WASHINGTON  CNN  -- President and Mrs. George W. Bush reported taxable income of $ 719 , 274 for the tax year 2007 and paid $ 221,635 in federal income taxes , the White House said Friday . The White House opened the door to Bush not attending the Olympic opening ceremonies this summer . They contributed a total of $ 165,660 to churches and charitable organizations . Some of the donations went to the following : the Crawford , Texas , Volunteer Fire Department , Susan G. Komen for the Cure , Malaria No More Fund , Martha 's Table and a St. John 's Church , most likely St. John 's Episcopal Church in the District of Columbia , where the Bushes sometimes attend services . Vice President Cheney and his wife earned $ 2,528,068 , the White House said , and owe taxes of $ 602,651 . The Cheneys paid $ 466,165 in taxes through withholding and estimated tax payments , and will pay the remaining $ 136,486 upon filing their tax return . Bush 's income included salary earned as president and investment income from the trusts in which his and his wife 's assets are held . The tax return also reports a $ 150,000 advance received by Laura Bush for the children 's book she co-authored with daughter Jenna . Laura Bush donated all net proceeds from the advance to Teach for America and the New Teacher Project , the White House statement said . Cheney 's income included his government salary of $ 212 , 208 and a pension of $ 32,500 from Union Pacific Corporation , of which he is a former director . His wife , Lynne , earned a salary from the American Enterprise Institute , a think-tank , and reported book royalty income and a pension of $ 32,000 from Reader 's Digest , of which she formerly was a director . She listed her occupation as "  writer . " Cheney listed his as "  vice president . " The Cheneys donated $ 166,547 to charity last year , the White House said , bringing their total charitable contributions during his vice presidency to just under $ 8 million . E-mail to a friend	President Bush , wife paid $ 221,635 in federal income taxes for 2007 They earned $ 719 , 274 for the tax year The Bushes contributed a total of $ 165,660 to churches , charitable organizations Vice President Cheney , wife earned $ 2,528,068 and owe taxes of $ 602,651
Moscow  CNN  -- Outside the Dutch Embassy in Moscow , people have left flowers and cuddly toys at a makeshift memorial for the lives lost in a conflict-scarred corner of eastern Ukraine . Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 fell from the sky in Donetsk on Thursday , killing all aboard . Of the 298 people killed , 193 -- nearly two-thirds -- were Dutch citizens . The United States accuses Moscow of supporting the pro-Russian rebels that it suspects shot down the aircraft . Russia denies involvement , with Russian President Vladimir Putin saying Ukraine 's military operation against the rebels is to blame for the tragedy . He has called for a "  thorough and objective " investigation . With rebels in control of the crash area , and reports of bodies and wreckage being tampered with , Dutch Prime Minister Mark Rutte told reporters he had a "  very intense " conversation with Putin on Saturday . Rutte said he told Putin "  the opportunity expires to show the world that he is serious about helping . " The tributes at the Dutch Embassy in Moscow include a hand-drawn picture of a plane broken in midair with the caption "  children should not die , " in a child 's handwriting . Another message reads : "  We are afraid , we are ashamed , we are in mourning . " While the official Russian position is that Russia played no role and has no responsibility for the crash , what 's striking in many of the notes is the use of the phrase "  forgive us . " The messages give a sense that the people who have left them do feel that Russia has an element of responsibility in what is playing out in eastern Ukraine . One note reads , in English , "  Excuse us , please , if you can . Sorry ! Russia , Moscow . " Paying his condolences at the embassy , Muscovite Yuri Yemshanov told CNN it was "  difficult to recognize that our country could be involved in this accident . " "  I think there 's lot of proof that we 're in closer relations and connections with the separatists in Ukraine . I suppose it 's clearly understood that we support them by providing weapons , and so I think it does n't matter who launched that rocket . Just because we 're supporting terrorists , we 're involved . " His wife , Marina , added : "  I think there should be investigation , but of course many things are understood now and we probably could know who did this . Now I think it 's time to say I 'm sorry for these people . This is the first thing . " Another woman , who gave her name as Olga , said that she was sure Russia was not involved in the tragedy and that an investigation would establish who was , but she added : "  However , I would also say ` forgive me . ' I 'm feeling the same . " Arnold van Sinderen , a Dutch citizen living in Moscow , told CNN he believed that the West painted the wrong image of Putin , but that all the same , the Russian leader needed to step up . "  It 's time to take responsibilities there and bring peace in this region . He should take his responsibility as well with what is happening with the plane crash ; this might accelerate the situation . " Meantime , the tributes outside the embassy pile up . Grief over victims , support for those left behind Who were the victims ? Grief and mourning at Amsterdam 's Schiphol Airport	Nearly two-thirds of those who died in the Malaysia Airlines crash in Ukraine were Dutch In Moscow , people have been leaving flowers and toys outside the Dutch Embassy Many of the messages include the phrase "  forgive me , " CNN 's Diana Magnay says One Muscovite told her that Russia 's connections with rebels meant it was involved
When I first poked my head inside Virgin Galactic 's newest spaceship , I felt a little like I was getting a front-row seat to space history . The company , led by billionaire Richard Branson , allowed CNN unprecedented access to a "  SpaceShipTwo , Serial Two " spacecraft which was being carefully assembled by workers at a secure facility in the high desert north of Los Angeles . This invention spun from carbon fiber and imagination is designed to fly tourists some 60 miles high to the edge of space . In 2008 , Branson predicted the company would be launching paying passengers by 2010 . Obviously that has n't happened yet . Meanwhile , more than 700 people -- reportedly including astrophysicist Stephen Hawking , Justin Bieber and Ashton Kutcher -- are awaiting to gain official status as Space Cowboys . The latest word : Virgin Galactic says it 's on track to begin commercial service by the end of this year . "  Rome was n't built in a day , " Branson tweeted in January . The spaceship I boarded is n't expected to fly until 2015 . I was asked not to take photos or video . From the inside , it looks bigger than you 'd expect after seeing its 60-foot-long exterior . For some reason I expected more machinery during assembly . Standing inside the cabin 's shell , I found four technicians working away with precision and TLC . There were no furnishings installed yet , so I tried to imagine which of the six seats in the spacecraft would be my choice -- if I could afford a $ 250,000 ticket . The cabin is dotted with so many windows it blew me away -- a side window and a ceiling window for every passenger . I imagined myself in the front row . Right side . Stepping carefully to the window , I remembered what space travelers have said about the power of seeing the awe-inspiring curvature of the Earth and what a life-changing experience that is . I was sort of projecting that as I stood inside the spaceship . Here 's how Virgin Galactic 's space tours are supposed to work : Six passengers and two pilots will board a SpaceShipTwo -- a combination rocket and glider . The ship is attached to a powerful airplane , called a WhiteKnightTwo . That plane flies the rocket/gilder up to about 50,000 feet . Then the real fun starts . The pilots separate the spacecraft from the plane . They ignite the spacecraft 's rocket engine , creating G-forces that pin passengers back in their seats , according to Virgin Galactic . They 'll experience "  eye-watering acceleration " to nearly 2,500 mph , more than three times the speed of sound . As the ship reaches higher and higher , the cobalt blue sky turns to black . Then : engines off . Silence . Passengers will be allowed out of their seats -- to feel that weightlessness we 've all heard so much about . It will be interesting to learn what really happens during the six minutes of weightlessness that Virgin Galactic says passengers will get on each flight . Imagine all six passengers inside this cabin as they 're dying to get that space-faring-selfie they can post online for the rest of their lives . I 'm wondering : What are the rules in space to get those photos ? How is that going to work ? Is everyone going to be bumping into each other while they 're floating around the cabin ? There were four workers in the ship 's cabin with me , and I could imagine us all bumping into each other -- accidentally throwing an elbow while we tried to maintain balance and control in zero-G . After the weightless portion of the flight -- if all goes according to plan -- passengers will strap themselves back into their seats before the spacecraft yields to the forces of gravity and begins its glide downward toward sweet Mother Earth . Related : What does a Virgin Galactic ticket get you ? Perhaps the real , lasting value of this experience will be what passengers bring back with them . Will it change the way they live here on Earth ? Virgin Galactic says its primary goal is n't about pushing the boundaries of space exploration . It 's about offering people a chance to gain a new perspective on the world -- literally and figuratively . Will seeing the beauty of the planet shift the way passengers interact with the environment ? Will it trigger people to embrace more environmentally sustainable lifestyles and technologies ? Whatever the case , the Virgin Galactic website promises : "  Life will never quite be the same again . " As anticipation builds towards the maiden passenger flight , here are seven things about the program you may not know : 1 . Can we call them astronauts ? Virgin Galactic refers to its space tourists as "  passenger astronauts . " But Buzz Aldrin does n't like it . "  I do n't think they should be called astronauts , " Aldrin told CNN in 2010 . "  That term was created by the U.S. military . My suggestions would be star-traveler or starflyer . " Aldrin knows from astronauts . Let 's not forget he was the the second astronaut to walk on the moon . 2 . Chinese nationals are banned from flights U.S. anti-espionage laws require Virgin Galactic to ban Chinese nationals from its flights , according to the South China Morning Post . Why ? Because rocket engines on the Virgin Galactic vessels reportedly are considered military-grade technology under U.S. arms trafficking laws established during the Cold War . The legislation was designed to prevent certain foreign powers , such as China , from getting hold of U.S. military tech secrets . 3 . Virgin Galactic accepts Bitcoin For the unaware : Bitcoin is an experimental form of money that exists only online . It 's not regulated by any central authorty . About 12 million Bitcoins have entered circulation . Branson told CNNMoney last January that a "  future astronaut , a female flight attendant from Hawaii , has already purchased her Virgin Galactic ticket using Bitcoins . " 4 . Look who 's hitching a ride : NASA As everyone knows , NASA figured out how to go to the moon long ago . Now , after the death of the shuttle program , the legendary space agency is relying on others for transportation . Virgin Galactic has agreed to carry a dozen NASA technology experiments on its first commercial research flight . 5 . Should Virgin Galactic partner with Google ? Doug Messier , managing editor of the space news site parabolicarc.com , speculates that Virgin Galactic and Google might make a good match to help Google gain a foothold in space . Google already is developing flying wind-turbine technology . 6 . DiCaprio 's secret seat-mate At a charity auction last year in France , an anonymous bidder won a Virgin Galactic seat next to actor Leonardo DiCaprio , according to the Hollywood Reporter . Winning bid : $ 1.5 million . 7 . Breakfast in London , lunch in LA Branson is said to be looking down the road to even more space ventures , including high-speed , point-to-point travel on Earth . Imagine traveling by rocket-plane from London to Singapore in an hour -- or from London to Los Angeles in a couple of hours . With every delay , the global attention on Virgin Galactic intensifies to prove that it will accomplish what it set out to do years ago . I ca n't wait to see what happens next . We 'll keep you posted .	Virgin Galactic space tourism flights are scheduled to begin this year The company is building a fleet of spaceships for passengers 700 people have paid hundreds of thousands of dollars each to be passengers Stephen Hawking , Justin Bieber , Leonardo DiCaprio and Ashton Kutcher reportedly are on the passenger list
March 2 , 2015 On Monday , CNN Student News puts some stamps on its passport in taking you to Russia , Israel , Syria and the Silk Road . Hear why there 's controversy in the U.S. government over an upcoming speech by the leader of a close ally . Measure the longest train journey on the planet . And discover the truth behind the colors of " #TheDress " -- and why people see its picture differently . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript and a place for you to request to be on the CNN Student News Roll Call . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show . ROLL CALL For a chance to be mentioned on the next CNN Student News , comment on the bottom of this page with your school name , mascot , city and state . We will be selecting schools from the comments of the previous show . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call ! Thank you for using CNN Student News !	This page includes the show Transcript Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary At the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on CNN Student News . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call .
CNN  -- A man walked into a North Carolina Target store on Sunday and shot an employee he had had a previous relationship with before turning the gun on himself , police said . "  Target is deeply saddened by the loss of one of our team members and the tragic event that took place at our Apex , North Carolina , store shortly after 11 a.m. Sunday morning , " Target spokeswoman Brandy Doyle said in a statement . "  The store was immediately evacuated following the incident and we are cooperating fully with law enforcement in its investigation . " Apex police spokeswoman Ann Stephens told CNN the victim and suspect had been in a relationship that ended several years ago . She was in the store at her cash register Sunday morning when he came in and shot her , Stephens said . The man died of self-inflicted gunshot wounds , she said . The store will be closed Sunday "  so that we can focus on taking care of our team , " Doyle said . Counselors would be made available at the store , she said . Apex is about 15 miles west of Raleigh , North Carolina . CNN 's Karan Olson contributed to this report .	Two dead in apparent murder-suicide at Target store Shooting took place just after 11 a.m. Store evacuated following incident
CNN  -- Barbara Billingsley , who wore a classy pearl necklace and dispensed pearls of wisdom as America 's quintessential mom on "  Leave it to Beaver , " has died at age 94 , a family spokeswoman said Saturday . The actress passed away at 2 a.m.  5 a.m. ET  Saturday at her home in Santa Monica , California , after a long illness , spokeswoman Judy Twersky said . A private memorial is being planned . Actor Jerry Mathers , who played Theodore "  Beaver " Cleaver , called Billingsley a lifetime mentor . "  Barbara was a patient advisor and teacher . She helped me along this challenging journey through life by showing me the importance of manners , and respect for others , " Mathers said in a statement . "  She will be missed by all of her family , friends , fans and most especially by me . " Tony Dow , who played Beaver 's brother , Wally Cleaver , also reflected on Billingsley 's legacy . "  She was as happy as a lark being recognized as America 's mom , " Dow told CNN 's Don Lemon . "  She had a terrific life and had a wonderful impact on everybody she knew , and even people she did n't know . " The actress won a new legion of fans in a brief , but memorable , scene in the 1980 send-up movie "  Airplane . " "  Oh , stewardess . I speak jive , " Billingsley said in her role -- much different from her June Cleaver persona -- as an elderly passenger comforting an ill man on the flight . She , the sick man and his seat companion engaged in street-slang banter . From the moment its catchy theme song sounded in black-and-white TV sets of the 1950s , "  Leave it to Beaver " enthralled Americans during a time of relative prosperity and world peace . Its characters represented middle-class white America . June Cleaver dutifully pecked the cheek of her husband , Ward  played by the late Hugh Beaumont  , when he came home to learn about the latest foibles -- nothing serious -- committed by Beaver and Wally . "  Ward , I 'm very worried about the Beaver , " was a common refrain . The parents would dispense moralistic advice to their sons . The boys ' friends included Lumpy and the obsequious Eddie Haskell , who avoided trouble and often buttered up Ward and June . "  That 's a lovely dress you 're wearing , Mrs. Cleaver , " Eddie would typically say to Billingsley 's character . Perhaps fittingly , "  Leave it to Beaver " was canceled in 1963 on the eve of the JFK assassination , the Vietnam War and the tumult of the 1960s . In the 1980s , Dow appeared with Billingsley in "  The New Leave it to Beaver . " She shifted from being a mom figure to a good friend who supported his directing and artistic endeavors , Dow said . "  She always had a positive thing to say , " said Dow , 65 . Mathers spoke of Billingsley 's talent during a 2000 appearance on CNN 's "  Larry King Live . " "  We kind of stifled her , because her true talent did n't really come out in ` Leave it Beaver . ' She was like the straight man , but she has an awful lot of talent . " Born December 22 , 1915 , in Los Angeles , Billingsley began her career as a model in New York City in 1936 . She was under contract to MGM in 1945 before becoming a household name with the launch of "  Leave it to Beaver " in 1957 . Billingsley also voiced the role of Nanny in Nickelodeon 's "  Muppet Babies " from 1984 to 1991 . Billingsley is related by marriage to actor/producer Peter Billingsley , known for his starring role as Ralphie in the seasonal TV-movie classic "  A Christmas Story , " according to the Internet Movie Database . Peter Billingsley 's mother , Gail Billingsley , is the cousin of Barbara 's first husband , Glenn . Billingsley , whose second and third husbands predeceased her , is survived by her two sons , Drew Billingsley of Granada Hills , California , and Glenn Billingsley of Phillips Ranch , California . Asked once to compare real-life families to TV families , Billingsley responded , "  I just wish that we could have more families like those . Family is so important , and I just do n't think we have enough people staying home with their babies and their children . "	Actress Barbara Billingsley dies at home at age 94 She is best known for her role as June Cleaver A private memorial is being planned
CNN  -- Just as Americans are staring down flu season , Hong Kong grabbed headlines this week with news confirming that a chicken was infected with the H5N1 virus and that many more suspected of harboring the dangerous disease were slaughtered . In the recent movie "  Contagion " , Hollywood 's version of a pandemic , the government successfully executes a response plan . But our real-life encounter with a pandemic , the H1N1 flu , raises serious questions of whether the American public is prepared for such a crisis . It should have been good news that the H1N1 epidemic we confronted in 2009-10 was less deadly than feared , but instead , it was used as political leverage . Conservatives , in particular , claimed the vaccination recommendations were overhyped , more "  big government " meddling in citizens ' lives . What 's worse , many media outlets highlighted the critical narrative while minimizing strong evidence that the government handled the threat quite well under the difficult circumstances . This occurred as opinion polls revealed the public 's growing lack of confidence in government officials and institutions , which are now at record levels Is it any wonder , then , that , despite extensive planning and billions of dollars , the public will be unprepared for the next time ? The reason lies in our deep distrust of government and thus , our unwillingness to believe the experts ' claim that vaccination is the single best method for preventing the spread of disease . To be sure , Americans have both historical and contemporary reasons for suspecting that government officials may not be diligent in protecting the public 's health over powerful interests . The history of epidemics is replete with boneheaded government actions that trampled the rights of marginal populations in the interests of protecting the so-called larger public . Nearly every major American epidemic has targeted the poor or an ethnic minority group as objects of blame in efforts to prevent the spread of disease . As late as the 2003 SARS outbreak , New Yorkers shunned the city 's Chinatown amid rumors that undocumented immigrants had brought the disease to America . By some estimates , business fell by 70 % although not a single case from that neighborhood was ever diagnosed . In this media environment it is harder than ever for us to know who to trust and how to separate fact from fiction . During the H1N1 pandemic , radio personalities such as Glenn Beck and Rush Limbaugh implied that choosing not to take the vaccine was a litmus test of ideological commitment to opposing the Obama administration . Some opponents of the administration 's proposed health care reform legislation delighted in the vaccine production delays and questioned its safety and effectiveness , saying it was proof of the government 's incompetence to "  run health care . " Two senators commanded a news cycle by demanding the secretary of Health and Human Services explain the shortage , joining the chorus of those accusing the government of wildly overestimating the production schedule and making false promises Within two weeks of such grandstanding , there was a surplus of vaccine , although well over half of those questioned in polls said they believed there was not enough vaccine for all who wanted it . Too many are willing to accept , if not engage in , factual distortions to create their own comfortable reality . Public opinion polls around the time of the H1N1 danger revealed nearly a 20-point difference between Democrats ' and Republicans ' intention to seek the vaccine . Republicans not only were less inclined to take it , they were also more inclined to doubt the disease was as serious as health officials claimed . Our continued willingness to follow politicians who are leading us astray is to our own detriment . Admittedly , it takes considerably more effort to critically evaluate the accuracy of information we receive , especially if inconvenient , than to simply accept what we want to hear , but we have no other choice . Acting responsibly will literally be a matter of life and death . In the end , fewer than 20 % of Americans took the vaccine , with over half of the population indicating they did n't believe the government message that the vaccine was safe and effective . Ironically , Hollywood has now legitimated the public 's skepticism by including a scene in "  Contagion " in which a reporter asks the fictional CDC official how he knows the epidemic threat is not "  another false alarm " like the H1N1 . Take it from me : H1N1 was not a false alarm , nor were the government recommendations to address it hyperbolic . In the uncertainty of a crisis environment , government officials provided effective leadership . The distortions of politicians , ideologues and certain media outlets did us a disservice . Fewer Americans than expected died or required hospitalization , but next time , we might not be so lucky . Ultimately , it 's up to us to see through the politicizing and headline grabbing and protect ourselves . As Pogo observed , "  We have met the enemy and he is us . " The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Leslie Gerwin .	Leslie Gerwin : Reports of H1N1 flu in Hong Kong should be watched She says U.S. did not perform well during 2009-10 epidemic She says conservatives claimed U.S. vaccination program was "  big government " in action Gerwin : The best way to prevent spread of the disease is vaccination
For a time , it had the makings of a mountain mystery . Three deaths -- first an elderly couple then , weeks later , an 11-year-old boy -- in the same hotel room with the same immediate response from authorities : cause of death undetermined . When the third death -- that of a South Carolina youth visiting Boone with his mother -- made news over the weekend in a Charlotte Observer story  "  Mystery surrounds Boone motel deaths , "  it brought on reader comments punctuated with words such as "  terrifying , " "  bizarre , " "  really weird , " "  incredibly creepy . " "  Bates Motel in Boone ? " offered one reader . In this town where the old ways of the mist-shrouded North Carolina mountains still abide alongside massive multi-million-dollar developments , a booming tourism industry and a lynchpin university complex at Appalachian State , the deaths in Room 225 at the Best Western Plus Blue Ridge Plaza hotel were indeed enough to get people talking . Not so much in the realm of the unknown , however . More in the spirit of there 's - got-to-be-an-explanation -- and with genuine mountain sympathy for the victims and their families . "  If it 's the same  cause for all three deaths  , this is ridiculous , " Betty Austin , owner of the Mountain House restaurant near the hotel , told CNN Monday . 5 things to know about carbon monoxide "  Got ta be something going on , " said Chuck Style , a manager at Idol 's Tire & Auto Services also near the hotel . "  It 's a real nice hotel . That 's kinda what 's so shocking about it , " said Style , who added that the talk in town was focused on an unseen yet quite tangible probable cause : carbon monoxide . On Monday , investigators confirmed the locals ' speculation . Boone Police Chief Dana Crawford told reporters that shortly after noon on Saturday , when emergency personnel responded to the hotel to find 11-year-old Jeffrey Lee Williams dead and his mother , Jeannie Williams , 49 , ill , "  a presumptive test indicated elevated level of carbon monoxide in the room . " Crawford said after an autopsy on the boy 's body , "  preliminary indications are that he died from asphyxia . " Other toxicology results were pending , he added . Crawford went on : full-blown toxicology tests had concluded within the last 24 hours that the deaths of Daryl Dean Jenkins , 73 , and Shirley Mae Jenkins , 72 , from Washington state , in Room 225 in April were both due to carbon monoxide poisoning . Autopsies conducted soon after the couple died had been incomplete . Left unsolved is the source of the smothering gas . "  As of today , the business remains closed and under the control of investigators , " Crawford said Monday . Examiners from the state board overseeing plumbing , heating and fire sprinkler contractors will be at the hotel on Wednesday , the chief said . Williams , according to a relative quoted in the Charlotte Observer , had gone from home in Rock Hill , South Carolina , to Boone with her son to pick up her daughter from a mountain camp . She remained hospitalized in stable condition Monday . An attorney retained by the hotel issued a statement to media saying the "  health and safety of guests who stay at our hotel is our number one priority . "  Our thoughts and prayers go out to the family and friends of those involved , " added attorney Paul Culpepper . "  We are cooperating fully with authorities who are investigating this truly tragic incident . The hotel will remain closed as we work closely with authorities to address any issues identified and authorities declare the hotel cleared for occupancy . " In Boone , where the mountain way of speaking to the point can cut as clean as a biting morning wind , restaurateur Austin summed up the attitude of many . "  If you had this happen one time , " she said Monday , "  why in hell did n't they do something about it ? "	An elderly couple from Washington state died in the room in April Autopsy results then were inconclusive On Saturday , an 11-year-old boy died in the same room Authorities link all three deaths to one cause : carbon monoxide
CNN  -- An out-of-control monster truck crashed into the stands at a show in Oregon , injuring three spectators seated in the front row , authorities said . Onlooker Dustin Earls captured video of the scene Saturday at the "  Monster Air 2012 " show in Harrisburg . Earls told CNN he was watching the third drag race of the event when one of the drivers started heading for a mud pit in front of the seating area . "  The truck got a little wild and he hit the mud pit , " Earls said . "  I thought , ` This guy 's just messing around ; he 'll hit his brakes right here . ' " But the oversized truck did n't stop . Video shot by Earls on his mobile phone shows the truck making a hard right turn and driving straight into the panicked crowd . "  I heard his axle snap as soon as he hit the mud , " Earls said . "  As soon as he hit that line , he lost control of his steering and his brakes . " Earls ' video becomes jumbled as he runs to safety , but the screams of frightened spectators can be heard in the background . A Linn County Sheriff 's sergeant told CNN affiliate KVAL three people in the crowd were hurt . Earls said the driver immediately got out of the truck to see if anyone was injured . "  He wanted to know if everything was okay , " Earls said , "  He was so concerned . He said , ` Oh my God , I ca n't believe what happened . ' " KVAL reported the driver told authorities the rear wheels on his 1970 Ford spun out in the mud , and he crashed into a barricade . The truck cleared the barricade and its 48-inch tires landed on three spectators , KVAL reported . The sheriff 's sergeant told KVAL the victims ' injuries were not life-threatening .	Video shot by a spectator shows the truck driving straight into the panicked crowd The driver immediately got out of the truck to see if anyone was injured , a spectator says The driver says the rear wheels on his 1970 Ford spun out in the mud The injuries are not life-threatening , an affiliate reports
CNN  -- A middle-aged woman walked into the emergency room of Phebe Hospital with a fever on the evening of June 23 . Phebe was known as one of the best hospitals in rural Liberia , supported by the local government and international religious and academic partners . Phebe was especially known for its high-quality nursing care , serving as a training hospital for nearby Cuttington University , one of the country 's few nursing schools . A few hours after arriving in the emergency room , the woman was admitted to the medicine ward with a list of potential infections -- all the usual suspects in Bong County : malaria , typhoid , sepsis . An epidemic had been raging for months in nearby Guinea , but Ebola was not considered as a possible diagnosis . After all , nobody at Phebe had ever seen a patient before with Ebola , and as the axiom goes in medicine , when you hear hoof beats , think horses , not zebras . Certainly do n't start imagining unicorns . The nurse who cared for the woman that night drew her blood and helped her to the toilet to urinate . When the woman began vomiting and soiled her sheets , the nurse cleaned up the mess , as nurses do all over the world every day . For a disease whose transmission depends on the direct contact of one human being with the body fluids of another , Ebola has no better customer than nurses . The other thing about nurses that the virus finds particularly helpful is they tend to work in shifts . Before the week was out , Bong County 's first Ebola patient had died , and seven nurses caring for her had fallen ill . Six of them would also die in the coming weeks . The remaining clinical staff , watching their colleagues falling ill all around them , abandoned the hospital . When the patients saw what was happening , those well enough to walk out did just that . Over the ensuing months , the epidemic rippled across Bong . Hundreds of individuals were infected , and perhaps more importantly , basic social institutions also began to collapse . One by one , all three hospitals in the county shut down due to fear of the spread of the virus , followed by most of the primary care clinics . Women were left without midwives to deliver their babies , accident victims without emergency rooms to care with them . Next the primary schools closed , then the secondary schools , and finally Cuttington University . Guilty of Ebola until proven otherwise Ebola is not just a disease of individuals but also one that infects society 's most basic health and social welfare structures . As a disease that afflicts health care institutions , it is perhaps fitting that the most powerful weapon in the fight against Ebola is not a single drug or vaccine but instead a particular type of health care institution : the Ebola Treatment Unit , or ETU . On September 15 , I helped International Medical Corps open the first ETU in Bong County . I have worked in many hospitals , both rich and poor , and have set up refugee camp clinics and trauma field hospitals in poverty-stricken and war-torn countries . But managing an ETU has been an entirely different experience . The primary goal of a hospital or clinic is to care for patients and , if possible , to save their lives . The primary goal of an ETU is to protect the lives of its staff . The secondary goal is to protect surrounding communities and resuscitate local health care systems by taking patients suspected of having Ebola out of their homes and hospital emergency rooms , breaking the chain of transmission . Caring for patients comes third on the list of priorities , though still remains important . After all , why would people go to an ETU if they did not think there was at least a chance that it would help make them better ? During the week before opening our ETU , I can honestly say that I worked harder and slept less than during any other time in my life . The sheer number of details involved in the construction and management of this unique type of health care facility is almost endless . Ebola 's $ 1 billion bill hits Africa 's bright economic lights First , a site had to be chosen , which has been a significant roadblock to the opening of other ETUs . Hospitals tend to be built close to the communities they serve ; most communities , however , tend to want their ETU as far away as possible . Our ETU sits in the middle of a forest , 2 kilometers  more than a mile  down a rough dirt road , on the grounds of an old leper colony . Perhaps it is not surprising that the survivors of one of humanity 's oldest and most stigmatized diseases would be among the few to welcome a treatment facility for one of the newest stigmatized diseases . Second , the design and infrastructure of the ETU had to be perfected , with separate spaces and wards designating different levels of risk , where staff members would know to take different kinds of precautions . A borehole was drilled and giant tanks erected to mix up the nearly 12,000 liters of chlorine required each day to disinfect the ETU and its staff properly . A giant incinerator was built to burn the vast amounts of infected waste produced by the facility safely . Third , supplies had to be purchased , both the normal kind present in any hospital , such as bed sheets and intravenous fluids , but also the expensive  and increasingly difficult to purchase  personal protective equipment . A single outfit of boots , gloves , suit , mask , hood , goggles and apron costs as much as $ 90 , and at full capacity the ETU might go through 100 outfits a day . Ebola hospital overwhelmed by patients Finally and most importantly , local staff had to be hired and trained to work in the facility . While a small team of expatriates working with International Medical Corps manages our ETU , more than 90 % of the staffing remains local . During the week before opening our facility , I helped organize an intensive training for our first 50 staff members , including physician assistants , nurses , nursing aids , hygienists , sprayers , safety monitors , waste handlers , chlorinators , laundry staff and burial team members , to ensure they knew how to protect their health and the health of their colleagues while working in the ETU . Just 72 hours before our opening day , we had a checklist of almost 50 items , ranging from goggles to gravediggers , that we still needed to be able to begin admitting patients safely to the ETU . The pressure to open the ETU had been building for weeks as the numbers of cases of Ebola in the county began to skyrocket . Somehow , and I 'm still not sure how , we made it happen .	Phebe Hospital in rural Liberia was abandoned after first Ebola patient infected staff All three hospitals and schools in Bong County shut down due to fear of Ebola The first Ebola Treatment Unit opened in Bong County in mid-September
CNN  -- Whisper it quietly , but after years of foreign domination the prospect of a French winner of the Tour de France is more than just a mere pipe dream . You have to rewind the clock to 1985 -- 29 long years -- to find the last time that a home winner stepped on to the podium on the Champs-Elysees -- with Bernard Hinault claiming his fifth and final victory . Hinault is ranked among the all-time greats and one of only six men , 2014 Tour winner Vincenzo Nibali included , to win all three of the sports major tours in Italy , Spain and France . But his legacy has been one of a steady decline with Richard Virenque 's second place in 1997 the last time a French rider even made the podium -- until this year . Jean-Christophe Peraud and 24-year-old Thibaut Pinot may have finished around eight minutes adrift of Italy 's Nibali in second and third spots respectively , but that hardly mattered to a French public desperate for success . Further hope came in the form of 23-year-old Romain Bardet , who battled it out with compatriot Pinot for the white jersey of best young rider , before coming home a creditable sixth . "  The French , promise for 2015 , " read Monday 's headline in the famous sporting newspaper L'Equipe , already anticipating next year 's Grand Boucle . Pinot 's burst to briefly distance Nibali on one of the 16th stage in the Pyrenees last Tuesday had set home pulses racing , although the team FDJ hope admitted he had made his move with thoughts of white rather the yellow jersey of the leader . "  My big objective was to gain time on Bardet , " Pinot said after his heroics . He had eventually to give best to compatriot Peraud , who despite being 37 has only been a professional on the road circuit since 2009 , having previously won a silver medal at the 2008 Beijing Olympics in mountain biking . Peraud 's superior ability at individual time trialing  racing alone against the clock  saw him edge out his French rival but it was the young men , Pinot and Bardet , who hold most hope for the future . "  It was great for the French to have two men on the podium , " said Stephen Farrand , of Cyclingnews.com . "  With Pinot I think they are really optimistic for next year , he 's quite a character . "  I think the Tour is always better when home riders are performing well , there 's a lot more enthusiasm about the race and the French never need an excuse to be patriotic , " he added . Over the past decade that patriotism has mostly been reserved for the never-day-die attitude of Thomas Voeckler , still making brave breakaways , for team Europcar on this year 's Tour at the age of 35 . Back in 2004 , Voeckler became a national hero when he led the Tour for against the odds for 10 days with the fleeting prospect he could beat the all-conquering Lance Armstrong . Even back then there was the suspicion -- particularly in the French media -- that Armstrong was getting extra help from banned substances , while home riders , personified by Voeckler were manifestly "  pure " and free of drugs . With Armstrong disgraced and stripped of his seven Tour titles , cycling is believed to have cleaned up its act and there have been no positive tests on the 2014 edition . Farrand believes the French have more to gain than most in the new era . "  In the past nobody really knew what was going on , " he said . "  Now there are so many good signs , the French have always been anti-doping and now they are able to compete for the yellow jersey . " Whether that 's a realistic prospect , certainly for 2015 , will depend on if Nibali is able to repeat his outstanding performances , four stage wins included , and Froome and Contador can return with a vengeance . "  He 's a most deserved winner , " said Farrand of Nibali . "  He had the yellow jersey for all but two days and his margin of victory is the second biggest in Tour history . " Nibali 's victory is also a shot in the arm for Italian cycling , which like its French counterpart , has been in something of a trough , hit by doping scandals and the poor state of its economy . Despite previous victories in the Giro d'Italia and Tour of Spain , he had been lightly regarded by the media , "  only about half a dozen journalists attended his pre-race press conference , " said Farrand , but proved them wrong . An audacious late break to win the second stage in Sheffield , England , saw him gain time on Froome and Contador and he rode brilliantly on the treacherous and cobbled fifth stage to open up a further gap . After his main rivals exited , Nibali proceeded to claim a further three stage wins in the Alps and Pyrenees and comfortably hold off the challenge mounted by his French rivals and Spain 's Alejandro Valverde . Italy 's main sports newspaper La Gazzetta dello Sport gave him top billing with a nice tribute from Hinault , who congratulated him on the podium in Paris . "  Throughout the tour , Nibali has shown great wisdom , mastery , he never panicked , " he said . The 59-year-old Hinault , who works for Tour organizers ASO , will doubtless be hoping against hope that over the next coming years he will be presenting the yellow jersey on the Champs-Elysees to a compatriot . It is not only Pinot and Bardet who could break the overseas domination of the top step of the podium . There are high hopes for 22-year-old Warren Barguil , described by Hinault as a "  huge talent " after winning two mountain stages of the Tour of Spain last year . Barguil was left off the Giant-Shimano squad because it concentrated on helping Germany 's Marcel Kittel win four stages of this year 's Tour , including the blue-riband finish on the Champs-Elysees . French sprinting talent is also emerging , with young fast men like Bryan Coquard , third in the points classification to Peter Sagan this year and Nacer Bouhanni , who won three stages of the Giro d'Italia . Whether they can challenge the likes of Kittel and Britain 's Mark Cavendish , who did not make it past stage one after hitting the tarmac in Harrogate , in the future is again open to debate , but it all points to a welcome renaissance for the traditional home of cycling .	France has two riders on Tour podium for first time since 1984 Jean-Christophe Peraud finished second and Thibaut Pinot third Last French winner was Bernard Hinault in 1985 Italy 's Vincenzo Nibali won his first Tour Sunday
CNN  -- Rafael Nadal is on track to win his fourth successive grand slam after Marcos Daniel was forced to retire during their first-round match at the Australian Open on Tuesday . World number one Nadal had already opened up a 6-0 5-0 lead before the Brazilian suffered a knee injury after 47 minutes of the match . Nadal , a nine-time major winner , is hoping to become the first player since Rod Laver in 1969 to win four consecutive Grand Slams . "  I think I played right , " the 24-year-old told the ATP Tour 's website ahead of his next match against American debutant Ryan Sweeting , who is ranked 116th . "  I played some good shots , some long shots . The serve can be a little bit better . That 's the only point that I think I can improve . " The Australian Open should be in February ! British fifth seed Andy Murray progressed to round two after his opponent also became injured . Murray , who was a beaten finalist in Melbourne last year , led Slovakia 's Karol Beck 6-3 6-1 4-2 when the world number 101 succumbed to a shoulder problem . The match lasted for one hour and 42 minutes before Beck withdrew , meaning the 23-year-old Murray will now face Illya Marchenko of the Ukraine who beat Spain 's Ruben Ramirez Hidalgo . "  I thought it was a pretty good match , " said Murray . "  Obviously you 'd rather finish the match off without your opponent being hurt , but it does happen quite a lot . So you just have to move on and get yourself ready for the next round . " Juan Martin del Potro scored a victory on his return to Grand Slam action , as he defeated Israel 's Dudi Sela 7-6 6-4 6-4 . Argentina 's Del Potro , the 2009 U.S. Open champion , has not played in one of the four majors since last year 's Melbourne Park tournament after struggling with a wrist injury . "  Today I played good tennis again , " the former world number four said . "  But I 'm really enjoying this week . I met with all the players , especially the top-10 players . They supported me when I was very bad . So now I am face to face with them I can say thank you . " Del Potro will now play the 2006 Australian Open champion Marcos Baghdatis , who beat Slovenia 's Grega Zemlja 3-6 7-5 6-1 4-6 6-2 . Australia 's Lleyton Hewitt and David Nalbandian of Argentina played out a five-set clash which lasted four hours and 48 minutes at the Rod Laver Arena in a rematch of the 2002 Wimbledon final . Nalbandian eventually sealed a 3-6 6-4 3-6 7-6 9-7 victory , with the final set lasting 93 minutes , as he avenged that defeat and also his reverse to Hewitt in the 2005 Austalian Open quarterfinals . Lithuania 's Ricardas Berankis will be Nalbandian 's second-round opponent after he beat another Australian Marinko Matosevic 6-4 6-2 7-5 . France 's Jo-Wilfried Tsonga came from two sets down to claim a 4-6 2-6 6-2 6-3 6-4 triumph over Philipp Petzschner of Germany . Tsonga , seeded 13th , eventually won the match after 194 minutes to set up a tie against Andreas Seppi after the Italian defeated Arnaud Clement . America 's John Isner hit 26 aces on his way to a 6-3 7-6 6-3 win over Florent Serra of France . Isner is set to face Radek Stepanek of the Czech Republic in the second round , who advanced at the expense of Deni Gremelmayr .	Rafael Nadal is into the second round of the Australian Open after Marcos Daniel retired Andy Murray is through after Karol Beck was also forced to retire in their match He is joined in the next round by Argentina 's Juan Martin del Potro , who beat Dudi Sela Marcos Baghdatis , John Isner and Radek Stepanek all scored victories in Melbourne
Jerusalem  CNN  -- There 's a new distinction in the strife between Israel and Gaza-based armed groups -- Israel 's portable anti-rocket system called the Iron Dome . With the ability to effectively take down mid-range rockets targeted at Israeli cities , and with a success rate of over 90 % , the system is helping Israel offset the most widespread threat to its citizens in recent years , according to Israeli officials . Thirty-seven rockets fired out of Gaza towards Israeli cities have been intercepted since Friday , a spokesman for the Israel Defense Forces said Sunday . "  I must point out that the Iron Dome system has proven itself very well and we will , of course , see to its expansion in the months and years ahead . We will do everything in our power to expand the deployment of this system , " Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said Sunday at his cabinet meeting . Casualties mount in attacks between Gaza , Israel First deployed in April 2011 , the Iron Dome system targets incoming rockets it identifies as possible threats to city centers and fires an interceptor missile to destroy them in mid-air . Each battery is equipped with an interception management center to calculate the expected location of impact , and to prioritize targets according to pre-defined targets . The battery also has firing-control radar used to identify targets , and a portable missile launcher . The makers of the system praise its mobility , with just a few hours required to relocate and set up , thereby enabling the Israeli military to adjust itself on multiple fronts . Israeli officials say although the system currently is deployed near three major cities in the south of Israel , it is capable of handling missile threats in other fronts if needed . But such protection comes at a price . Developed by Israel 's defense technology company Rafael , the system carries an the estimated cost for each battery of tens of millions of dollars . Each "  Tamir " interception missile used by the system comes at a price of no less than $ 62,000 . While the initial development of the system was a sole Israeli enterprise , the system is now heavily sponsored by the United States . In May of 2010 , the U.S. House of Representatives approved a plan to allocate $ 205 million for Israel 's Iron Dome system . Israel currently has three Iron Dome batteries and is scheduled to receive a fourth in the coming months . According to Israeli media , Israel plans to deploy a total of nine batteries by 2013 . A defense ministry official told CNN that Israel would need up to 13 batteries to completely cover all its borders . But how important is the Iron Dome for Israel ? According to former Israeli ambassador to the United States Dore Gold , the Iron Dome system could potentially be a real game-changer . "  The most important question is how would the Iron Dome affect the decisions of Hamas leaders and their Iranian supporters ? While Hamas rockets are aimed primarily to target civilians and terrorize the Israeli home front , a secondary and just important aim is to hit strategic sites in the future . Eliminating the ability to hit strategic targets may lead Hamas to rethink the efficiency of acquiring the rockets it has used in the past , " Gold said . Visiting an Iron Dome battery Saturday , Israeli Defense Minister Ehud Barak gave an insight into the broader advantages of defensive skills . "  This system is part of a wider multi-layer interception system , which not only protects our citizens but also allows freedom of activity for the IDF and political leadership . This is crucial as we face threats from all around us , " Barak said .	The Iron Dome system targets incoming rockets and fires missiles to intercept Its success rate is over 90 % , officials say IDF : Since Friday , the system has stopped 37 rockets fired out of Gaza toward Israeli cities But the U.S.-sponsored system is costing tens of millions of dollars
CNN  -- Summer is the quintessential season of leisure and fun . A time for adventure and exploration , summer is when long days consist of basking in the sun , catching fireflies in our hands , gazing up at stars and cheering with the crackle of fireworks . Ready for a mini vacation ? To celebrate summer , CNN invited explorers to submit their favorite images of summer skies from around the globe . See some of the best user-submitted photos by exploring the gallery above . Do you have a passion for travel photography ? Share your photos with CNN iReport and you could be featured on CNN.com . 50 states , 50 spots : Natural wonders 53 amazing wildlife photos	Sunsets , fireworks and starry skies remind us that it 's summer The first day of summer was June 21 in the U.S. Share your stories and images with CNN iReport
CNN  -- Jason Terry can keep the tattoo . One of the many story lines in the NBA Finals won by the Dallas Mavericks Sunday night was Terry 's bold tattoo . Terry said he had the Larry O'Brien championship trophy tattooed on his right bicep before the season began because he was confident the Mavs would clinch the title . Losing would 've been painful for Terry , literally , as he said he would have the tattoo removed . The Mavs won 105-95 , with Terry leading the team with 27 points . It was the Mavs ' first NBA championship in franchise history . Dallas clinched the series by a margin of 4-2 . Prior to their Game 6 victory , no player on the Mavs had won an NBA title . "  When you did something as crazy as I did , you have to back it up , " Terry said showing his tattoo to the television cameras . "  This team never gave up when faced with adversity . We never gave up . Tonight we got vindication . " The Mavs used furious scoring barrages by Terry and weathered an uneven game by star forward Dirk Nowitzki to win . In the end , Miami could not overcome Dallas ' zone defense . "  I still really ca n't believe it . The team worked so long and so hard . The team deserves this . The Mavs nation deserves this , " Nowitski said . "  I could not get in a rhythm today but the team carried me to this win . " "  I got ta give it up for the fellas , " Nowitski said . Despite a poor shooting night , Nowitzki still had 21 points . The Mavs held a slim 53-51 lead at halftime and were able to grow the lead . They led by nine at the end of the third quarter . They pulled away in the fourth quarter , helped by Miami 's sloppy play and turnovers . The loss was devastating for Miami , a team that seemed to be put together for a championship . Before the season , the Heat added perennial all-star forward Chris Bosh and superstar forward LeBron James to a team that was headed by talented guard Dwayne Wade . A dejected James shook a few hands before quickly walking off the floor . The rest of the Heat stayed out to shake the hands . "  It hurts , of course . But I am not going to hang my head low , " James told reporters after the game . The win not only means the first championship for star power forward Nowitzki , it also means his Mavericks avenged their crushing loss against the Heat in the 2006 NBA Finals . That year , Nowitzki and the Mavericks watched a 2-0 series lead in the NBA Finals evaporate at the hands of Wade and the Heat . For 38-year-old Dallas point guard Jason Kidd , Sunday 's victory was a long-time coming . "  It 's something that you always dream of when you come into the league , " Kidd said shortly after the victory . "  And it just shows the character of this team ... I guess the third time 's a charm . " The post-game celebration resulted in at least 14 arrests in downtown Dallas , according to police , including four for disorderly conduct and six for public intoxication . CNN 's Benjamin Gottlieb and Vivian Kuo contributed to this report	LeBron James : "  not going to hang my head low " Mavericks avenge loss to Miami Heat in 2006 Finals Dallas leads by 9 points at the end of the third quarter Jason Terry leads Mavs in scoring with 27 points
New Delhi  CNN  -- When I left India to move to America 13 years ago , the President of the United States was George W. Bush , a man who was often internationally lampooned for mismanaging two wars and tainting Washington 's image abroad . But moving back to India this month , I 've been struck by the number of Indians who look back wistfully at the Bush years . For Indians , Bush is considered a better friend than President Barack Obama . In fact , right now , Indians do n't see Obama as much of a friend at all . It did n't start off that way . In the early days of his presidency , in 2009 , Obama marked India 's Republic Day by saying Indians "  have no better friend " than the people of the United States . A year later , when he visited New Delhi , he famously predicted India and the U.S. would form "  the defining partnership of the 21st century . " At the time , Obama won Indian hearts and minds as he chowed down kebabs at the city 's famous Bukhara restaurant . The chefs created a special platter that exists to this day -- the Obama platter .  There was already a Bill Clinton platter , as well as a Hillary one . Today , the platters have gone cold : New Delhi feels jilted . Instead of a defining partnership , Indians could n't quite define where they stood . Talk of a G-2 -- a U.S. mega-alliance with China , an idea which did n't come from Obama -- inflamed old feelings of jealousy . Washington 's impending pullout from Afghanistan , along with its generous aid to Pakistan , has stoked angst . But the real low point was reached late last year when an Indian diplomat in New York was arrested and then strip-searched for allegedly underpaying her nanny . Obama likely had no prior knowledge of the case or the arrest , but still , the perceived American high-handedness turned out to be too much for India to digest . New Delhi revoked privileges to U.S. interests in the country , and across India , there were anti-American protests . Regardless of the merits of the dispute , Indians wondered : If they had no better friend , was this the treatment they deserved ? The sense of betrayal is mutual . Washington feels let down , too -- and with some good reason . When Russia annexed Crimea from Ukraine this year , India chose not to side with the United States but to abstain on a U.N. General Assembly resolution against the Russian action .  Russia is , incidentally , India 's largest supplier of arms .  When Washington sought to coalesce support for stringent sanctions against Iran , the surprise spoiler turned out to be New Delhi , which said it needed Iranian oil . What happened to what was promised to be a close friendship between the world 's two biggest democracies ? One could look to history for answers . Since its independence in 1947 , India -- scarred by centuries of invasions and interventions -- has been a reluctant global player . Its first Prime Minister , Jawaharlal Nehru , co-founded the Non-Aligned Movement , a group of nations that aspired to steer clear of great powers and their geopolitics . But 67 years on from its creation , India is now itself an aspiring great power , already among the top 10 economies in the world . Indian diplomats routinely express their hopes for India to become a permanent member of the U.N. Security Council , joining the ranks of Russia , the United States , China , France and the United Kingdom . And yet India 's foreign policy has remained aloof , lagging well behind its growth . The country has about the same number of diplomats abroad as Singapore , a country with a population 1/250th of India 's . The United States , with a population one quarter of India 's , has 10 times as many diplomats . How can India make or maintain friendships when it has always stayed at home ? Instead of the past , Indians and Americans should look to the future and the potential it could bring . A recent Pew survey shows that despite recent troubles , Indians trust and like America . For every Indian expressing an unfavorable view of the U.S. , four Indians are favorable . By another four-to-one margin , Indians say the U.S. is the world 's leading economic power , not China . By a margin of 21 percentage points , Indians are more favorable to the United States than China . The data should not be surprising . India and the United States have more in common than they have differences . One may be a parliamentary system , the other presidential , but both celebrate and cherish democracy , however chaotic and frustrating it can be . At any given time , nearly 100,000 Indians pursue degrees in the United States . Many of them stay on and contribute to American society and business . Strategically , as Washington competes for influence in Asia with China , it will find a natural ally in New Delhi . Obama 's early rhetoric was spot-on : The two countries share common ideals . But can they share a friendship and nurture it ? Both sides need to take a long , hard look at the world around them and wonder what kind of role they want to play and who can help them do it . As Indians head to the polls Monday to elect a new government , foreign policy is not a campaign issue . It rarely is anywhere . People tend to vote for the things that tangibly impact them : the economy , taxes , infrastructure , education , health care . But whether Indians realize it or not , the next few weeks could offer a chance to rejuvenate a troubled relationship . Whoever India 's next Prime Minister is , he or she has an opportunity to start afresh with the United States . Washington has already opened a door to this , suggesting that Narendra Modi , the current favorite for PM , will be allowed a U.S. visa . Modi was denied one in 2005 for his alleged complicity in Hindu-Muslim riots 12 years ago . More than 1,000 Muslims were killed . Modi was chief minister of Gujarat at the time , the state in which the riots took place . The last time Washington tried to hit the reset button -- with Russia -- things went awry . But the stakes are too high to not try again . If it gets this one right , Obama will be vindicated : This century 's defining alliance may yet be the one between the two biggest democracies in the world .	President Obama predicted U.S.-India friendship would be defining alliance of 21st century India and U.S. have been at odds over Crimea and Iran , says Ravi Agrawal India blames the U.S. for the arrest of diplomat whose nanny complained of exploitation Agrawal : U.S. needs to hit reset button and take advantage of elections to patch up relations
CNN  -- Thousands of Ontario , Canada , residents made do without power Monday in the aftermath of storms that toppled trees and brought down power lines . Meanwhile , residents in the upper Midwest prepared for bitter cold wind chills . More than 300,000 customers remained without electricity Monday across Ontario , including 200,000 in Toronto , officials reported , in the wake of what Mayor Rob Ford called one of the worst ice storms to hit the city . Still , the city was functioning and conditions were "  not even close " to warranting an emergency declaration , he told reporters Monday . Toronto Hydro CEO Anthony Haines said major power lines are being restored at a rate of one every few minutes , but street-to-street work remains , and he could n't offer a guarantee everyone will have power by Christmas . "  My caution continues to be my caution . Let 's really plan for the worst , " Haines said Monday evening . "  I am encouraged in the progress we have made today , obviously , with well over 100,000 customers being restored today . " Ford said 100 trucks from other cities were on their way to Toronto to help restore power to more people . Toronto had opened more than a dozen warming centers some were expecting up to 300 people , officials said . In the United States , areas that had been as warm as the 70s on Sunday began a slide into frigid territory as Canada sent some of that cold air sliding across the eastern United States . Dangerously cold wind chills were on tap in parts of Kansas , Nebraska , South Dakota , North Dakota , Minnesota , Iowa , Missouri and Illinois . Wind chill warnings were posted for parts of Minnesota , warning of of wind chills as low as 45 below zero . Still , the picture was much calmer than over the weekend , when storms left at least 10 people dead . At least five people died in Kentucky floodwaters , two people died in Mississippi storms , and one person died in a traffic accident during Missouri 's severe weather , officials said . A weather-related wreck Saturday near Wichita , Kansas , left one person dead , according to CNN affiliate KWCH-TV . And a tornado Saturday also killed a woman in Arkansas , CNN affiliate KARK-TV in Little Rock reported . The tornado was one of two rated at EF2 to hit the state on Saturday . Northeast : Hot and cold New York City set a record high Sunday at 71 degrees , National Weather Service meteorologist Ashley Sears said . The previous record , set in 1949 and matched in 1998 , was 63 . But temperatures will fall each day until Wednesday , and by Christmas , New York might not even reach the freezing mark . And in northern New England , another round of snow and ice is set for Monday , the National Weather Service said . Southeast : When it rains , it pours Rain was finally tapering off in Georgia , South Carolina and states in the Mid-Atlantic . A wave of cold temperatures will take its place Tuesday . Temperatures will likely be 10 to 15 degrees colder than normal on Christmas Eve and Christmas Day . Midwest : Ice and dangerous wind chills The storms left some Michigan residents dealing with no electricity . Sara Hadley 's family lost power after an ice storm struck her hometown of Lansing . She sent photos of some of the countless icicles in her neighborhood . "  Last time we had ice like this was 1998 , " Hadley told CNN 's iReport . Pacific Northwest : Another storm brewing Coastal and valley rain as well as mountain snow is in the forecast through Tuesday , the service said . Higher elevations could get dumped with 6 to 12 inches of snow . CNN 's Sean Morris , Adam Shivers , Todd Borek , Jareen Imam , Leslie Holland and Janet DiGiacomo contributed to this report .	NEW : Power restored to 100,000 customers in Toronto , electric company official says Blowing snow and dangerous wind chill temperatures will hit the Upper Midwest New York City will get steadily colder after reaching a record-breaking 71 degrees on Sunday
CNN  -- Is the music festival as scene of warm beer , ear-drum-shattering amplification and mud-splattered mayhem under threat ? With Britain 's Eton-educated Conservative prime minister , David Cameron , spotted at Cornbury -- aka Poshstock -- this year , Glastonbury tickets costing upward of $ 300 and yurts and hempseed smoothies present at even the most ordinary events , all the evidence is there . At these popular upscale music and culture fests in Britain  the country seems to specialize in them  and Europe , guests are as well-bred as the organic cows minced up for the burgers , the music avoids topics of social revolution and the booze may be bubbly , but it also tends to be French . Cornbury Music Festival , Oxfordshire , UK "  A homespun melting pot where music-lovers share pies and a glass of champagne with superstars , toffs , rockers , crooners -LSB- and -RSB- Morris dancers . " That 's how Cornbury describes itself . Known as "  poshstock , " especially since British Prime Minister David Cameron was spotted there this year  albeit apparently hiding behind a pair of fake Ray-Ban sunglasses  , the festival places great emphasis on comfort . With accommodation options including yurts  yes , the surprise accommodation hit of the decade has even made it to this bastion of the British establishment  and fully furnished cabins , you feel as if you 're checking into a charming little boutique hotel here , rather than attending a three-day open-air music festival . Yoga workshops are available , should you suffer any back strain catching a glimpse of acts including Van Morrison and The Proclaimers . The VIP tent has plush sofas and a hair salon if you get too out of sorts . Cornbury Music Festival ; every July ; day tickets from # 15  $ 23  ; +44  0  8445810777 Festival No 6 , Portmeirion , Wales "  Your weekend will be spent in the most stylish ... setting imaginable , " declares Festival No 6 -- without modesty , true , but also without too much exaggeration . Held in the achingly  literally , to some  quaint Welsh village of Portmeirion , a purpose-built resort modeled on an Italian village , venues include a ballroom and a "  piazza . " Accommodation ranges from Portmeirion Castle  now , a castle really is n't Glastonbury 1978  to , inevitably , "  luxury yurts . " Among performance highlights at this year 's "  intimate , bespoke banquet of music , arts and culture , " to quote the giddy festival organizers again , are the Brythoniaid Male Voice Choir , travel writer Jan Morris and harpist Georgia Ruth . Festival No 6 ; every September  13-15 in 2013  ; tickets from # 170  $ 265 Aphrodite Festival , Paphos , Cyprus Held in the grounds of the city 's medieval castle , Aphrodite is a global highlight on the opera lover 's calendar . Singers might hit the high notes but you should n't get carried away by all the extravagant emotion depicted in the opera performances -- the prevailing mood here is genteel , just in the way it is n't at , say , the Bloodstock Open Air heavy metal festival in Derbyshire , UK . Highlight of this year 's Aphrodite lineup is the Donizetti opera L'Elisir D'Amore , performed by the Opera Future Verona . Pafos Aphrodite Festival ; every September  6-8 in 2013  ; tickets from $ 25  $ 33 Galtres Festival , North Yorkshire , UK "  We British love our stately homes , " says the 45-year-old director of this Yorkshire event , James Houston . "  Give us a fine tune , a glass of something nice to drink and a posh house , and we 're the happiest folk in the world . " Thus is the posh-festival ethos perfectly articulated . Apart from the venue , Duncombe Park stately home , the culinary approach here is about as starkly different from the lukewarm beer and equally lukewarm food of what some would regard as a properly grimy festival . Everything is resolutely local , seasonal , "  artisan " and Fairtrade , from the tea and cakes from the Deliciousness Tea Shop , to the Full of Beans coffee and the really rather annoyingly titled Boogie Breakfasts . Galtres Festival ; every August  23-25 in 2013  ; tickets from # 20  $ 31 ya Festival , Oslo , Norway The Festival Outlook website calls ya "  boutique , " which sounds about right . You wo n't find soggy burgers , or even organic ones . All forest herbs and fungi , Scandinavian grub is front of the queue for discerning foodies at the moment , and ya shows it off with pretentious elan . Head chef at Oslo 's Michelin-starred Maaemo restaurant , Esben Holmboe Bang is one of the culinary crew keeping hungry -- but picky -- festival-goers happy . The festival venue is a historic Oslo park containing the ruins of a medieval church . True , there 's a camping ground -- but it has a pool and Wi-Fi . With a nod to pre-organic-certified festivals of old , this year 's lineup included graying rockers Blur and Kraftwerk . ya Festival ; every August ; day tickets from 725 kroner  $ 130 Tomorrow Land , Boom , Belgium Held in the aptly named Belgian town of Boom , Tomorrow Land is a three-day dance festival with a difference . No doubt other substances will be consumed to augment the electronic beats , but the food is hugely different from the greasy takeaways that so often accompany a clubbing night out . The pop-up onsite restaurant Maison Bru serves food by the eponymous Michelin-starred Belgian chef Wout Bru ; there 's a festival bakery ; and gluten-free food can be ordered in advance for those sensitive types . Tomorrow Land ; every July ; tickets from $ 82  $ 110 Henley Festival , Henley , UK "  Black ties . Sharp suits . Designer dresses . Generous servings of decadence , garnished with sophistication . " Thus the Henley Festival sets the scene for festival-goers "  in the know . " Or , to put it another way , well off festival-goers . This posh Oxfordshire bash completes the Henley Royal Regatta every year , a rowing race whose entrants and spectators share a good concentration of blue blood . You can spear moules frites and other French delicacies prepared by celebrated father and son chefs Albert and Michel Roux while listening to Madness and the Beach Boys , among other acts . Henley Festival ; every July ; tickets from # 52  $ 80 Verbier Festival , Verbier , Switzerland All pretty evening gowns and penguin suits , this elite classical music event takes place every summer in a little Alpine town in that home of all things pricey , Switzerland . Big ticket performers have included Julian Lloyd Webber , Bryn Terfel and the young Russian classical star Evgeny Kissin . Tapas on slate platters are among the superior servings at two pop-up restaurants . Interval chat could cover limited-edition time pieces and travel -- to other tax havens around the world , that is . You wo n't find many camping enthusiasts here -- where would one hang one 's designer gown ? -- but there are plenty of upscale chalets to rent in the village and around . Verbier Festival ; from July to August each year ; tickets from 50 francs  $ 55 Port Eliot Festival , Cornwall , UK The word "  twee " inevitably suggests itself when describing this festival of music and the arts set in and around yet another stately home . A sample of the non-headbanging performances on show include the poet Luke Wright , gentle satirist of yummy mummies and inbred aristocratic politicians , and a capella versions of pop songs from the 50 Degrees Choir . Exhibits , when you tire of all that noise , have included a collection of dolls owned by various legendary fashion designers . Metallica , watch out ! Port Eliot Festival ; every July ; tickets from # 20  $ 31	Eton-educated British PM David Cameron spotted at "  Poshstock " festival Are mud-splattered headbanger fests under threat ? Yurts and hempseed smoothies among ingredients of these upscale get-togethers Interval chat might include world 's best tax-free havens
CNN  -- A Delaware pediatrician facing 529 felony counts of rape and other sexual offenses involving his young patients waived his right to a jury trial Monday , a court official said . Dr. Earl Bradley told Superior Court Judge William Carpenter Jr. on Monday morning that he did not want his fate decided by a jury of his peers , said Colleen Redmond , a Delaware courts official . He made the announcement at a pretrial hearing at a New Castle County Courthouse in Wilmington . His trial , nonetheless , is set to begin June 1 , according to Delaware Justice Department spokesman Jason P. Miller . Carpenter will be the presiding judge . The pediatrician , who had a practice in Lewes , Delaware , was arrested in December 2009 on charges that include rape , sexual exploitation of a child , endangering child welfare and assault . In March 2010 , Bradley , 56 , pleaded not guilty to 471 felony counts after he was accused of victimizing 103 children : 102 girls and one boy . The next month , the Delaware doctor was indicted on 58 additional counts of rape and other sexual offenses . These related to 24 girls he had as patients between 1999 and 2009 . Delaware Attorney General Beau Biden has said the charges are based on "  video and digital evidence " seized from Bradley 's home and medical practice around the time of his arrest . In addition to Delaware , Bradley has medical licenses in Pennsylvania , New Jersey and Florida . Delaware authorities have said they have contacted officials in those states . In a February 2010 interview with CNN , Bradley 's attorney said that his client 's defense would largely center on his mental condition at the time the crimes are alleged to have occurred . "  Most of the evidence in this case comes from videotapes . It 's kind of hard to argue with videotapes , " Eugene Maurer Jr. said . "  The issue , in this case , is going to come down to his mental health at the time . " CNN 's Devon Sayers contributed to this report .	Dr. Earl Bradley says in a Delaware court that he does n't want a jury trial His trial , nonetheless , is scheduled to begin on June 1 He faces 529 counts of rape and sexual exploitation , among other charges His lawyer has said "  this case is going to come down to his mental health "
Washington  CNN  -- On Saturday he was the comedian-in-chief , cracking jokes with reporters and celebrities at the annual White House Correspondents Dinner . On Sunday he oversaw one of the riskiest special forces operations since Desert One , Jimmy Carter 's ill-fated attempt to rescue the American hostages from Iran more than three decades ago . Barack Obama is n't just the president . He 's the nation 's ultimate multi-tasker , juggling enough roles and responsibilities to make the average person 's head spin . Over the last month and a half , Obama held at least five National Security Council meetings to help plan the assault on Osama bin Laden 's compound . The days in which those meetings were held coincided with , among other things , an education reform speech , two political fundraisers , a discussion with the Japanese prime minister about that country 's nuclear crisis , a long-awaited deficit reduction speech , and two meetings on immigration reform . The day before the last National Security Council meeting -- on April 28 -- the "  birther " controversy came to a head . Obama made a surprise appearance in the White House briefing room to release his long-form birth certificate .  Yes , he actually was born in Hawaii . And in the midst of all the planning , the president cut a deal with congressional Republicans to narrowly avert a government shutdown . He also dealt with a series of devastating storms in the South . Has this always been par for the course at 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue ? Not really , according to Boston University presidential historian Robert Dalleck . The frenetic pace of the presidency is largely a reflection of America 's role as the premier global power in the post-World War II era , Dalleck told CNN . Harry Truman dealt with countless domestic crises during the Korean War ; LBJ tackled the Great Society and civil rights while fighting in Vietnam . But in recent years , he said , the daily pace has accelerated due to the rise of the internet , wireless , and other facets of the communications revolution . There 's a "  kind of blinding rapidity " in which one event quickly overtakes the next , said Dalleck . Our attention -- and that of the president -- is whipped from the latest economic crisis to the newest tornado wreckage to the latest protest or outbreak of violence in the Middle East . Faced with a pressure for constant response , modern administrations face times "  of great pressure and intense demand over a series of compelling issues , " he said . "  Abraham  Lincoln 's burdens were as great as any president will face , " Dallek noted . But the rapid onslaught of information from around the world contributes to "  a different sort of feel now . " Case in point : the execution of Sunday 's mission against bin Laden 's compound . Obama was able to "  monitor the situation in real time , " according to White House counterterrorism adviser John Brennan . That ability "  does speed things up and create a greater sense of pressure , " Dallek said . Dallek questioned whether an older person -- including a more hands-off administrator such as Ronald Reagan -- could adequately function in today 's version of the pressure cooker environment . He or she "  might be overwhelmed , " Dallek said . Among other things , "  you need to have good health . " You also need to be constantly on call . Teddy Roosevelt would "  just disappear as president for months at a time and people did n't know where he was , " noted acclaimed Rice University historian Douglas Brinkley . If Obama were to disappear for 15 minutes , people "  would freak out . " Current times are not "  uniquely oppressive , " Brinkley noted , drawing a contrast with the divisions of the 1960s and the generations that fought World War II and the Civil War , Brinkley said . But globalization and the interconnectedness of the modern age -- while increasing the flow of information -- have contributed to an overarching sense of "  frustration and fear " that the administration is now confronting . Wendy Schiller , a Brown University political scientist , noted that every president since Eisenhower has recognized the need for an executive office equipped to handle "  a wide range of issues quickly and responsibly . " Ike "  laid the foundation for the West Wing infrastructure of expertise that we see now working for Obama  constantly  , and that infrastructure gives presidents the capacity " to adapt quickly on a broad range of issues . "  The key challenge for presidents in the 21st century is knowing when to respond immediately and knowing when to take their time to manage a given situation , " Schiller said . "  It is not just that Obama has been involved in such a broad range of issues and activities . It is that he has handled them each differently and appropriately , " she asserted . The president 's speech late Sunday night "  reinforced an image of a man -- as commander-in-chief -- who knows how to prioritize the nation 's interests , " she said . Schiller argued that the "  24/7 news media and now social media puts far greater pressure on presidents for an immediate response or reaction to national and world events because voters learn about  developments  much more quickly than they used to . " But while the "  informational time gap between the president and the voters has narrowed considerably ... . the president incurs the same costs for reacting rashly or impatiently as his predecessors did in eras of slower technology , " she warned . Does she agree with Dallek 's assertion that an older person might be overwhelmed by the nature of the modern presidency ? Schiller did n't say , but she did offer a quote from Alexander Hamilton : "  Energy in the executive is a leading character in the definition of good government . " Twenty-first century presidents , she said , must have that energy "  in all senses of the word . " Above all , "  be sane , " Dallek concluded . "  That 's the watchword . "	NEW : Douglas Brinkley says modern times are not "  uniquely oppressive " Obama dealt with a number of high-stakes issues in the run-up to Sunday 's raid Robert Dallek questions whether an older president could cope with today 's burdens Political scientist Wendy Schiller says the 24/7 media is forcing more rapid responses
London  CNN  -- Prince William is to be deployed next February to the Falkland Islands in his role as a search and rescue pilot , the British Ministry of Defence said Thursday . He will be one of four Royal Air Force pilots to be sent to the lonely , windswept military base , the air force said in a statement . The deployment is part of the normal crew rotation for the air force and will form part of his training and career progression , the statement said . The air force provides 24-hour search and rescue cover year-round from the base . William , whose marriage in April to Catherine , Duchess of Cambridge , was watched by millions around the world , qualified as a search and rescue pilot in September last year . He has been flying Sea King helicopters for the Royal Air Force from a base in Anglesey , Wales . Prince Andrew , the Duke of York , opened the Mount Pleasant base to which his nephew will be deployed over two decades ago . Living conditions are said to be basic and isolated . William will need to be back in Britain in time to help with preparations for the Queen 's Diamond Jubilee -- marking 60 years since she took the throne -- to be celebrated next June . His deployment will be seen as somewhat sensitive , coming 30 years after Britain and Argentina went to war over the Falklands . Known as Las Malvinas in Argentina , the islands lie off the South American country 's coast in the South Atlantic and have been under British rule since 1833 . Argentina invaded the Falklands in 1982 , prompting a war in which more than 600 Argentinean and 255 British military personnel died . Britain retained control of the islands after the war .	NEW : Prince William is being sent as part of a normal crew rotation , the military says He is a qualified search and rescue pilot for the Royal Air Force The islands are the subject of dispute with Argentina , which calls them the Malvinas Britain and Argentina went to war over the islands in 1982
Cairo  CNN  -- Prosecutors presented evidence at a hearing this week for three Al Jazeera English journalists accused of terrorist activity in Egypt , but they did little to explain why everyday broadcast equipment and the defendants ' personal belongings would implicate them in any crime . The three journalists at this second hearing are among 20 defendants authorities have charged with crimes ; the Qatar-based Al Jazeera says only eight have worked for the network . The trial has drawn international condemnation from human rights groups , who say the arrests indicate authorities in Egypt are stifling dissent and freedom of the press . The case comes amid a crackdown on the Muslim Brotherhood after the ouster of Egypt 's first democratically elected president , Mohamed Morsy . The accused have denied the allegations against them , with the journalists saying they were simply doing their jobs . Detained Al Jazeera journalists appear in court as trial opens In what was at times a bizarre and confused proceeding Wednesday , a lead investigator took the stand as the state 's first witness but refused to answer several questions , saying he could not divulge a secret government source . At one point the witness told the court he could not remember certain details of his investigation . "  What we saw in court today was ridiculous , " said Adel Fahmy , brother of jailed Al Jazeera English producer Mohamed Fahmy . "  It showed that the government has no case and these journalists are innocent . " Fahmy , producer Baher Mohamed and award-winning correspondent Peter Greste , an Australian , were arrested December 29 at a Cairo hotel room and later charged with joining a terrorist organization , broadcasting false information and working in Egypt without permits . The three have been denied bail and kept in detention for more than two months . Among the evidence the state claims to have is video of news reports , allegedly fabricated by the Al Jazeera journalists . Fahmy 's defense attorney demanded for the reports to be viewed in court and complained the court did not have the equipment necessary to show the video . He also questioned the credibility of statements written by state witnesses because the wording of each was identical . Wednesday 's proceeding drew sharp criticism and mocking statements on social media from journalists covering the trial . "  Watching judge unseal a steady stream of evidence , often having to use his pen or a lighter , was farcical . This trial is a huge embarrassment , " tweeted Cairo-based freelance journalist Louisa Loveluck . Throughout the hearing , the defendants were kept in a caged dock steps away from their family members . On several occasions , the judge gave them permission to address the court . "  I would never betray my country , " Fahmy told the court . From inside the cage , Greste told reporters he was angry "  that we spent two months in prison for such flimsy evidence . " The trial was adjourned until March 24 .	"  What we saw in court today was ridiculous , " brother of one accused journalist says Trial of Al Jazeera English journalists accused of terrorist activity adjourned till late March Lead investigator declines to answer questions , says he ca n't divulge secret source Trial has drawn international condemnation from human rights groups
CNN  -- No drawn butter will ever touch Fiona 's tail . She 's an extremely rare , seven-year-old "  yellow " lobster . Fiona 's colorful hue makes her a one-in-30 million rarity . Fiona belongs to Nathan Nickerson , the owner of Arnold 's Lobster and Clam Bar in Eastham , Massachusetts , who has been in the restaurant business for 32 years . The special lobster was caught off the coast of eastern Canada last week by a friend of Nickerson . "  In 57 years in Cape Cod , I have never seen a yellow lobster and I doubt that I will ever see one again , " he said Thursday . Experts say Fiona 's colorful appearance makes her one in 30 million . Fiona 's not really yellow , but more of a bright orange , She 's not quite the red color your typical lobster looks after it 's been cooked . Nickerson has plans for his new ocean-dwelling friend , but it has nothing to do with the boiling pot . He said he 'll keep the 1.75-pound crustacean in a viewing tank at his restaurant , hoping to draw in a few extra customers . CNN 's Samuel Gardner contributed to this story .	Rare "  yellow " lobster making waves at Massachusetts restaurant Fiona was caught off coast of eastern Canada , given to restaurant owner Her colorful appearance makes her 1 in 30 million rarity Owner has no cooking plans for Fiona
CNN  -- The Atlanta Braves are one step closer to moving away from Atlanta . A crucial vote passed Tuesday night , which directs $ 300 million in taxpayer dollars to the development , and paves the way for the Braves move from downtown Atlanta to the northern suburbs , the Cobb County Commission said . This vote comes just two weeks and a day after the Braves made the stunning announcement that the team was moving from downtown Atlanta . At that time , the team said that beginning in 2017 , it will no longer play at Turner Field . It is building a new stadium in Cobb County up the highway to the northwest , where two major interstates -- I-75 and I-285 -- meet . "  We are extremely excited that our address will still be Atlanta and so will the name across our jersey , " the team said in an announcement . The location is just outside Atlanta 's city limits . He vowed the new stadium site "  will be one of the most magnificent in all of baseball . It will thrive with action 365 days a year . " The Braves say the stadium will cost $ 672 million to build . Atlanta Mayor Kasim Reed had said he tried to negotiate with the Braves to keep them in Atlanta , but ultimately the price became too high . "  We are simply unwilling to match that with taxpayer dollars , " Reed said . "  So we wish the Braves well knowing the city of Atlanta has much to be proud of . "	The Atlanta Braves will leave Turner Field in 2017 , moving to Cobb County Turner Field needs major upgrades , team president says The team promises a "  magnificent " new stadium will "  thrive " all year long
More than 100 undocumented children without families were expected to arrive in Arizona from south Texas on Sunday as part of a federal transport of underage immigrants to the state by the Department of Homeland Security , a spokesman said . Last week , nearly 1,000 "  unaccompanied alien children " had already arrived in Tucson and Phoenix from places like McAllen and El Paso , Texas , as part of a resettlement process of the minors , most of whom come from Central America , to their native countries . Unlike a Mexican immigrant who arrives to the United States , a Central American immigrant can not be processed as quickly because of proximity to their native country . Homeland Security is prohibited from immediately deporting the children if they are not from Canada or Mexico , causing the backlog of immigrants in U.S. detention centers . Facilities in Texas were at or near capacity for the immigrants because of a "  record increase in underage migrants , " which led to the transfer of hundreds to Arizona , a spokesman said . Although children crossing the border alone has long been an issue , the recent spike could be attributed to better weather or worsening economic conditions in their home countries , officials said . Others simply want to be reunited with their parents , who may have left them with relatives in their native countries . Separate from unaccompanied children being sent to the state , family groups were also being sent by the federal government to Arizona , a process that has outraged Arizona lawmakers , including Gov. Jan Brewer . She released a statement Friday saying that DHS was transporting "  thousands of illegal aliens and releasing them at bus stations in Tucson and Phoenix . " "  I am disturbed and outraged that President Obama 's administration continues to implement this dangerous and inhumane policy , meanwhile neglecting to answer crucial questions our citizens demand and deserve , " Brewer wrote . "  Not only does the federal government have no plan to stop this disgraceful policy , it also has no plan to deal with the endless waves of illegal aliens once they are released here , " Brewer added . As of late last week , Immigration and Customs Enforcement was no longer releasing "  large family groups " at the bus stops in Arizona , a DHS spokesman said , but children under age 17 are continuing to be transferred to the state . "  The situation with the kids are they came by themselves , they have no relatives here , and the consulates ca n't keep up . They 're in limbo . There 's no one  back home  to deport them to , " a DHS spokesman told CNN . Raising a larger humanitarian concern are the conditions to which the immigrant children are arriving . A facility in Nogales , Arizona , with capacity for about 1,500 , does not have enough food or beds to accommodate the current demand , a spokesman said . There are currently no showers for the immigrants , either , but those were expected to be in place by Tuesday , according to a spokesman . "  The Nogales processing center is equipped and used for processing apprehended individuals . The Tucson Sector has secured additional services such as a Health and Human Services medical screening area , additional bedding , shower areas and laundry facilities . Vendors have been contracted to provide nutritional meals , FEMA will be providing counseling services and recreational activities , " U.S. Customs and Border Protection said in a statement . "  Upon completion of CBP processing ... custody determinations will be made on a case-by-case basis , " the statement said . The record spike in migrants coming from Central America and crossing into the United States via Mexico is not expected to slow down , a spokesman told CNN . More than 60,000 unaccompanied juveniles are expected to cross in 2014 , said Chris Cabrera , vice president of the National Border Patrol Council in the Rio Grande Valley , a U.S. Border Patrol workers union . "  We are seeing numbers that we 've never seen before in this part of the country , " Cabrera told CNN last month . "  Yesterday , we had 60 minors in one station alone . You 're talking kids from 17 years old , on down to some that are 5 or 6 years old , traveling by themselves . " Last year , roughly 10 % of people caught by Border Patrol agents were minors , according to a Border Patrol official . States work around Obamacare to help undocumented immigrants New federal guidelines ban schools from conducting immigration checks on kids Border showdown : Families demand U.S. entry to reunite with relatives	The number of undocumented children has spiked , straining Texas centers Homeland Security has transferred nearly 1,000 youngsters to Arizona facilities Better weather , worsening economies in Central America may be factors Arizona Gov. Jan Brewer objects to earlier family group transfers to her state
Zintan , Libya  CNN  -- Libyan rebels said Monday they remain in control of a key western town they seized from Moammar Gadhafi forces Saturday , although clashes continued just east of it . The Libyan government said earlier its forces had retaken Bir al-Ghanam but Jumma Ibrahim , a rebel spokesman in the western mountain region , said the claims were false . Rebel commander Nasser abu al Qassem told CNN Monday that the rebels are holding firm on the town 's eastern outskirts , squaring off against loyalists just a few miles away at a key road junction the rebels hope to take in the days ahead . He reported regular exchanges of fire between the two sides . The rebels entered Bir al-Ghanam in June but only held it for a matter of hours . Capturing the town puts the rebels closer to Tripoli than they 've been before . The town is about 85 kilometers  53 miles  southwest of the Libyan capital . Meanwhile , bombs rained down on Tripoli overnight , the sky lit up by explosives . Multiple airstrikes and secondary explosions could be heard continuously for the better part of an hour . Entire neighborhoods of the city were already without electricity -- due to shortages of fuel -- prior to the pre-dawn strikes . Parts of Tripoli have been suffering for days from such blackouts . Gadhafi 's forces fired several rockets Sunday in Bir al-Ghanam , causing minor damage inside the town but no rebel injuries , al Qassem said . He reported no further rocket attacks so far Monday . Al Qassem said NATO forces had informed the rebels that the Gadhafi forces included up to 40 trucks outfitted with heavy weapons , and rebel forces had reinforced their positions Sunday and overnight into Monday . He was confident the rebel lines would hold and said there had been no concerted effort so far by the government troops to try to re-take Bir al-Ghanam . The battle to take Bir al-Ghanam lasted for nearly five hours Saturday and was fought on three fronts . CNN witnessed heavy rocket , mortar and anti aircraft gun fire from the rebel side at one front near a Gadhafi military encampment three kilometres west of the town . Gadhafi forces returned fire with rockets and mortars . Commanders said taking the junction where Gadhafi forces remain east of the town would provide a direct route to the coastal city of Azzawayia . They told CNN they would n't reveal a timetable to move further forward , but said there would be "  surprises from the fighters of Zintan very soon . For months , rebel fighters -- who control the eastern city of Benghazi and other areas -- have been trying to move closer to the capital . They are seeking the ouster of Gadhafi , who has ruled Libya for 42 years . CNN 's Ivan Watson contributed to this report from Tripoli .	NEW : NATO jets strike Tripoli hard NEW : A rebel spokesman says government claims regarding a key town are false The government had said Gadhafi 's forces had retaken the town Rebels said they are holding firm
CNN  -- Chinese basketball star Yao Ming has suffered a fresh injury setback which could place his NBA career in jeopardy . The seven-time All-Star has a stress fracture in his left ankle , his Houston Rockets team announced on its website . Yao , 30 , has been sidelined since November 10 after playing just five games in the current NBA campaign . The giant 7ft 6  2.29 meters  center also sat out all of last season after fracturing a bone in his left foot and undergoing major surgery . The Rockets said his stress fracture is related to the previous injury and was discovered by an MRI scan after problems emerged during his rehabilitation program . "  There is no timetable for his return at this time , " said the statement . Yao averaged 10.2 points and 5.4 rebounds a game in his five games this season for the Rockets , whose playoff hopes have been dented by his absence . Yao was the first pick in the 2002 NBA draft and has built up a reputation as one of its leading players during his career at Houston . A national hero in China , Yao has represented his country in the 2004 and 2008 Olympics , helping them to the quarterfinals on each occasion . He carried China 's flag at the opening ceremony for the 2004 Games in Athens .	Chinese basketball star Yao Ming sidelined by stress fracture to left ankle Houston Rockets star has played just five games in two NBA seasons Yao previously broke a bone in his left foot in injury-plagued career At 2.29 m he is the tallest player in the NBA
CNN  -- The mother of Kenneth Bae has left North Korea "  more anxious than ever " to bring her imprisoned and ailing son home . In a statement she released Tuesday , Myunghee Bae said she was able to visit her son three times and was relieved to see his health was improving . "  I was happy to see him and to hold him , but it broke my heart to leave him behind , " she said . "  I am more anxious than ever to bring him home . His year-long imprisonment has taken a heavy toll not only on Kenneth but on the whole family ; every day the pain and anxiety continue to carve a deep scar on all of our hearts . " Earlier this year , Bae , a Korean-American , was sentenced to 15 years in a North Korean labor camp for what the government called "  hostile acts . " His family had not been able to see him for almost a year since his November 3 arrest in North Korea . Myunghee Bae , of Lynwood , Washington , said that she pleaded with the North Korean authorities to let her visit her son , and expressed gratitude for granting permission . She arrived late last week , with the goal of encouraging her son who has become ill , according to a website dedicated to Kenneth Bae 's freedom . In a prison interview released in July , Kenneth Bae had spoken of health problems including diabetes , high blood pressure , fatty liver and a back problem . He looked noticeably thinner and wore a blue prison garment streaked with sweat and dirt . His family say he has lost more than 50 pounds . "  My heart was broken into pieces when his prison interview was released on July 3 , " said his mother , in an earlier statement . "  His appearance was very shocking , he looked so different , and he lost so much weight . I could not believe that prisoner was my son . " Bae was moved to a hospital for serious health problems , his sister , Terri Chung had told CNN in August . In previous interviews , Chung has said that her brother suffers from health problems including severe back and leg pain , kidney stones , dizziness , blurred vision and loss of vision . He was already dealing with diabetes . His family and friends have asked North Korea for mercy and the United States for help in securing his release . U.S. officials have repeatedly called on North Korea to release Bae . In August , the two countries appeared close , but North Korea rescinded an invitation to a U.S. envoy . Ambassador Robert King , President Barack Obama 's special envoy for North Korean human rights issues , had been expected to fly to Pyongyang to try to win his freedom . In previous instances , North Korea has released Americans in its custody after a visit by some U.S. dignitary -- in recent cases , former Presidents Jimmy Carter and Bill Clinton . Bae was arrested last year after arriving as a tourist in Rason City , a port in the northeastern corner of North Korea . His sister says that Bae is the owner of a tour company and was in North Korea for work . The North Korean government accuses Bae of setting up bases in China for the purpose of "  toppling " the North Korean government , encouraging North Korean citizens to bring down the government and conducting a "  malignant smear campaign . " The country 's state media also says that Bae had planned what it called a "  Jericho operation " to bring down North Korea through religious activities . They have suggested that Bae could have been sentenced to death , but avoided it through "  candid confession of his crimes . " "  I plead with our government to do everything in their power to secure my son 's release soon , " Myunghee Bae said Tuesday .	Myunghee Bae said she was able to visit her son three times Bae has been sentenced to 15 years in North Korean labor camp His mother says she was alarmed by her son 's appearance in a July prison interview
Iran on Saturday welcomed the rescue of 13 Iranian sailors by a U.S. Navy ship , calling it a "  humanitarian act . " The sailors were on a fishing boat that had been hijacked by pirates in the Arabian Sea , near the Strait of Hormuz . According to the Navy , a helicopter from the destroyer USS Kidd spotted a suspect pirate boat alongside the Iranian vessel on Thursday . The destroyer is part of the USS John Stennis Strike Group , which moved into the Arabian Sea from the Persian Gulf last week . As the helicopter spotted the suspect pirate ship , the Kidd received a distress call from the fishing boat 's captain , saying pirates were holding him and his crew captive . A team from the Kidd boarded the vessel , took 15 suspected pirates into custody , and freed 13 Iranian hostages , the Navy said . A spokesman for Iran 's Foreign Ministry , Ramin Mehmanparast , had positive words about the rescue when he spoke Saturday to the Arabic news network Al-Alam . "  Rescuing Iranian sailors by the U.S. was a humanitarian act and we welcome such acts , " he said . "  The Iranian Navy also engages in such rescue operations . It is the responsibility of all nations to rescue nationals from other countries from pirates . " The carrier strike group 's presence in the Persian Gulf had drawn the ire of Iranian military officials , who said the United States should not send any more warships into the Gulf . Iranian Brig. Gen. Ahmad Vahidi said "  there is no need " for countries outside of the region to have a presence there . "  Their presence does nothing but create mayhem , " Vahidi said , according to the semi-official Fars News Agency . The suspected pirates , mostly Somalis , were taken to the Stennis to be held until a decision is made about prosecution , Pentagon spokesman Capt. John Kirby said Friday . Pirates hijacked the fishing vessel , the Al Molai , 40 to 45 days ago , U.S. Naval Forces Central Command said in a statement . The crew was "  held hostage , with limited rations and we believe were forced against their will to assist the pirates with other piracy operations , " according to the statement . The Navy team provided food , water and medical care to both the suspected pirates and the Al Molai 's crew after securing the ship and ensuring everyone was safe , said Josh Schminky , a Navy Criminal Investigative Service agent aboard the Kidd . The crew had "  been through a lot , " he said , adding , "  We went out of our way to treat the fishing crew with kindness and respect . " Defense Secretary Leon Panetta on Friday congratulated the strike group commander , Rear Adm. Craig Faller , and his team on the rescue , saying they did the right thing . "  When we get a distress signal , we 're going to respond . That 's the nature of what our country is all about , " Panetta said , according to Pentagon spokesman George Little .	The destroyer USS Kidd rescued 13 Iranian sailors Thursday The sailors had been held captive by suspected pirates Iran calls the rescue a "  humanitarian act "
Belfast , Northern Ireland  CNN  -- Violence continued early Friday in mainly Catholic districts of Northern Ireland after protests began on Thursday , the main day of the annual Protestant marching season . The Police Service of Northern Ireland said "  at least 10 gunshots " were fired at police lines in the nationalist Brompton Park area of Belfast 's Ardoyne district at 12.30 a.m. Friday . Police said no-one had been wounded . Officers were also attacked with pipe bombs during the disorder , police said . Police said they were working with community representatives to restore order . Problems began Thursday in Ardoyne after a parade by the Orange Order . The march passed without a major incident , but there was tension between pro-Irish and pro-British groups as they staged rival demonstrations . Both sides hurled stones and other objects , police said . Officers were wounded in an attack from pro-Irish youths throwing petrol bombs , fireworks and bricks . The Police Service said the officers ' injuries were "  not life-threatening . " More than 20 officers were injured , although none very seriously , police said . "  A large number of petrol bombs have been thrown at police . Two arrests have been made at this stage , although this number is expected to rise in the coming days as police continue with their evidence gathering operation , " a police statement said . The police also said several vehicles were set on fire and pushed at police lines . Riot police used water cannon and plastic bullets to bring the crowd under control . Sporadic violence continued for several hours . Police also reported minor clashes in a Protestant district beside Catholic Ardoyne . British loyalists there threw bricks and bottles at police . Assistant Chief Constable Will Kerr , the officer in charge of the policing operation in Belfast , condemned the attacks on police . "  I am angry we have this annual madness when it seems that people think the peacekeepers are a legitimate target , " he said Friday . He added that a "  significant number " of arrests would be made to ensure those involved in the violence "  are placed before the courts and answer for those actions . " In a statement Thursday he said police were "  dealing with significant disorder " and urged calm in the area . There was also disorder in the Northern Ireland city of Londonderry , or Derry , as many residents call it . Police said petrol bombs were thrown at officers in the Bogside area , the scene of the Bloody Sunday killings by British soldiers in 1972 . Vehicles were also set alight in Derry , and a public bus was hijacked and burned in Craigavon , County Armagh . Six men aged 18 to 34 have been charged with public order offenses during disturbances in Belfast on Wednesday night .	NEW : More than 20 officers hurt , two people arrested after an Orange Order parade in Belfast NEW : "  I am angry we have this annual madness , " says police chief in Belfast Pro-Irish and pro-British groups hurled objects as they staged rival demonstrations , police say British loyalists and police clash in a Protestant district beside Catholic Ardoyne
The threat to release nude photos of actress Emma Watson was an attempt to start a viral marketing campaign to shutter the site 4chan . After her impassioned speech for gender equality last weekend at the United Nations , Watson faced backlash , including a threat to leak alleged nude photos of the star . Business Insider reported that an anonymous 4chan user had posted a countdown timer with a picture of the "  Harry Potter " actress wiping away a tear hinting that she could become the next star to have her iCloud hacked and personal photos dispersed for the world to see . Jennifer Lawrence , Kim Kardashian and Gabrielle Union are among the celebrities recently to have private , intimate photos splashed across the Internet . The 4chan site is where the hacked , nude photos of these other female stars initially appeared . On Wednesday , the site mentioned in the anonymous user 's posting , EmmaYouAreNext.com , was redirecting to the company Rantic Marketing with the message #ShutDown4chan . "  Join us as we shutdown 4chan and prevent more private pictures from being leaked , " a message on the site says . "  None of these women deserve this and together we can make a change . " There is also a letter to President Barack Obama that reads , "  We have been hired by celebrity publicists to bring this disgusting issue to attention . The recent 4chan celebrity nude leaks in the past 2 months have been an invasion of privacy and is also clear indication that the internet NEEDS to be censored . Every Facebook like , share & Twitter mention will count as a social signature -- and will be one step closer to shutting down www.4chan.org . " Visitors to the site are offered a link to send the letter to the White House . Rantic bills itself on its site as "  a social media marketing enterprise that has participated in some of the most viral campaigns and music videos . " So far there is no evidence that nude pictures of Watson actually exist ; 4chan , the online message board , has become known as a place where pranksters previously have posted hoaxes . Writing for The Washington Post , Soraya Nadia McDonald tied the threat , as well as false Internet reports that Watson had died , to "  a long history of this sort of bullying aimed at women on the Internet , especially feminists . " "  It 's just the latest in a long history of online efforts to intimidate , belittle , threaten and cow women into hiding and shutting up -- the message , of course , being , if you dare to do or say something we do n't like , we 'll expose you in return , " McDonald wrote . Watson 's speech , delivered Saturday as part of her role as a goodwill ambassador for U.N. Women , drew attention for her poignant remarks about the need for equality and for men to embrace feminism . "  If men do n't have to be aggressive in order to be accepted , women wo n't feel compelled to be submissive , " she said . "  If men do n't have to control , women wo n't have to be controlled . Both men and women should feel free to be sensitive . Both men and women should feel free to be strong . ... It is time that we all perceive gender on a spectrum , not as two opposing sets of ideals . " Opinion : Emma Watson gives feminism new life	Site urges shutting down of 4chan , where other stars ' nude photos appeared Report had said someone was threatening to release nude photos of Emma Watson There is no evidence that such photos of the actress exist Watson gave an impassioned speech about feminism at the U.N.
Santiago , Chile  CNN  -- Much of Chile was in the dark Sunday after a blackout knocked out power to 90 percent of the country , CNN 's sister network in the country reported . The blackout was caused by an overheated transformer in the Bio Bio area , the country 's minister of energy , Ricardo Rainien , told CNN Chile . Rainien said crews were slowly restoring power , and he expected electricity to be fully restored by midnight Sunday . Subway service was also affected , CNN Chile said , but all passengers had been evacuated from stopped trains as of Sunday night . Government officials were asking residents to stay calm and remain in their houses until power is restored . The blackout comes two weeks after a massive 8.8-magnitude earthquake struck the country , killing more than 500 people . Aftershocks as high as magnitude 7.2 continue to disrupt recovery efforts . iReporters recovering after the quake Rainien said that another blackout is possible because of the weakened electrical system following the quake .	Blackout was caused by an overheated transformer in the Bio Bio area , official says Government asks residents to stay calm and remain in homes until power is restored . Official : Another blackout possible because quake weakened Chile 's electrical grid
CNN  -- More than 100 police officers and others were searching Friday in a southeastern Louisiana parish for a murder suspect who escaped from jail with three other inmates , a law enforcement official said . Timothy Murray , 29 , who is charged with murder , remains at large , authorities in Louisiana say . Searchers are still focusing inside St. Tammany Parish , on the northern shore of Lake Pontchartrain , 30 miles north of New Orleans , said Capt. George Bonnett of the St. Tammany Parish Sheriff 's Office . At large is Timothy Murray , 29 , who is charged with murder , Bonnett said . Authorities believe Murray may have been injured during the escape , but Bonnett would n't elaborate . The inmates escaped about 9 p.m. Thursday from the St. Tammany Parish Jail in Covington , Bonnett said . As many as 250 sheriff 's deputies , Covington police officers , Louisiana State police and corrections officials were involved in the search overnight , using dogs , two helicopters and thermal-imaging equipment loaned from Livingston Parish , Bonnett said . The other three men were found about 1:30 a.m. Friday in a wooded area about a mile from the jail , he said . Three of the inmates were awaiting trial ; one already had been convicted , Bonnett said . The captured inmates were Gary Slaydon , 27 ; Eric Buras , 30 , and Jason Gainey , 27 . Slaydon is charged with attempted murder . Buras is a murder suspect and Gainey has been convicted of murder , Bonnett said . He said the escape was not discovered until a resident and Covington police reported seeing what appeared to be inmates in jail uniforms walking down a street . About the time those calls came in , jailers were doing a routine head count and found the four men missing , Bonnett said . He said the means of escape was under investigation , but it has been determined that their escape was n't due to human error . He repeated what St. Tammany Parish Sheriff Jack Strain said early Friday : "  Four inmates were able to defeat the structure of the maximum security area of our jail . " Deputies have canvassed neighborhoods , going door to door to warn residents that an inmate is still at large .	Four inmates escape from jail in St. Tammany Parish , Louisiana Three found in area near jail north of New Orleans , official says Man charged with murder remains at large , official says Deputies canvassing neighborhoods in hunt for escapee
CNN  -- Last month , the Polish city of Krakow joined the likes of Dublin and Edinburgh to become the latest Unesco City of Literature . Most people could probably name a Scottish or Irish author , but how about a Polish one ? Readers who are not Polish or of Polish descent face a few obstacles to opening the rich and different world of Polish literature . Firstly , Poland is not a world player , and we tend to become interested in a country 's culture only when it is a global power or a real or possible threat to us . Secondly there is the spelling and pronouncing of names . We can handle the Russian transliteration of Gregory as Grigory . But the Polish for Gregory , alas , is Grzegorz . All those z 's .  I played Scrabble with a friend in Warsaw : a player gets one point for a Z. Obstacle three is that the jewel in the crown of Polish literature is its poetry , and unfortunately poetry is what usually gets lost in translation  though the translations have been improving  . However it 's worth facing and overcoming these obstacles , because the Polish way of looking at the world has plenty to teach us . If Polish literature began in the Renaissance it blossomed in mid-19th century Romanticism . The Shakespeare of Polish Romanticism was the poet Adam Mickiewicz . His "  Pan Tadeusz , " a novel in verse , restores a lost world through the magic of art . There is dalliance , swordplay , music , a hunt -- but even a humble vegetable patch delights . Fast forward to the 20th century and Polish poetry and drama took a turn towards the avant-garde . The poetry had been remarkable from the beginning , but Cyprian Norwid , a contemporary of Emily Dickinson  his verse is strikingly similar to her quiet , difficult lyricism  , showed the way to modern understatement . Check out Zbigniew Herbert and Poland 's Nobel laureate Wisawa Szymborska . Absurdism and dark humor are Polish specialties and appear in the playful stories and novels of Witold Gombrowicz . Lovers of science fiction should know Stanisaw Lem . A Krakw native , Lem became internationally known for "  Solaris , "  which gave rise to two films , one by Andrei Tarkovsky and a Hollywood version by Steven Soderbergh  , satirical fantasy "  The Cyberiad , " and essays on humanity and future technology . His work is marked by fun , pain , and a probing intelligence . READ MORE : Poland 's tangible heritage All these poets , playwrights , novelists , and essayists write about the human condition , but there has always been a political element to most Polish literature ; a consequence of growing up in a country with a history of partition and repeated defeat . Poland was a major European power during the 17th and 18th centuries . However weak kings and lack of organization led to a political vacuum and the country ceased to exist without a fight in 1795 when Prussia , Austria , and Russia divided it up among themselves . Poland did not exist again as a state until after World War I . During that long period of nationlessness , poets and novelists strove to preserve Polish identity at home and abroad . Soldiers fought in other lands , hoping to make a future Poland possible ; and young men periodically sacrificed themselves in uprisings that were crushed  1830 , 1848 , 1863  . Poles became known for their idealism , their valor in the face of overwhelming odds , their splendid if suicidal recklessness , their patriotism , and -- understandably , given that over and over again this patriotism proved futile -- for their cynicism . The 20th century added another shadow to the Polish mind : the Holocaust ; before World War II , Poland had the largest Jewish community in Europe . Poland fought with the Allies but "  in reward "  a Polish smile of irony here  had to spend the next fifty years behind the Iron Curtain . Irony is not unique to Polish writers but they are masters of it . It 's telling that an American writer much loved in Poland today is Philip K. Dick , who felt that the world was against him . I offer an emblematic moment in Polish literature . A much loved author to Poles is Henryk Sienkiewicz . In "  With Fire and Sword , " a historical novel set in the mid-17th century , the soldier Longinus Podbipita reminds us of Don Quixote . He has taken a vow of chastity and he may not pursue the object of his affections until he has cut off three enemy heads with a single blow of his enormous Crusader 's sword . He manages that but then , without hesitation , offers himself up to martyrdom . The mix of humor , bitterness , and religious faith : very Polish . Michael Kandel received his PhD in Slavic at Indiana University . He works as an editor for the Modern Language Association . For Words without Borders he recently translated , from Polish , "  Balm of a Long Farewell , " by Marek Huberath .	Get over the tricky spelling and Polish literature has plenty to offer , says editor and author Michael Kandel Polish science fiction writer Stanislaw Lem inspired many , with his ` Solaris ' twice made into a film Wisawa Szymborska was awarded the Nobel Prize in Literature in 1996 Irony , dark humor and faith are all common themes in Polish literature
CNN  -- A bond hearing is scheduled for Friday in the case of George Zimmerman , the neighborhood watch volunteer who fatally shot 17-year-old Trayvon Martin in Florida , the court said Wednesday . The new judge in the case , Kenneth Lester Jr. , will preside , according to the Eighteenth Judicial Circuit . The previous judge in the case approved a motion Wednesday to disqualify her after it was revealed that her husband works with a CNN legal analyst who has commented on the case . Seminole Circuit Judge Jessica Recksiedler said in her decision that while the findings on each basis were "  legally insufficient " for disqualification , "  the cumulative effect of the events and the totality of the circumstances provides a legally sufficient basis for this court to grant the motion to disqualify , " a statement from the court said . New judge ` no soft touch ' This week , Recksiedler is on temporary assignment from the Florida Supreme Court and is hearing oral arguments at the Fifth District Court of Appeal in Daytona Beach , court spokeswoman Michelle Kennedy said in a statement Tuesday . Wednesday 's order directed the case to be returned to the chief judge for reassignment , who in turn ordered that Lester be appointed to preside over the Zimmerman case . Zimmerman , 28 , fatally shot Martin in Sanford , Florida , on February 26 , a killing he has said was in self-defense . The case has stirred civil rights activists nationwide and drawn intense publicity . The city of Sanford has scheduled a community meeting at 6:30 p.m. Thursday at a church to provide members of the public an opportunity to discuss the incident , according to the Sanford mayor 's office . Mayor Jeff Triplett will be among officials attending , the office said . Case divides Sanford Recksiedler said last week that she would entertain motions to disqualify her from the trial because her husband is a law partner of Mark NeJame 's . Zimmerman approached NeJame about representing him . NeJame is now a CNN contributor , providing analysis on this case . NeJame said Zimmerman "  contacted my office , attempting to reach me , and wanted to hire me to represent him " on March 13 . One of his law partners relayed that request to NeJame , who declined . He explained later that he knew how taking on "  big national cases  can  take a lot out of you " and wanted to have more time to spend with his children . "  I decided simply not to , " the Orlando lawyer said . NeJame acknowledged Tuesday , "  it 's an appearance of a conflict , an appearance of an impropriety " for Recksiedler to preside over the case . But he said he thought she did nothing improper by waiting for a request from attorneys instead of offering to recuse herself first . "  I do n't think she did anything out of the ordinary for this extraordinary situation , " he said . Meanwhile , media organizations , including CNN , petitioned Recksiedler Monday to reverse an order sealing court records in Zimmerman 's prosecution . Prosecutors did not object when Zimmerman 's attorneys asked Recksiedler to seal records last week . The judge ordered the court filings and other records sealed "  without giving the public and press an opportunity to oppose closure , " the media said in its motion . Florida law requires a judge to consider whether the records closure is needed to "  prevent a serious and imminent threat " to justice , the media members argued . The court must also find that there is no alternative to sealing the records that would provide a fair trial and that the action would not be "  broader than necessary to accomplish this purpose , " they said . In addition to CNN , several broadcasting and newspaper companies -- including the publishers of USA Today , the Miami Herald and The New York Times -- are part of the effort to unseal the documents . Zimmerman defense attorney Mark O'Mara said Monday that he favors keeping documents sealed in this case in large part because of concerns that witnesses might be contacted and in danger if certain information is released . "  Our  overall philosophy  is  to keep the information flow concentrated within the court system , " he said . "  It 's much better handled there . " As to his client , O'Mara said he speaks "  at least a couple times a day " with Zimmerman , whom he described as doing well physically but "  frightened . " Zimmerman is scheduled to return to court Friday for a bail hearing . O'Mara says he hopes his client will be eligible for bail after that hearing and eventually be allowed to go free until the trial . If he does get out , though , the lawyer said , there are legitimate fears about Zimmerman 's safety . "  There have been a lot of emotions that have come forward in this case , and some of those emotions have shown themselves in bad ways , " O'Mara said . Lester has served on the circuit court since 1996 . He is currently assigned to the Criminal Division but has previously served in the Juvenile , Delinquency , Dependency , Probate , Guardianship , and Mental Health divisions of the circuit court . A 2011 poll by the Central Florida Association of Criminal Defense Lawyers rated Lester the top judge in the county in terms of legal knowledge and diligence . He had the second-highest overall score among Seminole County circuit judges in that survey , which also ranked the jurists for impartiality , freedom from bias and demeanor . CNN 's Kelly Frank and Matt Smith contributed to this report .	NEW : A bond hearing for George Zimmerman has been set for Friday Judge Jessica Recksiedler approves a motion removing her from the case The judge 's husband is a law partner of a CNN legal analyst Chief judge orders that Judge Kenneth Lester Jr. be appointed to preside
CNN  -- In the United States , we do n't vacation often . And thanks to our ever-growing cadre of mobile gadgets , some experts fear that we do n't vacation very well , either . Smartphones , laptops , tablet computers and other devices make it easier than ever to stay plugged in all the time . That 's not exactly news . But there 's a growing awareness , and concern , that the same items designed to keep us engaged and entertained around the clock can also make it harder for us to ever actually relax . Sure , we 're on vacation at the shore , or a peaceful lakeside cabin in the woods . But it ca n't hurt to whip out the laptop and check work e-mail real quickly , right ? You know , just in case something big happened back at the office . Maybe you ca n't resist peeking at your phone to see what your co-workers are up to on Facebook . Or , you know , to get in a quick round of Words With Friends , or a game of Qrank during that long sunset stroll on the beach . And never mind how many miles there are between you and the office . In 2011 , your boss knows you 're always just an electronic nudge away . As part of our No Vacation Nation series , we talked to two authors : Daniel Sieberg , writer of "  The Digital Diet " and William Powers , author of "  Hamlet 's BlackBerry : A Practical Philosophy for Building a Good Life in the Digital Age . " Both books address finding a healthy balance in our use of technology . The authors shared some tips on how to keep your gadget in check while on vacation . On why it 's important Sieberg : If you respond to one  work  e-mail , you 've just opened the floodgates . You 've lost that barrier -- it 's gone like a sandcastle in front of the ocean . Now that person knows that you 're really not on vacation . You are reachable and you will respond . Hold onto that . Otherwise , it 's just a slippery slope to just responding to everything . ... It 's not giving you that clarity in your head that you 're seeking from a vacation -- the reason you did it in the first place . Powers : It feels like a small thing we 're doing . "  I 'll just check Facebook " or "  I 'll just go into this one little game I like to do . " What we forget is that it actually takes you into a different state of mind . It 's a different type of consciousness , the digital one . That may not be true in 20 years , when we 've adjusted to it . But it is now . Create rules for when you can use gadgets Sieberg : Say , ` Thirty minutes is what I 'm going to do . ' Then close it down . Put it away . Give it to somebody else . Powers : The No. 1 thing is to set up rituals for yourself and stick to it . It could be once a day . It could be twice in a week . But set those times ahead of time and stick to it . Get friends , family to help Powers : Get other people , the people you 're traveling with , to work with you . Work with each other on it and support each other . You can make it a game . If one person takes the plunge back into ` screen life , ' it 's easy to follow them . Ban gadgets during meals Sieberg : No throwing the smartphone out on the table if you 're out to dinner or just having family time . It 's really valuable keeping them put away for that period of time . If it has to be out , acknowledge it . Let everybody know why it has to be out . If you must get extreme If you think no amount of planning will be enough to resist the urge to text , tweet , blog or browse , Powers suggests you try intentionally planning trips to places where coverage will be spotty -- or nonexistent . Or , he says , you can emulate a guy who called in to a radio show he was on once . Before he leaves on vacation , the guy gives all his passwords and user names to friends who he trusts . One person gets e-mail . One person gets Twitter . One person gets Facebook . They 're under orders , on the day he leaves , to go in and change the passwords . When he returns , they change them back . Do n't necessarily go cold turkey Sieberg : Even if we say we 're not going to use them , we 're not going to leave them at home . You worry about an emergency . You worry about that work e-mail that you just ca n't miss . It 's not about getting rid of technology . It 's about managing your technology more carefully . Powers : These devices are wonderful . But spending all day  staring  into them does n't get you to a good place .	No Vacation Nation : Even when we 're on holiday , our gadgets can keep us from relaxing Authors say setting rules about when to use phones , laptops and other devices is crucial Need to get extreme ? Ask friends to change your online passwords until you 're back
Editor 's note : Michael Wolfe is co-founder of Unity Productions Foundation , a nonprofit organization that has produced six documentary films for national broadcast . He edited the Wilbur-award-winning book "  Taking Back Islam : American Muslims Reclaim their Faith , " and his television work has been nominated for Peabody and Emmy awards . Michael Wolfe says new media give voice to Muslims who were n't fully recognized by mainstream media . CNN  -- "  The media is dying . " It 's the title of a Twitter page and a prime topic of conversation among reporters . Enter a room full of journalists , and you 'll hear constant anxious chatter about dying newspapers and massive layoffs at print publications . Just one example : The Seattle Post-Intelligencer recently became the first major newspaper to cease its print edition and go exclusively online , after more than 150 years of chronicling the city 's history . As a writer who 's been in the game for years -- over 30 and counting -- I 'm challenged by all there is to learn and at times overwhelmed as I watch old media gradually head toward extinction . Yet , as a Muslim writer , I am excited by the world of new possibilities . Why ? Because I recognize that mastering the online world can unleash a great force to promote understanding among people . With all the focus on Islam and Muslims in the news , the voices of American Muslim civic leaders , or even ordinary Muslims going about their daily business , are too often missing in stories about their own communities here and abroad . Why is it we so often hear what this or that expert thinks about Muslims yet so rarely hear what Muslims themselves think ? Into this fray steps the Web . The soaring dominance of new media is an extremely important moment in the history of relations between Muslims and their neighbors . For the first time , ordinary Muslims can speak directly to their non-Muslim neighbors -- and share their views on just about anything -- without the mainstream media as intermediaries selecting their talking heads , pundits and experts . Muslims should seize this golden opportunity to communicate their stories and views directly to the world . Take this recent example , a national online film contest called "  One Nation , Many Voices . " The sponsors  Link TV and One Nation , a nonprofit initiative  challenged Americans to create their own short digital videos about what it means to be Muslim in America today . Now in its second year , the contest attracted more than 150 submissions , with close to 26,000 people voting online for their favorites . The entries provide a fascinating snapshot of what ordinary American Muslims think about the present state of their community , from the grand-prize-winning "  Arab in America " -- a spoof about the challenges of finding a job and blending in -- to the youth-category winner "  Green Blue Sea , " about a young scuba diver 's reverence for the natural world . Why do films like this matter ? Because comprehending how Islamic values are expressed in Muslims ' lives today is of central importance to the cause of peace and understanding and to realizing the promise of pluralism on which America and the global world is based . Now , perhaps in the nick of time , the Web offers Muslims the chance to blog in their own words , tweet their reactions to a breaking news story or further progress in their own communities by exchanging ideas through online forums . This new reality is already playing out locally and globally . Progressive American Muslim bloggers like Souheila Al-Jadda , Wajahat Ali and Eboo Patel are contributing to the marketplace of ideas online and sharing their perspectives on major breaking news stories . Muslims in the United States and around the world are reacting in real time when events like the Mumbai attacks happen , often to condemn the violence when some mainstream media pundits are busy saying that none of them cares , or worse . But conversations are n't one-sided ; they involve at least two parties . What does this mean ? It means that the opportunity Muslims now have is shared with their neighbors . When a Muslim goes online to blog about why she wears a headscarf , a Christian or Jewish woman who is interested in the topic can ask her questions directly . Sometimes it is geography that separates us , or sometimes we are too shy or embarrassed to ask questions or speak out when face-to-face . The Web makes all of this much easier and unleashes unparalleled potential for humans to communicate directly with the rest of the world . For those , like American Muslims , who have often found themselves left out of mainstream media discourse , the possibilities are now vastly improved . The ultimate impact this will have on society at large remains to be seen , but with many ordinary Muslims finally speaking for themselves , and people of other faiths taking part in the conversation , the future is looking brighter . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Michael Wolfe .	Michael Wolfe : World of traditional media is undergoing rapid change He says rise of new media offers opportunities to groups like Muslims Wolfe : New media offers Muslims the chance to share their worldview He says it also promotes better communication with other groups in society
CNN  -- "  When the history is written of this era , this is how you 'll be remembered : ` He was the first black president . ' Okay , not a bad accomplishment , but that 's it . That 's it , Mr. Obama . " -- Michael Moore We have become used to sky-is-falling rhetoric from filmmaker Michael Moore , but what is n't hyperbolic about the sentiment packed into that quote is the disappointment many supporters of Sen. Barack Obama have in President Barack Obama . Earlier this year , one in four Democrats and two in three Independents said this administration has let them down , according to a CBS News/New York Times Poll . It seems once the euphoria of 2008 wore off , voters were shocked to learn the country 's first black president was n't as radical as his election . He 's shown himself to be idealistic but methodical . A compassionate figure with a thing for drones and kill lists . These days , he is thinking legacy . But what will history say about the man who was voted into office with a mandate to end the war in Iraq and now will likely leave that office with a new war in Iraq trailing behind ? As the bombing in Syria by the United States , and to a lesser extent , a cadre of allies , was getting under way , Obama delivered a thoughtful address to the United Nations on Wednesday . He called out Arab nations that "  accumulate wealth through the global economy , and then siphon funds to those who teach children to tear it down . " He dared to challenge Muslims to reject those who rally around a bastardized version of the Islamic faith and then use that doctrine to justify chaos . He spoke of a crossroad between "  war and peace , " "  disorder and integration , " "  fear and hope . " Remember that word ? Hope . It was the word Obama used to ignite the movement that would lift him from his position as a little-known junior senator from Illinois into the White House and onto the world stage . He promised to change the way things had always been . Now Moore and others are disappointed because they believed him . After winning the Iowa Democratic caucus in January 2008 , Obama told the rabid crowd that the country was choosing unity over division and that "  this was the place , this was the moment where America remembered what it means to hope . " Six years later , a Gallup poll found fewer Iowans approve of the job Obama 's doing than the national average -- 38 % to 43 % . What will history say about the man who encouraged immigrants to dream big and then left them hanging for the sake of the midterm election ? Who has overseen 54 consecutive weeks of private-sector job growth , the longest stretch in history . Who pledged to close Guantanamo Bay . Who OK 'd the mission that led to the death of Osama Bin Laden . Who promised to be transparent . In 2007 , Oprah Winfrey gave a speech in support of Obama . She said , "  We need a new way of doing business in Washington , D.C. and in the world . ... I 'm tired of politics as usual . " And yet here we are . George W. Bush left Afghanistan and Iraq for Obama to sort through , and now it is likely Obama will leave behind Iraq and Syria for his successor . Opinion : America 's wartime president At the U.N. , Obama explained in detail why it was important to defeat ISIS . Instead of a soaring delivery , he spoke plainly about the choices that lie in front of us all , intelligently shifting the point of emphasis from destroying terrorist groups to derailing their instruments of recruitment , funding , and their very philosophy . "  No God condones this terror , " he said . "  There can be no reasoning -- no negotiation -- with this brand of evil , " he said . "  The only language understood by killers like this is the language of force . " And then he reiterated that he is prepared to lead in this force for the remainder of his presidency . It was the kind of rhetoric we were accustomed to hearing from his 2008 opponent , Sen. John McCain , who has yet to see a war he did n't want us to be a part of . It was the kind of rhetoric his 2012 opponent , Mitt Romney , said would make him the better leader . It was the kind of rhetoric that has become as much a part of Obama 's complicated legacy as the Affordable Care Act , the rise in LGBT rights and the slow , but real , economic recovery . Syria now becomes the seventh predominantly Muslim country in which he has authorized military strikes . Perhaps his earlier persona contributed to his resistance to do so sooner , despite the advice of his inner circle . When one takes power under the guise of a peaceful change agent , one should pause before ordering airstrikes , if for no other reason than not wanting to contribute to the Earth 's carnage . But for the next two years , he is committed to doing just that . He does n't have much of a choice , really . Terrorists are reportedly developing articles of clothing that explode . I shudder to think what will be in store for airline passengers dealing with TSA screenings if such a thing comes to pass . How will history remember Obama ? What will his legacy be ? It appears a lot of that will depend on how many people the U.S. kills before he leaves office . That 's not why many of us voted for him , but I guess the rest of the world did n't get the memo . We voted not to bomb people . To end the wars . To stop spying . I wonder if he 's as disappointed in the way things have turned out as the rest of us .	LZ : Syria bombing a reminder that Obama is not the president his supporters expected Polls show Dems , independents disappointed . Will war , in the end , be Obama 's legacy ? Elected as war-ending change agent , Obama spoke this week about U.S. strikes on terror LZ : Despite Obamacare , better economy , and more , many are disappointed . Is Obama too ?
CNN  -- He 's one of the world 's most famous boxers but this could be Amir Khan 's toughest fight yet . Khan landed in Pakistan on Wednesday and promised to help rebuild the school in Peshawar where 132 children were killed by the Taliban in the country 's deadliest-ever terror attack . The British boxer , who has Pakistani roots , announced his intention set up boxing academies for youngsters in the country , while the sale of his $ 45,000 shorts will help to rebuild the school . "  What has taken place in Peshawar is absolutely horrific and sickening , " the WBC welterweight world champion told a news conference in Islamabad . "  After recently becoming a father myself , I ca n't imagine how the families of these innocent children are feeling . " "  The main reason I came to Pakistan was to show the world that Pakistan is a safe place , and it 's a place I love coming to and you know , we want to all fight against terrorism . " Gunmen stormed the army-run school in the city of Peshawar , which is in the north west of the country , earlier this month . Khan , 28 , announced his intention to help rebuild the school following his successful title defense against Devon Alexander in Las Vegas earlier this month . He became a father last May when his daughter Lamysa was born and wants to help the survivors following the tragic event . Speaking to British media ahead of the trip to Pakistan , Khan revealed the timing of his trip was vitally important . "  Talking about this stuff could be threatening for me , but I just want to speak the truth and tell people what is happening is wrong , " he said . "  I think it 's more important now than ever to go over there . I think it will send a statement to a lot of people that Amir Khan is going there to make a difference . "  I want it to be a better country . It 's just a shame -- I can not believe how sick some people are . " Pakistan has seen plenty of violence , much of it involving militants based in provinces such as South Waziristan , North Waziristan and the Khyber Agency -- all restive regions in northwest Pakistan near Peshawar along its border with Afghanistan . It is the home base of the TTP , an organization that has sought to force its conservative version of Islam in Pakistan . The group has battled Pakistani troops and , on a number of occasions , attacked civilians as well . Peshawar , an ancient city of more than three million people tucked right up against the Khyber Pass , has often found itself in the center of it all . Militants repeatedly targeted the city in response to Pakistani military offensives , like a 2009 truck bombing of a popular marketplace frequented by women and children that killed more than 100 people . And the Taliban has n't hesitated to go after schoolchildren . Their most notable target is Malala Yousafzai , who was singled out and shot on October 9 , 2012 as she rode to school in a van with other girls . The teenage girl survived and , this year , became the youngest recipient of the Nobel Peace Prize for her efforts to promote education and girls ' rights in Pakistan and beyond . Yousafzai was "  heartbroken by this  latest  senseless and cold blooded act of terror in Peshawar , " saying that "  innocent children in their school have no place in horror such as this . " "  I call upon the international community , leaders in Pakistan , all political parties -- everyone --  to  stand up together and fight against terrorism , " the 16-year-old added in another statement . "  And we should make sure that every child gets a safe and quality education . "	Champion boxer Amir Khan has landed in Pakistan Briton will be in country from December 24-29 Khan in Pakistan to show support for victims of school massacre Donated $ 45,000 boxing shorts to school in Peshawar
CNN  -- Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg just had a birthday on May 14 . He 's now 29 . If that seems insanely young for a billionaire , remember that he co-founded Facebook when he was a teenager . Zuckerberg has a lot to celebrate . He 's amassed a fortune , inspired one of every seven people on the planet to use his product and changed how the world communicates -- all before age 30 . By comparison , when they were 29 , Steve Jobs launched the Macintosh computer and Bill Gates was readying the first retail version of Microsoft Windows . And most of the rest of us were just struggling to pay the rent . So happy birthday to Zuck ! To mark the occasion , we collected these 10 random facts about the tech wunderkind : 1 . Zuckerberg suffers from red-green colorblindness and sees the color blue best , which is why blue dominates Facebook 's color scheme . 2 . AOL and Microsoft tried to recruit him when he was in high school after he created Synapse , a program that used artificial intelligence to learn users ' music-listening habits . 3 . He wears the same gray Facebook T-shirt almost every day because he 's busy and it saves him time in the morning . 4 . Despite Zuckerberg 's casual wardrobe , he said he wore a tie every day in 2009 to show that Facebook was serious about growing in the face of the global recession . 5 . He is a vegetarian and once said he will only eat meat if he has killed the animal himself . But among his "  likes " on his Facebook page are McDonald 's and In-N-Out Burger . 6 . He has amassed 220,000 Twitter followers despite the fact that he 's only tweeted 19 times in four years , and not once in 15 months . 7 . In October 2010 , Zuckerberg took a bunch of Facebook staffers to a public theater to see "  The Social Network , " the movie about the founding of Facebook . In public comments afterward , he criticized the film 's portrayal of him as someone who invented Facebook to gain social status . 8 . He owns a Hungarian sheepdog named Beast , who has a Facebook page with 1.5 million fans . 9 . He took some heat last year for giving his wife , Priscilla Chan , a ruby wedding ring that jewelers valued at about $ 25,000 even though he was worth about $ 19 billion at the time . 10 . If you type @ -LSB- 4:0 -RSB- in a Facebook comment window and hit enter , his name will appear . What , if anything , fascinates you about Zuckerberg ? Let us know in the comments .	Facebook co-founder and CEO Mark Zuckerberg turned 29 on May 14 Young billionaire has inspired one of every seven people on the planet to use his product Zuckerberg trivia : Facebook is mostly blue because he is colorblind
CNN  -- An Israeli air strike hit two concealed rocket launchers in the Gaza Strip Monday , the military announced . "  Direct hits were confirmed , " said a statement from the Israel Defense Forces . Palestinian security sources in Gaza told CNN that a training camp west of Gaza City was hit . Medical sources said no injuries were reported . The Israeli military said the strikes came after its "  Iron Dome " defense system intercepted a rocket fired from the Gaza Strip above the city of Ashkelon . Another rocket landed in the area and had not been located , Lt. Col. Peter Lerner called the air strike "  an immediate response to the terrorist aggression and its infrastructure in Gaza . " CNN 's Kareem Khadder contributed reporting from Jerusalem .	Sources : Gaza training camp hit , no injuries Israel 's "  Iron Dome " earlier intercepted rocket from Gaza , military says Spokesman : Israel responded to "  terrorist aggression "
PARIS , France  CNN  -- A day of strikes dubbed "  Black Thursday " in France looked more like "  Gray Thursday , " with officials reporting a mixed impact across the country . Commuters wait for a train at a metro station in central Paris on "  Black Thursday . " Union officials said 2.5 million people demonstrated across the country , while the Ministry of the Interior put the number at one million . No arrests or violence were reported , Paris police said . In Paris , all but three lines of the Metro subway system were operating Thursday , the RATP transport authority said . Buses and trains were operating normally with only slight disruptions , the authority said . Suburban trains lines into and around Paris were badly hit . At best , only one in five was operating Thursday , operator RER said . Public transportation workers and other civil servants planned the 36-hour strike over a range of concerns spurred by the world economic crisis . Specifically , workers are anxious about a range of problems , including low salaries , poor buying power and job insecurity . Their collective strike action challenges the way the French government has handled the economic crisis . Unions complain that the government has spent billions to bail out banks and the auto industry while allowing little of that money to filter down to workers . Students , teachers and government workers were striking alongside transportation employees . Under a law introduced last year , schools are required to provide a "  minimum service " to ensure that children with nowhere else to go during a strike may still be able to go to school . The law does n't require that classes take place -- only that caretakers are provided . Paris municipal authorities said it was difficult for them to ensure a minimum service Thursday because they were not given enough notice for the strike . City officials said a total of 90,000 children in the capital would be affected in some way . The strike began at 8 p.m.  2 p.m. ET  Wednesday and is to end at 8 a.m.  2 a.m. ET  Friday . Union officials plan to meet Monday to consider future strikes , they said . Hospital and postal workers , bank staffers , air traffic controllers and auto workers also walked off the job . Air France said it was operating 100 percent of its long-haul flights . In Paris . the airline said it suspended 30 percent of its short - and medium-haul flights at Orly airport and 10 percent at Charles de Gaulle as a precaution during the strike . The national state-owned railway SNCF said traffic was normal on trains from Paris to other European capitals such as London and Zurich . It said the national high-speed TGV trains were running normally in eastern France , with traffic at 50 percent to 80 percent of normal levels in other parts of the country . -- CNN 's Jim Bittermann and Sujatha Samy contributed to this report .	NEW : French unions say 2.5 million protested government handling of economy NEW : Government puts figure at about 1 million Hospital and postal workers , air traffic controllers among those striking In Paris , most Metro subway lines operating ; buses , trains operating normally
Cairo  CNN  -- Cairo 's main square Saturday overflowed with people angry that six former government aides were acquitted of charges of killing hundreds of pro-democracy protesters last year , while former strongman Hosni Mubarak was ordered to prison . Mubarak and former Interior Minister Habib El Adly were sentenced to life in prison for their crimes . Mubarak was immediately transferred to a prison in southern Cairo to serve his sentence , and a prosecutor said the former president , who attended court on a gurney , would be transferred to the prison hospital . Protesters in the square , the center of last year 's protests , waved Egyptian flags as they demanded justice for those killed and injured during last year 's demonstrations . At least 61 people were injured Saturday in protests throughout Egypt , following the verdict , state TV reported . "  How is  Mubarak  imprisoned for life ... but his main aides are set free ? " asked AbdulMawgoud Dardery , a member of the Freedom and Justice Party , which is part of the Muslim Brotherhood , Egypt 's largest and oldest opposition group . "  That is a big insult to Egyptian will , " Dardery told CNN . The Islamist group Muslim Brotherhood is fielding one of two candidates in this month 's presidential runoff . Mohamed Morsi is facing secularist Ahmed Shafik , a former official in Mubarak 's regime . Given the anger and perceived injustice at the verdict in the 10-month trial , Dardery said , the outcome will hurt Shafik and anyone associated with the former regime . "  All of Egypt are now rallying behind Dr. Morsi , " Dardery told CNN . "  We call him the candidate of the revolution because he promised the Egyptians to bring justice to those who killed their sons and daughters . " iReport : Egyptians protest current regime Speaking to reporters , Morsi later echoed the belief that he is the revolution 's candidate and promised to bring those responsible for the deaths to justice . "  In the near future , if I am chosen , I will directly initiate a criminal investigation to identify evidence against those who killed revolutionists , those who caused corruption and those who robbed the nation , " he said . "  I repeat , I am with the revolution and I will continue to be , even after I become president . " About 840 people died and more than 6,000 others were injured in last year 's 18-day uprising , according to Amnesty International . "  I 'm asking the help of the people who gather in Tahrir Square to get justice for my son , " pleaded one woman on the street in Cairo . "  I need justice for my son . My son did not commit any crime . How come the sons of Mubarak are set free ? " The Cairo courtroom erupted in chaos Saturday after the judge convicted Mubarak , 84 , and acquitted six of his aides for the killings . Mubarak was cleared of a corruption charge and two of his sons were also set free . It appeared the entire gallery of men dressed in suits began shouting and stood on their chairs chanting that the decision was n't harsh enough . Fists flew and at least one man suffered a bleeding gash to his chin . "  We want honesty ! " they shouted . "  Revolution till victory ! " The Muslim Brotherhood called for protests in Tahrir Square and vowed to retry the acquitted aids if Morsi is elected . Shafik 's side did not immediately comment on the outcome . The former president 's lawyer , Fareed El Deeb , said there were many holes in the judge 's decision and that he was already preparing to appeal the Mubarak verdict . Protesters at one point burned Shafik campaign posters in the square . And thousands marched through downtown Cairo , calling for a law to bar Shafik from running and carrying posters reading "  Shafik = Mubarak . " A strongman 's fall from grace The echoing cheers outside the police academy where the trial was held turned to angry shouts as people first heard Mubarak 's sentence , then heard that all of Mubarak 's senior advisers and his two sons were acquitted . The mostly anti-Mubarak crowd threw rocks at police , smashed cars and cursed the ruling military council . The sentence delivered by Judge Ahmed Refaat was the final chapter of Mubarak 's iron rule of Egypt that ended in February 2011 . He said it offered people relief after living "  in 30 years of dark without any hope . " "  The verdicts are insults to the Egyptian people and the judicial system . It 's a festival of innocent verdicts to El Adly 's aides who killed and tortured free citizens for years , " said Rami Shath , a member of the Egyptian Revolution Alliance . Human Rights Watch said the verdict sends a message to Egypt 's future leaders that they are not above the law , though it said the acquittals give "  a green light to future police abuse . " Amnesty International described the verdict as "  a significant step towards combating long-standing impunity in Egypt , " but it , too , said the ruling leaves many waiting for full justice . Arab leaders : Where are they now ? David Scheffer , an American lawyer and diplomat who served as the first U.S. ambassador-at-large for war crimes issues , said the trial was significant for the Arab world even if it could have been run better . "  While I want to emphasize the problems with the trial itself , it 's also important to recognize that the Egyptian judicial system has held a leader accountable for very serious crimes that occurred during the uprising in Egypt , " Scheffer told CNN . "  In the very heart of the Arab world , where this has not occurred before in a civilian court , a leader has actually been brought to justice , a leader who has been persent in the courtroom has brought to some level of justice by a domestic court for gross human rights abuses . " Timeline of Mubarak 's ascent and fall from power The White House had no comment on Mubarak 's sentencing , while a U.S. State Department official , not authorized to speak on the record , described it as "  a decision made by the Egyptian judiciary according to the Egyptian legal process " and referred further questions to the Egyptian government . The trial has been a spectacle few Egyptians thought they would see , with Mubarak on the gurney and locked in a defendant 's cage . The verdict follows Friday 's expiration of a notorious emergency law that was in effect since shortly after Mubarak came to power in October 1981 and gave police sweeping powers . CNN 's Saad Abedine , Mohamed Fadel Fahmy and Ben Wedeman contributed to this report .	NEW : The Muslim Brotherhood calls for protests and its candidate vows to continue the revolution NEW : Sixty-one people are injured in demonstrations following the verdict , state TV reports The judge clears Mubarak 's sons and several aides Mubarak 's lawyer says he plans an appeal
Poet Amiri Baraka , who lost his post as New Jersey 's poet laureate because of a controversial poem about the 9/11 terror attacks , died Thursday , his agent said . Baraka was 79 . Baraka , considered a founder of the 1960s Black Arts movement , died in New Jersey 's Beth Israel Medical Center after a short illness , according to agent Celeste Bateman . His official website said that Baraka "  adopted a confrontational style for his poetry , drama , fiction and essays . With intent to create awareness about the concerns of African-Americans , his writings ... on one hand have been praised as a voice against oppression , on the other hand , have also incited controversies . " A self-described "  poet icon and revolutionary political activist , " he was named poet laureate by then-Gov . James McGreevey , on the recommendation of the state 's Council for the Arts , in 2002 . Two months after his appointment , Baraka read the poem "  Somebody Blew Up America " before a local arts festival . Among the poem 's lines : "  Who knew the World Trade Center was gon na get bombed "  Who told 4000 Israeli workers at the Twin Towers "  To stay home that day "  Why did Sharon stay away ? " Despite the public outrage over a poem suggesting that Jewish workers had advance notice of the terror attacks , McGreevey did not have the legal authority to fire the poet from his appointed $ 10,000-a-year post . Baraka refused the governor 's request to resign , saying his work was neither anti-Semitic nor racist . The position was eliminated by the New Jersey legislature in July 2003 . In an open letter after the vote , Baraka called it a "  confirmation of the ignorance , corruption , racism , and criminal disregard for the U.S. Constitution . " He unsuccessfully sued the state of New Jersey over the matter . A federal appeals court wrote in rejecting his complaint : "  Baraka , like any person , was free to speak his views . But he had no protected legal interest in the maintenance of the position of poet laureate of New Jersey . " "  Amiri Baraka believed poetry to be a process of discovery of one 's inner feelings , " his website said . "  Like the projectivist poets , he has always been of the opinion that the poetic writings should follow the shape of writer 's own breath . During the African-American Civil Rights Movement , Baraka 's politically charged essays and writings proved to be extremely influential for the local audiences . " People we 've lost in 2014	Baraka was considered a founder of the 1960s Black Arts movement He was a self-described "  poet icon and revolutionary political activist " His poem "  Somebody Blew Up America " created controversy
Republican opponents of White House-backed legislation that would rein in NSA surveillance programs narrowly blocked the Senate from taking up the bill Tuesday after warning it could help terrorists escape detection . On a tally of 58 to 42 , a procedural vote failed to get the supermajority 60 votes it needed to advance . Supporters of the USA Freedom Act , a rare mix of liberal Democrats and libertarian Republicans , hoped public outrage over the secret mass collection of phone and Internet records -- revealed by former NSA contractor Edward Snowden -- would lead to passage of the reforms . But many opponents argued the changes would hamper the National Security Agency 's ability to track nimble and elusive terrorists . Senate Republican Leader Mitch McConnell led the charge against the bill , saying the new rules would prevent the United States from capturing the terrorists who killed Peter Kassig , a U.S. citizen doing aid work in Syria . Kassig was executed over the weekend . "  Many of these fighters are familiar with America 's intelligence capabilities , and many are savvy with communications . These are terrorists who know how to use encryption , and they how to change devices quickly , " he said . "  This is the worst time to be tying our hands behind our backs . " "  It basically takes us back to a pre-9 / 11 lack of capacity to identify terrorists making telephone calls in the United States , said Sen. John Cornyn of Texas , the second-ranking Senate Republican . "  I think that sort of unilateral disarmament would be bad for the country . " McConnell also argued the measure should be debated and voted on in the new Congress next year , not by lawmakers in a lame duck session who are leaving Washington . Sen. Patrick Leahy , D-Vermont , the bill 's principal author , disputed the critics saying that while it puts checks on the NSA 's powerful capabilities , it "  does so responsibly . " "  The bill contains key reforms to safeguard Americans ' privacy by prohibiting the indiscriminate collection of their data . It also provides for greater accountability and transparency of the government 's surveillance programs , " he said . "  The bill also ensures that the intelligence community has the tools it needs to keep our country safe . " Under the bill , the government could no longer store massive amounts of call information in its databases , a practice President Barack Obama said he wanted to end . That job would fall to the large telecommunication companies . But the government could get permission from a secret surveillance court to review specific call information if it could show it might be linked to terrorists . Sen. Dianne Feinstein , D-California , who chairs the Senate Intelligence Committee , said this arrangement "  solves " a "  very practical problem " raised by those who are uncomfortable with the government storing calling records of Americans . But Sen. Susan Collins , R-Maine , said the public 's privacy would be better protected by strict federal government safeguards of that information than by the thousands of employees at private phone companies . In a statement Monday , the White House urged passage of the bill . "  This legislation will help strengthen Americans ' confidence in the government 's use of these important national security authorities . Without passage of this bill , critical authorities that are appropriately reformed in this legislation could expire next summer . The administration urges Congress to take action on this legislation now , since delay may subject these important national security authorities to brinksmanship and uncertainty . " The bill is supported by a coalition of technology companies , including Google , Apple , AOL , Microsoft and Yahoo , who have deep concerns that their customers ' privacy is being violated by the current NSA techniques . Supporters suffered a setback last week when Sen. Rand Paul , R-Kentucky , who had favored the measure , announced he would not back it . However , other like-minded Republicans such as Sen. Ted Cruz of Texas and Sen. Mike Lee of Utah voted to advance the bill .	Supporters of bill that would curb NSA fail to get supermajority of 60 votes White House , liberal Democrats and some libertarian Republicans supported the bill Senate Republican Leader Mitch McConnell led the charge against the bill Under bill , government could no longer keep large amounts of call information in its databases
The Selfies at Funerals page on Tumblr is a collection of , you guessed it , cell phone self-portraits snapped before , during and post-memorial service by the young and seemingly clueless . The collection was built by Fast Company editor Jason Feifer from images uploaded to Twitter and Instagram and is growing into a Web phenomenon . There are other sites that collect funeral selfies , too . While stopping to gawk at the insensitivity of a few is fun , it 's worth asking what we should do at funerals , in addition to what we should never do  hint : take selfies  . For answers , CNN Living turned to the Emily Post Institute 's Lizzie Post , 31 , the great-great-granddaughter of the original doyenne of appropriate behavior herself and co-author of "  Emily Post 's Etiquette 18th Edition . " We asked Lizzie how to dress , what to say , how to keep busy and what to do with that cell phone burning a hole in your pocket during a memorial service . An edited collection of her responses is below . CNN : When are photos appropriate at funerals , if ever ? Are casket photos allowed ? Post : I 'm kind of grossed out by the fact that people are turning funerals into selfie photo shoots . I know some young people who have never been to a funeral . There are only a few of them we go to in our lifetime , and I think that 's one reason why you see this type of behavior . I do n't think taking a picture of yourself with the casket is a good idea . And I do n't know many people who want to take a group photo at a funeral . People are usually not in the mood to have their photo taken that day . If you 're the kind of person who photographs every outfit you wear , it 's one thing if you 're a fashion blogger who gives advice on this type of thing , but I do n't find it appropriate that you 're making the cute faces and duck lips and hashtagging it #funeral . " ` On-my-way-to-the-funeral-selfie ' Here 's what I wore , do n't I look fantastic ? " You know it 's not about you , it 's about the deceased , so can you back down on the selfies for the moment ? CNN : Are selfies at a funeral ever OK ? Post : No ! CNN : What basic fashion rules should funeral attendees follow ? Are black and dark blue still de rigueur ? Post : Darker colors are still the preferred colors for funerals . However , they are n't the only choice : You would n't be distasteful if you were in a camel-colored wool jacket . But you do n't want to look like you 're in party mode . So leave the sparkly hot pink tops at home , unless requested . Sometimes colorful clothing is an option . If the deceased has requested that everyone wear Hawaiian shirts , then go for it , but if it has n't been requested , go for the darker colors . CNN : What basic phrase of comfort might a funeral guest say to those closest to the departed ? Post : "  I 'm so sorry for your loss . " Say a fond memory that you have . It should n't be a long story . Both my grandparents have passed away in the past few years , and it was comforting to hear someone say at my grandfather 's memorial service , "  He was always so gracious . " Something simple , positive and quick . Things to stay away from : "  Boy , I hope he had life insurance . " "  It was time for him to go . " Or "  At the end , there was so much suffering . " Those are things people can find hurtful , and they often do n't appreciate hearing them . You do n't want to bring those things up to someone who has just lost a loved one . CNN : What 's the best way to offer help to grieving people during a funeral ? Post : Do n't say , "  Call me if you need anything . " Rather than saying , "  You let me know if you need anything , " offer something specific . Say , "  I 'd love to cook dinner for you next week . " Or "  Would you like me to come and take care of the kids the day of the funeral ? " You want to make sure you 're extending a specific offer of time and place rather than something vague . CNN : Is it still OK to bring food to a wake ? Post : You want to get a feel for how the wake or memorial service is being set up . Some are catered , so you do n't have to worry about that . The host should let people know . In some communities , the bringing of food is healing and comforting . Whether to serve the food or not is up to the host . CNN : Any special tips on phone etiquette during a funeral ? Post : You turn that cell phone off ! That way you 're not taking selfies . Turn it off and put it away . If you 're on call  for work  , put it on vibrate and step away if you need to respond to a call . But this is the time when you need to focus on those who are grieving and you just do n't want to be that person whose cell phone goes off in the middle of the service . CNN : In short , what should parents tell their kids as they head to a service ? Post : Be quiet , be respectful and pay attention . What do you think of the "  funeral selfies " phenomenon ? Share your take in the comments section below .	Selfies at Funerals documents self-portraits people take at memorial services The tasteless pictures are making the social media rounds Lizzie Post of the Emily Post Institute says selfies at funerals are never appropriate Post says dress conservatively , prepare a kind word and offer to help out at a memorial
CNN  -- The U.S. Coast Guard on Thursday is searching for two fishermen missing after a commercial fishing vessel went down in remote , treacherous waters off the Aleutian Islands about 1,400 miles southwest of Anchorage , Alaska . The fishing vessel Courageous helps search for missing men in waters off Alaska . Four of the boat 's crew members were rescued and five bodies retrieved Wednesday near the Amchitka Pass , a strait that connects the Bering Sea to the Pacific Ocean . The names have been withheld pending the notification of families , a Coast Guard statement said . "  What can you say ? " said Jeff DeBell , chief financial officer of Katmai Fisheries , which owned the boat . He told The Associated Press , "  We are devastated by what has happened . We are elated there have been survivors . We are just terribly saddened by the ones that are dead and are praying that those that are still in the water are alive . " The Seattle-based company told the AP the survivors were Capt. Henry Blake and crew members Guy Schroeder , Adam Foster and Harold Attling . The search began at about 1 a.m. Wednesday when the Coast Guard received an emergency signal from the Katmai , a 93-foot fishing vessel that had been battling 50-knot winds and nearly 20-foot waves . The signal originated from a wall-mounted satellite positioning device on the Katmai that reacts when it 's touched or splashed with water , Coast Guard Petty Officer Levi Read said . Watch a "  Deadliest Catch " captain talk about what may have happened on the rough seas " At about that time , another vessel , the Blue Balard , sent an e-mail to the Coast Guard saying that it received a message from the Katmai that water was flooding its rear compartment . The message also said that the vessel had lost steering . The Coast Guard tried to e-mail the Balard back but received no response , likely because the seas are remote and Internet access can be spotty , Read said . Rescuers launched a C-130 , a long-range surveillance aircraft , and went straight to the scene twice Wednesday morning , Read said . The boat was nowhere in sight , but the C-130 did spot two strobe lights on top of the water , he said . By this time , the weather was treacherous and the sky was darkening , according to Read . The C-130 , having found no signs of life , dropped two life rafts and headed back , he said . On the second trip , at 11 a.m. , the C-130 and a Jayhawk helicopter found two strobe lights floating in the water , one attached to a survival suit and the other to the emergency device that had first alerted the Coast Guard , Read said . They also found a body , he said . "  We knew the person was from the Katmai because the suit he was wearing had the name of the vessel on it , " Read said . Roughly five hours later , the Coast Guard spotted four men on a life raft , all wearing survival suits . With the assistance of other vessels , the Courageous and the Patricia Lee , the bodies of four other men were recovered from the water , all wearing survival suits , Read said . The odds of someone surviving the frigid waters off Alaska 's Aleutian Islands is minimal , said Read . Crews usually have survival suits that allow water to seep inside but have a mechanism that traps body heat . The search for the two remaining men began at 9:30 a.m. Alaska time Thursday , an hour before sunrise there . "  You just could n't do anything earlier , " Read said . "  It 's darker the farther out you go , and they are really , really out there . "	NEW : Survivors identified as Henry Blake , Guy Schroeder , Adam Foster , Harold Attling Four fishermen rescued after boat goes missing in Alaska waters Five bodies have been recovered ; search is under way for two other fishermen The Katmai , a 93-foot fish vessel , has n't been found , officials say
PESHAWAR , Pakistan  CNN  -- Twenty well-behaved boys sit on the floor in two rows , quietly eating a humble lunch of flat bread , water and beans . The "  lost boys " of Swat enjoy a humble lunch of flat bread , water and beans . Their hair is neatly combed and they are dressed in spotless Pakistani shalwar kamiz long shirts and baggy trousers . These boys are orphans , and they are lucky to be alive . "  Sir , it was very dangerous , " explained 15-year-old Mohammad Nawaz . Last Friday , Nawaz and his friends escaped from Pakistan 's Swat Valley after their orphanage ended up on the front-line of the government 's war with the Taliban . When hostilities resumed in Swat two weeks ago , Pakistani soldiers from nearby barracks commandeered the roof of the four-story orphanage in Swat 's district capital , Mingora , to use it as a lookout . They built sandbag bunkers on the roof , and buried landmines in the orphanage 's playground . Then , Taliban militants laid siege to the building . Nawaz said "  many " insurgents armed with rocket launchers and Kalashnikov assault rifles surrounded the orphanage . Watch more on the boys ' ordeal " About 50 terrified orphans , accompanied by adult support staff , cowered in a back room on the ground floor . Shaken by the explosions and small-arms fire around their building , the older boys , some aged 16 and 17 , tried to console the youngest children , some of whom are as young as seven . They were all crying . It was n't until last Friday that the first batch of orphans were able to escape . "  We had to ride on the roof of a bus , " said 16-year old Mohammad Yusuf , a soft-spoken teenager with the beginnings of a beard appearing on his chin . After a creeping , traffic-choked , three-hour drive from Mingora , the boys and their teachers begged for a ride from a passing vegetable truck . Yusuf said the boys rode the rest of the way to Peshawar sitting in the back of a truck on bags of peas , stopping only when the truckers had to remove the cargo to have it washed . Watch more on the situation in the Swat Valley " "  When the peas were washed and loaded again , we all got wet , " said Yusuf , laughing . Now the boys are relatively safe and receiving some counseling from therapists at a shelter in Peshawar provided by another Pakistani charity organization , the Dost Foundation . The children have seen more then their share of violence during two years of intermittent fighting around the Swat Valley . When asked about the worst moment two boys immediately responded "  suicide bombers , " making explosive gestures with their hands from their chests . Due to the orphanage 's close proximity to a Pakistani army base in Mingora , the boys were often witnesses to the aftermath of Taliban attacks . In one incident a suicide bomber blew out all of the glass windows of the orphanage . Opinions were split among the boys about the Taliban . "  They want Islam , " said Nawaz , referring to the Taliban 's demand for the imposition of Islamic sharia law across Pakistan . The proposal resonates with many Pakistanis , who are frustrated with corruption in the country 's judicial system . "  The Taliban dropped the price of public transport , " Nawaz said , adding , "  Plus they used to help sort out traffic jams . " Watch more on the refugee situation " "  We are angry with the Taliban , " argued Yusuf , the 16-year-old . "  There is no rule in Islam that allows you to behead someone . " Since the arrival of the boys in Pakistan 's western city of Peshawar , social workers have been trying to help them relax . They spent the weekend playing cricket in the small yard of their half-way house , watching movies and on Sunday getting a tour of the city . Several boys said they were looking forward to seeing an airport for the first time in their lives . But orphanage director Muhammad Ali was wracked with worry about their future . Out of sight of the children , he broke down weeping . "  I am the father of these children , " Ali said . "  This is not an orphanage , this is our home ... now finished . " Ali spent the afternoon on Sunday desperately trying to call a final group of 24 boys who were trying to escape from Mingora . They left on foot , because the road out of Mingora was mined and there was a shortage of vehicles for the evacuation of refugees . Ali said the orphans , accompanied by adult administrators , had split into groups of five , with three older boys equipped with a cell phone and cash leading two younger boys . By nightfall , the orphans had walked for hours . They spent the night on the floor of a religious school outside Mingora , after authorities re-imposed a curfew in the Swat Valley . On Monday evening the children arrived exhausted and dirty in Peshawar after traveling more than 24 hours . One of their adult chaperones estimated they had to travel on foot for more then 20 miles before eventually finding vehicle transport to complete the journey . Administrators said one of the boys , named Ubaid , somehow became separated from the rest of the group , and ended up staying behind . They say he is back at the orphanage in Mingora , being cared for by the Pakistani soldiers stationed there . "  It was a long , chaotic journey and experience that I will never forget , " said Imran Khan , one of the orphanage 's wardens . He said he had spent part of the journey carrying on his back a boy with a spinal problem . "  Swat used to be known as paradise on earth , " Khan said . "  Now it has become hell on earth . " More than 360,000 people have fled the conflict zone since May 2 .	Boys flee their Swat Valley orphanage after Taliban attack their home Army had set-up position in their building , mining the playground The boys cowered in a back room , as the fighting raged outside They eventually rode to safety on top of a bus and back of a vegetable truck
A tiny bird is frustrating game players in record numbers , again . This time it 's "  Flappy Bird , " a no-frills smartphone game that has become the most downloaded free iPhone and Android app in the past week . The game 's fluttering rise to the top has been a viral mystery . Its addictiveness and absurd level of difficulty have driven many to the brink of madness and spawned a number of online rants and hysterical reviews . The game 's concept is simple . You are steering a bird , a wide-eyed , 8-bit yellow bird with no tail and some serious navigational issues . There is only one goal . Tap the screen to make Flappy fly and navigate it safely through an obstacle course of metal pipes . Cruise through a narrow gap between pipes to get a single point . Touch a pipe , however , and the little bird dies with a loud smack , nose-diving from the pale blue sky to the ground . "  Flappy Bird " seems so easy , so completely inane that you are instantly angered by how difficult it is to keep the creature alive . Obviously you must keep playing until you get at least one point . Then , intoxicated by your hard-earned victory , you continue playing . It 's all tappity tap tap , death , anger and repeat until you notice an hour has passed , and you 've only managed to get a high score of 3 points . You are a smart , successful human with a college degree and a job , and you ca n't stop steering a bird through a little virtual maze in the hopes of a double-digit score . Side effects of playing too much "  Flappy Bird " include soreness of the tapping finger , anxiety , guilt , waves of anger and even existential crises . "  There is little else as substantive and convincing as ` Flappy Bird ' that the smartphone era has driven us to the cliff of insanity when it comes to compulsive behavior , contracting attention spans , and a desire to succeed at something arbitrary and meaningless , " says CNET 's Nick Statt in an article titled "  Flappy Bird is the embodiment of our descent into madness . " Over at Forbes , Paul Tassi wonders , "  What does that say about society as a whole ? Have we reached a level of boredom bordering on dangerous if we 're spending our time en masse on something so pointless ? " "  Flappy Bird is a condition of the universe , " says writer and game designer Ian Bogost in a 2,800-word article for The Atlantic . "  A condition in the sense of a circumstance , but also in the sense of a blight , a sickness , a stain we can not scrub out but may in time be willing to accept . A stain like our own miserable , tiny existences as players , which we nevertheless believe are more fundamental than the existence of bird flapping games or machine screws or the cold fog rising against the melting snow in the morning , " Wow . So much angst from one little app . "  Flappy Bird " was created by Dong Nguyen , a Vietnamese developer with a studio called DotGears . He did not reply to a request for an interview and has stayed mostly quiet in the wake of the game 's recent and sudden success . Nguyen did give an interview in January to Chocolate Lap Apps , saying that Western mobile games are unnecessarily complicated and that he wanted to make something simple . Even though smartphones have elevated mobile gaming with rich graphics and intricately designed apps , the platform has a history of simple , addictive games becoming incredibly popular . Witness "  Bejeweled , " "  Candy Crush " and even the early iPhone hit "  Paper Toss . " "  Flappy Bird " is just the latest in a string of smartphone games starring avians , though it makes "  Angry Birds " look like "  World of Warcraft . " One of the great mysteries of "  Flappy Bird " is why it suddenly shot to the top of the most downloaded charts . It was originally released for the iPhone in May but did n't become the top free iPhone app until mid-January , following a surge in popularity that seems to have kicked off in early December . Nguyen told Chocolate Lab Apps he created the game in two to three days and says he did not promote the app in any way after its release . There are some unproven theories floating around about the game 's sudden success , including the use of bots to get it on Top 10 lists artificially , organic enthusiasm on social media and a surge in amusing user reviews in the Apple App and Google Play stores . "  Flappy Bird " currently has an average four-star rating from more than 543,000 reviews in the Apple App Store and 228,000 on Android . Many of the reviews are lengthy , tongue-in-cheek tales of time lost , marriages ended and lives ruined by playing the game . Android users report wanting to destroy their phones in frustration by throwing them off bridges , tossing them into the blades of a helicopter or running over them with 18-wheel Mack trucks . Reviewers curse the game and warn others not to follow them down the dark hole of "  Flappy Bird . " "  My family called an exorcist to try and remove this devil game but flappy bird had already firmly gripped my soul , " said iOS user Ahhccwat . "  My boss fired me . My kids stopped talking to me . When my husband would text me , it would ruin my game . I blocked his number and rented out a hotel room . I am still in this hotel room today , " reads part of a tragic App Store tale from Bella102349 . Meanwhile , the unlikely success of "  Flappy Bird " has inspired serious analysis from developers interested in replicating its inexplicable hold over casual gamers . Is it the bird ? The high difficulty level ? The temporary respite from all but the most basic brain activity ? "  It consumes your every thought process and desire . You know you can do better so you keep playing and keep playing , " says Lyvia Haley in an Android review . She gave "  Flappy Bird " five stars and is presumably still playing it right now .	The game "  Flappy Bird " is the latest viral smartphone hit Its high difficulty level and adorable star have made it the top free iPhone and Android app "  Flappy Bird " requires gamers to navigate a flying bird through deadly hazards Game has inspired amusingly angry app reviews and oddly thoughtful essays
Princeton , New Jersey  CNN  -- American voters need to decide what they really want from Washington . On the one hand , voters are dismissive of presidential and congressional candidates who can be called "  flip-floppers , " people who shift positions or agree to compromise . On the other hand , voters rail against a dysfunctional Washington that seems unable to reach agreement on almost anything because politicians on the right and left do n't seem willing to compromise As a result , the approval ratings of Congress have fallen to only 9 % . Voters insist they want the type of candidate who wo n't compromise , and thus wo n't be able to cut the deals that are needed to break through the partisan gridlock . Indeed , the term flip-flopper has become one of the dirtiest words in American politics . When candidates have a record that reveals inconsistencies in their position , their opponents pounce . In 2004 , President George W. Bush 's campaign eviscerated Democratic presidential candidate Sen. John Kerry through a devastating campaign that focused on this point . In one television ad , Republicans showed Kerry windsurfing , arguing that this was a metaphor for his approach to politics . The narrator stated : "  In which direction would John Kerry lead ? Kerry voted for the Iraq war , opposed it , supported it and now opposes it again . ... John Kerry : whichever way the wind blows . " Right now the top candidates in both parties are viewed by many voters as flip-floppers . For some liberal Democrats , one of the biggest problems with President Obama has been that he has governed too much like President Bill Clinton . Rather than standing on principle , he has made deals . The president has consistently reached out to centrists and has been willing to accept the best that he could get , rather than challenging his opponents to a tough fight . On the other side of the aisle , there is former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney , the front-runner who Republicans love to hate . His critics argue he is a politician willing to stand for anything that will get him elected . They point to positions he has taken a stand on , issues such as abortion , health care and gay rights , and note how he later changed his stance for political expediency . In response to a question during one of the Republican debates , Texas Gov. Rick Perry said , "  I think Americans just do n't know sometimes which Mitt Romney they 're dealing with . " Erick Erickson , a CNN contributor and editor of redstate.com , wrote , "  Mitt Romney is not the George W. Bush of 2012 -- he is the Harriet Miers of 2012 , only conservative because a few conservative grand pooh-bahs tell us Mitt Romney is conservative and for no other reason . " Even before the GOP nomination battle is decided , President Obama 's surrogates such as David Plouffe are already attacking Romney as a flip-flopper . The critics of Obama and Romney are picking up on the fact that voters react negatively to candidates who shift their positions . And there are forces in both parties that are pushing for the kind of candidate who will stand firmly on principle and not negotiate with the other side . Yet if these are the ideals that we demand of our elected officials , it will certainly be more difficult to solve America 's problems . There seems to be no room any more for politicians like Sen. Everett Dirksen . The Illinois Republican and Senate Minority Leader in the 1960s was a striking figure . With his baritone voice and wavy white hair , Dirksen was a memorable politician who passionately believed in the art of compromise and was often willing to cut a deal . Indeed , his critics often complained that he was all compromise and no principle . One southern Democrat refused to join a birthday celebration for Dirksen , explaining , "  He is a delightful companion , but he changes too often for me . I never know where he is . " Dirksen did n't really care . He liked to quote Emerson as saying "  consistency is the hobgoblin of little minds , " believing the job of the legislator was to find or shape bills that could pass . As a result , he was able to make bold moves to make legislative deals even when they defied some of the core ideals of his party . Dirksen , for example , was instrumental in ending the filibuster against the Civil Rights Act of 1964 . With Southern Democrats opposing the bill , the White House depended on him to deliver enough votes to reach the 67 required to end debate and bring the bill to a vote . He delivered . Though he was not a champion of civil rights , Dirksen emerged as a towering figure on Capitol Hill as a result of this and other deals . Dirksen was not alone . Some of the most successful presidents of the 20th century did n't practice what they preached . President Franklin Roosevelt was notoriously difficult to pin down , embracing programs that appealed to the left and the right , such as cutting government spending in 1933 while expanding the regulatory power of Washington at the same time . President Ronald Reagan is often praised for having negotiated a historic agreement with the Soviet Union in 1987 , even though he had spent much of his career railing against other Republicans and Democrats who were willing to sit down and talk with the Kremlin . Of course we do n't want presidents and legislators who stand for nothing and simply move whichever way the wind blows . But flexibility and pragmatism are virtues as well . If we are to fix Washington , the city needs more figures like Dirksen , FDR , and Reagan , individuals who love the craft of politics and the art of making deals . But if the nation insists on electing politicians who have a pure partisan track record , compromise will be hard , if not impossible , to achieve . At some level , Americans will have to come to learn to love the flip-flopper if they really want to end the legislative stalemate we 've seen for more than a decade . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Julian Zelizer .	Julian Zelizer : American voters want candidates who are n't flip-floppers But they also criticize Washington for failing to solve America 's problems , he says Reaching agreement on legislation takes compromise , Zelizer says Zelizer : There seems no room anymore for figures who bring parties together
Johannesburg  CNN  -- A British private security firm is denying claims its employees administered electric shocks and injected inmates with anti-psychotic drugs at a maximum security prison it ran in South Africa . The claims came to light through Ruth Hopkins , a human rights investigator with the Wits University Justice Project , who said she started her probe after receiving dozens of letters detailing abuse at the Mangaung Correctional Centre near Bloemfontein , in the central part of the country . Leaked videos also made their way to Hopkins , including one in which she says the sound of electric shocks can be heard , and someone screaming in excruciating pain . The security company , G4S , told CNN it does not use any form of torture or shock treatment , and that G4S staff and Mangaung Correctional services do not administer medication nor have access to it . G4S insists only independent , certified medical staff administer medications , not G4S security personnel . "  The role of G4S staff is to prevent prisoners who are being treated from causing harm to other prisoners and staff . This is in accordance with the relevant legal guidelines , " the company said in a statement on its website Monday . A representative for the company said the allegations are being taken very seriously and the company would be launching its own investigation into the matter . The South African government is also investigating the actions of G4S and the independent medical team based at the prison . The results of that probe could come as early as Friday . Although it no longer runs the facility , G4S said in its statement there is "  an active and independent inspection regime in place at the Mangaung prison , and there have never been any allegations or concerns regarding anything of this nature . " Hopkins told CNN that her investigation also revealed "  that the prison was also forcibly injecting these inmates with anti-psychotic medication , according to the accounts of the inmates . " One video leaked to Hopkins shows uniformed G4S employees holding down a struggling inmate as he is given an injection . "  I am not an animal ! " he is heard screaming . Hopkins said a health care worker reported that a certified medical staffer who is not a G4S employee gave the inmate an anti-psychotic drug despite no record of psychosis . The videos were shot by G4S employees themselves . According to its contract with the South African government , the security team is obligated to document its actions and only allowed to use force under strict guidelines . The company says it can not verify the authenticity of the videos and strongly denies all allegations of mistreatment at the prison , which houses 3,000 inmates and is the second-largest private prison in the world , according to G4S . Documents obtained by Hopkins suggest the problems at the prison have been going on for some time . In 2010 , a Department of Correctional Services employee filed a classified memo to his superiors stating that the "  state is being milked for work not done " and that the company uses "  the cheapest methods " at the prison , describing the use of electric shock as routine . More than 300 G4S employees at the prison went on strike earlier this month , complaining of being ill-equipped and understaffed . The company responded by firing hundreds of them , which was followed by more violence at the notorious prison . The government ended up firing the firm , saying it had "  lost effective control over the facility . " GS4 has contracts across the globe , including with U.S. Customs , Baghdad International Airport security , the Wimbledon tennis championships and dozens of red-carpet events . But it 's not the first time the company has come under scrutiny . GS4 won the lucrative London Olympics contract to provide security staff for events , but was n't able to perform all its duties , forcing the British government to call in additional troops to secure the games .	The Mangaung Correctional Centre houses 3,000 violent offenders The South African government fired the British security firm that ran the prison Officials said G4S had "  lost effective control " of the facility Inmates , employees accuse firm of using electric shocks , other abuse
CNN  -- All the talk of phone-hacking this summer has brought the thorny issue of mobile device security to the forefront of the news agenda . But even the most scurrilous hack of Fleet Street would be amazed at the talents of the some of the dedicated hackers of cyberspace , who are now targeting mobile devices with great audacity . iPhones , iPads , BlackBerrys , Windows 7 phones and Android users routinely use shared networks in public places , which leaves them all susceptible to infiltration . Unless these networks have been properly secured , freely available browser add-ons and apps can help hackers seize control of personal data at the touch of a button . Meanwhile so-called "  drive-by download " attacks lie invisibly in wait on web-pages or in malicious emails then compromise the machine of anyone unfortunate enough to visit . It means that the person using a laptop in a coffee shop may look like they are just checking their Facebook page , but they might just as easily be accessing yours . They could also be flicking through your contacts book , copying your email , or seizing your online banking details . At 44Con , a recent security conference in London , a talk by Josh Pennell , the founder of the computer security consultancy IOActive , carried the teaser : "  They watch you sleep , they watch you work , they hold all your personal and professional data , and they sacrifice security for performance and usability . Your mobile devices present attackers with a 24/7 threat surface  and do n't think the hackers have n't noticed  . " None of the most popular devices are immune . In 2009 , for instance , a hack resulted in 145,000 BlackBerry users having their email forwarded to servers in the United Arab Emirates . Pennell also described an attack on the network of an airport in Israel , which threatened anyone using Bluetooth in the terminal . Pennell showed a battery charger that had been modified to serve as a hacking device , and even spoke of an attack to iPhone and iPad users that came through malicious coding attached to bonus levels of Angry Birds . According to a recent report , the success of Google 's Android operating system has resulted in a 400 % increase in Android-specific malware since 2010 . Furthermore a commonly distributed app for Android called FaceNiff actually makes hacking possible through the handset itself . After a simple download , a FaceNiff user can hijack any number of social media profiles over a Wi-Fi connection in a process that takes less than two minutes . "  Your Facebook or YouTube account could be hijacked with someone using little more than a cheap second-hand phone from eBay , " said information security professional Steve Lord . For all the exceptional sophistication of attacks on mobile devices , however , sometimes the greatest risks to data leakage remain the most prosaic . "  We 've seen executives leave laptops on buses or in the back of taxis , " said Matt Adams , a manager in Deloitte 's security and resilience team . "  What they 're doing now is potentially leaving their mobile device behind , and those devices now can carry just as much data as the laptop did . " Adams advises businesses on the specific challenges encountered when an executive buys a smart phone or an iPad and begins using it for business as well as pleasure . Companies will usually have tightly managed internal networks , with firewalls , encryption , etc. for ensuring security of their data . But once executives begin using their own device , and accessing networks elsewhere , the threats multiply significantly . A recent YouGov study , for instance , found that only around 6 % of mobile devices have even basic anti-virus software installed . "  Typically users have n't learned to regard their mobile devices as the same risk , " Adams said . In addition to the simple education of users , Adams advises businesses to develop clear policies governing user-owned devices to avoid difficult confrontations with staff if a device is lost , stolen or compromised . "  If users use a device that contains their personal phone book and treasured photos , and that device also contains sensitive business data , who gets the call on whether the whole of that device is erased ? " he said . "  That 's quite a tricky question in hindsight unless you 've addressed it . " Security experts have touted the idea of "  split personality " phones , with an inbuilt division between personal and business data . Adams also ran through the pros and cons of mobile device management software , such as Mobile Iron , which allow businesses to keep a permanent inventory and track their registered handsets . Such systems can manage passwords and encryptions , and even cut down on expenses by finding the best roaming charges for devices overseas . However some employees may feel that their privacy is jeopardized by software that essentially tracks their movement across the globe . "  It is a significant but manageable problem , " said Adams , adding that businesses are slowly beginning to talk more seriously about the key issues . "  I just hope we do n't see too many major security breaches caused by a failure to manage or use mobile devices properly . "	Drive-by download attacks can come from mallicious emails or web pages An Android app can turn a smart phone into a hacking device within minutes Personal information can then be a risk Information security experts say many do n't see smart phones as at risk
CNN  -- Filippo Inzaghi rescued a point for AC Milan as they drew 1-1 against Catania at the San Siro , Saturday . The goal was Inzaghi 's 123rd for the club and puts him just one behind the club record of 124 held by Dutchman Marco van Basten . Milan , who opened their 2010 Champions League campaign with a 2-0 win over French side Auxerre in midweek , failed to spark in a disappointing display . Ciro Capuano gave Catania the lead in the 27th minute before Inzaghi equalized just before half time . Fiorentina lost for the second weekend running , beaten 2-1 at home by Lazio . Nineteen-year-old Adem Ljalic handed Fiorentina the lead when he scored from the penalty spot in the 19th minute . But goals from Argentine Cristian Ledesma in the 32nd minute Czech international Libor Kozak scored the winner after 67 minutes sealed Fiorentina 's fate . The result leaves them languishing near the bottom of the table in 17th place . Meanwhile in Spain 's La Liga , Michael Laudrup enjoyed his first win in charge of Real Mallorca as they beat Osasuna 2-0 at home on Saturday . Mallorca registered their first goal of the season with a Chori Castro penalty after 25 minutes , awarded for a handball by Osasuna 's Miguel Flano . The islanders made sure of the win deep into injury time with a goal from by Dutch midfielder Jonathan de Guzman . The result moves Mallorca up to seventh in La Liga . Elsewhere , Espanyol moved up to third place in the table after they defeated Almeria 1-0 , courtesy of a Jose Callejon goal after 47 minutes . Athletic Bilbao came from two goals down to draw with Sporting Gijon . Gijon were two nil up within 25 minutes thanks to goals from Miguel de las Cuevas and Argentine Gaston Sangoy . But Bilbao responded with goals from Carlos Gurpegui in the 29th minute followed by an equalizer on the hour mark from Spanish international Fernando Llorente .	Wins for Real Mallorca , Espanyol and Athletic Bilbao snatch draw with Sporting Gijon In Italy , AC Milan record disappointing 1-1 draw with Catania Fiorentina slump to second successive league defeat against Lazio
CNN  -- As thousands of Democrats converge on Denver for the party 's 45th convention , history will be made by officially nominating Sen. Barack Obama , the first African-American presidential nominee of a major U.S. political party . A worker prepares the stage for the Democratic convention in Denver , which also hosted the Democrats in 1908 . But what about all the other history and trivia at the Democratic convention ? Check out these tidbits of convention history and political trivia . The convention The 2008 Democratic National Convention is being held later in the year than any previous convention for either party not already holding the White House . Obama 's acceptance speech on Thursday at this year 's convention falls on the 45th anniversary of Martin Luther King Jr. 's "  I Have a Dream " speech . The first Democratic convention was held in Baltimore , Maryland , in 1832 at which President Andrew Jackson was nominated for a second term . Since 1996 , the Democrats have scheduled the vice president nominee 's acceptance speech on Wednesday night instead of Thursday , when the presidential nominee speaks . This Wednesday , the convention will conduct a roll call vote to officially select Obama as the presidential nominee . Democrats have held a state-by-state roll call vote at every convention since 1964 when Lyndon Johnson was approved by acclamation . The last time a Democratic presidential roll call went more than one ballot was in 1952 . Adlai Stevenson was selected on the third ballot . This year , Hillary Clinton 's name will be placed in nomination Wednesday in a nod to her historic campaign . She is the first woman ever to win more than one presidential primary . She won 23 contests . The Democratic convention in New York in 1924 was the longest in history -- 17 days . Watch the best and worst of conventions " The Democratic convention in Baltimore in 1872 was the shortest in history -- six hours . The location The first three days of the convention will be held at the Pepsi Center which is home to the NBA 's Denver Nuggets and seats about 20,000 people . Obama will give his acceptance speech on Thursday at Invesco Field which is home to the Denver Broncos and seats about 76,000 people . John F. Kennedy was the last presidential nominee to give an acceptance speech outdoors when he spoke at the Los Angeles Coliseum in 1960 . Denver has hosted one other party convention , also Democratic , in 1908 . It was the first convention held by a major party in a Western state . Democrats nominated William Jennings Bryan who eventually lost the election to the Republican nominee , William Howard Taft . The candidates , past and present If Obama is elected , he will be the third president from Illinois , following Abraham Lincoln and Ulysses S. Grant . Sen. Joe Biden will be the first Delawarean to serve on a major party 's national ticket . And how often has a presidential candidate turned to someone he ran against for his running mate ? Since 1900 , the Democrats have done it seven times ; the GOP , eight times . In 1932 , Franklin Roosevelt became the first presidential nominee to deliver an acceptance speech in person at a convention . Frederick Douglass was the first African-American to receive a vote for president at a major party 's convention . Douglass received one vote at the 1888 GOP convention . Washington minister Channing Phillips was the first African-American to receive a vote for president at a Democratic convention . Phillips received 67.5 votes at the Democrats ' 1968 convention . In 1896 , 36-year-old Democrat William Jennings Bryan became the youngest person to win a major party 's presidential nomination . The delegates More than 4,000 delegates will attend the Democratic convention . An estimated 15,000 members of the media will also be on hand . The oldest delegate at this year 's Democratic convention is 91-year-old Sophie Masloff of Pennsylvania . The youngest is 17-year-old David Gilbert Pederson from Minnesota . Slightly more than half of this year 's Democratic convention delegates are women : 50.1 percent . Almost half of the delegates at this year 's Democratic convention -- - 44.3 percent - - - represent minority communities . African-Americans make up almost 24.5 percent of this year 's delegation , the largest share in Democratic convention history . The first African-American delegates to a Democratic national convention were seated in 1936 . The first African-American delegates to a Republican national convention were seated in 1868 . The first woman delegate to a Democratic national convention was seated in 1908 . She was from Colorado . The first woman delegate to a Republican national convention was seated in 1900 . She was from Utah . Robert Yoon and Alan Silverleib contributed to this report .	The longest Democratic convention was 17 days ; the shortest -- six hours FDR was the first to give acceptance speech in person at a convention More than 4,000 delegates will be on hand for this year 's Democratic convention The youngest delegate is 17-year-old David Gilbert Pederson from Minnesota
CNN  -- A man who allegedly tried to break into the home of a recently widowed Oklahoma woman -- who shot and killed his alleged fellow intruder after calling 911 -- was freed Thursday on bail despite a first-degree murder charge , a court clerk said . Although he did not fire the fatal shot , 29-year-old Dustin Louis Stewart is charged with first-degree felony murder in the incident because if someone dies during the commission of certain crimes , such as burglary , an alleged accomplice can be charged in the death , prosecutors have said . A hearing for Stewart was held Thursday in the central Oklahoma city of Chickasha , five days after the incident . During that hearing , Stewart posted the $ 50,000 bond and was released , Grady County court clerk Jessica Pickle told CNN . Prosecutors recommended that $ 50,000 be set as the bail amount , according to a court document . Stewart was ordered not to have any contact with the alleged victim -- in this case , Sarah Dawn McKinley , who fired the fatal shot -- and to appear next in court the morning of January 20 . A preliminary hearing in the case is set for May 23 , the document signed by Stewart states . The incident has caught the nation 's attention because part of the action was captured during a 911 conversation . Home alone with her 3-month-old son , McKinley of Blanchard , Oklahoma , said she decided to make a stand when the two men tried to break into her home on New Year 's Eve . McKinley , who had been widowed less than a week before , placed a couch in front of one door and went to the bedroom and put a bottle in her baby 's mouth before calling 911 , she said on HLN 's "  Dr. Drew " on Wednesday . A 911 operator calmly spoke with McKinley , who asked if it was permissible to shoot an intruder , officials said . "  I 've got two guns in my hand . Is it OK to shoot him if he comes in this door ? " asked McKinley , 18 . "  Well , you have to do whatever you can do to protect yourself , " dispatcher Diane Graham responded . "  I ca n't tell you that you can do that , but you do what you have to do to protect your baby . " In the end , McKinley fired a 12-gauge shotgun and killed Justin Shane Martin after he entered her home , according to a Blanchard Police Department affidavit filed in court Wednesday . Martin was armed with a knife , authorities said . "  You have to make a choice , you or him . I chose my son over him , " McKinley said to CNN Oklahoma City affiliate KWTV . First Assistant District Attorney James Walters told CNN that McKinley will not be charged because she acted in self-defense . "  A person has the right to protect themselves , their family and their property , " Walters said . As for the 911 operator 's guidance ? "  I would agree with that advice , " the prosecutor said . It 's not uncommon for charges to be filed against an alleged accomplice in cases where two people are committing a crime and a death occurs , even that of a co-conspirator , said Trent Baggett , assistant executive coordinator at the Oklahoma District Attorneys Council . "  It 's all dependent upon if the situation warrants it and the facts warrant it , " he said . " ... If in the commission of a qualifying offense , someone gets killed , then yes ,  first-degree murder charges  can and probably will be filed upon the person who does n't die . " Even if they did n't pull the trigger themselves ? "  Under Oklahoma law , it does n't matter , " Baggett said . And people have been convicted of first-degree murder under such circumstances , he added . Graham was the first of two 911 operators to speak with McKinley . The dispatcher told HLN 's Jane Velez-Mitchell on Wednesday she learned in training that she could not tell a caller to shoot someone but , "  as a mother , I wanted her to protect her baby . " "  She did a very good job in keeping her  McKinley  calm , " Grady County Sheriff Art Kell said of Graham . "  Her job is to make sure the person on the phone is comfortable ... to give them support . " McKinley was on the phone with a second dispatcher when she pulled the trigger . McKinley 's husband died of cancer on Christmas Day , Walters said . Evidence indicates Martin and Stewart may have been looking for painkillers or other drugs taken by McKinley 's ill husband , the assistant prosecutor said . Investigators found no such drugs , he told CNN . Police said Stewart told them Martin knew McKinley 's husband had died , according to CNN affiliate KOCO . Martin suspected prescription drugs would be inside the home , the station reported , citing court documents . McKinley said she believes the men were coming after her , rather than intending to commit a robbery . According to the affidavit , the men approached McKinley 's mobile home Saturday afternoon . Martin had devised a plan to burglarize the residence , police said . Stewart told investigators he and Martin ingested hydrocodone about 30 minutes before reaching the rural home , the affidavit states . Martin "  aggressively " knocked on the doors of the home and gained entry by hitting one of them with his shoulder , police said . Stewart said "  he heard a gunshot after Martin entered the residence , " and Stewart then "  fled on foot . " McKinley said she had pushed the couch against the door to deter entry . "  When he busted in the door I saw something shimmering in his hand , " the mother told HLN . "  I thought it was a pistol at first , but it was a 12-inch hunting knife . I did n't know  that  until after I shot and killed him . " Martin , 24 , was found between the door and a couch with a knife clutched in his gloved left hand , police said . CNN 's calls to police in Blanchard , about 25 miles south of downtown Oklahoma City , were not immediately returned . Stewart 's attorney , Stephen Buzin , told CNN he would not comment on specifics of the case against his client . "  We will let the facts come out at trial and feel comfortable with his innocence , " the attorney said . Martin recently had approached McKinley 's home , saying he wanted to introduce himself , Walters said . The man said he worked for the owner of the property on which McKinley lived , she told HLN . McKinley , who in addition to the shotgun was also armed with a pistol , was on the phone with authorities for 21 minutes , Walters said . "  She remained as calm as one could under the circumstances and had the forethought and called 911 , as everyone should , " he said . McKinley was asked on "  Dr. Drew " whether she regretted shooting Martin . "  No . We could have been in a whole different situation if I had n't done it , " she replied . Read more about this story from CNN affiliate KWTV . Watch ISSUES with Jane Velez-Mitchell Monday through Sunday at 7pm ET on HLN . For the latest from ISSUES click here .	NEW : The accused man ca n't have contact with the shooter , a court document says He posts a $ 50,000 bond that had been requested by prosecutors , a court clerk says Sarah McKinley fired a gun after checking with a 911 dispatcher , killing the intruder Alleged accomplice Dustin Louis Stewart is charged with murder , though he did n't fire a gun
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- The relatives of two Pakistani men killed by an American CIA contractor received a total of about $ 2.3 million in "  blood money , " which helped secure the suspect 's release , a local official said . Raymond Davis killed the two men in Lahore in January , sparking a diplomatic tussle that strained relations between the United States and Pakistan . One of the victims was Faizan Haider , whose wife and mother both acknowledged the compensation in court records . "  I have pardoned the American Raymond Davis who killed my husband on January 27th after receiving a blood money of $ 292 , 375 , " the victim 's wife , Zahra Shahzad , stated in her affidavit submitted to court . "  I received this money without any pressure or greed . " The victim 's mother also submitted an affidavit stating the same thing , except for her compensation , which she said was $ 389,443 , court records show . Haider 's legal heirs got a total of $ 1,161,349 in "  blood money , " records said . His heirs are a mother , a wife , three brothers and five sisters . His mother received the highest amount . Rana Sanaullah , the provincial law minister of Punjab province , told CNN legal heirs of Fahim Shamshad , the other victim , received the same total . Relatives of both victims got a total of $ 2.34 million from the U.S. government , Sanaullah said . Davis has said the shooting occurred when the two men tried to rob him at gunpoint as he drove through a busy Lahore neighborhood . The United States sought his release from a Lahore jail , where he has been held since January on grounds of diplomatic immunity . He was released Wednesday and is now in Kabul , Afghanistan , for medical examination and rest , according to a U.S. official not authorized to speak for attribution . "  Everybody laughs about my intuition but I just knew in my gut that he would be home , " his wife , Rebecca , told reporters outside their home in Highland Park , Colorado . "  It was n't a pleasant thing , but it could have been so much worse . " The decision to release Davis was made by the Pakistanis , and there was "  no quid pro quo " between Washington and Islamabad , the U.S. official said . The official declined to comment on whether there was an exchange of the so-called "  blood money . " U.S. officials originally said Davis was a diplomat and later revealed that he is a CIA contractor , intensifying the already highly charged situation . The killings sparked an outcry in the Asian nation , a key U.S. ally in the war against al Qaeda and Taliban militants in neighboring Afghanistan . They also led to tensions between the two nations , with Congress warning Pakistani leaders that billions of dollars in U.S. aid were in jeopardy unless he was released . Secretary of State Hillary Clinton applauded the release , but stressed that the U.S. government did not compensate the families . She would not say whether the Pakistanis or a third party did . "  We also have a Department of Justice investigation that has begun into what happened in Lahore . And we 've communicated our strong support for the relationship between Pakistan and the United States , which we consider to be of strategic importance , " Clinton said during a news conference Wednesday . Davis had been charged with murder and illegal possession of a firearm , the lawyer said . He appeared in a Lahore court after the payment was made and was acquitted of the charges in accordance with an Islamic practice known as diyat , or compensation , the lawyer said . "  Diyat , " a part of Islamic law that is enshrined in Pakistan 's penal code , allows victims to pardon a murderer with or without being paid "  blood money , " said Saeed U Zaman Saddiqi , the former chief justice of Pakistan 's Supreme Court . CNN 's Pam Benson , Adam Levine and Michael Martinez , and journalists Nick Paton Walsh and Nasir Habib contributed to this report	NEW : Victims of both families get a total of about $ 2.3 million , official says Davis says he shot the two men in Lahore after they attacked him The killings spark a diplomatic tussle between the U.S. and Pakistan Pakistan is key U.S. ally in the war against terror
CNN  A professor at Texas A&M Galveston said in an email to his strategic management students that they were a disgrace , that they lacked maturity -- and that he would fail the entire class . Irwin Horwitz , an instructional associate professor in the university 's department of maritime administration , told CNN affiliate KPRC that he had finally reached a breaking point . "  Enough was enough , " Horwitz said . "  It became apparent that they could n't do just some of the most simple and basic things that they should 've been able to do at that point . " In the email to students , KPRC reported , Horwitz said : "  I have seen cheating , been told by students to ` chill out , ' ` get out of my space , ' ` go back and teach ' refuse to leave the room after being told to do so following inappropriate conduct , called a ` f ***** g moron ' several times by a student to my face ... " Horwitz added that students spread hurtful rumors about him , his wife and colleagues , and that he felt the need for police protection in class . John Shaw , a senior at Texas A&M Galveston and student in Horwitz 's class , told KPRC he was worried about the job he has lined up after graduation . "  Just ridiculous , because , I mean , I had never had a problem in the class , " Shaw said . "  I thought I had done pretty well , done pretty well on the first test and everything else that 's going on . I get an email saying I am going to get an F in the class , and just kind of -- it was overwhelming . " Texas A&M Galveston is a part of the Texas A&M University System ; its more than 2,000 students focus on marine and maritime studies . Patrick Louchouarn , the vice president for academic affairs and chief academic officer , told KPRC that the university will not necessarily stand by the failing grades Horwitz planned to hand out . University officials said the department head will take over teaching the strategic management class . "  None of them have failed until the end of the class , meaning the only reason a student would fail is because he or she has n't performed the actual , you know , with the expectations for that particular class , " Louchouarn said . University officials have not yet responded to CNN 's request for comment .	A Texas A&M Galveston professor said in an email to students he would fail the entire class University officials wo n't necessarily stand by failing grades , CNN affiliate KPRC reports
CNN  -- She 's one of Great Britain 's brightest medal hopes ahead of the London Olympics but Jessica Ennis is n't relying on home comforts to help land her a maiden Games gold . The heptathlete has had numerous chances to visit the newly-built Olympic Stadium in the east of the English capital and steal a march on her rivals . But the 25-year-old insists she wants her first trip to the arena to come when she takes to the track to make up for the disappointment of missing the 2008 Games in Beijing . "  There 's been lots of opportunities to go , I 've seen pictures of it and it looks fantastic , but for me I do n't want to become overly familiar with it , " she told CNN World Sport . "  I want to go down to the stadium when it 's games time and for me to step into the stadium with a big crowd and it will all be fresh and new and allow that adrenaline to pump through me . "  Hopefully that will get into my performance and help me perform that little bit better . " Ennis broke through at the 2009 World Championships when she claimed gold in Berlin but last year in Daegu , South Korea , she relinquished her title to Russia 's Tatyana Chernova . More disappointment followed at March 's World Indoor Championships in Istanbul , where she again was pipped to gold , this time in the pentathlon , by Ukrainian Nataliya Dobrynska . But she says both experiences have helped her to understand exactly what will be required to win gold in front of her home fans in August . "  Obviously I was disappointed with Daegu and Istanbul , getting so close to those gold medals but not quite managing to keep hold of them was disappointing , " she said . "  But I learned a lot from those championships and learned a lot about the areas I need to work on and improve . "  If someone had said to me five years ago that I 'd have three gold medals at major championships and two silver medals then I 'd have grabbed that with both hands . "  The thing I 've got to take from these past couple of championships is that I 've performed consistently over the past few years and always been in the medals . " Too young to compete at Athens in 2004 , Ennis was on course to make her Olympic debut in China in 2008 , until a foot injury forced her to withdraw . Given the impact she has made on UK athletics , and the high-profile she has enjoyed since Berlin , many people forget that this will be her first ever Games . But she says although her battle with Chernova and Dobrynska is bound to be intense , she is determined to approach the Olympics as she would any other event . "  Having the disappointment from Beijing it 's obviously going to be a big year for me , " she said . "  But I 've done lots of championships before , I 've had the experience there and I 've competed against these girls on numerous occasions so I 'm just treating it as any other championship . "	Heptathlete Jessica Ennis says she wo n't visit Olympic Stadium until it is time to compete The UK athlete wants her first trip to provide her with extra adrenalin to help her win gold Ennis won gold at the World Championships in 2009 but had to settle for silver in 2011 The London Games will be her first Olympics after injury forced her to miss Beijing in 2008
CNN  -- The Cuban government , long the object of a U.S. economic blockade , is prepared to meet with the Obama administration , Cuba 's leader said . Ral Castro says Cuba is willing "  to discuss everything -- human rights , freedom of the press , political prisoners . " "  We 've told the North American government , in private and in public , that we are prepared , wherever they want , to discuss everything -- human rights , freedom of the press , political prisoners -- everything , everything , everything that they want to discuss , " Cuban President Ral Castro said Thursday at a summit of leftist Latin American leaders in Venezuela . The response came days after President Obama lifted all restrictions on the ability of American citizens to visit relatives in Cuba as well as to send them remittances . Travel restrictions for Americans of non-Cuban descent will remain in place . This week 's move represents a significant shift in a U.S. policy that had remained largely unchanged for nearly half a century . The U.S. government instituted the embargo three years after Fidel Castro came to power in 1959 . In Mexico City for meetings with Mexican President Felipe Calderon , Obama offered a carrot and a stick to Havana . "  What we 're looking for is some signal that there are going to be changes in how Cuba operates that assures that political prisoners are released , that people can speak their minds freely , that they can travel , that they can write and attend church and do the things that people throughout the hemisphere can do and take for granted , " he said . "  And if there is some sense of movement on those fronts in Cuba , then I think we can see a further thawing of relations and further changes . " Obama 's gesture precedes a trip this week to Trinidad and Tobago for a key meeting of hemispheric powers -- the Summit of the Americas . Watch how Obama likely will hear about Cuba at the summit "	Cuba 's president responds after President Obama eases some travel restrictions Island nation has long been the object of a U.S. economic blockade Obama says U.S. is looking for signal of "  changes in how Cuba operates " Cuba-U.S. relations likely will be an issue at the Summit of the Americas
Cairo  CNN  -- To say that Elhamy Elzayat misses the glory days when huge numbers of visitors flocked to Egypt 's ancient sites is probably an understatement . A veteran of the travel industry who now heads the Egyptian Tourism Federation , he 's seen his business take hit after hit as the country 's stability unraveled in the wake of the 2011 Arab Spring . "  I have six cruise ships , " he laments . "  They are not operating for three years now . " Better times could soon be around the corner . Elections this month to choose a new president are seen by many as an opportunity to draw a line under months of turmoil and return to stability . The vote is likely , however , to raise fresh concerns over visitor safety and ongoing outbreaks of sometimes deadly violence . Yet Elzayat is optimistic that , despite the problems , a new marketing campaign will succeed in winning back the visitors he and the rest of the country 's tourism industry so sorely miss . Egypt 's Ministry of Tourism launched its "  We miss you " message earlier this month , using social media to promote a glossy video that portrays the nation as a luxury destination for big spenders . Instead of focusing on the country 's famed antiquities , the video features dancers , shopping malls and ritzy hotels . Campaign 's crucial timing "  I expect this campaign to bear fruit by the beginning of August , " Elzayat says . The timing and the tone of the "  miss you " message is crucial . With Egypt 's traditional visitors from North America and Europe not expected to return in their previous numbers for years to come , the country is instead turning to wealthy Arabs from Persian Gulf nations . Up to 70 % of Egypt 's tourists have traditionally come from Europe , with the Gulf making up another 20 % . The greatest numbers in recent times have come from Russia , followed by Germany , the UK , Italy and France . The hope is that shortfalls in traditional visitors can be made up by encouraging Arabs , particularly from Kuwait , Saudi Arabia , the United Arab Emirates and Bahrain , to consider Cairo as a travel destination for this year 's Eid holiday . The end to the traditional Muslim fasting month of Ramadan is due to fall on July 28 . "  Arabs are definitely high spenders , " says Elzayat . "  They shop . They gamble . They drink . They do everything . " In contrast , he says , visitors from Russia and the UK , in particular , tend to go on low-cost tours . "  You do n't have big spenders coming from Russia , " he says . "  Some of the Arabs , they are spending hundreds of thousands of dollars in three days . " Gambling and drinking Gulf Arabs are known for their love of Egyptian nightclubs and casinos , engaging in activities -- gambling and consuming alcohol -- that are forbidden in their home countries . Night is the preferred time for these tourists . Big money is dropped at casinos , in particular , the Omar Khayyam at the five-star Marriott Hotel on central Cairo 's upscale Zamalek island . During a recent midday visit to the casino , before the "  We miss you " campaign has had a chance to do its work , five middle-aged Kuwaiti men could be seen at the roulette wheel . In a matter of less than half an hour , thousands of dollars were laid out in plastic chips , and lost . It 's money that 's desperately needed . Since the January 2011 revolution that removed President Hosni Mubarak , Egypt 's tourism industry has suffered deep losses , estimated at more than $ 2.5 billion on the back of a 32 % drop in visitor numbers . The tourism federation says those that do visit the country are making shorter trips , leading to a 43 % drop in hotel occupancy . "  But the big disaster is the decrease in the average spending , " Elzayat says , pointing out that the average outlays were higher even two decades ago when the Iraqi invasion of Kuwait and subsequent Gulf War was hurting business . "  It 's down to $ 60 -LSB- a day -RSB- for all tourists . If you compare this figure to 1992 , it was $ 135 . " The tourism ministry says its "  We miss you " campaign -- or "  Wahash toonah " in Arabic -- aims to portray Egypt as a destination unruffled by upheavals , including the resurgence of violence that followed the 2013 ouster and arrest of former leader Mohamed Morsy . "  Life has never been interrupted in any of the cities , " says ministry spokeswoman Rasha Azaizi . "  Egypt is still a safe destination , if you know where you are going and what you are doing . " Despite the ministry 's assurances of safety , calm has not entirely returned to Cairo , home to some 20 million people . Travel warnings The U.S. Department of State continues to warn travelers that ongoing political and social unrest in major cities has increased the risk of violence , including gun and explosive attacks . It warns that women have been targeted in sexual assaults . In one incident on May 19 , three policemen were killed and nine others injured when unknown gunmen opened fire near a university . The attack took place when security forces confronted students loyal to Morsy 's Muslim Brotherhood who were protesting against the military-led government in charge since the former leader 's arrest . A government spokesman , Ehab Badawy , characterized the latest incident as an attempt to disrupt Egypt 's democratic process . He pledged that a crackdown that has seen 16,000 people arrested would "  create a peaceful and stable and prosperous future . " "  There is no place in Egyptian society for those who resort to violence of any kind in an attempt to undermine the state , " he said in a statement . One day after the killings , a trickle of foreign tourists could be seen entering Cairo 's Egyptian Museum , home to the treasures of Tutankhamun 's tomb , apparently unaware of the most recent attack . Brian Klipstein , 22 , said he had flown in from Chicago a day earlier and had gotten up at 4:30 am Tuesday to begin a two-day visit to Egypt . He managed to tour both the Giza and Saqqara pyramids before arriving at the Egyptian Museum . "  I really like what there is to see , " he said . "  At the same time , it 's not an easy travel . " The Egyptian Museum is located on the edge of iconic Tahrir Square , the epicenter of the protests that pushed President Hosni Mubarak from office in 2011 , and Morsy in 2013 . To reach the museum 's main entrance , Klipstein walked along a side street lined with 24 Egyptian Army tanks . "  It 's a little intimidating , but it 's actually a bit reassuring , " he said . Aniqua Bokhari , another American visiting the museum , is in Cairo for the summer , interning at a UN agency . She has an unusual perspective , having been present in Egypt during the 2011 revolution and again when Morsy was removed . "  I feel completely safe , " said Bokhari , 24 , adding that she felt at ease in Cairo because her dark looks mean she is sometimes mistaken for an Egyptian . "  I say it all the time , I love Egypt and I love Egyptians . This is my favorite place . " Carol Berger is a journalist based in Cairo who writes for publications including the Guardian and the Los Angeles Review of Books .	Tourism experts in Egypt say revenues are down by nearly $ 2.5 billion as visitor numbers plummet Egypt 's new "  We miss you " campaign targets wealthy Arabs from Gulf nations The campaign has been launched in time for the Eid holiday , marking end of Muslim fasting month of Ramadan Traditional visitors from North America and Europe not expected to return in their previous numbers for years to come
CNN  -- Goals from Gonzalo Higuain and , who else , Cristiano Ronaldo helped Real Madrid claim their first trophy of the season on Wednesday night against arch rivals Barcelona , who had to play for more than an hour with ten men after Adriano was shown a straight red card in the 27th minute . Barcelona had won the first leg 3-2 , but Madrid 's pair of away goals proved vital as their 2-1 win at the Bernabeau handed them the title on away goals . The Catalan side have won the last three Supercups . Madrid showed they had recovered from their poor start to the league season with an incredible opening spell that overwhelmed their opponents . Gonzalo Higuain got the stadium rocking with a goal in the 11th minute , as he latched on to a hopeful long ball that Barcelona defender Javier Mascherano completely misjudged , and fired past a helpless Victor Valdes . Barely seven minutes later Madrid doubled their lead . Another long ball caused panic among the Barcelona defence - this time the normally impeccable Gerard Pique was at fault -- and Ronaldo was perfectly placed to make the most of the chaos . The Portuguese striker flicked a delightful ball over Pique before dispatching the ball into Valdes ' bottom corner to leave the Barcelona defense in shell shock . Ten minutes later , Barcelona 's capitulation was complete as Adriano , playing out of position at left back after a pre match injury to Dani Alves forced Jordi Alba to switch flanks with the Brazilian , was shown a deserved red card for hauling down Ronaldo as he broke through on goal . On the stroke of half time , Lionel Messi hauled his side back in to the tie with an incredible 28 yard free kick that whistled past Iker Casillas on its way into the top corner . Barcelona improved in the second half , but could n't find a way through a resolute Madrid defense . Even when they did break through the back four , Spain captain Iker Casillas showed why he is one of the most respected goalkeepers in the world with a series of outstanding saves . With ten minutes to go , Real manager introduced $ 50m signing Luka Modric for his debut following his move from Tottenham Hotspur .	Real Madrid beat Barcelona on away goals to take first trophy of season Explosive first 30 minutes prove too much for Tito Vilanova 's Barcelona side Gonzalo Higuain and Cristiano Ronaldo on target for Los Blancos Luka Modric makes debut for Jose Mourinho 's side
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- About 30 U.S. military personnel are training members of Pakistan 's Frontier Corps on how to fight Taliban and al Qaeda militants in Pakistan 's tribal regions , according to several U.S. military sources . A missile , perhaps from a U.S. drone , hit a Taliban school Thursday in Pakistan 's North Waziristan province . The Pakistanis trained by the U.S. contingent -- which includes Army Special Forces troops -- will in turn become trainers for Frontier Corps troops on the front lines fighting the militants , the sources said . Pakistani Lt. Col. Attique Rehman confirmed the same details to CNN on Saturday . Pentagon spokesman Geoff Morrell said on Wednesday that U.S. military trainers have been in Pakistan and the mission "  has been stepped up , but it still remains very , very small . " "  But the hope is that the more trainers we train , the more effective they will be in training their forces and the more capable forces will then be able to take the fight to the militants in the tribal areas where they operate , " Morrell said . The mission comes as the U.S. military and the Pakistanis confer about how to train , arm and equip some tribal militias in the fight against militants in the tribal areas . Members of the Frontier Corps are ethnic Pashtuns recruited from Pakistan 's tribal region . They are on the front lines in the fight against militants along the Afghan border but they 've long had a reputation of being poorly trained and underfunded . CNN Pentagon Correspondent Barbara Starr contributed to this report .	About 30 U.S. military personnel in Pakistan , sources say Frontier Corps being taught how to fight Taliban , al Qaeda militants Training focuses on Pakistan 's tribal region , which borders Afghanistan Frontier Corps are ethnic Pashtuns recruited from tribal region
CNN  -- Air India has suspended a pilot and two flight attendants after an overstay incident on a flight last month . The airline denied as "  baseless " numerous local and international media reports claiming two pilots had vacated the cockpit for almost an hour during a flight between Bangkok and New Delhi . "  At no point of time the cockpit was left unattended by the cockpit crew , " the airline said in a statement . The airline said it conducted an inquiry after it was notified that cabin crew members were in the cockpit for a prolonged period . "  The inquiry confirmed the overstay of the cabin crew in the cockpit  and  administrative action was taken against them and the pilot . They have been suspended pending the final inquiry of the incident , " the airline said . "  At Air India , flight safety is paramount . We take all steps to ensure that safety is not compromised under any circumstances . " The Times of India reported the two flight attendants were in the cockpit on flight 133 from Bangkok to the Indian capital on April 12 for almost an hour and were sitting in the pilot and co-pilot 's seat . The Times of India reported that at some point during the overstay the plane 's autopilot function was inadvertently disengaged . "  It never happens that two flight attendants are called inside the cockpit at the same time as happened on this flight . This is very strange , " a senior commander was quoted by The Times of India .	Earlier media reports said plane 's pilots both left the cockpit Air India denies cockpit was left unattended Airline took administrative action after it confirmed an overstay incident
PARIS , France  CNN  -- Four armed robbers -- two of them men disguised as women -- walked into a luxury jewelry store in Paris and swiped an estimated $ 80 million  U.S. $ 101 million  in jewels , the Paris prosecutor 's office said . Robbers dressed in drag stole more than $ 100M worth of jewelry from a Harry Winston store in Paris . The incident , which lasted about 15 minutes , took place Thursday around 5:30 p.m. at the Harry Winston store near the famed Avenue des Champs-Elysees , around the corner from a police station . The case has been turned over to the unit in charge of handling organized crime cases , said Isabelle Montagne , assistant to Paris prosecutor Jean Claude Marin . No shots were fired and no one was wounded , she said . Watch more on the heist " After they entered the store , the four thieves pulled out their weapons , forced the customers and employees -- about 15 people in all -- into a corner , and grabbed jewels out of display cases and safes , the prosecutor 's office said . The robbers seemed to know the locations of secret hiding places for jewels and called some employees by their first names , it said . The group then fled the store , which is located on a wide street near subways and other public transportation . French state radio reported that it was not immediately clear how the robbers left the area . Investigators believe it was the work of a highly professional group , and that the culprits were French or from elsewhere in Europe , state radio reported . In a written statement , the Harry Winston company said , "  We are cooperating with the authorities in their investigation . Our first concern is the well-being of our employees . " The same shop was robbed of millions of euros worth of jewelry just 14 months ago , in October 2007 . -- CNN 's Jim Bittermann and Niki Cook contributed to this report .	Robbers -- some in drag -- steal estimated $ 102m in loot from Paris jewelry store Thieves swiped rings , necklaces and luxury watches from display cases Harry Winston store is near the Champs-Elysees
An American who said he crossed illegally into North Korea denounced the United States political and economic system Sunday morning at a press conference in that country . The man said he was Arturo Pierre Martinez , 29 , a U.S. citizen raised in El Paso , Texas . Martinez 's mother , Patricia Eugenia Martinez of El Paso , said their son was bipolar and earlier tried to enter North Korea by swimming across a river , only to be stopped and shipped back to the United States , where he was placed in a California psychiatric hospital . "  Then he got out , " she said . "  He is very smart and he got the court to let him out and instead of coming home to us he bought a ticket and left for China . He took out a payday loan online and left for China . " She said the U.S. Embassy in Beijing is looking for him . "  My son is very intelligent , " she said . "  He said he wanted to protect Latinos and he worried about the world and about people . At 15 he obtained his computer certificate . He loves to read and write and work on the computer . He loved to help poor people . He is our only child . " Later she released a statement that said : "  I 'm glad and relieved that my son is safe . I am appreciative to the North Korean authorities for pardoning my son and releasing him . I look forward to spending Christmas with him after they release him . " When asked how she knew her son was being released , she said it was from reading the press conference statement . But the legal status of Martinez in North Korea is unclear and it 's unknown if he 's free to leave the country . In his 4,000-word statement , Martinez admitted committing a crime by illegally entering the country but said he was "  extremely grateful for having been pardoned from the punishments given to violators of these laws , and for the most generous reception I have received . " He delivered his statement at a press conference he said he requested . Images released by North Korea showed him wearing a suit and sitting in a room facing a large group of people . North Korea said in a separate statement that Martinez entered the country in November , two days after American diplomat James Clapper arrived . Clapper negotiated the release of Kenneth Bae and Matthew Todd Miller , the last two American citizens known to be held by North Korea . They arrived back in the United States on November 8 . Martinez said he first tried to cross over from South Korea 's Han River and tried again from China 's Yalu River in Dandong . He went on to criticize American politicians and police as well as the electoral and prison systems . "  The illegal war carried out against the nation of Iraq serves as a perfect example of how the U.S. government acts much like a Mafia enterprise , but criminally plundering entire nations of their resources , strategic reserves and economies instead of smaller scale business and individuals , and does so without a code of ethics , " he said . He said the electoral system in the United States "  is unfairly built for the benefit of the wealthy through the necessity of costly fundraising for political candidates seeking office . The democracy of this nation is an illusion and its representatives act as nothing more than power brokers for those who can offer them . " Of the wealthy people in the United States , he said , "  These billionaires in power are nothing short of sociopathic megalomaniacs on the path to absolute world domination . " He also talked about unidentified flying objects , CIA involvement in the cocaine trade , "  ultrasonic " devices that cause people to hear voices and experience bodily discomfort and how the Western news media unfairly portrayed North Korea .	The man is identified as Arturo Pierre Martinez , 29 , of El Paso , Texas His mother says her son is bipolar and has been in a psychiatric hospital In a statement , he says he crossed illegally into North Korea He denounces the American political and economic system in the statement
Tokyo  CNN  -- Tens of thousands of people crowded into a park in central Tokyo on Monday to protest the use of nuclear power in Japan , highlighting the growing opposition to atomic energy in the country since the crisis at the Fukushima Daiichi power plant . The peaceful demonstration took place on Japan 's national day in an area the size of a large sports field in Yoyogi Park , near the bustling shopping and nightlife district of Shibuya . The event attracted so many people on a hot July public holiday that many spilled out into the surrounding streets , unable to enter the main area . It brought together a broad mix of Japanese people , from seasoned environmental activists to families who had n't participated in a protest before . The colorful flags dotting the crowd along with the warm weather gave the demonstration the appearance of a summer music festival , but its message was deeply serious . The prominent musician and composed Ryuichi Sakamoto addressed the demonstrators from a stage , calling for an end to nuclear power in Japan . Participants held banners echoing his statements and criticizing the government . Protesters then marched around the surrounding streets , chanting anti-nuclear slogans and drawing traffic to a halt . Demonstrations against atomic energy have become a regular part of Japanese public life since the devastating earthquake and tsunami in March 2011 set off the nuclear disaster at the Fukushima plant . And the protests appear to be gaining momentum . Each Friday , anti-nuclear demonstrators gather outside the Japanese prime minister 's office . That protest has been getting bigger and bigger every week , especially since the Japanese government announced the reactivation of the first nuclear reactor since the Fukushima crisis . Though no deaths have been attributed to the nuclear accident , the earthquake and tsunami killed more than 15,000 people in northeastern Japan . The damaged Fukushima spewed radiation , prompting the government to evacuate tens of thousands of people . A recent report by an independent panel commissioned by the Japanese parliament said the Fukushima crisis was a "  man-made disaster " that could have been avoided . It criticized the actions of the government , regulators and the plant 's operator , Tokyo Electric Power Co. . CNN 's Junko Ogura reported from Tokyo ; Jethro Mullen from Hong Kong .	Protesters spill out of large open space in central Tokyo Anti-nuclear demonstrations are gaining momentum in Japan The country recently restarted the first nuclear reactor since the Fukushima crisis
In case you missed it , a comet grazed the sun on Thanksgiving Day . Expectations had been high that Comet ISON would survive this close encounter , swing around the sun and put on a fantastic sky show . It was hoped it might even become a Great Comet , with massive tails visible to the naked eye . But something really bad happened and now it looks like ISON may be just dust in the solar wind  the sun was uninjured , FYI  . Here 's what we know now about ISON : 1 . Is ISON dead ? Well , maybe . After the comet flew about 730,000 miles above the sun 's surface , it started fading in images taken by NASA spacecraft . Things got so bad that Karl Battams , an astrophysicist with the U.S. Naval Research Laboratory and one of ISON 's top fans , er -- chief observers -- wrote an obit for the comet . Despite the eulogy , Battams said we have to wait for the Hubble Space Telescope or other telescopes to confirm ISON 's fate . "  It seems unlikely at this stage that anything of significant size remains but Hubble observations would help clear that up , " Battams told CNN in an e-mail . NASA also hinted there may be a bit of hope for ISON in its latest update posted online Wednesday . The agency said it will use space telescopes to monitor ISON for the next several weeks because it 's possible that dust is hiding a new , smaller version of it . "  Most agree that up to 90 % of ISON was destroyed , leaving approximately 10 % of the comet intact . If previous sungrazing comets are any guides , there may be a sizeable piece of comet nucleus left . At this point , though , scientists are waiting for a variety of telescopes to make observations before the status of Comet ISON can be confirmed . " 2 . What do we call ISON now ? "  I do n't think there is an official term yet , " Battams said . "  I have been referring to it as a comet remnant , and that seems pretty appropriate . " 3 . ISON was n't a flop . Okay , it wo n't be a "  Great Comet " or the "  Comet of the Century . " But ISON did become a social media superstar and it gave scientists tons of data . "  It 's disappointing that we did n't get a spectacular naked-eye comet , " Matthew Knight of Comet ISON Observing Campaign said in a NASA science article . "  But in other ways I think Comet ISON was a huge success . The way people connected with Comet ISON via social media was phenomenal ; our Comet ISON Observing Campaign website earned well over a million hits ; and I had trouble downloading images near perihelion because NASA 's servers were swamped . "  So maybe ISON was the ` Comet of the New Century , ' " he said . NASA deep-sixes Deep Impact comet hunter 4 . ISON wo n't be forgotten . ISON 's fate has become a near obsession for a special Facebook group set up by physicist and astronomer Padma Yanamandra-Fisher with the Space Science Institute and the ISON observing campaign . More than 300 members have been tracking the comet and sharing amazing pictures . Many are still looking for ISON 's remains and they are n't ready to declare it dead . "  I think the evidence shows that something catastrophic happened to the comet , but I do n't think anyone is 100 % sure , " said Yanamandra-Fisher . "  Ground-based observations and orbiting telescopic observations , such as Hubble Space Telescope , later in December are important . " 5 . But wait , there 's more ! Believe it or not , ISON is not the only comet ! "  There are several comets to enjoy right now , " Battams says . He likes Comet Lovejoy  discovered by Australian amateur astronomer Terry Lovejoy  , Comet Encke and Comet LINEAR . "  The bottom line is that there are several comets still visible , and even when the bright comets have gone , there will always be more . The night sky is full of wonderful things to observe , too , so people absolutely should get outside and explore the skies ! " Battams said . If you 're ready to go comet-hunting , here are some websites that ISON observers say might help :	NASA telescopes are hunting ISON 's remnants A chunk of the comet may have survived Comet-watchers are not giving up on ISON
Washington  CNN  -- After several weeks of indecision , the Obama administration has decided against closing 149 contractor-run air traffic control towers due to sweeping budget cuts . The decision by the Transportation Department brought a "  sigh of relief " from small - and medium-sized airports nationwide that would have been impacted by the closures . Those towers employ some 900 controllers and the airports employ a range of other workers . The decision follows action by Congress two weeks ago granting transportation planners budget flexibility for working around the consequences of mandatory budget cuts throughout the government . The Federal Aviation Administration , which oversees air traffic services , was required to slash $ 253 million from its accounts this fiscal year . Friday 's announcement completes a near total reversal of plans by the Transportation Department to impose draconian austerity measures on FAA programs in response to the sweeping cuts known as sequester . They took effect on March 1 following inaction by Congress on deficit reduction . Transportation Secretary Ray LaHood said prior to sequester that the FAA would have to furlough all 47,000 FAA employees on a rotating basis . The agency would also be forced to close low-activity control towers , and cut the overnight shifts at many more to meet the budget targets through September 30 . But when controller furloughs in April were blamed for causing widespread flight delays , aviation industry and other pressure mounted on Congress to grant the Transportation Department new budget powers to ease the impact of sequestration . The controller furloughs ended after that was done and the FAA this week said it would not shut down certain control towers during overnight hours . On Friday , the Transportation Department restored funding to contract-run towers as well as other programs . Towers that were on the chopping block operate with contractors , acting under FAA supervision . The DOT and FAA insisted in February that the cuts would not endanger the flying public , but opponents disagreed . "  In the end common sense prevailed over politics , " Sen. Jerry Moran , R-Kansas , said in a statement . Opponents demonstrated "  that there are more responsible ways to cut spending than by compromising safety . " The decision also was applauded by aviation interests . "  We 're very pleased , " said J. Spencer Dickerson , executive director of the U.S. Contract Tower Association . Controllers were happy to learn their jobs have been spared , airports were "  ecstatic " the towers would remain open and communities breathed "  a sigh of relief , " he said . Dickerson said he believes the administration was swayed by two letters , one signed by 41 senators and one by 83 House members , urging the DOT and FAA to keep the towers open . "  As you know , sequestration is n't a one-year deal . So we will continue to be at this . But at least right now , the towers being able to stay open until the end of September is terrific , " Dickerson said .	FAA reverses course after Congress grants flexibility for dealing with budget cuts Some 149 towers and small and medium-sized airports were threatened with closure Those towers are run by contractors overseen by the FAA FAA has already ended controller furloughs and other key austerity measures
CNN  -- Former Argentine dictator Gen. Reynaldo Bignone was sentenced Thursday to 15 years in prison for crimes against humanity at a clandestine detention center during his rule . He was already serving a 25-year sentence from a previous trial . He ruled Argentina from June 1982 until the nation 's return to democracy in December 1983 . Argentina 's 2nd Oral Federal Court handed down the ruling . The punishment stems from an investigation into a clandestine detention facility hidden inside a hospital during the country 's military dictatorship . Under his command , at least 22 people were kidnapped and taken to the center , known as the "  Chalet at the Posadas Hospital , " according to evidence in the case . Five of those were tortured during their detention , according to Argentina 's judicial information center . Bignone , was previously sentenced in April 2010 to 25 years in prison for kidnapping and torturing 56 people . Up to 30,000 students , labor leaders , intellectuals and leftists who ran afoul of the dictatorship because of their political views disappeared or were held in secret jails and torture centers during the nation 's eight-year "  dirty war . "	Gen. Reynaldo Bignone ruled Argentina from 1982-1983 He was sentenced to 15 years for torture in a secret jail He had previously been sentenced to 25 years for other crimes
CNN  -- The statistics , unfortunately , are staggering . An estimated 44 million people worldwide are living with dementia , according to a report released Tuesday by Alzheimer 's Disease International . As life expectancies continue to rise around the globe , that number is expected to nearly double by 2030 and more than triple by 2050 . But there is some good news laid out in the sixth annual World Alzheimer 's Report . For the first time , we 're starting to get a clearer understanding of cause and effect when it comes to this debilitating disease . Alzheimer 's : The first chapter in a cruel journey Here 's the takeaway , according to Alzheimer 's Disease International : What 's good for your heart is also good for your brain . More specifically , there is now "  persuasive evidence that dementia risk ... can be modified through reduction in tobacco use and better control and detection for hypertension and diabetes , as well as cardiovascular risk factors . " Alzheimer 's is No. 6 on the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention 's list of the top 10 causes of death in the United States , claiming nearly 85,000 lives in 2010 . Alzheimer 's toll may rank with cancer , heart disease "  Given this epidemic scale and with no known cure , it 's crucial that we look at what we can do to reduce the risk or delay the onset of developing the disease , " wrote Marc Wortmann , executive director of Alzheimer 's Disease International . "  Governments must develop adequate strategies to deal with the epidemic holistically , including tacking both reduction in risk for future generations , and adequately caring for people living with the condition and supporting their friends and family . " The bottom line is that it 's never too late to make some changes to improve your physical and mental well-being . Here are five things you can do right now to reduce your risk of dementia : 1 . Look after your heart . 2 . Be physically active . 3 . Follow a healthy diet . 4 . Challenge your brain . 5 . Enjoy social activity . The 10 warnings signs of Alzheimer 's The strongest evidence exists in linking dementia to a lack of education in early life , hypertension in midlife and smoking and diabetes across a lifetime , according to the new report . "  There 's also relatively strong evidence that people in low-education countries have a higher risk for Alzheimer 's and other dementias , " said Keith Fargo , director of scientific programs for the Alzheimer 's Association . "  This  can be controlled across the lifespan . Taking people and giving them a better education in grade school , high school , and college significantly lowers risk at the population level . " It 's also important to keep our brains buzzing as we get older . "  While we do n't endorse specific activity like crosswords or mazes , " Fargo said , "  we say , ` Find a mentally challenging activity that 's fun or enjoyable for you , and you 'll maintain it . That 's going to be good for your brain health as you age . ' " "  If we can all enter old age with better developed , healthier brains , " the report concludes , "  we are likely to live longer , happier and more independent lives , with a much reduced chance of developing dementia . " The global cost of dementia in 2010  the latest year for which data are available  was estimated at $ 604 billion . That number is expected to rise to $ 1 trillion by 2030 . "  With this in mind , " wrote World Dementia Envoy Dr. Dennis Gillings , "  we ca n't afford to do nothing . "	World Alzheimer 's Report : 44 million people worldwide are living with dementia That number is expected to nearly double by 2030 What 's good for your heart is good for your brain , scientists say
Washington  CNN  Hillary Clinton is a New Yorker . And an Arkansan . And an Illinoisan . And at times also even a Pennsylvanian . While the question -- Where is Hillary Clinton from ? -- may seem simple , the answer was made harder as Clinton traveled the country over the last six months stumping for Democratic candidates during the midterms and peddling her memoir . People from at least four states like to lay claim to Clinton , and the former secretary of state never shied away from those signs of citizenship . Born in Park Ridge , Illinois in 1947 , Clinton rose to prominence during her 20-year stay in Arkansas from 1974 to 1992 . After living in Washington , D.C. , for eight years as first lady , Clinton moved to Chappaqua , New York and represented the Empire State for eight years in the Senate . Geographical identity politics are a core part of the American campaign trail from local offices all the way up Pennsylvania Avenue -- just ask Dick Lugar or Scott Brown -- and having home roots that are considered authentic by voters is a key part of messaging for any presidential hopeful , and that includes Clinton . At times , she plays up her Arkansas roots and slight southern accent . In other forums , she is the former senator from New York and resident of Chappaqua . And when she is anywhere in the Midwest , Clinton is the Chicago Cubs-loving child from Park Ridge , Illinois . The Clintons currently maintain their primary residence in New York and another home in Washington , D.C. Clinton 's returning to one of these "  home " states this weekend -- Arkansas -- for a 10th anniversary celebration of the Clinton Presidential Center in Little Rock . Here is how Clinton is linked to four states -- Illinois , Arkansas , New York and Pennsylvania -- and why it matters . Illinois : In Chicago , Clinton is heralded as a native daughter . Giving her an introduction at an October event in Chicago , Lester Knight said he was "  welcoming her home . " Mayor Rahm Emanuel said in June that Clinton "  still and will forever be a Chicagoan at heart . " Clinton spent her first eighteen years of life in Park Ridge , Illinois , a middle class neighborhood a few miles from downtown . Clinton , however , left the state in 1965 to attend Wellesley College in Massachusetts and since then has not lived in Illinois for any considerable time . Clinton maintains a small group of Park Ridge friends to this day . When she visited the city in June , she had a small dinner with many of them and reminisced about their years in at school and in their Methodist church group . "  It is always great to be back in Chicago , " Clinton said in October . "  This is where I was born , where I grew up . Where I made so many life long friends and it is wonderful to be part of an extended community such as Chicago represents . " Arkansas : More than any other state , the Clinton family is most closely associated with Arkansas . Hillary Clinton moved to Fayetteville , Arkansas in 1974 to marry Bill Clinton , a native son of the state and rising political star . For the next 18 years , the Clintons came to dominate the state 's political scene . Bill Clinton served one term as Attorney General before serving five terms as governor . Hillary Clinton was a high profile first lady in the state , but Arkansas was never really home for her . Even her closest friends acknowledge that Hillary was never in love with Arkansas and was at times put off by how women were viewed . Hillary Clinton does , however , occasionally returns to the state , as she did when she spoke at two Little Rock events in July . And longtime Democrats in the state still lay claim to the former first lady . "  Hillary Clinton 's roots in Arkansas run deep , and many Arkansans still consider her their hometown girl , " said Adrienne Elrod , a former Clinton aide from Arkansas . "  As a native Arkansan , I could not be more proud to call her one of us . " New York : When Hillary Clinton decided to run for Senate in 2000 , she had no connection to New York . And Republicans knew it was a weakness . "  Name me three things Hillary Clinton has ever done for the people of New York , " Sean Hannity , then a New York radio host , proclaimed regularly during his show at the time . Aware of the challenges , Clinton traveled the state on a "  listening tour " and talked with voters in schools , labor halls and community buildings . She also established residency in the Empire State by moving to Chappaqua , the small hamlet that the Clintons still consider home today . "  I think I have some real work to do , to get out and listen and learn from the people of New York and demonstrate that what I 'm for is maybe as important , if not more important , than where I 'm from , " Clinton told the New York Times in 1999 . Clinton even played up her sporting allegiances to become closer to New York . "  I am Cubs fan , " she told an audience in Chicago before noting that because she "  could n't stay hitched with a losing team " she "  became a Yankees fan . " Clinton 's supporters argue she was a Yankees fan as a child and photos from 1992 published in her 2003 memoir "  Living History " show the first lady in a New York hat . "  I 'm wearing the hat of my lifelong favorite American League team , " says the description under the photo . Today , Clinton identifies most with New York . She lives there , votes there and her office is in Manhattan . Pennsylvania : Of the states that have laid claim to Clinton , Pennsylvania is the most random . Clinton 's father -- Hugh Rodham -- was born in Scranton , a city in the Northeast corner of the state . The Rodham family has deep ties to the region and even after moving to Chicago , Hillary and her family would spend summers at a rustic cabin on Lake Winola on the city 's outskirts .  If Scranton sounds familiar , that 's because it 's also from where another potential 2016 Democratic hopeful Vice President Joe Biden . "  The rustic cabin had no heat except for the cast-iron cook stove in the kitchen , and no indoor bath or shower , " Clinton wrote in her memoir "  Living History . " "  To stay clean , we swam in the lake or stood below the back porch while someone poured a tub of water onto our heads . " So when Clinton campaigned for Pennsylvania Democrats in 2014 , many used those roots to tie her with the state . Tom Wolf , the governor-elect of the state , said , "  coursing through -LSB- Hillary Clinton 's -RSB- veins is blood that 's tinged with Pennsylvania values and Pennsylvania ideas . " At the event , Clinton also played up those roots and talked about her father 's side of the family , their interest in politics and her time on the lake . "  I spent every summer of my growing up years traveling on the turnpike going up to Scranton and often times during Christmas coming back , " Clinton said . "  The state has been very good to my family and to my husband and to me . " Clinton 's ties to the state also came in handy when Clinton ran for president in 2008 . Because Clinton was able to better identify with the hard scrabble , predominately white Democrats of central and North East Pennsylvania , she won the state 's primary . "  She 's tough , " Christopher Doherty , Scranton 's mayor at the time told the New York Times . "  That 's a real Scranton trait . "	Hillary Clinton has key ties to four states : Illinois , Arkansas , New York and Pennsylvania Clinton herself has not publicly shied away from citizenship in any of these states Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel said Clinton "  will forever be a Chicagoan at heart . " Tom Wolf , Pennsylvania 's governor elect , said her blood has "  Pennsylvania values "
Editor 's note : This is an excerpt from Jane Velez-Mitchell 's new book "  iWant " published by HCI Books . Velez-Mitchell anchors "  Issues with Jane Velez-Mitchell " on HLN nightly at 7 p.m. ET . Jane Velez-Mitchell writes about her journey from addiction and overconsumption to a simpler , honest life . This is the story of my ch ... ch ... changes , which took me from insanity to clarity , from egocentricity to altruism , from alcoholism to activism . These changes have marked an evolution in what I want from this life . I am what I want . What I seek to consume , possess , and achieve is a mirror that reflects my lusts and cravings , values and priorities , and moral boundaries or lack thereof . I am happy to say that what I want today is much less toxic and self-centered than what I used to want . It 's taken decades of self-examination to peel back the layers and figure out what really makes me happy . And while I 'm still searching for my ultimate bliss , I know for sure it 's not what I once thought it was . It 's not alcohol , cigarettes , money , food , sugar , or status symbols : I 've consumed all of those in massive quantities , and they 've just made me miserable . Now , I want what ca n't be tasted , smoked , worn , seen , or counted . It 's the opposite of material . As sappy as it might sound , what I want is spiritual . Watch Jane talk about her new book " The shift from material to spiritual is a particular challenge in our culture . We have allowed ourselves to be defined by our consumption , instead of by our ability to move beyond it . To keep consumers consuming , the corporate culture has brainwashed us into thinking we can change ourselves by changing what we buy , which pills we pop , what type of booze we swill , what gated community we join , what kind of golf clubs we swing , and what kind of cancer sticks we dangle between our lips . We 've been told that certain consumer choices say a lot about us , that they reveal our character . If we 've stepped up to a more prestigious brand , we 've changed for the better . Nonsense ! We can not consume our way into personal growth . Yet , millions of us have bought into this cynical concept of faux identity . If you keep buying the "  latest and the greatest " but feel like you 're stuck in the same place , you 're just changing labels , and that 's not changing . That 's rearranging . Real change occurs on the emotional , psychological , and spiritual levels , not in a shopping mall , a car dealership , online , at the drugstore , at the liquor store , or at the fast-food joint . For too long , we have allowed ourselves to be manipulated by forces whose sole purpose is PROFIT and POWER . We have given advertisers leave to claim that inanimate objects have spiritual qualities . One ad , in perhaps the world 's most prestigious newspaper , urges us to buy an expensive diamond by insisting that such a purchase will feed the soul , lift the spirit , and increase our resolve to achieve whatever we wish . Really ? How exactly does a diamond feed the soul ? It 's absurd ! This is false advertising . Today , as a culture , we are awash in false advertising . As a society , we 've lent legitimacy to these patent lies by literally buying into them . As a result of this unnecessary , self-indulgent consumption , we 've gone a long way toward destroying our natural environment with our waste . Perhaps most important , by obsessing about material things , we 've cheated ourselves out of the most fundamental aspect of the human experience : real experiences that result in real growth . Unlike diamonds , meaningful experiences can actually feed the soul , resulting in self-development and self-knowledge . Authentic change has allowed me to gradually learn why I 'm here experiencing this existence as well as what I am destined to contribute during my lifetime . For me , meaningful change has been about getting sober , becoming honest , and adopting a new attitude . Sobriety has allowed me to shift the criteria I use for all the decisions I make from an ego-based formula of what 's in it for me to a more evolved formula based on compassion for other people , other living creatures , and our environment . It 's an ongoing struggle , and there are many times when I fail . But I keep trying . This book is my story of how I 've progressed from self-obsession to a life that I hope will count . In the tradition of the Twelve Steps created by Alcoholics Anonymous , I 'm going to lay out what it was like , what happened to change me , and what it 's like now . For thirty years as a television news reporter , I 've been recounting other people 's mostly sordid stories . Frankly , the prospect of airing my own dirty laundry scares the wits out of me . The very thought of this sparks a flood of memories , primarily featuring the many stupid and embarrassing things I 've done over the years , especially before I got sober . My face burns at the prospect of sharing some of these memories with you . I know we 're all only as sick as our secrets . By pouring out the intimate details of my personal history , I am trying to get healthier through honesty . Still , I ca n't help but wonder if you really have to know every single one of my secrets . Is that what is meant by rigorous honesty ? These thoughts swirl through my mind as I huddle under my covers unable to sleep ... ... There 's so much to tell . But would you want to know everything about my personal struggles ? You may simply be reading this book because you 're interested in my life , and for that I thank you . But if you identify with my story , then we will both learn from my experience . That is the essence of all recovery programs . Many of the battles I 'm fighting , the compulsions I 'm struggling to conquer , are the same as those experienced by many of my friends , relatives , coworkers , and neighbors . Some struggle with overeating , with alcohol or drugs , with workaholism , with codependency , with compulsive spending , with gambling , with sex addiction , or with facing the truth about themselves -- whatever that truth may be . And virtually everyone I know , including myself , suffers from generic overconsumption -- a chronic craving for more of everything that is poisoning our lives , not to mention our oceans , skies , and forests . My friend once called himself a tornado of consumption . That description fits most Americans . Sadly , we 're a nation of addicts . For a multitude of reasons -- our health , our finances , and our environment , among them -- we need to take immediate action to reduce our collective consumption levels . Unfortunately , addicts do n't respond to reason or rationality . Just as you ca n't reason with a drunk who is on a binge , we are not going to lecture our way out of America 's consumption mess . Fortunately , there are proven recovery methods out there that can help us get a handle on our addictive consumption . I 've used them to deal with my plethora of addictions , and I will share these techniques with you while I tell you my story . From IWANT by Jane Velez-Mitchell . Available wherever books are sold . Copyright  2009 Jane Velez-Mitchell . All Rights Reserved .	Jane Velez-Mitchell writes of her journey from addiction to a simpler , honest life She says it 's taken decades of self-examination to find out what makes her happy Velez-Mitchell : "  Change occurs on the emotional , psychological , and spiritual levels "
CNN  -- Every day where we work , we see our young students struggling with the transition from home to school . They 're all wonderful kids , but some ca n't share easily or listen in a group . Some have impulse control problems and have trouble keeping their hands to themselves ; others do n't always see that actions have consequences ; a few suffer terribly from separation anxiety . We 're not talking about preschool children . These are Harvard undergraduate students whom we teach and advise . They all know how to work , but some of them have n't learned how to play . Parents , educators , psychologists , neuroscientists , and politicians generally fall into one of two camps when it comes to preparing very young children for school : play-based or skills-based . These two kinds of curricula are often pitted against one another as a zero-sum game : If you want to protect your daughter 's childhood , so the argument goes , choose a play-based program ; but if you want her to get into Harvard , you 'd better make sure you 're brushing up on the ABC flashcards every night before bed . We think it is quite the reverse . Or , in any case , if you want your child to succeed in college , the play-based curriculum is the way to go . In fact , we wonder why play is not encouraged in educational periods later in the developmental life of young people -- giving kids more practice as they get closer to the ages of our students . Why do this ? One of the best predictors of school success is the ability to control impulses . Children who can control their impulse to be the center of the universe , and -- relatedly -- who can assume the perspective of another person , are better equipped to learn . Psychologists calls this the "  theory of mind " : the ability to recognize that our own ideas , beliefs , and desires are distinct from those of the people around us . When a four-year-old destroys someone 's carefully constructed block castle or a 20-year-old belligerently monopolizes the class discussion on a routine basis , we might conclude that they are unaware of the feelings of the people around them . The beauty of a play-based curriculum is that very young children can routinely observe and learn from others ' emotions and experiences . Skills-based curricula , on the other hand , are sometimes derisively known as "  drill and kill " programs because most teachers understand that young children ca n't learn meaningfully in the social isolation required for such an approach . How do these approaches look different in a classroom ? Preschoolers in both kinds of programs might learn about hibernating squirrels , for example , but in the skills-based program , the child could be asked to fill out a worksheet , counting  or guessing  the number of nuts in a basket and coloring the squirrel 's fur . In a play-based curriculum , by contrast , a child might hear stories about squirrels and be asked why a squirrel accumulates nuts or has fur . The child might then collaborate with peers in the construction of a squirrel habitat , learning not only about number sense , measurement , and other principles needed for engineering , but also about how to listen to , and express , ideas . The child filling out the worksheet is engaged in a more one-dimensional task , but the child in the play-based program interacts meaningfully with peers , materials , and ideas . Programs centered around constructive , teacher-moderated play are very effective . For instance , one randomized , controlled trial had 4 - and 5-year-olds engage in make-believe play with adults and found substantial and durable gains in the ability of children to show self-control and to delay gratification . Countless other studies support the association between dramatic play and self-regulation . Through play , children learn to take turns , delay gratification , negotiate conflicts , solve problems , share goals , acquire flexibility , and live with disappointment . By allowing children to imagine walking in another person 's shoes , imaginative play also seeds the development of empathy , a key ingredient for intellectual and social-emotional success . The real "  readiness " skills that make for an academically successful kindergartener or college student have as much to do with emotional intelligence as they do with academic preparation . Kindergartners need to know not just sight words and lower case letters , but how to search for meaning . The same is true of 18-year-olds . As admissions officers at selective colleges like to say , an entire freshman class could be filled with students with perfect grades and test scores . But academic achievement in college requires readiness skills that transcend mere book learning . It requires the ability to engage actively with people and ideas . In short , it requires a deep connection with the world . For a five year-old , this connection begins and ends with the creating , questioning , imitating , dreaming , and sharing that characterize play . When we deny young children play , we are denying them the right to understand the world . By the time they get to college , we will have denied them the opportunity to fix the world too . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Erika and Nicholas Christakis .	Erika and Nicholas Christakis says they see students at Harvard who have trouble getting along They say kids better equipped to learn , interact , if taught using play-based curricula "  Drill and kill " skill-based learning , requires more social isolation , they say Writers : Play-based learning builds empathy , better self-control , and problem solving skill
President Barack Obama says he 's postponing executive action on immigration until after November 's elections because it would be "  more sustainable " then . Speaking to NBC 's Chuck Todd , Obama said the immigration debate was affected by concerns over the large number of unaccompanied children from Latin America flocking to the U.S. border . "  The truth of the matter is that the politics did shift mid-summer because of that problem , " he said . "  What I 'm saying is that I 'm going to act because it 's the right thing for the country , " Obama said . "  But it 's going to be more sustainable and more effective if the public understands what the facts are on immigration , what we 've done on unaccompanied children and why it 's necessary . " The decision to postpone means any political repercussions for trying to reform the immigration system by himself would come after the congressional midterm contests . Obama still "  will do something before the end of the year " on the issue , a White House official told CNN on Saturday . People on both sides of the immigration debate criticized the postponement , including pro-immigration reform groups that are impatient for action . Obama has been weighing executive action on immigration -- including moves that could allow a path to legal status for millions of undocumented workers -- after congressional action on the issue stalled . The options could include expanding a deferred deportation program for children of immigrants . But he decided to delay any move to "  take this issue away from those who would use it to score points as a kind of grandstanding issue , " the White House official said , speaking on condition of anonymity . "  It 's too big of an issue to allow it to be used as a tool for people trying to get votes , " the official said . "  It is n't about votes for any particular candidate ; it 's about dealing with this issue in an environment that avoids the grandstanding we 've seen in the past . " Another reason to wait : Should the Democrats retain control of the Senate in November , Republicans may feel it necessary "  to try a different strategy " and compromise on immigration , the White House official said . Scott Brown criticizes move Republican Scott Brown , the former U.S. senator from Massachusetts who is now running for Senate from New Hampshire , ripped the move , saying it was a cynical ploy to protect Obama 's fellow Democrats for the elections . After Obama threatened to take executive action this summer , Republicans pushed back , saying among other things that the President should n't remove Congress from the equation . Some GOP lawmakers had suggested holding up a bill funding federal agencies -- thus forcing a government shutdown -- if Obama took unilateral action . "  President Obama 's decision to delay executive action to grant amnesty to illegal immigrants until after the election is of little comfort to people like myself who believe in the rule of law , " said Brown , who faces Sen. Jeanne Shaheen in November . House Speaker John Boehner said Saturday there was "  never a ` right ' time " for the President to take action by himself . "  But the decision to simply delay this deeply controversial and possibly unconstitutional unilateral action until after the election -- instead of abandoning the idea altogether -- smacks of raw politics , " the top House Republican said . The Democratic National Committee blasted the Republican criticism . "  The GOP , the party that has blocked meaningful comprehensive immigration reform at every turn and sued the President for acting , is now outraged that he has n't taken steps that many in their party deemed impeachable offenses , " the committee said in a statement . But pro-immigration reform groups were n't impressed with the delay . The website of one group , United We Dream , displayed a message Saturday that Obama "  has further cemented his legacy as the #DeporterInChief by delaying the usage of his executive authority to stop the deportation of millions of immigrants . " Cristina Jimenez of United We Dream said : "  The President 's latest broken promise is another slap to the face of the Latino and immigrant community . " The immigration challenge An estimated 11 million or more immigrants are living illegally in the United States , many of them for years or even decades . The Obama administration has deported or turned back more than 2 million people . Last year , the Senate passed a comprehensive bill that would provide a path to legal status for the millions of long-term undocumented immigrants while also strengthening border security . The legislation would have required immigrants illegally living in the country to register with the government , pay a penalty , learn English and begin the process of applying for legal status . It had the backing of the business community , organized labor and religious organizations . However , House Republicans refused to consider the Senate bill , which Obama and Democrats claim would pass if put to a vote . Conservatives say the Senate plan amounts to amnesty for lawbreakers , arguing they should be sent back to their home countries because they drive up the size and cost of government while competing with U.S. citizens for jobs . Democrats want to remove the legal uncertainty for as many of the undocumented immigrants as possible , allowing them to continue living and working here so they can eventually gain legal status and possibly full citizenship . What Obama has been considering Among the actions that Obama was considering as recently as August , according to reform advocates involved in conversations with the White House : an expansion of the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program . It allows immigrants brought to the country illegally as children to stay without fear of deportation and apply for work permits if they meet certain criteria . So far , some 660,000 young people have taken advantage of the program , according to a report by the nonpartisan Migration Policy Institute . That 's 55 % of the 1.2 million who were immediately eligible . Advocates said the administration also has been considering expanding the program to cover the parents of U.S. citizens or all undocumented parents . The White House could also decide to cover undocumented immigrants in industries such as farming , or it could expand deportation relief based on how long a person has been living and working in the community . While there are many different mechanisms that could be used to provide relief , using the existing program as the template is an attractive alternative because that process has been running since 2012 . Many Republicans have called for immigration reform that includes tighter border controls . Before for August recess , the Republican-controlled House passed a bill that would have prevented Obama from granting new deferrals -- or even renewing previously granted ones -- under the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program . The Senate has not taken up the bill . How far can the President go on executive actions ? 5 things Obama can and ca n't do on immigration	Obama says he wants public to know "  what the facts are on immigration " White House official : Delay is to prevent election grandstanding President Obama has been weighing ways to change immigration system on his own Pro-immigration reform groups express disappointment in delay
CNN  -- The first clue was a boat floating in the ocean with no one on board . So teams of rescuers took off , unsure of they were looking for when one crew saw the unmistakeable second clue . There on a sandbar were three huge letters -- S.O.S. And there on a nearby rocky island were five people on a rocky outcrop off the northeastern coast of Australia , happy to see a helicopter after eight hours of waiting . The incident occurred Monday when five people were snorkeling in the Pacific Ocean . They anchored their boat near the sandbar , the Courier-Mail newspaper of Brisbane reported , but the boat drifted away after its anchor broke . They stamped out a large distress signal in the sand , but they knew it was only a matter of time before the tide claimed the signal . The rocks were high enough , but the group had no phones or food , which floated away with the boat . "  We were a bit  sun  burned and it would have been fairly cold  if they had to stay out through the night  , " Lyn Forbes-Smith told The Courier-Mail . She said they had gone diving at 8 a.m. and were picked up about 4 p.m. . A helicopter rescue crew from Central Queensland took off and after an hour spotted the SOS . "  We did two sweeps and then when we came across some guys on the rocks and we saw SOS written in the sand so we knew it was them straight away , " crew member Damien Kross told Seven Network . "  It was actually quite good because we knew we found them . " By the time the helicopter got there , the water level had made it impossible to send a boat in for a rescue attempt . The crew used a winch and basket to bring the three men and two women into the helicopter . Kross said the five were in good spirits despite being a little dehydrated .	Five people were snorkeling off northeastern coast of Australia when boat got away They made a giant SOS on a sandbar and retreated to a rocky outcrop Worried tide would wash away their message , helicopter crew finds them They were lifted up to the helicopter in a basket rescue
EW.com  -- We may not have seen the last of Walter White . Peter Gould , executive producer of AMC 's "  Breaking Bad " spinoff Better Call Saul , told the New York Daily News that the spinoff will jump between decades and may even include scenes that take place during the "  Breaking Bad " timeline . This means that there 's a chance Bryan Cranston will reprise his three-time Emmy-winning role as school teacher-turned-meth kingpin Walter White . EW : Full ` Breaking Bad ' coverage "  One of the great things about having a timeline which is flexible is that perhaps some of it takes place before ` Breaking Bad , ' during ` Breaking Bad , ' and after ` Breaking Bad ' , " Gould told The New York Daily News . "  That gives us the ability to bring back characters that were killed on ` Breaking Bad . ' " The spinoff , however , will not be dependent on guest appearances from Breaking Bad alums . Gould insisted that he and the rest of the Better Call Saul team wanted to "  make a show that stands on it own , is its own story , and is a brand extension . " EW : AMC orders second season of ` Breaking Bad ' spin-off ` Better Call Saul , ' "  We think we have a story that is worth making , " said Gould . "  We could never dream of the kind of success that Breaking Bad had , and the love we got from the fans . But -LSB- with Saul -RSB- at a certain point you have to do the best job you can and tell the best story that entertains you , get a good response and hope people like it . " The "  Breaking Bad " spin-off will reunite Bob Odenkirk with Jonathan Banks , who played fixer Mike Ehrmantraut on the original series . The rest of the cast includes Michael McKean , Patrick Fabian , Rhea Seehorn , and Michael Mando . "  Better Call Saul " was originally slated to premiere in November ; however , AMC decided to push its debut back to early 2015 . Last month , AMC showed an early vote of confidence in the show and renewed it for a 13-episode second season before the first season even hit the air . See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly  2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	The new series will reportedly jump between decades There 's a chance Walter White may appear The spin-off will reunite Bob Odenkirk with Jonathan Banks
CNN  -- Add Superman to the list of reporters leaving the newspaper business behind . In the comic book series ' latest issue , which went on sale Wednesday , an outraged Clark Kent quits his job at The Daily Planet after his boss berates him . "  I was taught to believe you could use words to change the course of rivers -- that even the darkest secrets would fall under the harsh light of the sun , " the superhero 's alter ego says in a newsroom outburst . "  But facts have been replaced by opinions . Information has been replaced by entertainment . Reporters have become stenographers . I ca n't be the only one who 's sick of what passes for the news today . " In Wednesday 's issue , Kent tells his editor he 's been a journalist for barely five years . But for decades , his job as a reporter at The Daily Planet has been a mainstay of Superman 's story . Word of the superhero 's career move drew attention from media critics and others who 've watched the newspaper industry 's struggles . "  It seems very overly dramatic , " said Erica Smith , a former newspaper employee who 's tracked U.S. newspaper industry layoffs and buyouts on her Paper Cuts blog since 2007 . "  It does n't seem to me to fit either the industry or the character . " If he 'd been laid off or taken a buyout , like more than 2,000 others in the U.S. newspaper industry this year , "  it would have been a little bit more realistic , " Smith said with a laugh . The proportion of Americans who read news on a printed page is declining , according to the Pew Research Center for the People & the Press . The center said in a September study that just 23 % of those surveyed said they read a print newspaper the previous day -- an 18 percentage point decrease over the past decade . But online and digital readership is growing , the study said . And it may be that the Man of Steel , when he 's not flying faster than a speeding bullet or leaping tall buildings in a single bound , is taking note . A spokesman for DC Entertainment , which is also owned by CNN 's parent company Time Warner , said the comic book 's writer was not available for comment . In an interview with USA Today this week , writer Scott Lobdell said Kent is much more likely to start his own blog than he is to search for new work in the news business . "  I do n't think he 's going to be filling out an application anywhere , " Lobdell said . "  He is more likely to start the next Huffington Post or the next Drudge Report than he is to go find someone else to get assignments or draw a paycheck from . "	NEW : It would have been more realistic if he 'd been laid off , blogger quips In latest comic , Clark Kent quits his job at The Daily Planet The alter ego 's newspaper job has been a mainstay of Superman 's story The comic book 's writer says Clark Kent is likely to become a blogger
CNN  -- I glanced at the map display on my side of the passenger jet 's instrument panel . A small blue circle within 100 miles of the magenta line that defined our course identified the airport in Gander , Newfoundland . This would be our best alternate if our medical problem became an emergency . We were just shy of two hours into our flight from JFK to London when the flight attendant call chime sounded and I picked up the intercom handset . A woman in business class had fainted and was vomiting . A retired physician was attending . The flight attendant promised to keep me updated . With the handset still to my ear , I contemplated the situation and asked , "  Has anyone determined whether the woman has a fever ? " Silence . "  Uh -- crap . No . Good question , " the flight attendant said . A couple of months ago this would have been a matter of deciding whether we needed a diversionary landing . But this trip was flown just last weekend , and at a time of rampant Ebola paranoia . Fortunately , the story had a happy ending for all concerned . The woman had apparently overmedicated herself before the flight , and had mostly recovered by the time we parked at our arrival gate at Heathrow Airport . Even so , I conveyed the details to our dispatcher while en route , and every step we took was cautious . Paramedics met the aircraft . Passengers were not allowed to deplane until a determination was made as to the status of the ill passenger . Our flight attendants , exhibiting their professionalism , followed the appropriate medical protocols , accessing the in-flight medical kit , and our "  Grab and Go " kit , which contains items such as latex gloves and clothing to protect responders from contagious bodily fluids . A recent article in The New York Times detailed how Ebola paranoia has indeed permeated the cockpit . Apparently , few pilots are willing to fly Ebola patients out of the hot zones for treatment ; one director of an air ambulance service said he knew of only two such pilots in all of Europe . These pilots work for air ambulance or med-evac companies , flying mostly corporate-type jets . Compared with an airliner , these airplanes have more confined cabins and cockpits . I get it . Pilots are a skeptical bunch . When there is room for doubt , we do n't necessarily believe the information provided by , say , health officials on subject matters outside our field of expertise . We deal in a world of black and white , where training prepares one to handle contingencies . Our personalities lean toward the control freak side of the scale . Controlling an engine fire is a systematic procedure practiced on almost every recurrent training cycle . Controlling a deadly disease is out of our realm and out of our comfort zone . But pilots are also reasonable . If someone wants us to fly Ebola patients , education and training first would be paramount . Credibility is important : Involve a respected medical professional in the education process and you will have a pilot 's attention . Be honest about the risk for cockpit crews , especially if they will have frequent contact with symptomatic patients . A pilot procedure for the transportation of Ebola patients has to be determined right down to the movements and position of the crew , from takeoff to landing . Should crews be required to wear protective clothing ? Masks ? Goggles ? Be doused with chlorine ? Remain quarantined for 21 days after each evac trip ? Once the standard procedure has been established , then contingencies need to be considered in the event of an in-flight emergency , whether it be mechanical or with the ill patient . In other words , give pilots a checklist to follow -- they are a pilot 's bible . They do n't cover every circumstance , but they provide a structured guideline . And finally , the air ambulance companies that contract to provide Ebola patient transportation need to compensate their pilots appropriately for the risk . More importantly , it must be mandatory to provide medical treatment if the worst occurs and Ebola infects an employee . The company must accept both the medical and financial responsibility . Regardless , air transportation employees , flying for hours in a cylinder with an infectious patient , are at risk more than the general public . Until more is understood about the source and initial containment of this dangerous disease , most likely my air ambulance colleagues will maintain their apprehensions , and just say "  no . " As for U.S. airlines , the procedures in dealing with the Ebola risk are left to the individual carrier , and the Centers for Disease Control has provided guidance via a linked website . It 's more or less common sense , with most of the information educational for managing a potentially infected passenger once airborne . The website also covers the legality of denying boarding to passengers with serious contagious diseases : "  U.S. Department of Transportation rule permits airlines to deny boarding to air travelers with serious contagious diseases that could spread during flight , including travelers with possible Ebola symptoms . " Of course airline personnel would need to know about such an affliction before they could deny a passenger boarding . It 's a life and death detail , and one that has been -- and will continue to be -- a deal-breaker for most pilots during a time of Ebola . But for the crews involved directly with Ebola patient transportation , it is still pilots beware .	Les Abend : With ill passenger on recent flight , learning if there was fever was key in Ebola times There was n't , but it illustrates fears of pilots ; only a handful agree to transport Ebola patients Pilots need prep , checklists . Controlling deadly disease out of comfort zone , he says Abend : Airlines must compensate for such risk -- but pilots likely to balk anyway
Rolling Stone  -- Twenty years ago , when Paul McCartney turned 50 , he remembers his then-manager pushing the idea of retirement . "  It 's only right , " he was told . "  You really do n't want to go beyond 50 , it 's going to get embarrassing . " In June , McCartney will be 70  "  I 'm never going to believe I 'm 70 , I do n't care what you say , " he says . "  There 's a little cell in my brain that 's never going to believe that "  , and he still has no plans to stop touring or recording . "  You get the argument ` Make way for the young kids , ' " he says . "  And you think , ` F *** that , let them make way for themselves . If they 're better than me , they 'll beat me . ' Foo Fighters do n't have a problem , they 're good . They 'll do their thing . "  If you 're enjoying it , why do something else ? And what would you do ? Well , a good answer is ` Take more holidays , ' which is definitely on the cards , but I do n't seem to do that . I love what I do so much that I do n't really want to stop . I 'm just kind of casually keeping an eye on how I feel , and onstage , it feels like it 's always felt . So for the time being , the band 's hot , I 'm really enjoying myself , still singing like I sang , not experiencing , touch wood , any sort of problems to speak of . If it ai n't broke , do n't fix it . " It does n't hurt that his touring schedule has been reduced to shorter , intense bursts in recent years , largely because of his shared-custody arrangement for his 8-year-old , Beatrice . "  We do n't do the big sloggo tour , we do n't do the big U2-Stones go-out-forever thing , and get a bit fed up with it , " says McCartney , who 's planning some dates for later this year . "  What we do now is events and selective dates . Because of my custody situation , I can only do that . At first , we thought , ` Oh , God , is this going to be a problem ? ' and it 's actually turned out to be some kind of a blessing . " He can see himself rocking well into his eighties . Bobby Brown Pays Tribute to Ex-Wife Whitney Houston During Concert "  I can imagine it , " he says . "  As to whether my imagination will come true , I do n't know . The last couple of years , I 've gotten into guitar -- so there 's all sorts of little things that crop up that entice you forward , and you go , ` Hmm , I 'd like that . ' " I broach the idea of actually dying onstage -- would he be into it ? He recoils slightly , then smiles . "  What kind of question is that ? I must say , that 's not in my imagination . Rocking on until a grand old age ... the only thing would be when it 's not pleasant anymore , then it would be ` That 's a good time to stop . ' But it 's way too pleasant at the moment . And it pays . Good gig , man . But I know exactly where you 're coming from , though . How long can this go on ... ? " To read the rest of this cover story , pick up the March issue of Rolling Stone February 17 . Copyright  2011 Rolling Stone .	McCartney 's touring schedule has been reduced to shorter , intense bursts in recent years McCartney : "  I love what I do so much that I do n't really want to stop " "  The band 's hot , I 'm really enjoying myself , still singing like I sang , " he says
CNN  A TV series based on the 1999 sci-fi film "  Galaxy Quest " is in the works at Paramount Television . The DreamWorks film centered on the cast of a canceled space TV show who are accidentally sent to a spaceship and must save an alien nation . TV Land 's ` Younger ' renewed for second season The film 's scribe Robert Gordon is expected to write the TV version and executive produce with the film 's director Dean Parisot , producer Mark Johnson and Johnson 's producing partner Melissa Bernstein . ` The Voice ' coaches CeeLo Green , Gwen Stefani and Usher to return The film starred Tim Allen , Sigourney Weaver , Alan Rickman , Tony Shalhoub , Sam Rockwell , Daryl Mitchell and Enrico Colantoni . PBS to conduct "  Internal Review " over Ben Affleck 's request to hide slave-owner ancestry "  Galaxy Quest " is the latest movie to be adapted for the small screen . This pilot season , ABC has "  Uncle Buck , " CBS has "  Rush Hour " and Fox has "  Minority Report . " Paramount Television specifically has turned several of the studio 's hit films into TV series . "  School of Rock " will debut on Nickelodeon later this year , and USA recently ordered a pilot for "  Shooter , " based on the Mark Wahlberg film .  2015 The Hollywood Reporter . All rights reserved .	"  Galaxy Quest " TV series in the works Show would be based on the cult classic 1999 sci-fi comedy
Washington  CNN  -- BP , Transocean and Halliburton all share responsibility for the deadly explosion that resulted in the April 2010 Gulf of Mexico oil spill , according to the final federal report on the matter released Wednesday . The three companies "  violated a number of federal offshore safety regulations , " according to the report , which includes a series of recommendations for improving drilling safety . The report , issued by the Bureau of Ocean Energy Management , Regulation and Enforcement , concludes that a key cause of the explosion was a faulty cement drilling barrier at the Macondo well site . "  The precise reasons for the failure of the production casing cement job are not known , " the report states . But the disaster was "  the result of poor risk management , last minute changes to plans , failure to observe and respond to critical indicators , inadequate well control response , and insufficient emergency bridge response training by companies and individuals responsible for drilling " at the site . BP was "  ultimately responsible " for operations at the site "  in a way that ensured the safety and protection of personnel , equipment , natural resources , and the environment , " the report concludes . But Transocean , the owner of the Deepwater Horizon rig , was also "  responsible for conducting safe operations and for protecting personnel onboard . " Meanwhile , Halliburton -- a BP contractor -- was "  responsible for conducting the cement job , and ... had certain responsibilities for monitoring the well , " the report says . A spokesman for BP said the company agrees with report 's conclusion . "  The Deepwater Horizon accident was the result of multiple causes , involving multiple parties , including Transocean and Halliburton , " Scott Dean said . "  BP  has  acknowledged its role in the accident and has taken concrete steps to further enhance safety . ... We continue to encourage other parties to acknowledge their roles in the accident and make changes to help prevent similar accidents in the future . " Lou Colasuonno , a Transocean spokesman , said the report "  confirms that the primary cause of the incident was the catastrophic failure of the cement in the Macondo well , " but his company continues to take "  strong exception to  any  criticisms of the Horizon drill crew . " Halliburton continued to deny any responsibility for the tragedy . The report "  incorrectly attributes the operation decisions to Halliburton , " said Zelma Branch , a Halliburton spokeswoman . "  Every contributing cause where Halliburton is named , the operational responsibility lies solely with BP . Halliburton remains confident that all the work we performed with respect to the Macondo well was completed in accordance with BP 's specifications for its well construction plan and instructions . " The explosion on the rig led to more than 200 million gallons of oil being released into the Gulf . Eleven people working on the rig died in the explosion , while 16 others were injured . Besides the oil , hundreds of thousands of gallons of chemical dispersant went into the water . At the peak of the crisis , in June 2010 , 37 % of Gulf waters -- a total of 88,522 square miles -- were closed to fishing due to contamination . The U.S. government announced plans in August to hold its first oil and natural gas lease sale in the Gulf since the incident . The proposed sale , scheduled for mid-December in New Orleans , will include more than 20 million acres in the western Gulf , according a recent statement from the Department of the Interior . CNN 's Vivian Kuo and Alan Silverleib contributed to this report	NEW : While BP agrees with the report 's conclusion , Halliburton rejects any responsibility The final federal government report on the Gulf oil spill blames BP , Transocean , and Halliburton The companies violated numerous federal safety regulations , the report says 11 rig workers died and 200 million gallons of oil were released into the Gulf
NEW YORK  CNN  -- A US Airways plane with 155 people on board ditched into a chilly Hudson River on Thursday , apparently after striking at least one bird upon takeoff from New York 's LaGuardia Airport , according to officials and passengers . iReporter Julie Pukelis used a camera and a telescope to get this view of the scene in the river . Everyone on board was accounted for and alive , officials said . About 15 people were being treated at hospitals and others were being evaluated at triage centers . Flight 1549 , headed to Charlotte , North Carolina , was airborne less than three minutes , according to FAA spokeswoman Laura Brown . The pilot radioed to air traffic controllers that he had experienced a bird strike and declared an emergency , a New Jersey State Police source said . "  I think a lot of people started praying and just collecting themselves , " said passenger Fred Berretta . "  It was quite stunning . " Watch passenger describe landing " He said he was expecting the plane to flip over and break apart , but it did not . "  It was a great landing , " Berretta said . Air traffic controllers at LaGuardia saw the plane clear the George Washington Bridge by less than 900 feet before gliding into the water about 3:31 p.m. , an aviation source told CNN . iReport.com : Are you there ? Send images Witness Ben Vonklemperer said he watched the plane from the 25th floor of an office building . "  If someone 's going to land a plane in the water , this seemed the best possible way to do it , " Vonklemperer said . "  The way they hit it was very gradual . A very slow contact with the water . " As the situation began to settle Thursday evening , the flight 's pilot , Chesley B. "  Sully " Sullenberger , emerged as a hero , with praise being heaped on him by passengers , officials and aviation experts . "  I do n't think there 's enough praise to go around for someone who does something like this . This is something you really ca n't prepare for , " said former Delta pilot Denny Walsh . "  You really do n't practice water landings in commercial airplanes . Just the sheer expertise he demonstrated is amazing . " US Airways CEO Doug Parker said it would be premature to speculate about the cause of the accident until the National Transportation Safety Board , which is sending a team to the site , completed an investigation . A source familiar with the situation , however , told CNN the pilot reported a double bird strike , but it was unclear whether that meant birds in both engines or two birds in one engine . The pilot initially said he needed to go back , and air traffic controllers started to give him clearance to do so , but the pilot said he wanted to head to Teterboro , New Jersey , because it was closer . That was the last transmission from the pilot , the source said . Passenger Alberto Panero said that within a few minutes after takeoff , he heard a loud bang and smelled smoke . Watch passenger say he heard a loud bang " "  That 's when we knew we were going down and into the water . We just hit , and somehow the plane stayed afloat and we were able to get on the raft . It 's just incredible right now that everybody 's still alive . " Passenger Jeff Kolodjay of Norwalk , Connecticut , said he was sitting in seat 22A , near one of the engines . "  The captain came on and said , ` Look , we 're going down . Brace for impact . ' Everyone looked at each other and we said our prayers . I said about five Hail Marys , " said Kolodjay , who was headed to Charlotte to play golf . "  The plane started filling with water pretty quick , " he said . "  It was scary . There was a lady with her baby on my left-hand shoulder , and she was crawling over the seats . " Watch footage of plane in water " Police , fire and Coast Guard boats , along with commercial ferries , were quickly on the scene as passengers lined up on slightly submerged safety chutes . New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg said later Thursday that the plane was tied to a pier at Battery Park City in lower Manhattan . As night fell , Coast Guard and FDNY boats remained at the scene . President Bush commended those involved in the rescue . "  Laura and I are inspired by the skill and heroism of the flight crew as well as the dedication and selflessness of the emergency responders and volunteers who rescued passengers from the icy waters of the Hudson , " he said . Bloomberg also commended the pilot for not leaving the plane until he had checked to make sure everyone had been been evacuated . "  It would appear that the pilot did a masterful job of landing the plane in the river and then making sure that everybody got out , " Bloomberg said . "  I had a long conversation with the pilot , " Bloomberg said . "  He walked the plane twice after everybody else was off , and tried to verify that there was nobody else on board , and assures us there were not . " "  There is a heroic pilot , " said Gov. David Paterson . "  We have had a miracle on 34th Street , I believe we now have a miracle on the Hudson . " The temperature in New York was 20 degrees about the time of the crash off Manhattan 's west side . See map of crash site " Dr. Gabriel Wilson , associated medical director of the emergency room at Roosevelt Hospital , said 55 survivors were checked out and cleared to leave from the scene . Those being treated at hospitals included a husband and wife with hypothermia at Roosevelt Hospital , as well as a flight attendant with a leg fracture , hospital spokeswoman Michelle Stiles said . Since 1975 , five large jetliners have had major accidents in which bird strikes played a role , according to the Web site of Bird Strike Committee USA , a volunteer group dedicated to reducing the frequency and severity of the strikes . More than 56,000 bird strikes were reported to the FAA from 1998 to 2004 , according to the group 's Web site . People who believe they may have had relatives on the flight may call US Airways at 1-800-679-8215 within the United States , the airline said . CNN 's Mike Brooks , Jeanne Meserve and Mike Ahlers contributed to this report .	NEW : Flight 's pilot , C.B. Sullenberger , emerges as hero of "  miracle on the Hudson " All 155 passengers and crew aboard US Airways Flight 1549 alive , FAA says President says he is inspired by skill , heroism of flight crew , rescue teams Flight was headed from New York to Charlotte , North Carolina
Beijing  CNN  -- Washington is sending a veteran politician , not a career diplomat , as its new ambassador to China . Six-term Democratic Party Senator Max Baucus , 72 , will soon take up his diplomatic post in Beijing , replacing Gary Locke , who is stepping down to rejoin his family in Seattle . Given his relative lack of China experience , some , in both the U.S. and in China are wondering if Baucus is a good choice . He has made eight trips to China and has met with to Chinese leaders , but he is not considered a China hand . His strong suit is his extensive experience when it comes to trade issues . In his new role , he is expected to press China to play by internationally accepted rules regarding currency , intellectual property , labor and human rights and free trade . His past trade successes involving China have also been noted . "  In the 1990s , he played a pivotal role in China 's accession to the World Trade Organization and normalizing trade ties between our countries , " said Xie Tao , a professor at Beijing University of Languages and Culture . "  To appoint a free trade supporter and a veteran senator can be viewed as a positive move from the US administration to encourage more trade . " Knowledge = power ? Over the past 25 years covering China , I have seen several U.S. ambassadors come and go . They came with different personal and career backgrounds , politics and agenda . Curiously , the envoy 's knowledge of China did not always equate to impact on policy-making . China-born and Mandarin-speaking James Lilley  1989-1991  and Stapleton Roy  1991-1995  displayed deep knowledge of Chinese history and culture , but because they were political outsiders in Washington , their advice often went unheeded . In contrast , retired senator Jim Sasser  1996-1999  knew little about China before his posting , but because he was a political insider , "  he could walk into the White House or Capitol Hill , meet with the president or with influential senators , and lobby , " recalled a political analyst in Beijing . ` Low key ' Locke Locke , 63 , was the first American of Chinese descent to head the embassy in Beijing . Under his two-and-a-half year watch , the embassy was embroiled in dramatic diplomatic rows but his common touch made him popular among ordinary Chinese . In February 2012 , a former police chief in Chongqing sought refuge in the U.S. consulate in Chengdu , which ultimately led to the downfall of top politician Bo Xilai . Two months later , Chen Guangcheng , a blind activist , escaped from house arrest to seek refuge in the Beijing embassy . Locke helped broker a deal that allowed Chen to travel to New York to study . Chinese netizens admired him for his low-key and frugal style . He will perhaps be best remembered for photographs taken before he landed in Beijing , which showed him carrying his backpack and using vouchers to buy coffee at a Starbucks at the Seattle airport . These pictures went viral in China 's social media . Reports of him flying economy class and turning down five-star hotel accommodation during business trips buttressed his unassuming public image . Some local commentators taunted Locke for resorting to "  publicity stunts " , but these vignettes went down well with a Chinese public turned off by tales of corruption , extravagance and arrogance among their own officials . "  The Chinese loved Locke because he fulfilled the many dreams of Chinese who still saw the U.S. as a land of opportunity , " said a former diplomat who worked for Locke . "  They also feared him because his down-to-earth style and common touch reminded Chinese people what many of their own government leaders were not . " Many Chinese credit Locke for cutting the waiting time for U.S. visas to three to five days from 70 to 100 days when he took over . The improvement significantly increased Chinese business and travel tourism to the U.S. "  His primary target was making the potential of Chinese economic growth benefit the American people , " the diplomat added . Baucus ' to-do list Difficulties lie ahead for Baucus as the two big powers wrestle a slew of thorny problems , including strategic mistrust , the volatile territorial issues pitting China against U.S. allies Japan and the Philippines , the Taiwan issue , and differences over trade and human rights . And Baucus will be hard-pressed to keep Obama and U.S. policy makers focused on China as they are distracted by myriad domestic and global issues . "  He will have to keep DC 's interest piqued to keep the U.S.-China relationship as one of the more important bilateral relationships out there , " said the former U.S. diplomat . "  He is going to have to use his relationships on the Capitol Hill and among the DC elite to keep China issues at the forefront . " Shen Dingli , executive dean of the Institute of International Studies at Fudan University in Shanghai , thinks Locke 's weaknesses are Baucus ' strengths . "  Baucus was a colleague of Obama , Biden and McCain , a friend of Clinton . Forty years in DC , so he knows everyone , " said Shen . "  Locke was an outsider in Washington DC and that was his inherent disadvantage . " What lessons can Baucus draw from his predecessor ? Outgoing Locke suggests that Baucus travel extensively , especially to small villages in remote areas . "  My sincere advice to him is to visit various places in China -- as many as he can -- and understand local customs and practices , " Locke said in a magazine interview on the eve of his departure . "  Beijing is not China and big cities ca n't be representative of China . " During his relatively short tenure , Locke has traveled to Chongqing , Guangdong , Sichuan , Tibet and Xinjiang , where he talked with local officials and residents . Fudan University 's Shen says the new ambassador should act as a bridge between the two countries . "  While preaching American values , do n't alienate yourself from the Chinese government and people , " he said . It seems that the Chinese people are already talking about him . He 's been a hot topic of conversation on social media in the country since his appointment , with some having fun suggesting how to transliterate his name in Chinese . One suggests Bao Ke Si , which literally means "  assured to cough to death " , a tangential criticism of Beijing 's polluted air . Some local netizens wonder whether the 72-year-old incoming envoy could bear Beijing 's pernicious heavy smog . For his part , Baucus , a keen distance runner during his time inside the Beltway , may already have a head-start in ingratiating himself with Beijingers . He said shortly after his confirmation that he has his "  eye on the Beijing marathon , " although he may want to wait and see what smog levels are like closer to the date .	Washington has chosen veteran politician with little diplomatic experience Senator Max Baucus will soon take up post in Beijing , replacing Gary Locke Locke faced dramatic political crises but was popular among ordinary Chinese Baucus 's Washington connections likely to be his biggest asset , analysts say
CNN  Ivory Coast claimed its first Africa Cup of Nations title in 23 years after beating Ghana 9-8 in a dramatic penalty shootout in the final Sunday . The winning penalty was scored by Ivory Coast goalkeeper Boubacar Barry after he had saved the preceding effort from his Ghana counterpart Razak Braimah . It was almost a carbon copy of the 1992 final when the Ivorians beat Ghana on spot kicks after a goalless draw and extra time . The 35-year-old Barry , who replaced the injured Sylvain Ghobouo for the final , had been beset by cramp during the lengthy shootout , but mustered the energy to fire his kick past the unfortunate Braimah to spark wild celebrations by his team . Ghana had looked set to win its first AFCON crown since 1982 when it took a 2-0 lead in the shootout after Manchester City 's new signing Wilfired Bony and teammate Tallo had failed to convert their kicks . But the Black Stars failed to take full advantage as Afriyie Acquah saw his effort saved by Barry and Frank Acheampong sent his effort wide . With all the remaining outfield players successful with their kicks , it was left to the respective goalkeepers to play out the final drama . The match in Bata in Equatorial Guinea was watched by the country 's president Teodoro Obiang , FIFA president Sepp Blatter and Confederation of Africa Football  CAF  president Issa Hayatou . They saw a tactical affair which rarely reached the heights expected of a match between two powerhouses of African football , played in a stadium less than full . The Elephants of Ivory Coast made the better start but failed to forge a clear cut opening as the supply to star striker Bony was restricted . Ghana came closest to an opening as Christian Atsu 's snap shot from the edge of the area rattled the post and late in the first half Andrew Ayew 's effort clipped the outside of the near post . Further chances in the second half and during added times were again limited as both teams appeared to settle for the lottery of penalty kicks . The triumph is the second in three AFCON finals for Ivory Coast coach Herve Renard , who led Zambia to the 2012 title , ironically with Ivory Coast as the victims after a penalty shootout . Frenchman Renard , the first man to achieve this feat , understood what the triumph meant to the winning nation . "  We dedicate this win to the Ivorian people , " he told gathered reporters . "  Football has this magic element in that it unites all the ethnic groups -- all the people who perhaps do n't think the same way . "  Ivory Coast is more than delighted today and that 's the most important thing . " His opposite Avram Grant also praised his beaten side , claiming that reach the final alone was a big achievement . "  We were the better team but we did not create enough chances ... Ghana can be proud of this young team , " said the former Chelsea manager .	Ivory Coast wins 2015 Africa Cup of Nations Beats Ghana in penalty shoot out after extra time in goalless clash Ivory Coast goalkeeper Boubacar Barry scores winning penalty First Africa Cup of Nations victory for Ivorians since 1992
London  CNN  -- Veteran cagefighter Usman Raja has so far worked to deradicalize 10 convicted terrorists after they completed their prison terms in the UK . His work combines teaching Mixed Martial Arts skills and a humanistic and tolerant interpretation of Islam that traces its roots back to the Prophet Mohammed . His success has been noted by British officials who are trying to work out if it can be replicated on a larger scale . Read how Raja 's controversial technique works , is changing lives , and getting noticed . Here are some of his cases : Abu Bakr Mansha , a British-Pakistani , who is now 28 , was in 2005 convicted of terrorism in what prosecutors alleged was a thwarted plot he embarked on that year to track down and kill or severely harm a British soldier who had returned from Iraq . He had pleaded not guilty to a charge of possessing information likely to be useful to a person committing or preparing an act of terrorism . Mansha was released in 2009 under strict conditions but recalled to prison several months later because he was assessed as still dangerous . After he was again released in March 2011 , he entrusted himself to Raja , under whose mentorship he appears to have shed his radical views . Mansha 's police mug shot was used in British newspaper stories warning of a threat from released terrorist convicts to the Olympic Games . He says he now wants to stop other young Muslims from repeating his mistakes . "  I learned the hard way , " he told CNN . Raja said his first terrorist case was Yassin Nassari , now 33 , a British-Syrian resident of London , who was arrested by police after he landed in Luton airport in 2006 after a trip overseas . Police say they found instructions on how to make a viable rocket on his hard-drive , and at his home violent videos of terrorist attacks and beheadings . The following year Nassari was found guilty of possessing information likely to be useful to a person committing or preparing an act of terrorism . According to Raja , when he was released in 2008 , Nassari was very reluctant to work with Muslim community groups enlisted by probation services to rehabilitate offenders . But Nassari heard about Raja through friends who had trained with him in mixed martial arts and agreed to meet him . In the early summer of 2009 they met in a probation office in London and from there Nassari wanted to work with Raja . He said Nassari was interested in getting mixed martial arts training , and the instruction he gave him in cage fighting allowed him to build up a mentoring relationship . The two had wide-ranging discussions about Islam , during which time Raja was able to impress upon Nassari his humanistic approach to the religion . "  What I think he recognized was our sincerity - that we were doing this for the infinite good , " Raja told CNN . The former convict is now working at a charity providing a support structure for Muslims convicted of criminal offenses after their release from prison , according to Raja . Andrew Rowe Raja described how another one of his early success stories was Andrew Rowe , a radicalized British-Jamaican convert who was 34 when convicted in 2005 of terrorism offenses after instructions on how to fire mortars , a coded list of methods of attack , possible targets , and traces of explosive were found on his possessions . Rowe had travelled to several Jihadist fronts , including Bosnia , Chechnya , Pakistan and Afghanistan and was described as "  a global terrorist -LSB- who -RSB- has been trained and knows how to use extreme violence , " by a senior British counter-terrorism official . Raja says Rowe began training on mixed martial arts whilst in prison . On his release Raja provided him with further martial arts instruction , which helped him forge a mentoring relationship . Raja said Rowe was already looking to improve his religious understanding , making him open to Raja 's message . Other Cases Raja has also worked with two men convicted of terrorism offenses in relation to the failed July 21 , 2005 bombing attack on London , a man convicted of a terrorist arson attack , as well as several other former terrorist convicts . He is set to take on several more released terrorist convicts in the coming months . CNN 's Ken Shiffman contributed to this report	Usman Raja deradicalizes released prisoners in the shadow of London 's Olympic stadium The area is sometimes called Londonistan as the radicals ' message often finds a receptive home Many convicted of terror plots in the years after 9/11 are now free
CNN  -- Wolfsburg striker Edin Dzeko expects to play for AC Milan next season . The Bosnian international , whose 26 goals last season inspired the Wolves to the Bundesliga title , has already informed his club he intends to move to the San Siro outfit . "  I recently spoke to Wolfsburg executives about it and they know that I would like a transfer next summer , " Dzeko told Gazzetta dello Sport . "  The story with AC Milan is not over . " Dzeko was strongly linked with the Rossoneri last summer but despite AC Milan holding talks with the Bundesliga side , Wolfsburg refused to sell their top player . The 23-year-old , who also attracted interest from Manchester United , insists his dream is to play with the Serie A giants . "  Manchester United have also shown an interest but I have been a fan of Milan since I was a child , when I watched their games on TV . It 's for that reason that I really hope I can play next season there . " Dzeko is under contract with the German side until June 2013 .	Wolfsburg striker Edin Dzeko expects to join AC Milan for next season The Bosnian international has already informed his club he intends to move to Italy The 23-year-old scored 26 goals last season to inspire the Wolves to the Bundesliga title
New York  CNN  -- One of the street vendors who alerted police to a smoking vehicle in Times Square that was later found to be carrying explosives says he 's planning to run for Congress . Duane Jackson , a registered Democrat and Vietnam veteran , told CNN Wednesday he plans to face off against Republican Representative Nan Hayworth in New York 's 19th district in the November election . In May , 2010 , Jackson and another vendor noticed black smoke coming out of a Nissan Pathfinder sport-utility vehicle illegally parked in a bus lane in Times Square , with the keys still in the ignition . Authorities later discovered a bomb inside the vehicle made up of propane tanks , fertilizer and gasoline . The bomb failed to detonate . Jackson , who sells souvenirs in the square , said his motivation for taking his ideas to Washington is to work with House Speaker John Boehner to help establish more bipartisan solutions . "  I think there 's been so much discontent over the years , both with Republicans and Democrats , " Jackson , 59 , told CNN . "  I hear it all the time from my neighbors in the Hudson Valley , as well as people in Times Square . " Jackson also believes that there is too much bickering and "  nothing 's being done , " and claims his rival , Hayworth , is "  out of touch with the Hudson Valley values . " The vendor was thrust into the spotlight after being credited with helping to prevent what authorities believe was a planned terrorist attack in the heart of Manhattan , even receiving a phone call from President Barack Obama . Pakistani-born U.S. citizen Faisal Shahzad pleaded guilty to the bombing attempt and is serving a life sentence in prison . Jackson said he started thinking about the possibility of elected office four or five months ago , after seeking the advice of his town supervisor and his neighbors , but his interest in politics dates back to growing up in California and being involved in student debates . He served in the Navy and attended Boston University on the G.I. Bill , where he received a degree in city planning . An advocate for veterans , Jackson said he 's traveled to Albany numerous times after former New York City Mayor David Dinkins fought to amend a law that would have ended up affecting the businesses of disabled street vendors . He believes his background in city planning will bring a "  unique perspective " to the race , he said . Jackson plans to make an official announcement within the next 10 days and is preparing to file with the Federal Election Commission . The attempted car bombing changed his life , Jackson said , and is helping him believe that he can make a difference . "  Looking at what do you do , not only for your community , but what you can do for your city , your country , and for your fellow citizens , and when I look back at it , it 's like how can I make a difference ? " Jackson said . "  And that difference somewhat started that night . " Calls to Rep. Hayworth 's office were not immediately returned . National Republican Congressional Committee spokesman Nat Sillin said the potential race between Jackson and the other Democratic candidates running against him will make "  great theater for political junkies " as they vie to be the most liberal candidate . Spokesman Josh Schwerin for the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee did not directly comment on Jackson 's potential run , but stated that "  New York voters are looking for a representative who will fight for middle class jobs and protect seniors from the devastating cuts to Medicare being pushed by Congresswoman Hayworth and Washington Republicans . "	Duane Jackson wants to represent New York 's 19th district in Congress His goal is to establish bipartisan solutions to the country 's problems , he says Faisal Shahzad pleaded guilty to the attempted car bomb attack
CNN  -- Florida has become known for the weird . Highly charged court cases , nudist colonies and a bounty of tanning salons seem to arise in the Sunshine State . And unfortunately , cut-off jeans and flip-flops are not in short supply here . But in the midst of the humidity and sunburned tourists , you 'll find Tampa . Yes , you will still find humidity and sunburned tourists , but also a diverse Tampa Bay area community that includes Greeks , Cubans and Scientologists . The area consists of the cities surrounding Tampa Bay . Four bridges cross this large expanse of water linking the bay area together . As the signs warn you , check for gas before you drive across the three-mile Howard Frankland Bridge . With miles of open water on both sides and pelicans flying by , it 's hard to find a better commute . iReport : Share photos and tips for the Tampa Bay area In the summer of ' 97 , I moved with my family to the Tampa Bay area from Georgia . "  We live where people vacation , " my mom loved to say . My parents bought a house with a pool in which we swam every day after school . We met Dad at the beach after work for dinner where we lost a sandwich here and there to a few daring seagulls . Tampa 's great weather made all of this possible . As I 've traveled around America 's peninsula , I 've noticed that compared with other Sunshine State destinations , Tampa 's climate is superior . The breeze coming off the bay cools everything down . Yes , it 's hot , but the light wind makes it bearable , and in the winter , there are never more than three weeks of uncomfortable cold . Many winters you 'll find yourself on the beach and even in the water as late as October .  Take that , landlocked Charlotte  . iReport : Share photos and tips for Charlotte In downtown Tampa , the Hillsborough River carries diverse creatures from manatees to rowers through a collection of old factories and new office buildings . Along the winding river , the onion dome-topped buildings at the University of Tampa add to the unusual skyline . The campus was originally a grand hotel built by the railroad mogul Henry B. Plant , who saw an opportunity in Tampa with its central location in Florida and scenic landscapes . Follow the Hillsborough River out of the city , and you 'll quickly find Tampa 's natural beauty . The placid waters make for an extremely relaxing canoe trip . The low hanging trees create a beautiful canopy along the river , and the surrounding trails offer perfect weekend escapes for hikers . The river is just the beginning of Tampa 's aquatic allure . Tampa is less than 20 minutes from some of the best beaches in the country . Whether you spend the day sipping daiquiris on the more commercialized beaches in Clearwater or travel south to the quieter Fort De Soto Beach , you 'll be blown away by the white sandy shores and warm water . Just do n't forget to do the stingray shuffle as you wade into the surf . City smackdown : New York vs. Los Angeles Back on shore , the Gasparilla Pirate Festival is an annual event not to be missed . At the end of January , locals and tourists take out their finest eyepatches and polish their hooks in an event named after the swashbuckling pirate Jose Gaspar , who prowled the waters off the state 's western coast during the late 18th and early 19th centuries . While hundreds of boats clog the waterways surrounding downtown Tampa , thousands of people enjoy a parade on land . I hear a little drinking goes on too . There 's no need to drive all the way to Orlando for Disney when Tampa is home to one of Florida 's greatest theme parks . Busch Gardens has a large variety of roller coasters and other stomach-churning rides . For those less-daring patrons , this African-themed park has a multitude of exotic animals . My favorite stop is always the giraffes on the Serengeti . Destination USA : Miami beyond the beaches The Tampa Bay area is home to many diverse communities . In Ybor  that 's pronounced E-bor  , an old cigar factory community with Spanish , Cuban and Italian roots , you can watch cigar rollers ' tobacco-stained hands quickly assemble cigar after cigar . More importantly , you may sample a Cuban sandwich . The popular Columbia Restaurant , founded in 1905 by a Cuban immigrant , attracts locals and tourists with flamenco dancers and authentic Spanish food . Traveling west , you 'll find Tarpon Springs , where you can watch divers unload natural sea sponges from their boats and enjoy the Greek pastries and cuisine first brought to town by the community 's early residents . Or head south and stroll through charming downtown Dunedin , a small town with a rich Scottish background where you might catch a bagpipe performance by Dunedin High School 's band . Even Tom Cruise finds himself in the Tampa Bay area , as downtown Clearwater is the spiritual headquarters of Scientology . For a peek at surrealism , head to the Dali Museum in neighboring St. Petersburg to see the largest collection of Spanish artist Salvador Dali 's work outside of Spain . Tampa 's interesting mix of people has not gone unnoticed . While the majority of Florida votes Republican , Tampa , along with Miami and Orlando , is going to be one of Florida 's few deciding factors in this year 's election . The entire area is buzzing with anticipation for those days in August when the Republican National Convention will draw America 's attention to Tampa . Tampa or Charlotte ? Cast your vote above and share photos and support for your city on iReport.com .	Greeks , Cubans , Scots have deep ties to Tampa Bay area Tampa 's annual pirate festival is not to be missed Surrealism and sunshine make themselves known in the area
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Shock jock Howard Stern 's addition as a judge on NBC 's "  America 's Got Talent " could cost advertisers "  countless millions of dollars in customer goodwill , " a parents group is warning . "  NBC 's decision to add Mr. Stern to AGT will likely result in a sharp increase in explicit content , and we urge you to be mindful when considering a media buy , " Tim Winter , president of the Parents Television Council , said in a letter to 91 companies that have previously bought time on the show . Stern , whose show is heard on Sirius XM Radio , was hired to replace CNN host Piers Morgan as a judge for the seventh season of the highly rated talent competition . The show , which returns to TV on May 14 , is mostly broadcast live . NBC did not respond to multiples CNN requests for comment on the letter Monday morning . Stern 's publicist pointed CNN to an online video of interviews of three unidentified women who attended a recent show taping . All three women said before the taping that they expect to Stern to be crude . They each praised his performance afterward . "  He was n't that crude today , " one woman said . "  He did make a 7-year-old cry ; however , I think he did a great job and he was fair . " Another woman said she cried when Stern hugged that child to make him feel better . When Winter 's group issued a statement in December calling Stern 's hiring "  an act of desperation for a flailing network , " Stern responded with a call to Morgan 's CNN show . "  Networks shudder " at criticisms from such groups , Stern said . "  They start to complain that I 'm some sort of weird pervert who 's going to convert Americans into zombie sex fiends , but I can assure you and the rest of America what I 'm looking at here is to be a very good judge . " Stern said he will take his judging duties seriously with a goal "  to actually find someone who can become a major superstar . " The head of the Parents Television Council , which has a mission of "  protecting children against sex , violence and profanity in entertainment , was not persuaded . Winter asked potential sponsors to consider whether Stern 's "  decades-long penchant for profanity , his affinity for degrading and sexualizing women , and his proclivity for vulgar and explicit dialog " accurately reflect their corporate values . "  Stern 's reputation for sleaze and misogyny is well known ; and to our knowledge his only previous judging experience consisted of looking at insecure , naked young women and telling them whether or not they were hot enough to pose for Playboy , " Winter wrote said . The letter quoted a radio broadcast in which Stern told a female guest : "  I would like to kiss you and chop off your feet . ... I wan na bite off your fingers . ... I wan na have sex with you and throw you in a ditch ...  and  chop your head off . " "  Does such commentary accurately reflect your corporate values ? " Winter asked . Advertisers must have a "  presumption that Mr. Stern will only continue to conduct himself in precisely the same manner as he has done for decades , " the letter said . "  Unless and until his conduct consistently reflects and respects the time , place and manner of an 8 p.m. broadcast television program , we would urge you and your advertising agency to consider alternate network television programming for your media dollars , " Winter said . While stopping short of declaring a boycott of the sponsors , Winter hinted it could happen . "  I assure you that every advertiser on ` America 's Got Talent ' will be held publicly accountable for underwriting any of the inevitably vile antics of Howard Stern , " he said . "  America 's Got Talent " is one of the few prime time television shows that offer American families "  a brief respite from the otherwise-ubiquitous stream of violent , profane and sexually explicit content , " he said . CNN 's Carolyn Sung contributed to this report .	NEW : Howard Stern releases video of audience members at a taping in his defense Stern will likely bring explicit content to "  America 's Got Talent , " a group warns The Parents Television Council aims to protect children from excess in entertainment Stern is scheduled to debut as a judge on May 14
CNN  Well , the thought experiments are finally over . Hillary Clinton 's online declaration for president means the focus will now shift to the campaign and to what kind of president she might be . And nowhere will the speculation be greater than in the area of foreign policy , certain to be a major issue in the upcoming campaign . Should she win , Clinton will add to her potential "  firsts " : first woman president ; the first president who had been a first lady . There 's another one , too : the first secretary of state to become president since James Buchanan . Only a handful of the nation 's top diplomats have gone to the White House  Thomas Jefferson ; James Madison ; James Monroe ; John Quincy Adams ; Martin Van Buren ; and Buchanan  . And none in the 20th century , a curious fact that suggests politics and statecraft are quite different animals . Too few of our secretaries of state have had the necessary experience of elected office or the desire , ambition and temperament to compete for the top job . Still , on balance , Clinton 's tenure at the State Department should be a real advantage during the campaign , particularly when compared with the absence of foreign policy experience among her prospective Republican rivals . But this will be no cake walk for her on the foreign policy side . Clinton will have to negotiate and traverse several tricky and rocky paths to ensure that her State Department career remains an advantage and does n't turn into a liability . Here 's why : The last president to serve in a top job in the administration of his immediate predecessor was George H.W. Bush . Circumstances were different then . Far from wanting to distance himself from Reagan , Bush 41 saw merit in reinforcing the association with a president who dominated his day in a way few chief executives have . Clinton will face a harder balancing act : how to stand by the policies that she helped craft in Obama 's first term and still separate herself from an administration her opponents will blast as weak , vacillating and fairly or not , responsible for a world that is seen to be much worse , especially in the Middle East and with Russia , than when President Obama took office . In the process , she 'll have to define her own approach to the world . Indeed , given the President 's vulnerabilities on foreign policy , she ca n't afford to be seen as Obama 's third term . In her memoir "  Hard Choices , " she 's already laid the foundation for distancing herself from Obama on issues such as doing more for the Syrian opposition and being tougher on Russia 's Vladimir Putin . And she can legitimately work to sharpen those differences without seeming to walk away from policies she supported and leaving herself open to charges that she has no principles , only politically expedient tactics . Too much loyalty to a president who is unpopular among independents will hurt her . But so will flip-flopping . Nowhere will her challenges be greater than on Iran . Clinton presided over the secret channel that laid the basis for the November 2013 interim accord and led directly to the putative understandings reached between the United States and Iran earlier this month in Lausanne , Switzerland . And she certainly can take credit for pushing tough sanctions that forced Iran to the table . The problem , of course , is that her Republican opponents and more than a few Democrats hate what the negotiations have produced . Much less enamored with the Obama 's "  let 's engage our enemies " trope , Clinton may have doubts herself . The good news is that there wo n't be an agreement for months . So for now , she can back the importance of tough negotiating and even tougher sanctions or worse , should the Iranians cheat . But sooner or later , perhaps as early as June if there 's an agreement , Clinton will have to take a stand on what may well be a very problematic and unpopular accord and what Congress ' role should be . Her opponents , the Israelis , and much of the organized Jewish community , will portray it as even worse , and that is likely to be somewhat problematic and will be hyped as even worse . And this will put her at odds with traditional friends and supporters in the Jewish community . Frankly given her political interests , it would be easier for her candidacy if the agreement fell apart and she could campaign on a tough anti-Iranian message , hammering the mullahs ' repressive policies at home and their mischief-making in the region . She may not be that lucky . Still she will have an advantage in dealing with the pro-Israeli community . Unlike President Obama , the Clintons have strong credentials on the Israeli issue . And that will help somewhat in trying to walk a narrow line between a negotiating process with Iran that Clinton launched and its fruits , which are seen by many Israelis and American Jews right now as too generous to the mullahs . Clinton 's time at the State Department should help her in a presidential campaign where Americans are looking for strong and prudent leadership in foreign policy and more adult supervision in the White House . The Republicans will try and show that Benghazi and the email controversy have tarnished her image as secretary and claim she did n't accomplish much . Clinton was n't a Henry Kissinger or a James Baker . But given the problems she confronted -- Iran , stalled Israeli-Palestinian two-state negotiations  none ready for any kind of solution or breakthrough  and a president who dominated rather than delegated foreign policy , she performed ably enough . She improved the nation 's image and pushed 21st century issues such as women 's rights , youth , and the environment . Her critics will dismiss all this as a kind of naive planetary humanism . Still , four years as secretary of state will help her project the kind of confidence and competence that will appear to many as an important credential to lead America in a dangerous and turbulent world . And in a presidential campaign where none of her opponents has her long experience in international affairs , that can only help . Clinton 's biggest challenge on the campaign trail and in office should she win is whether she can develop a foreign policy vision and an effective approach to the world that strikes a better balance between the risk-readiness of George W. Bush and the risk-aversion of Barack Obama . And given the cruel and unforgiving nature of the world America now inhabits , this will be no easy task .	Miller : The former secretary of state has to decide whether she 's going to differ with Barack Obama 's handling of foreign policy He says her experience overseas could be an asset as long as she does n't get ensnared by controversy over Obama policies
CNN  -- He made his name predicting Germany 's 2010 World Cup results , but now Paul the Octopus is returning home to help England 's bid to stage the 2018 tournament . England 's campaign came off the rails in May when former Football Association chariman David Triesman was forced to stand down after being secretly taped accusing Spain and Russia of bribing referees . His comments put a big dent in the considerable goodwill that had been built by the addition of soccer superstar David Beckham to the campaign team in 2009 . Now Paul , who was hatched at an English aquarium in 2008 , is lending his particular talents to the bid despite having retired from psychic predictions . "  Paul has spent the last two years of his life in Germany , but he is definitely a proud Englishman and is therefore delighted to put his support behind England 2018 , " Weymouth Sea Life Center manager Nicola Hamilton said on Wednesday . "  We have had a number of football approaches from around the world but Paul was only ever going to choose his homeland . " The cephalopod correctly predicted the outcome of eight consecutive World Cup matches , dooming Germany 's hopes when he plumped for Spain in the semifinal and then also in the final . He has since signed book and merchandising deals and is set to appear in a film , all of which will help to raise funds for a sea turtle rescue center on the Greek Island of Zakynthos -- which will also receive a donation from the England 2018 team . "  With his predicting days behind him , Paul is now concentrating on a number of new projects and the England 2018 campaign is something we are sure he feels passionately about . Becoming an official ambassador for the bid is an honor for Paul and everyone at the Sea Life Center , " Hamilton said . Paul joins music stars Robbie Williams , Sting and former Oasis leader Noel Gallagher as part of the team along with Prince William , Formula One champions Lewis Hamilton and Jenson Button . The England bid is one of five seeking to host the 2018 tournament and one of eight hoping to stage the 2022 event , with the decision to be made by world ruling body FIFA in December this year .	Psychic cephalopod backs England 's campaign to stage the 2018 World Cup Paul the Octopus returns to his home country following two years in Germany He made his name by correctly predicting results of eight matches at 2010 World Cup England bid is ailing following controversy involving former chairman earlier this year
Victoria 's Secret is synonymous with sultry femininity , and if Carmen Carrera had her way , that would include transgendered women as well . Fans have petitioned for the transgender burlesque performer and model to join the ranks of Heidi Klum , Gisele Bundchen and Miranda Kerr as Victoria 's Secret 's newest Angel . The Change.org petition , which calls Carrera "  a force to be reckoned with , " says such a move by Victoria 's Secret would "  show the entire community that they embrace trans patrons . " The petition has received more than 36,000 signatures , but Carrera told CNN en Espaol that she has yet to hear from the lingerie company . "  Trans women are a part of the female population and I think that they deserve a respectful representation , " Carrera said . "  It would be pretty amazing for Victoria 's Secret to be that huge corporation that embraces trans women . We shop there as well . I can only hope and dream , but I think it 's time . And , I meet most of the requirements and have credibility as a model . They should do it . " Victoria 's Secret declined to comment . Before Carrera became "  Carmen , " she was Christopher Roman from New Jersey . She first garnered fame on Season Three of "  RuPaul 's Drag Race " on the LOGO network . She began her transition to a woman after the show wrapped , and has since been signed by Elite Model Management , appeared on "  What Would You Do ? " and in W magazine , and worked with famed photographer Steven Meisel on a film . For five seasons "  RuPaul 's Drag Race " has demystified drag queens and redefined a standard of beauty . "  RuPaul 's Drag Race " executive producer Tom Campbell told CNN , "  The first face of MAC VIVA GLAM was RuPaul ,  who  was a pioneer for drag performers . Now it 's Carmen Carrera 's chance to break the ` beauty barrier ' for trans people . " While the LGBT community has made some strides around the nation , Carrera said she still comes across many people who simply do n't understand the transgender community . "  For a long time trans people have always been a joke . Our reputation has always been the bottom of the barrel and it 's not fair , " she said . Carrera confessed that her transition to a woman was both a physical and emotional uphill battle . "  I run into a lot of ignorance and stupidity , " Carrera said . "  It gets really frustrating , but you have to take yourself out of it and realize what 's happening in the bigger picture . A lot of people are still uncomfortable with this idea , I do n't know why . I think most of the country and the world have n't gotten to know trans people . If you do n't know me , get to know me . I 'm open , honest and genuine . " "  It 's difficult for people  who  do n't know trans men and women to wrap their head around the whole thing , " Campbell said . "  That 's why it 's so important that more trans people have a chance to tell their stories and , as is the case with Carmen , to give a face ... to the trans movement . " Model and designer Isis King was the first trans woman to compete on "  America 's Next Top Model , " and said that while the petitioners ' hearts might be in the right place , the petition itself might not be the best approach . "  I do n't want any special treatment because I 'm trans unless there 's a particular role made for it . I want my legacy to be that I was hard-working and good at what I did , " King said , "  Should Victoria 's Secret have a trans model ? Sure , why not . But should they be pressured into hiring one ? No , I do n't think it 's fair . " King is n't offended that the lingerie company does n't have a trans model . She knows firsthand how difficult it is for any woman to land a spot in the elite group of Victoria 's Secret models . "  If trans people are going to make any strides in society it should n't be forced , but if anyone can make it as a Victoria 's Secret model it 's Carmen . She 's beautiful and just did a runway show with Marco Marco and was amazing , " King said . While Carrera did n't join the Angels for the Victoria 's Secret runway show in New York on November 13 , she said she has the love and support from those that matter most : her family , friends and fans . "  I have an education , stepdaughter and go to PTA meetings . I live my life as a woman does in this country , " Carrera said , "  That 's what people need to know . " If Carrera ever does become an Angel , Campbell said she would bring RuPaul 's trademark charisma , uniqueness , nerve and talent to Victoria 's Secret , and thinks she 's on the right path . But , if he had to give any advice he would say , "  To quote RuPaul : I have one thing to say . You better work ! " Do you think Victoria 's Secret should hire Carmen Carrera ? Share your thoughts in the comments .	Fans are petitioning Carmen Carrera to be Victoria 's Secret 's first transgender Angel Carrera wants trans women to have "  respectful representation " Executive producer of "  RuPaul 's Drag Race : " It 's Carmen Carrera 's chance to break the "  beauty barrier " Victoria 's Secret has no comment
SPRINGFIELD , Illinois  CNN  -- It was n't long after the Illinois state Senate voted unanimously to remove Democratic Gov. Rod Blagojevich from office that Lt. Gov. Patrick Quinn put his hand on a Bible and took the oath of office to replace him . New Gov. Patrick Quinn says he hopes "  to restore the faith of the people of Illinois . " Quinn , a 60-year-old tax attorney , has spent most of the last 27 years in public office . On Thursday , he took up his greatest challenge yet . "  In this moment our hearts are hurt , " Quinn said after the swearing in . "  It is very important that all of us understand that we have a duty , a mission , to restore the faith of the people of Illinois in the integrity of our government and to make sure that all of our elected officials have the confidence of the voters . "  I think this is our highest calling , " he said . "  I think that is what we have to do in the coming days . " Blagojevich was arrested in December on federal corruption charges . Federal authorities allege , among other things , that he was trying to sell or trade the Senate seat that became vacant after Barack Obama was elected president . "  When I woke up on the morning of December 9 , it was quite a shock , I think for all of the people of Illinois , " Quinn said , "  And I think it is something that you have to accustom yourself to . But I 'm an organizer . Early to bed , early to rise , organize , organize , organize and that 's what we 've got to do for Illinois for everyday people . " Quinn , a Democrat , was elected to the office of lieutenant governor in 2002 and was re-elected in 2006 . "  His priorities include advocating for taxpayers and consumers , protecting the environment , promoting decent health care , and helping members of the armed services and their families , " his official Web site said . He served a term as Illinois state treasurer from 1991 to 1995 , leaving office after an unsuccessful campaign for secretary of state in 1994 . Quinn waged another losing campaign in 1996 when Dick Durbin beat him in the Democratic primary for the U.S. Senate seat opened by the retirement of Sen. Paul Simon . Durbin went on to win the seat and is now Illinois ' senior senator . His political career began in Chicago in 1982 , when Quinn , then a practicing tax attorney , was elected Commissioner of the Cook County Board of  Property  Tax Appeals . He later served as Chicago 's revenue director . Quinn , who is divorced , has two sons . He grew up in Hinsdale , Illinois , but now lives in Chicago . Quinn called for Blagojevich to step down in the weeks after his arrest and supported the Illinois House of Representatives when it voted to impeach the embattled governor . On Thursday , he said the state 's elected representatives carried out their duties faithfully . "  I want to say to the people of Illinois , the ordeal is over , " he said . "  The citizens of Illinois can be extremely proud of our elected representatives in the House of Representatives and in the Senate , the senators who today carried out their responsibilities with serious purpose and due process . "  I think the people of the land of Lincoln are very , very proud of our elected representatives , who reflected the will of the people . "	Illinois Lt. Gov. Patrick Quinn , a Democrat , takes oath to become governor Impeached Gov. Rod Blagojevich ousted by state Senate Quinn , 60 , is a tax attorney who spent most of the last 27 years in public office
CNN  -- Former Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin has called plans to build a community center and mosque near the site of the 9/11 terror attack in New York City an "  unnecessary provocation . " "  Peace-seeking Muslims , pls understand , Ground Zero mosque is UNNECESSARY provocation ; it stabs hearts , " Palin wrote in a Twitter post Sunday . "  Pls reject it in interest of healing . " The former Republican vice presidential nominee also posted a plea asking "  peaceful New Yorkers " to "  pls refute the Ground Zero mosque plan if you believe catastrophic pain caused @ Twin Towers site is too raw , too real . " Plans to build a $ 100 million , 13-story center have sparked an emotional debate . The developer , Sharif El-Gamal , describes the project as an "  Islamic community center " that will include a 500-seat performing arts center , a lecture hall , an exhibition space , a swimming pool , a gym , a culinary school , a restaurant and a prayer space for Muslims . He said the project "  is not a mosque . " Plans for the project have called for a prayer space where an imam would lead services . A "  mosque " is generally considered a space where Muslims worship . New York 's Landmarks Preservation Commission is scheduled to vote in August on whether an 1850s structure on the site of the proposed center should be granted landmark status . Even if the commission approves landmark status , though , that may not necessarily halt construction of the center . Voices opposing the center dominated a hearing on the subject last week . "  It would be a terrible mistake to destroy a 154-year-old building in order to build a monument to terrorism , " one woman said . The heckling and intense nature of the hearing got to be too much for some participants . "  I 'm ashamed to be an American today , " said Rakif Gathwari , a Muslim-American who reminded the crowd that people from many countries and religions died in the attack on the World Trade Center on September 11 , 2001 . "  I want to prove to this hall that I am a citizen , " Gathwari said , holding up his passport . Some Muslim community leaders say the project could provide an opportunity for improving interfaith relations . CNN 's Deb Feyerick , Julian Cummings , Ed Payne and Alan Silverleib contributed to this report	Palin appeals to "  peace-seeking Muslims " to stop center near Ground Zero She says the project "  stabs hearts " at a time when pain is "  too raw " and "  too real " Backers of the project say it would help improve interfaith relations The project includes the construction of a $ 100 million , 13-story community center
CNN  -- Juventus scored a late goal to secure a 1-0 win against Lyon at the Stade de Gerland in the Europa League quarterfinal first leg on Thursday . The mountain that Lyon coach Remi Garde said his team had to climb in the build-up to the match got a little steeper as Leonardo Bonucci scored a precious away goal in the 85th minute . A scrappy game looked destined to end goalless after Juve substitute Mirko Vucinic -- on for Carlos Tevez -- squandered a great chance six minutes before the end , shooting over the bar from close range . But Bonucci spared the Montenegrin 's blushes moments later firing home at the far post following an Andrea Pirlo corner . Victory gives Antonio Conte 's team , who are currently eight points clear in the Serie A , the edge going into next week 's second leg in Turin . "  It was tough as Lyon were trying to stop us from playing with man-marking all over the field , " Conte said . "  I think the victory is a deserved result , but we know that we have achieved nothing yet , there is a second leg to play and a semifinal to achieve . " Portugal 's Benfica also grabbed a vital away goal to beat Dutch side AZ Alkmaar 1-0 at the AFAS Stadion . Argentine forward Eduardo Salvio 's 48th-minute strike keeps Jorge Jesus ' side on course for a second consecutive final in the competition . Fellow Primeira Liga side Porto were also 1-0 winners , defeating Spanish side Sevilla at the Estadio do Dragao -- center-back Eliaquim Mangala with the goal after 31 minutes . The competition 's other remaining La Liga side , Valencia also had a night to forget . Juan Antonio Pizzi 's side went down 3-0 at to Basel at St Jakob-Park in a match played behind closed doors . The Swiss side was penalized by UEFA after fans threw fireworks onto the pitch in their last 16 match against Salzburg . Basel all but booked their place in the semifinals thanks to a first-half brace from Argentine midfielder Matias Emilio Delgado before Valentin Stocker added a third in injury time . The second legs of all four matches will take place on Thursday April 10 . Read more : FIFA ban ` unjust ' says FC Barcelona president	Leonardo Bonucci gives Juve 1-0 win over Lyon in Europa League quarterfinal Last year 's runners-up also 1-0 winners over Dutch side AZ Alkmaar Bad night for Spanish sides as both Sevilla and Valencia lose their away ties
CNN  -- America 's top defense officials left open the possibility of targeting ISIS fighters in Syria , saying during a news briefing Thursday that it was not enough to just hit the extremist group in Iraq . Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel and Gen. Martin Dempsey , chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , stopped short of calling for U.S. military action in eastern Syria , an ISIS stronghold . "  Can they be defeated without addressing that part of the organization that resides in Syria ? The answer is no , " Dempsey said during the briefing at the Pentagon . Repeatedly pushed by reporters about whether that meant operations against ISIS in Syria , Hagel said , "  We 're looking at all options . " While it 's unclear what those options may be , Hagel said the United States is "  very clear-eyed " about ISIS , which calls itself the Islamic State but also is known as the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria . "  They are beyond just a terrorist group . They marry ideology , a sophistication of strategic and tactical military prowess , " Hagel said . "  This is beyond anything we have seen , and we must prepare for everything . And the only way you do that is that you take a cold , steely hard look at it and get ready . " Speaking at a town hall meeting in Arizona , Republican Sen. John McCain , who has advocated for strikes against ISIS in Syria , said the extremists were "  an enemy that must be defeated . Not stopped , but defeated . " "  It is a cancer which has spread throughout that region and can spread into Europe and into the United States of America , " McCain said . His phrase echoed the term President Barack Obama used Wednesday to describe the terrorist group . Hagel offered his condolences to the family of American journalist James Foley , whose execution at the hands of ISIS was captured on video and posted online this week as a warning to the United States . The group threatened the life of another American hostage , believed to be journalist Steven Sotloff , if the United States did not end its airstrikes in Iraq . The threat has done little to curb U.S. military operations in Iraq . On Thursday , American warplanes pounded ISIS targets near Mosul Dam , where Iraqi forces have been battling to retake control of the area . A total of six airstrikes hit ISIS positions , according to the Defense Department . The strikes destroyed or damaged three ISIS Humvees , one ISIS vehicle and multiple locations where improvised explosives had been placed , the U.S. military said . Obama ordered targeted airstrikes in Iraq this month to protect U.S. personnel and facilities as well as minorities being brutalized by ISIS . Since August 8 , the U.S. military has carried out 90 airstrikes , 57 of them in support of Iraqi forces near the Mosul Dam , according to the Defense Department . Mosul Dam is the largest in the country , and Iraqi and U.S. officials fear that a breach in the dam would threaten the lives of millions of Iraqis who live downstream in Mosul and Baghdad . U.S. airstrikes played a role helping Kurdish and Iraqi forces retake control of the dam , pushing back ISIS militants who seized it . With the dam clear of ISIS fighters , Iraqi forces are expanding their area of control , the Defense Department said . The fighting and efforts by ISIS militants to take over towns in northern Iraq have forced as many as 1.2 million Iraqis from their homes so far this year , according to UNHCR estimates . On Thursday , Kurdistan 's regional government praised the assistance provided by the United States and the international community . "  We are grateful to the men and women of the American armed forces who have carried out these decisive attacks against the terrorist forces of ISIS , " said a statement from the regional government . Nechirvan Barzani , the prime minister of the regional government , described the beheading of Foley as "  a horrendous act committed with utter disregard for human life . " "  Like Mr. Foley , several hundred innocent members of the Yazidi and Christian communities have been killed in the same manner , " Barzani said in a statement Thursday . "  There is no way to overstate the extent of this inhumanity , and it illustrates the true , dark nature of the terrorists that we are confronting . " Also Thursday , a third French aid flight headed to Irbil , according to the French foreign ministry . The aid includes 21 metric tons of food , tents , medical supplies and other basic necessities . France has delivered 58 metric tons of aid since it started its humanitarian flights on August 15 , the ministry said . What will it take to beat ISIS militants ? Foley 's final months : Mock executions , failed rescue attempt Who 's doing what to fight ISIS CNN 's Ashley Fantz , Jethro Mullen , Shirley Henry , Pierre Meilhan , Samira Said , Melanie Whitley and Hamdi Alkhshali contributed to this report .	ISIS is "  a cancer " that can spread into Europe and the U.S. , Sen. John McCain says "  This is beyond anything we have seen , " Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel says Dempsey says ISIS ca n't be defeated without addressing its presence in Syria U.S. Central Command has conducted 51 airstrikes near the Mosul Dam
On CNN 's "  State of the Union , " host and chief national correspondent John King goes outside the Beltway to report on the issues affecting communities across the country . This week , King traveled to New Orleans , Louisiana , to look at recovery from Hurricane Katrina in the Lower Ninth Ward compared to the rest of the city . The Lower Ninth Ward Health Clinic was clinic director Patricia Berryhill 's home before Hurricane Katrina . NEW ORLEANS , Louisiana  CNN  -- Patricia Berryhill sits behind a desk in what not too long ago was her living room , cheerfully greeting those who walk in and reaching for the phone as it rings yet again . "  Lower Ninth Ward Health Clinic , Patricia Berryhill , may I help you ? " Sometimes the questions are routine -- this time more anxious . "  As for the HIV testing , if you come in on Tuesdays from 11 to 1 , there is no charge , " Berryhill tells the caller . "  As for the Herpes virus , you are going to have to see a physician and make an appointment for that . " The patient files in the cabinets behind her now number more than 1,300 , and 95 percent of those who walk through the door have no health insurance . The clinic asks for a $ 25 "  co-payment " but no one is turned away if they can not afford it . A half dozen patients are waiting as executive director Alice Craft-Kerney takes a visitor on a tour . In the reception area , there are health awareness brochures , hurricane preparedness brochures , and a bookshelf about half-filled with children 's books . Craft-Kerney tries every day to give some away . Watch John King preview this Sunday 's show " "  Because we have such a low literacy rate here in Louisiana , " she says . "  So they come by , browse , and take whatever books they want free of charge . " The staff is cheery ; the clinic neat and clean . A sign in the window making clear there are no narcotic drugs inside is a sign of the clinic 's rough surroundings . And within a few steps of the door is a reminder that 43 months after Katrina changed everything , the Lower Ninth Ward is still a mess . During a helicopter pass over the neighborhood , we saw concrete slabs and weedy spaces where houses once stood . Yes , there is a fair amount of new home construction , and renovations under way at some homes gutted by Katrina . But while the debris is mostly gone , much of the neighborhood remains an abandoned wasteland . Overall , Tulane University geographer Richard Campanella says , the population of New Orleans stands at about 330,000 -- roughly 75 percent of its pre-Katrina level . Before the storm , it was about 70 percent African-American ; now it 's about 60 percent . And it is a more affluent city . Campanella says median household income is up to $ 40,000 from $ 27,000 before Katrina , "  and it is not because the city is doing better economically . " Significantly , Campanella says the "  curves " suggesting major changes during the post-Katrina period are "  flattening . " "  My sense is the post-Katrina city we all wondered about 3 1/2 years ago what would it look like -- that we are there now , " Campanella said in an interview on the Tulane campus . "  The patterns are stabilizing and we are in a ` new normal ' period . " A new normal in which the Lower Ninth Ward trails significantly behind . Only about 19 percent of its pre-Katrina population has returned ; roughly 3,600 people live there today , compared to some 19,000 when Katrina hit . There are new twists on the resentments and suspicions that dominated community discussions in the horrible days just after Katrina and Rita . In the place of resident complaints that their neighborhood was slow to get help in the hours and days after the storm are accusations their rebuilding hopes are being deliberately ignored or set on the back burner . Craft-Kerney says a commitment to add a second school in the Lower Ninth , or enticements to bring in a supermarket or a major pharmacy , would help bring more people back , or attract new residents . "  Much of it has been the lack of political will on the part of our government entities , " she said . City officials say there are myriad reasons the rebuilding is slow . One part of this divisive debate is the threshold question of whether it makes sense at all to have people living so close to where the levee breach was most destructive . But Craft-Kerney and many other community activists see this debate in black and white , or rich and poor . "  As my teacher used to say , ` Them that got , gets , ' " she said . The Bush administration 's response to Katrina was one of the turning points in American public opinion toward that administration . But Craft-Kerney says the clinic would not be in operation had it not been for the help of Mike Leavitt , the Bush secretary of health and human services . It sits in what was Berryhill 's home . After Katrina , she decided to move elsewhere in the city , but agreed to donate her former home as a clinic . It was gutted , rebuilt , and Berryhill now serves as its clinical director . It survives mostly because of a Bush administration grant that runs through 2010 . Whether the clinic gets additional federal funding will be one of the tests of the area 's priority for the federal government . Craft-Kerney will soon face the new administration . While she speaks highly of President Obama , she says she worries New Orleans and the Lower Ninth will be forgotten in the long list of major challenges facing his administration . "  I do n't know exactly what his game plan is , " Craft-Kerney told us during the clinic interview . "  But I do believe in my heart that he is going to eventually do some things to help New Orleans . I do n't expect it overnight -- but he did say he would make good on President Bush 's promise to make New Orleans whole again . "	95 percent of Lower Ninth Ward clinic 's patients have no health insurance While most of the debris from Katrina is gone , area still abandoned wasteland City 's demographics changing as it enters its ` new normal ' after storm Clinic director hopes Lower Ninth wo n't be forgotten in ambitious Obama agenda
CNN  -- Americans who celebrate on New Year 's Eve with a bottle of champagne , party hats and a kiss at midnight have an important lesson to learn from the rest of the world  and certain regions of this country  : The arrival of the new year is meant for feasting . As the new year arrives around the globe , special cakes and breads abound , as do long noodles  representing long life  , field peas  representing coins  , herring  representing abundance  and pigs  representing good luck  . The particulars vary , but the general theme is the same : to sit down and share a meal with family and friends to usher in a year of prosperity . Where to see in the new year in style Here are some of the common traditions around the world and a few hints about where to partake in them : Hoppin ' John , American South A major New Year 's food tradition in the American South , Hoppin ' John is a dish of pork-flavored field peas or black-eyed peas  symbolizing coins  and rice , frequently served with collards or other cooked greens  as they 're the color of money  and cornbread  the color of gold  . The dish is said to bring good luck in the new year . Different folklore traces the history and the name of this meal , but the current dish has its roots in African and West Indian traditions and was most likely brought over by slaves to North America . A recipe for Hoppin ' John appears as early as 1847 in Sarah Rutledge 's "  The Carolina Housewife " and has been reinterpreted over the centuries by home and professional chefs . The dish reportedly got its name in Charleston , South Carolina , and it is a veritable staple of Lowcountry cooking . So this is as good a place as any to eat it . Husk , the acclaimed restaurant of chef Sean Brock , often serves Hoppin ' John , as does Charleston institution Hominy Grill . Not heading south for the holidays ? Seersucker in Brooklyn , New York , is serving Hoppin ' John from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. on New Year 's Day . Twelve grapes , Spain While Americans watch the ball drop in Times Square on New Year 's Eve , Spaniards watch the broadcast from Puerta del Sol in Madrid , where revelers gather in front of the square 's clock tower to ring in the New Year . Those out in the square and those watching at home partake in an unusual annual tradition : at the stroke of midnight they eat one grape for every toll of the clock bell . Some even prep their grapes -- peeling and seeding them -- to make sure they will be as efficient as possible when midnight comes . 6 food must-haves for 2013 The custom began at the turn of the 20th century and was purportedly thought up by grape producers in the south with a bumper crop . Since then the tradition has spread to many Spanish-speaking nations . Those spending New Year 's Eve in Madrid should head over to the Puerta del Sol before midnight . It 's a lively square , surrounded by bars , restaurants and shopping , so it 's a good place to be when the new year comes . Tamales , Mexico Tamales , corn dough stuffed with meat , cheese and other delicious additions and wrapped in a banana leaf or a corn husk , make appearances at pretty much every special occasion in Mexico . But the holiday season is an especially favored time for the food . In many families , groups of women gather together to make hundreds of the little packets -- with each person in charge of one aspect of the cooking process -- to hand out to friends , family and neighbors . On New Year 's , it 's often served with menudo , a tripe and hominy soup that is famously good for hangovers . Those who live in cities with large Mexican populations should n't have much trouble finding restaurants selling tamales to go for New Year 's Eve and Day . But gourmands who want the real deal should head to Mexico City , where steamed tamales are sold from vendors on street corners day and night . They can also be found at established restaurants like Flor de Lis or Pujol or tamale specialists like Los Tamales y Algo Mas . Oliebollen , Netherlands In the Netherlands , fried oil balls , or oliebollen , are sold by street carts and are traditionally consumed on New Year 's Eve and at special celebratory fairs . They are doughnut-like dumplings , made by dropping a scoop of dough spiked with currants or raisins into a deep fryer and then dusted with powdered sugar . In Amsterdam , be on the lookout for Oliebollenkraams , little temporary shacks or trailers on the street selling packets of hot fried oliebollen . Marzipanschwein or Gl 1/4 cksschwein , Austria and Germany Austria , and its neighbor to the north , Germany , call New Year 's Eve Sylvesterabend , or the eve of Saint Sylvester . Austrian revelers drink a red wine punch with cinnamon and spices , eat suckling pig for dinner and decorate the table with little pigs made of marzipan , called marzipanschwein . Good luck pigs , or Gl 1/4 cksschwein , which are made of all sorts of things , are also common gifts throughout both Austria and Germany . Vienna bakeries this time of year will be filled with a variety of pig-shaped sweets . Head to Julius Meinl , with more than three floors of gourmet food shopping , cafes and restaurants , to find the most impressive display of pig-shaped Champagne truffles , marzipan and chocolate in a variety of sizes . Soba noodles , Japan In Japanese households , families eat buckwheat soba noodles , or toshikoshi soba , at midnight on New Year 's Eve to bid farewell to the year gone by and welcome the year to come . The tradition dates back to the 17th century , and the long noodles symbolize longevity and prosperity . In another custom called mochitsuki , friends and family spend the day before New Year 's pounding mochi rice cakes . Sweet , glutinous rice is washed , soaked , steamed and pounded into a smooth mass . Then guests take turns pinching off pieces to make into small buns that are later eaten for dessert . This New Year 's Eve , at Manhattan Japanese restaurant En Japanese Brasserie , the chef  and willing customers  will take part in the mochitsuki . The resulting mochi will be served as dessert later in the evening . The restaurant is also serving two kaiseki menus , both featuring soba noodles as a final savory course . At midnight , they will break open a barrel of sake to welcome the New Year . King cake , around the globe The tradition of a New Year 's cake is one that spans countless cultures . The Greeks have the Vasilopita , the French the gateau or galette des rois . Mexicans have the Rosca de Reyes and Bulgarians enjoy the banitsa . Most of the cakes are consumed at midnight on New Year 's Eve -- though some cultures cut their cake on Christmas or the Epiphany , January 6 -- and include a hidden gold coin or figure , which symbolizes a prosperous year for whomever finds it in their slice . Cotechino con lenticchie , Italy Italians celebrate New Year 's Eve with La Festa di San Silvestro , often commencing with a traditional cotechino con lenticchie , a sausage and lentil stew that is said to bring good luck  the lentils represent money and good fortune  and , in certain households , zampone , a stuffed pig 's trotter . The meal ends with chiacchiere -- balls of fried dough that are rolled in honey and powdered sugar -- and prosecco . The dishes find their roots in Modena , but New Year 's Eve feasts thrive across the country . Pickled herring , Poland and Scandinavia Because herring is in abundance in Poland and parts of Scandinavia , and because of their silver coloring , many in those nations eat pickled herring at the stroke of midnight to bring a year of prosperity and bounty . Some eat pickled herring in cream sauce , some have it with onions . One special Polish New Year 's Eve preparation of pickled herring , called Sledzie Marynowane , is made by soaking whole salt herrings in water for 24 hours and then layering them in a jar with onions , allspice , sugar and white vinegar . Scandinavians will often include herring in a larger midnight smorgasbord with smoked and pickled fish , pate and meatballs . Kransekage , Denmark and Norway Kransekage , literally wreath cake , is a cake tower composed of many concentric rings of cake layered atop one another , and they are made for New Year 's Eve and other special occasions in Denmark and Norway . The cake is made using marzipan , often with a bottle of wine or Aquavit in the center and can be decorated with ornaments , flags and crackers . Those who ca n't make it to Copenhagen this year for Danish treats should check out Larsen 's Danish Bakery in the Ballard neighborhood of Seattle . They have a long-running mail-order business to accommodate kransekage lovers across the country and carefully pack each ring on the tower individually for easy assembly right before your New Year 's Eve feast . A 10-ring cake goes for $ 86 ; an 18-ring cake is $ 150 . What are your New Year 's dining traditions ? Share your favorite dishes in the comments below .	Pickled herring , lentils and noodles all make appearances on global New Year 's menus In the American South , hoppin ' john , made with rice and field peas , is said to bring good luck King cakes are part of the festivities in many cultures
CNN  -- A powerful 6.2-magnitude earthquake struck near Mexico 's Baja Peninsula Tuesday , the U.S. Geological Survey said . There were no immediate reports of damage or injuries as the area around the epicenter is sparsely populated , said a spokeswoman for the Baja California Sur 's Civil Protection Office . She said many people there were nervous because earthquakes are rare in the area . The quake 's epicenter was 47 miles  75 kilometers  north of La Paz , Mexico , USGS said . The quake was more than 6 miles  10 kilometers  deep , the agency said .	There are no immediate reports of damage The epicenter is about 50 miles north of La Paz , Mexico
