CNN  There is always champagne at these things , but this art opening is an actual party . Purple light bounces off the white walls in the massive foyer of London 's Royal Academy ; punk music falls down the stairs and Kenneth Anger 's homo-erotic biker short Scorpio Rising is playing on a TV screen . Jarvis Cocker is here , and so are Bob Geldof and Rupert Everett . There are the requisite grey ladies in fur and chapeaux , as well as twenty-somethings in backpacks huddled in groups , downing their drinks before walking into Pace London 's booze-free exhibition space for the opening of A Strong , Sweet Smell of Incense : A Portrait of Robert Fraser . While his name may ring few bells outside of the seasoned London art community , eminent gallerist Robert Fraser , who ran a gallery in London during the Sixties and again in the Eighties , was a seminal part of the Swinging Sixties scene . His notoriety hinged on scandal , parties and friendships with the most famous rock stars of the era , as well as an undeniable talent for spotting art 's Next Big Thing . This is the eminent dealer who sold art to Paul McCartney , and hosted John Lennon and Yoko Ono 's first joint exhibition ; the Savile Row-clad Etonian whose Mayfair galleries attracted the likes of Marlon Brando , Marianne Faithfull and William Burroughs in the 60s and 80s ; the silver-tongued heroin addict who introduced Andy Warhol and Jean-Michel Basquiat to Britain , and was arrested -- and , in his case , imprisoned -- for drug possession with Mick Jagger and Keith Richards during the 1967 Redlands Bust . Curated by the artist Brian Clarke , A Strong , Sweet Smell of Incense -- a winking reference to the police report describing the bust -- aims to blend the rebel , the art connoisseur and the hedonist to present a rounded image of an unsung star of the 60s . "  There are oceans of anecdotes by Robert , and some of them are true . But the anecdote is n't enough to convey the kind of energy that he had , this kind of magnetic energy that drew you to him -- or repelled you depending on your own energy , " says Clarke , arguably the world 's most well known stained glass artist . I first met Clarke three weeks before the opening at his spacious cottage-cum-mansion in London 's tony Notting Hill neighborhood . A literal portrait of Fraser painted by Basquiat hangs prominently in the living room , surrounded by works by Warhol , Francis Bacon and others . Clarke , who was a close friend of Fraser 's and was the first artist exhibited at his 80s gallery , is still finalizing the exhibition selection , but his energy is easy , if a little manic . Harriet Vyner , a long-time friend of Clarke and Fraser , and author of the Fraser biography Groovy Bob : The Life and Times of Robert Fraser , has been collaborating with him on the catalog . She 's on hand to add her own anecdotes to the ocean . "  I remember going to Seditionaries ,  Malcolm McLaren and Vivienne Westwood 's 70s punk shop  on the King 's Road , and it felt a bit scary , but that was part of the thrill , " she says . "  And that 's what people often felt about going to the Robert Fraser gallery in both incarnations . " The idea for the portrait came from Pace London 's managing director Mollie Dent-Brocklehurst a year ago , when Clarke told her he 'd been entrusted with Fraser 's archive .  Fraser died of AIDS-related illness in 1986 at the age of 49 . "  The ` light bulb moment ' really struck when we realized that Pace founder , Arne Glimcher , was setting up his first gallery in Boston at the time Fraser was opening his own gallery in London , " Dent-Brocklehurst writes in an email . "  We 're exploring our own DNA with this exhibition while paying tribute to one of the most flamboyant dealers and aesthetes . "  There 's a buzz in London right now around the exhibition and many artists , museum directors , celebrities , aspiring artists , art students are all very keen to rediscover Robert 's personality . " To hear Clarke speak about Fraser is to have assumptions alternately challenged , rebuked and confirmed . He makes no excuses and offers no explanations for Fraser 's "  more hedonistic side , " but emphasizes his generally quiet demeanor and modesty . The overall impression is of someone with an acute eye for talent  he showed Bacon , Warhol , Dennis Hopper , Richard Hamilton , Jim Dine , Robert Mapplethorpe and Jean Dubuffet  and a rebellious , destructive streak . This is reflected in the exhibition itself , which is set up like an archive . Works from the luminaries Fraser knew , showed or admired are on the walls , while personal effects -- a thank-you note from Ed Ruscha , a Sex Pistols Never Mind the Bollocks poster , arrest warrants , an opium pipe with the gold rim worn to silver -- are kept behind glass cases . In one corner , there 's a recreation of his desk . Take a few steps , and you 're looking at the drum from The Beatles ' 1967 Sgt. Pepper 's Lonely Hearts Club Band album cover , which Fraser art directed . Other elements reflect their personal relationship . A Gerhard Richter that recalls a joint trip to Berlin to see his works in person . An inscribed copy of an Edward Burne-Jones biography was gifted from Fraser to Clarke . There was more to Fraser , it seems , than the people he associated with . "  There is always around Robert this aura of all these celebrities and things like that , and it 's true that they were there , but it was n't anything that he either curried or boasted about , " Clarke says . "  He was not a respecter of persons . He liked people or he hated them . " He was often reluctant to discuss his connections and friendships , even with those close to him . Clarke remembers discussing Truman Capote with Fraser at length during a stay in New York . He did n't realize the two were friends until Capote came over to their table a few nights later to hug Fraser . Similarly , Vyner remembers Fraser fawning over Prick up Your Ears , John Lahr 's 1978 biography of playwright Joe Orton , without once mentioning that he was an early backer of Orton 's productions .  She would discover this while researching Groovy Bob . "  For all of the inevitable references to the hedonistic side of Robert , he had a very sophisticated intelligence in terms of visual art , and genuinely in terms of culture , " Clarke says . "  So whilst he was not inclined to talk culture , he was eminently capable of it . " Back to Pace . A party-goer and I get to chatting about the exhibition , the party , and Fraser . She enjoyed the party , but did n't -- does n't -- know much about Fraser the man . "  The exhibition is so chaotic and eclectic , " she says . "  Maybe that was him as a person ? " Around 9:00 pm , security guards are shepherding the reluctant crowd out of the building , into the cold night . On the steps , a particularly drunk kid tries and fails to goad someone into a fight , while the less inclined start hailing cabs and mapping how to move the night into Soho . I recall something Clarke told me a few weeks prior , an effort to summarize the spirit of Fraser 's galleries and its infamous parties , studded with stars and doused in glamor and excitement . "  When you were with Robert , you felt there was nowhere really much better to be . You knew that you would not have more fun anywhere else , that 's for sure , and you would not be more stimulated , " he 'd said with a kind of wistfulness . "  It was brief and short-lived , but that light burned bright . " A Strong , Sweet Smell of Incense : A Portrait of Robert Fraser is on at Pace Gallery London , Burlington Gardens until March 28 , 2015 .	A Strong , Sweet Smell of Incense : A Portrait of Robert Fraser pays tribute to the top London art dealer The Pace London exhibition , curated by Brian Clarke , features artists represented , admired or known to Fraser Fraser was best known for being arrested with Mick Jagger and Keith Richards for drug possession in 1967
CNN  -- The government is delaying legal action against Pennsylvania landowners who have n't yet agreed to sell their land for a memorial to victims of United Airlines Flight 93 on September 11 , 2001 , federal officials said Friday . This plot of land is scheduled to house the permanent United Airlines Flight 93 memorial . The government has been negotiating with several landowners since 2003 in an effort to purchase their properties near Shanksville where the hijacked jet crashed into a field , killing everyone aboard . If final efforts at negotiations are unsuccessful , officials intend to use eminent domain to acquire the property . That right allows governments to take private property for public use without an owner 's consent , after paying a fair price for the land . The government is seeking to buy 166 acres in western Pennsylvania to complete the area needed to build a memorial on 2,200 acres . "  The  National Park Service  will negotiate with the landowners to reach agreement . If agreement is not reached , eminent domain remains as a backstop to acquire these lands , " said Kendra Barkoff , spokeswoman for the Department of Interior . See plans for the proposed Flight 93 Memorial Interior Secretary Ken Salazar and Sen. Arlen Specter , D-Pennsylvania , met with landowners and some 9/11 victims ' relatives Friday in Somerset County , where the plane crashed into a field . "  The goal remains to finish phase one of the memorial by September 10 , 2011 , " Barkoff said . "  We 'll try to negotiate with the families , but eminent domain has always been and will continue to be the last resort . " Landowner Randy Musser told CNN he is encouraged that the government is recognizing that the negotiations are n't working . While the threat of eminent domain stills seem to be on the table , "  it finally seems like the lines of communication are open , " Musser said . Producers Eric Fiegel and Terry Frieden contributed to this report .	Government may use eminent domain to seize land needed for 9/11 memorial Hijacked United Flight 93 crashed in Shanksville , Pennsylvania Federal officials say they hope to have first phase of memorial complete by 2011
CNN  -- Two people charged in a staged Texas bank heist apparently did n't think twice when they typed messages in the "  What 's on your mind ? " portion of their Facebook pages , court documents show . "  Get $ $ $  ; . , " wrote bank employee Estefany Danelia Martinez , 19 , two days before $ 62,201 was taken from the International Bank of Commerce in Houston , according to an affidavit from FBI Special Agent Kevin J. Katz . According to the affidavit , filed with a criminal complaint in federal court this week , her boyfriend , Ricky Gonzalez , 18 , wrote on his page on March 24 , the day after the robbery , "  Wipe my teeth with hundereds  sic  . " Those postings , plus an anonymous Crime Stoppers tip on March 30 , landed the pair and two others in custody , according to the federal complaint . The tip advised there was information about the heist on Facebook . Martinez 's attorney said Friday the Facebook postings may show his client was immature and deserving of a short prison term or probation . According to the Katz 's affidavit , Martinez told authorities the amateurish scheme was hatched by another teller , Anna Margarita Rivera . Rivera was a teller during a previous unsolved bank robbery "  and believed staging the robbery would be easy , " according to the affidavit . "  Martinez advised the plan was for herself and Rivera to pick a date where they would both be working the late shift and they would plan for the staged robbery to take place close to closing time , thus minimizing the chances of any customers being in the bank , " according to the affidavit . Gonzalez and Arturo Solano , Rivera 's brother , were recruited , authorities said . Bank surveillance video showed two masked and armed men entering the bank around 5:45 p.m. on March 23 . They jumped over the counter and demanded money . One of the pistols later was determined to be fake . One robber took money and the other ordered the tellers to place money from the vault in a bag , the FBI agent said . The tellers , the only people in the bank at the time of the robbery , remained in the vault and later called 911 . On March 24 , Gonzalez wrote on his Facebook page , "  U have to past the line sometimes !! To get dis money , " the complaint says . Martinez allegedly wrote , "  I 'm rich " on Gonzalez 's page on March 25 . Lance Hamm , an attorney for Gonzalez , told CNN that his client was not referring to the bank robbery in his Facebook posts . "  I do n't feel the Facebook thing is as relevant as everyone is making it to be , " Hamm said . "  I think it was just young kids talking , " said Hamm , adding Gonzalez , who could face 10 years in prison , has been "  upfront " with investigators . "  He knew he was in over his head . " Hamm said the incident was more akin to an employee theft . Gonzales was not a mastermind and his role "  should be mitigated " in any prosecution , the lawyer said . Richard Kuniansky , who represents Martinez , said the single mother has never been in trouble and likely will enter a plea , arguing her age and maturity should be factors in sentencing . "  They were young and immature and did n't appreciate the seriousness , " he said . CNN also left a message Friday with Rivera 's lawyer . An attorney for Solano was not listed in court documents . CNN 's Phil Gast contributed to this report .	NEW : Client did n't appreciate seriousness of crime , attorney says Another suspect not referring to robbery on Facebook page , attorney says Four are charged in the robbery of a Houston bank Agents allege two of them , bank employees , organized the heist
CNN  -- Didier Defago is hitting form just at the right time . The reigning Olympic downhill champion produced a storming run in the Super-G on Kitzbuehel 's famous Hahnenkamm mountain on Sunday to claim only the fourth World Cup win of his career . The 36-year-old Swiss racer crossed the line in a time of one minute 10.38 seconds , edging out America 's Bode Miller by just 0.05 seconds . Norway 's Aksel Lund Svindal and Max Franz of Austria finishing joint third after finishing 0.15 off Defago 's pace . "  When you push so hard in your run , you cross the finish line and you have this something inside that needs to go out , " Defago said , FIS-SKI . com reported . "  It 's a great feeling ... it must be all the energy I collected over the months that need to go out . "  I was not sure my run would be fast enough to win until the very end of the race but when I came down and I saw that I beat Bode and Aksel I knew I had a good run . " Defago 's last win came in a downhill race in Bormio , Italy in 2011 , but he will head to Sochi for the Winter Olympics , which get underway on February 7 , with renewed hope that he can successfully defend the downhill title he won in Vancouver . It was also a good day for Switzerland in Cortina , Italy as Lara Gut won the final women 's Super-G race before Sochi . Gut 's time of one minute 27.81 seconds was 0.12 seconds better than Tina Weirather of Liechtenstein while Germany 's Maria Hoefl-Riesch was third , 0.61 seconds behind the Swiss .	Reigning Olympic downhill champion wins fourth World Cup race of career Swiss racer pips America 's Bodie Miller by 0.05 seconds in Kitzbuehel , Austria Lara Gut wins final women 's World Cup Super G race before Winter Olympics
CNN  -- Chances are if you bought your favorite coffee in a paper cup this morning , that cup can not be recycled . 50 billion cups in the U.S. end up in landfills every year -- enough that if placed end to end , they would go to the moon and back roughly five times . British inventor Martin Myerscough was puzzled by this and has now come up with an alternative to make the recycling process easier . Most paper cups are made from cardboard with a thin layer of plastic tightly attached on to the cup . This keeps the drink warm and prevents the cardboard from becoming soggy . But it also makes the cup non-recyclable -- which comes as a surprise to many . A 2011 report by the UK-based consumer group Which ? found that 8 in 10 people in the UK thought paper coffee cups could already be disposed of in paper recycling bins . The campaign group is now urging retailers to provide clearer information about recycling . Myerscough 's Green Your Cup is different . "  We went back a step , what we 'll do is make the cup out of cardboard , without any plastic on it and we 'll put a plastic liner in it afterwards , " he said . This way the plastic lining can then be easily separated in a recycling plant -- the liner gets stuck in the filters , while the cardboard goes through and can be recycled and used up to further seven times as newspapers . Myerscough said there will be no difference to the consumer . "  It will taste the same , it will look the same , you can put your lips to it the same . Instead of putting it in the general waste you put this in the recycling - that 's it , " he said . His company is now in talks with coffee shop chains and existing cup makers , in the hope the technology is adopted : "  It 'll take us till next year to get going properly . So the idea is to license the technology to existing cup makers , they can use part of their existing machines and buy our machine and bolt it on as well . " Environment campaigners are praising the idea . "  This goes to the heart of sustainable business practice and gives us all the chance to make better choices when we buy our favorite drink , " Rainforest Alliance 's Stuart Singleton-White said .	50 billion paper cups end in U.S. landfills every year because they ca n't be recycled A British inventor has come up with a fully recyclable paper cup to cut this number down Once recycled , paper cup cardboard can be used up to further seven times
CNN  -- Robots can be many things -- knowledgeable , dexterous , strong . But can they ever be genuinely laugh-out-loud hilarious ? "  If you prick us in our battery pack , do we not bleed alkaline fluid ? " asks Ginger the Robot , haltingly throwing up its arms in its best impression of a real-life comedian . Truth be told , if Ginger were a human it 'd be dying on stage . The cute little machine 's monotone voice has all the drama of a conveyer belt , while its expression is as vacant as a doll . Comedic timing is hard to master -- particularly when you have no emotions . Luckily for Ginger , sitting beside it is comedy sidekick -- and programmer -- Heather Knight . The living , breathing 31-year-old engineer heads a theater and robotics collective called Marilyn Monrobot . The group runs everything from a Robot Film Festival , to Cyborg Cabaret , and stand-up alongside poor old Ginger . "  I fell in love with the idea that we could collaborate between the arts and robotics , " explains Knight , originally from Boston and now a doctorate student at Carnegie Mellon 's Robotics Institute in Pittsburgh . "  I was looking for a way to do a performance with a robot , and I was like ` hey , what about a comedy routine on stage ? ' That way you could make jokes and get real-time feedback along the way , " she says with infectious fast-talking enthusiasm . Funny business The unlikely partnership between researcher and robot is not without friction -- at one stage Ginger informs us Knight has been "  cheating " on it . "  I caught her collecting videos of other robots , " says the knee-high "  Nao " robot , created by French robotics company Aldebaran , and popularly used as a learning aid in universities . "  I do n't feel pain , " says blank-faced Ginger . "  But still , that does not compute . I confronted her and she claims she needs to do research with other machines to improve my response capabilities . " There 's only one way to win Knight back , it seems . And that 's through some aptly robotic dance moves . Indeed , Ginger 's charm lies in its very "  robot-ness " -- which has more in common with human comedy than you might think . "  When it talks about its ` perception capabilities still being in development ' -- that gets a laugh almost every single time , " explained Knight , who programs all of Ginger 's dialogue and movements herself . "  People love when it goes all super-techy and acts like a real robot . "  One of the things I 've learned from interviewing comedians over the years , is that part of what makes a performance compelling is authenticity . If you 're going to be a comedian , you need to bring material from yourself . " Intelligent interaction And like all good comedians , Ginger must read the crowd . In this case , that involves programming the machine to pick up on social cues like clapping and even smiling . "  Things like laughter , applause , these are symbolic things that we all do , " says Knight . "  So when you 're in a theater you can have hundreds of people that are also data points . "  In the past I 've given the audience feedback cards that were red on one side and green on the other , so they could explicitly tell the robot through its vision whether something was working or not . " Regardless of Ginger 's comedic powers , the adorable bot could one day influence the "  personalities " of other machines . "  For example , if you had a robot that 's delivering juice boxes in a pre-school , then you 'd want it to be pretty warm , " explained Knight . "  But if you have a robot that 's a security guard in a garage at night , with some suspicious people hanging around , then being a little intimidating can totally be appropriate . " Sweet science While other engineers compete to create the most human-like robot ever , Knight says they might be better off making machines that "  we just really like having around . " "  There 's all these different relationships we have with technology now -- frustration with our software updates , or bonding with our cars to the point of naming them , " she said . "  So it can be refreshing to have a piece of technology actually making fun of its self , rather than just inconveniencing us when it 's supposed to be improving our lives . " Ginger 's unique comedy act is n't just a research project -- it 's an important teaching tool , with Knight 's Ted talk attracting over 600,000 views online . "  When the robot makes fun of me , it means I can tell you about my research and it 's like my own self-deprecation , " explained the bubbly engineer , and you get the feeling her popularity is not just down to Ginger , but her own charismatic stage presence . "  It 's the spoonful of sugar that makes the education go down . " One thing 's for sure , science class would have been a whole lot more interesting with these two at the front . "  They call me Ginger the Robot , gosh I love saying that . It makes me feel like some sort of super hero , " says the miniature machine with a jerky swivel of the head . "  But actually I am just a mediocre robotic comedian . " Boom ! Boom ! Quiz : 10 female scientists you should know Twitter Chat : How do we get girls into STEM ? Design : The mosque architect breaking the mold	Introducing the human and robot comedy duo with a difference Researcher Heather Knight and Ginger the Robot perform on stage Machine picks up on audiences responses like laughter and applause Could shape the personalities of robots in the future
CNN  A former Miami Dolphins player apparently lived up to his old NFL team 's name and says he swam nine miles in the ocean to shore after falling off his boat . Fighting back tears , Rob Konrad , 38 , recounted an incredible story Monday at a press conference in Plantation , Florida . He said he swam through cold water in the Atlantic Ocean for about 16 hours , alternating between the breast stroke and backstroke . Jellyfish stung him , and he was once circled by a shark , he said . Appearing healthy , his wife sitting next to him , Konrad told reporters that , treading water in the moments after falling off his boat Wednesday off the South Florida coast , he knew how improbable his survival was . He had read about what happens to the body under such circumstances . He figured that he had maybe three hours before hypothermia set in . It might take him more than 10 hours , at best , to get to shore . But he told himself he would make it . "  I 've got two beautiful daughters , " he said , his eyes watering . "  I was hitting shore . " Konrad said he departed alone in his 36-foot Grady White boat from Deerfield Beach , Florida , at about 10:30 a.m. Wednesday and went about nine miles offshore . He set the boat on autopilot for 5 mph and started to fish . He said he hooked a fish around 1 p.m. and while trying to reel it in , a huge wave smashed into the boat and he lost his footing and fell overboard . The boat was moving east , he said , toward the Bahamas . He was n't wearing a flotation device and did n't see any other boats around . "  I quickly realized I was in a real bad situation , " he recounted . "  I made a decision that I was going to start swimming toward shore , west . " Over the next 16 hours , he said he had two opportunities to be rescued . He saw a recreational fishing vessel . He was floating about 50 yards from it and tried to swim closer , but no one spotted or heard him . A little later , a U.S. Coast Guard helicopter circled and shined its light on him , he recounted . "  They had come right over the top of me , " he said . But the helicopter flew away . "  That was a difficult time . I realized at that point in time ... I was on my own . " Coast Guard Lt. Cmdr. Gabe Somma told CNN on Monday that Palm Beach authorities contacted the Coast Guard to report that Konrad was missing and that it had a helicopter out looking for the former fullback . Down to his underwear , Konrad alternated between breast stroke and backstroke , mustering the strength to keep swimming . He made it through the night , and managed to coach himself to remain calm despite seeing "  glowing " creatures in the water . When he heard waves crashing against the shore , he told himself : "  At that point , you ca n't not make it ? " At around 4:30 a.m. Thursday , Konrad said he hit the shore in Palm Beach . He was shivering uncontrollably so he curled into a ball and tried to warm himself up . He had trouble walking but eventually made his way to a home where a security guard was working . The guard notified that Palm Beach Police Department , according to a department report . Konrad was taken to the hospital , where he said he was treated for hypothermia , severe dehydration and rhabdomyolysis , the breakdown of muscle tissue . Konrad 's remarkable experience has wowed distance swimmers . Sid Cassidy , a nationally renowned distance swimmer , has swum the 22-mile course around Atlantic City , New Jersey , five times . He 's trained in the same waters in South Florida where Konrad fought against the odds . "  If you 're a good swimmer and you 're faced with an emergency , you could be capable of doing what he did , " Cassidy said . The Florida Fish and Wildlife Conservation Commission said it is investigating the boat incident . Depending on Konrad 's location in the Gulf Stream , he would have had to swim west , across the water 's south-to-north current , according to CNN meteorologist Chad Myers . The current could have been up to 4 mph . Normally swimming a mile in the ocean could take 20 to 30 minutes -- if a person is very fit , Cassidy said . Most professional swimmers do n't attempt that many miles without help from a team providing hydration and nutrition . Konrad is the CEO of Alterna Financial , a South Florida financial services company . A fullback , he played at Syracuse University and was drafted by the Dolphins in the second round of the 1999 NFL Draft . He played his entire pro career for the Dolphins -- 82 games , according to Pro-Football-Reference . com . He was released from his contract in 2005 . "  I ca n't imagine that swimming is n't part of his typical workout , " Cassidy said . Konrad said he judged which direction to swim by looking at the sun during the day and the stars at night . But even if Konrad knew which direction to start swimming , he 'd have to contend with constant saltwater in his eyes , intense muscle fatigue , wind and , of course , current , noted Bruce Wigo , president and CEO of the International Swimming Hall of Fame in Fort Lauderdale . "  From the salt alone , you 'd have a tongue the size of a baseball , " said Wigo . It makes sense that Konrad stripped down in the water to lessen the drag , Wigo added . A former pro athlete like Konrad knows what it takes to push past pain , Cassidy surmised . He would know how to focus and to stay calm , too . Sitting next to her husband Monday , Tammy Konrad said he has always been the kind of guy who never gives up . "  Rob is a very powerful human being , " she said . "  He set his mind on something and he does go after it . " Diana Nyad : Rob Konrad 's amazing swim for survival CNN 's Faith Karimi contributed to this report .	Ex-Dolphins player Rob Konrad says he fell off his boat while fishing in South Florida He says he spent 16 hours in water , constantly telling himself he could swim to shore
Washington  CNN  -- "  Our foreign policy is just spinning out of control " one senator said . "  Recognize reality , " chided another . Fourteen months after giving up his chairmanship of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee to become America 's top diplomat , Secretary of State John Kerry faced harsh criticism Tuesday from the panel he used to lead . Some of it was the usual partisan sniping that permeates Washington , especially with congressional elections looming in November . However , Democrats also expressed concern about the U.S. response to Russia 's tactics in Ukraine , negotiations on Iran 's nuclear ambitions and the ongoing Syrian crisis . Kerry pushed back , at times accusing senators of uninformed or short-sighted assessments , and the sometimes sharp exchanges showed a rising skepticism in Congress for the policies and pronouncements of the Obama administration as it approaches the midpoint of a second term . "  It 's worth doing " "  I may fail . I do n't care , " Kerry said when Republican Sen. John McCain of Arizona , a committee veteran , complained of what he predicted would be failed diplomatic efforts on Syria , Iran and Middle East peace . "  It 's worth doing . It 's worth the effort , and the United States has a responsibility to lead , not always to find the pessimism and negativity that 's so easily prevalent in the world today . " Russia warns of civil war The debate on the Syria issue demonstrated how things have changed between Kerry and his former committee colleagues . Last September , the panel voted 10-7 in favor of a resolution authorizing President Barack Obama to launch a limited military strike on Syria intended to deter the regime of President Bashar al-Assad from using chemical weapons . The measure never made it through the full Senate and House , in part because U.S. ally Britain rejected taking part in such an operation , but the committee 's support for it showed the continuing influence of Kerry seven months after he became secretary of state . On Tuesday , Republicans who joined Democrats in backing the resolution last year castigated Kerry and the administration for what they characterized as an ineffective Syria policy . "  We have no policy from what I can tell , other than ... allowing people to kill each other off , and us making commitments to the opposition that we do not honor , and leaving them in refugee camps and basically stranded without the support that we committed to on the front end , " said Sen. Bob Corker of Tennessee , the panel 's ranking Republican . Corker and McCain called for sending weapons and other military aid to some groups in the Syrian opposition . So far , the administration has limited its support to humanitarian and non-lethal military aid , but Kerry indicated Tuesday it was considering increased military backing . Support for Syrian opposition Obama has rejected any chance of U.S. troops joining the Syrian fight , but Kerry said the President believes arming the opposition could change the Syrian leader 's "  calculation " of how the conflict will proceed . When he explained how things had changed in recent months , with the opposition fracturing and jihadists joining the fray , Corker noted that such outcomes had been widely predicted . Forget Ukraine , Syria is now the world 's biggest threat "  But what was the plan to not have that happen , senator ? " Kerry shot back . "  I did n't notice Congress racing to the barriers saying , ` we 're going to , you know , we 're going to do something . ' I do n't think the American people were going to send American troops . " He took particular umbrage with complaints that Obama failed to attack Syria for crossing the red line he set on using chemical weapons . Obama had decided back then to attack , Kerry said , and the President 's resolve led to the agreement brokered by Russia for Iran to turn over its chemical weapon stockpiles to international control . "  We came up with a better solution -- to get all of them out by working through the diplomatic channel with Russia , and we have an agreement which is now working out with 54 % removed " so far , Kerry said to Corker . "  So , what 's your take ? Would you rather drop a few bombs , send a message , and then have him still with the weapons and capacity to deliver them ? Or would you rather get all of them out . " The Ukraine crisis also drew criticism , with McCain accusing the administration of using "  the logic of appeasement " by failing to provide military support against Russia 's expansionist moves . Citing Teddy Roosevelt 's admonition to "  talk softly and carry a big stick , " McCain said his former longtime colleague on the panel was "  talking strongly and carrying a very small stick , in fact , a twig . " "  Here we are with Ukraine being destabilized , a part of it dismembered , and we wo n't give them defensive weapons , " McCain added . . Ukraine debate Kerry reiterated the U.S. threat of tougher sanctions targeting specific sectors of Russia 's economy if Moscow sent troops gathered near the border with Ukraine into the former Soviet territory . Initial sanctions imposed because of Russia 's recent move to annex Crimea from Ukraine already had an impact , Kerry said , telling the panel the Russian ruble currency had been devalued by 7 % . Taking umbrage at any notion that Obama lacked the backbone to stand up to Russian President Vladimir Putin , Kerry declared that "  I do not doubt this president 's resolve one iota " while also noting that further steps against Russia would impact the global economy . "  If you go down that road , it 's not just them that feels it , we 'll feel it too , " he said . To Democratic Sen. Robert Menendez of New Jersey , the committee 's chairman , a main topic was international talks with Iran intended to prevent Tehran from developing a nuclear weapon . Menendez worried that the goal of the negotiations had shifted from Iran lacking any capability to enrich uranium needed to make a nuclear weapon to now maintaining some enrichment capability . "  It is far different from where we started off and what we were told to where I believe we are heading , " Menendez said . Kerry responded with his insistence that any final deal with Iran must include proof through verification that an Iranian nuclear energy program would only be capable of peaceful use . The sharpest attacks came from Republicans intent on scoring political points , such as Sen. James Risch of Idaho , who launched a broad-based attack on the Obama administration . "  You ca n't help but get the impression that our foreign policy is just spinning out of control , " Risch said , complaining that Russia continually "  misbehaves " and yet the government continues trying to reach agreements with it . McCain-Kerry clash McCain said failure appeared certain for three initiatives under Kerry -- the Geneva agreement for Syrian talks , the ongoing talks on Iran 's nuclear ambitions , and the Israel-Palestinian talks . Prospects for Mideast peace deal fading Kerry has been criticized for his focus on trying to revive the Middle East peace process , with more than a dozen trips to the region since he became secretary of state . The effort appeared stalled or even broken last week when Israel refused to carry out a planned prisoner release and announced 700 new settlement units in Jerusalem while the Palestinians sought recognition from international bodies as part of a unilateral bid for statehood recognition . "  It 's interesting that you declare it dead , but the Israelis and the Palestinians do n't declare it dead , " Kerry said to McCain . "  They want to continue to negotiate . " McCain rejected that , telling Kerry : "  It is stopped . Recognize reality . " "  We 'll see where the reality is as we go down the road here , " Kerry responded . "  There are serious problems . It 's a tough issue , but your friend , Teddy Roosevelt , also said that the credit belongs to the people who are in the arena who are trying to get things done , and we 're trying to get something done . " CNN 's Elise Labott , Virginia Nicolaidis and Laquahsa Bivens contributed to this report .	Secretary of State Kerry gets a rough homecoming from his old Senate committee Difficult diplomacy is "  worth doing " even if it fails , Kerry says Republicans and some Democrats criticize U.S. foreign policy on Syria , Ukraine , Iran Sen. McCain tells Kerry to "  recognize reality " about failing Middle East talks
CNN  -- Just 12 years after the arrival of the 6 billionth individual on the planet in 1999 , humanity will greet the 7 billionth arrival this month . The world population continues its rapid ascent , with roughly 75 million more births than deaths each year . The consequences of a world crowded with 7 billion people are enormous . And unless the world population stabilizes during the 21st century , the consequences for humanity could be grim . A rising population puts enormous pressures on a planet already plunging into environmental catastrophe . Providing food , clothing , shelter , and energy for 7 billion people is a task of startling complexity . The world 's agricultural systems are already dangerously overstretched . Rainforests are being cut down to make way for new farms ; groundwater used for irrigation is being depleted ; greenhouse gases emitted from agricultural activities are a major factor in global climate change ; fertilizers are poisoning estuaries ; and countless species are threatened with extinction as we grab their land and water and destroy their habitats . The economic challenges are equally huge . Population is growing most rapidly in the world 's poorest countries -- often the places with the most fragile ecological conditions . Poor people tend to have many more children , for several reasons . Many live on farms , where children can be engaged in farm chores . Poor societies generally suffer from high rates of child mortality , leading parents to have more children as "  insurance " against the possible deaths of children . Girls rarely make it to high school , and are often married at a very young age , leading to early childbearing . And modern methods of contraception may be unavailable or unaffordable . When poor families have six or eight children , many or most of them are virtually condemned to a lifetime of poverty . Too often , parents lack the wherewithal to provide decent nutrition , health care and education to most of them . Illiteracy and ill health end up being passed from generation to generation . Governments in poor countries are unable to keep up , their budgets overmatched by the need for new schools , roads and other infrastructure . So the arrival of the 7 billionth person is cause for profound global concern . It carries a challenge : What will it take to maintain a planet in which each person has a chance for a full , productive and prosperous life , and in which the planet 's resources are sustained for future generations ? How , in short , can we enjoy "  sustainable development " on a very crowded planet ? The answer has two parts , and each portends a difficult journey over several decades . The first part requires a change of technologies -- in farming , energy , industry , transport and building -- so that each of us on average is putting less environmental stress on the planet . We will have to make a worldwide transition , for example , from today 's fossil-fuel era , dependent on coal , oil and gas , to an era powered by low-carbon energies such as the sun and wind . That will require an unprecedented degree of global cooperation . The second key to sustainable development is the stabilization of the global population . This is already occurring in high-income and even some middle-income countries , as families choose to have one or two children on average . The reduction of fertility rates should be encouraged in the poorer countries as well . Rapid and wholly voluntary reductions of fertility have been and can be achieved in poor countries . Success at reducing high fertility rates depends on keeping girls in school , ensuring that children survive , and providing access to modern family planning and contraceptives . Two centuries ago , the British thinker Thomas Robert Malthus famously warned that excessive population growth would cut short economic progress . That is a threat still with us today , but it is a warning , not an inevitable outcome . We face an urgent task : to adopt more sustainable technologies and lifestyles , and work harder to achieve a stable population of some 8 billion or so by mid-century , rather than the current path , which could easily carry the world to more than 10 billion people by 2100 . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jeffrey Sachs .	Jeffrey Sachs : Earth 's population will hit 7 billion this month ; milestone , huge challenge He says with earth 's resources already stretched thin , rapid growth is cause for concern He asks : How do we increase opportunities for all , leave a usable planet for future ? Sachs : Vital to switch to sustainable technologies , cut fertility rates
Malibu , California  CNN  -- Smashing ! That pretty much sums up the waves coming to Southern California this week . And depending on whom you ask -- weather forecasters or surfers -- that word means either life-threatening peril or enlivening fun . Far offshore , Hurricane Marie is driving some of the tallest breakers in years to crest at Los Angeles-area beaches . The National Weather Service has issued beach hazard and high surf warnings from more than 100 miles north of L.A. down to the border of Mexico . The swells should last until Friday . They have surfers reveling , according to Surfline , because after a pretty tame season , finally : Surf 's up ! And how . One surfer was sucked out in the current , but fortunately , famed big-wave surfer Laird Hamilton was nearby . He and another surfer helped the man out . "  We pushed the guy in , " Hamilton said . "  I mean , he was OK , because he was still strong enough to swim well ,  but  it was one of those ones where it could have easily gone bad . " He said many of the surfers off Malibu Surfrider Beach were not used to waves as big as the ones this week . "  The ocean loves those guys . It squeezes and holds them down for a little while , " Hamilton said . But it 's not a game , he said . "  You got ta have your respect for the ocean , " Hamilton said . One person died in the water Tuesday night , Los Angeles County Fire Department spokesman Scott Miller said , but it was unclear whether the death was directly related to the tumultuous surf . The surfer may have had a medical issue . Lifeguards performed 115 rescues on Tuesday , Miller said . The dangers "  There is the potential for damaging and life threatening surf , " says the National Weather Service , which predicts waves breaking at heights of 10 to 15 feet . They could erode away a lot of beach , and wrack buildings and infrastructure close to the shore . The pounding waves are paired with other dangers . "  Very strong rip currents and long shore currents will likely create extremely dangerous and life threatening conditions for anyone , " the Weather Service says . Rip currents are hard-to-spot flows that can drag unsuspecting swimmers out to sea . Long shore currents can shove them sideways down the shoreline . There are other dangers , thanks to the number of surfers . "  But the real threat is the surfboards , " said Bo Bridges , a surfer who cut short a vacation in Colorado to catch these "  epic " waves . "  It 's really dangerous when you 're paddling out there and a big set wave comes out , and four or five guys are all dropping at the same time , " he said . Having an effect from afar Hurricane Marie wo n't come anywhere near making landfall , CNN meteorologist Pedram Javaheri said . "  It 's way offshore . " The closest it will come to the state is 800 miles away on Thursday , he said . Parched Southern California wo n't even see any rain , which it is craving during an extended exceptional drought . But even at that distance , Marie 's counterclockwise swirl is still washing waves up the California coastline . Beaches facing the south and southeast will get hit with the heaviest surf . Surfers ' joy It 's great for surfers . It 's where they want their waves . And how they like them . And this is the second time in short order that they 've gotten them . Tropical Storm Lowell , which is petering out , served them up nicely , too . Surfers will be looking for "  select focal points , " as Surfline , a website for surfing enthusiasts , calls them , where its forecasters predict some waves cresting at well over 18 feet . It 's more than high enough to make for tall "  pipes " : the hollow air tubes that top-heavy waves form when they roll over on themselves . Surfers love navigating them , and Surfline will be following the action via a slew of webcams . Surf forecasters have broken down the height of the surf by time of day and particular beach . "  The Wedge , " a point just off of Corona Del Mar , looks like the place to be .	NEW : Surfer says the number of people in the water is another issue to be mindful of Lifeguards called on 115 times to rescue people on Tuesday Hurricane Marie is pushing very big waves into Southern California beaches Waves are expected to crest at 10 to 15 feet in places
CNN  -- Islamist fighters in Somalia have made significant gains in the country , according to the latest statement purportedly from al Qaeda 's second-in-command , Ayman al-Zawahiri . Ayman al-Zawahiri , pictured here in 2006 , also spoke about Yemen , Gaza , Afghanistan and Pakistan . The 25-minute audio recording , titled "  From Kabul to Mogadishu , " focuses primarily on the "  important developments " in Somalia , which al-Zawahiri called "  a step on the path of victory of Islam . " CNN can not authenticate the message , which was released on Sunday and was interspersed with television news reports and statements from various al Qaeda-linked commanders . CNN analysts who listened to the recording say the voice is consistent with his intonation and accent . This is the third message from al-Zawahiri espousing the views of the al Qaeda terror network in 2009 ; the other two focused on Israel 's recent military operation against Hamas leaders in Gaza . In addition to Somalia , al-Zawahiri also addresses the situations in Yemen , Gaza , and Afghanistan and Pakistan . Al-Zawahiri praised Al-Shabaab fighters in Somalia who recently seized control of Baidoa , where the U.N.-backed transitional government had been based . He warned the newly installed government , under President Sheikh Sharif Sheikh Ahmed , not to squander those gains by submitting "  to American demands " and not abiding by sharia , or Islamic law . "  I call on my Muslim brothers in beloved Somalia ... to not be deceived by those who agree to the secularist constitutions which vie with the sharia in its right to rule , " he said . Al-Zawahiri also addressed the "  awakening " in Yemen , where many suspected al Qaeda militants wanted in neighboring Saudi Arabia are believed to have fled . That group includes several former detainees of the U.S. military detention facility in Guantanamo Bay , Cuba . The al Qaeda leader accused Yemeni President Ali Abdullah Salih and his government of being "  servants and slaves " to the United States by allowing Yemen to be used as "  a supply center ... against Muslim countries . " "  How can you agree to let the ruling authority in Yemen be the CIA ? " al-Zawahiri asked the people of Yemen . Al-Zawahiri spent the last eight minutes addressing the situation in Afghanistan , Pakistan and Gaza . His focus on Somalia and Yemen -- which accounted for more than 17 minutes of the 25-minute address -- is a departure from the topics of his previous messages . CNN terrorism analyst Peter Bergen suggested that is a reflection of al Qaeda 's recent losses as a result of U.S. missile strikes along the Afghanistan-Pakistan border . "  There were three in 2007 and 34 in 2008 by my count , " Bergen said . "  These strikes are causing al Qaeda leaders to consider their options . " Al Qaeda has considered relocating its base to Somalia or Yemen , according to a former U.S. official who is familiar with the intelligence . Other analysts have suggested that it would be difficult for al Qaeda to gain a stronghold in Somalia because its radical agenda is unpopular in the moderate Islamic country . John Prendergast , who studies the Horn of Africa for the Center for American Progress think tank , said he expects Al-Shabaab 's overseas ties to dry up after the recent withdrawal of Ethiopian forces , which was its only basis of support in Somalia . J. Anthony Holmes , director of the Africa program for the Council on Foreign Relations , said it is unlikely Somalia will emerge as "  a breeding ground for terrorism " because of its clan-based society . But Bergen noted that both Somalia and Yemen lack a strong central government and "  therefore  are  attractive locations for al Qaeda . " "  Al Qaeda also has had an on-and-off presence in Somalia since 1992 and even earlier in Yemen , " he said . "  As we have seen also , Yemen 's weak government and permissive attitude to jihadists have made it an increasingly attractive venue for Saudi members of al Qaeda . " Bergen said that is most likely why al-Zawahiri chose to focus more than half of his latest message on Yemen and Somalia .	The 25-minute audio recording is titled "  From Kabul to Mogadishu " Voice claiming to be Ayman al-Zawahiri praises Al-Shabaab fighters in Somalia Third message from al-Zawahiri espousing views of al Qaeda network in 2009 Al Qaeda considered relocating base to Somalia or Yemen , ex-U.S. official says
Riverside , California  CNN  -- A conservative county supervisor in Southern California wants to form the 51st state by seceding the region from California , saying the state 's problems require "  radical " solutions . "  Listen , I knew I 'd be criticized . I learned in my tenure of being a politician for 19 years , sometimes you have to do radical things to get people 's attention , " Riverside County Supervisor Jeff Stone said on CNN Thursday . "  We have hit a nerve with citizens who are just fed up with business as usual in the state , " Stone said . "  I 'm talking about a secession plan from the state of California . " This week , the Riverside County Board of Supervisors gave the OK to Stone to hold a summit of California 's local leaders to discuss remedies for the state 's long list of woes -- including secession . But the county board stopped short of endorsing Stone 's secessionist plan by insisting no taxpayer money be used for the conference . Stone has come up with a name for the new state : South California . It would be composed of 13 largely Republican counties , most of which are inland along the Nevada and Arizona state lines . The plan would exclude Los Angeles County , but would include Orange and San Diego Counties , both on the coast . Stone has a long list of grievances against the state and its legislators : high taxes and fees , inability to reform welfare programs , high unemployment and excessive regulations . "  What the state has done is they 've been balancing their budgets on the backs of our local coffers . They 've been stealing our sales tax , property tax , " Stone said . "  The bottom line for me and my constituents is jobs . We are sending jobs out of the state of California by the train load . " Riverside County is among the hardest hit communities by the recession and mortgage meltdown , leaving many communities pockmarked with vacant homes , Stone said . "  We are the foreclosure capital of the world , " Stone asserted . "  We have some areas of the county that have 25 % unemployment . The average in Riverside County is about 15 % . " Stone 's plan seems a long shot , one analyst said . There have been at least 27 efforts for secession within parts of California since the 1800s , and none has been successful . Robert Melsh , a political science instructor at Mount San Jacinto College in San Jacinto , California , which is in Riverside County , said Stone 's plan stunned him , largely because of the high cost of putting a secessionist plan before voters . He called it a "  scare tactic . " "  Insanity , " Melsh said . "  I mean this is major surgery where we need a Band-Aid . "  It takes millions of dollars to get the signatures necessary to put up an initiative , " Melsh added . Melsh also raised the question of getting a 51st state 's government up and running . "  Where is he going to put the capitol ? Disneyland ? " Melsh said . Stone , a pharmacist and owner of an innovative compounding pharmacy , said he drew the lines for a new state by picking 13 counties that were contiguous and fiscally conservative or moderate . A date for the summit of local leaders has yet to be scheduled , he said . CNN 's Traci Tamura contributed to this report .	A Republican supervisor in Riverside County is fed up with California 's financial woes He has drawn plans for 13 counties to form the 51st state The would-be state 's name : South California A summit of the local state leaders will consider the idea
Santiago , Chile  CNN  On the sandstone faade of a two-storey building , a man 's cheeks bulge as he bites on a fork-load of food . A companion opposite licks his lips in anticipation of the leg of lamb before him and a chef looks flummoxed with a goose that 's taken refuge in a saucepan . It could be a scene from a cartoon strip and in some ways it is -- albeit one that has been plastered across the walls of a Chilean restaurant and its car park entrance in the heart of Santiago . Snapshots of social interactions like this are captured on some of the hundreds of murals that have been commissioned across the city over the past year , reflecting a growing trend towards the commercialization of underground culture in the country . Graffiti used to be seen as merely an underground expression of youthful rebellion , an image reinforced during the years of the dictatorship between 1973 and 1989 . Now , however , it has undergone a makeover as business owners have recognized the potential for using the enduring appeal of this often forbidden art form in advertising . More than a hundred muralists now work in the city , according to local estimates , and the number is rising as more artists seek to cash in on the mainstream 's fascination with guerrilla art . Wearing two-day stubble and a baseball cap on backwards , Alan Zrate sprays yellow paint on the walls of a hip-hop nightclub . The 31-year-old from Puente Alto , a neighborhood on the fringes of the city , is one of the capital 's most sought after muralists . His mantra in life is simple : "  siempre para adelante " -- always go forward . With a waiting list and monthly income averaging 750,000 pesos  $ 1,211  , he now finds himself with semi-regular work in a field notorious for not knowing where the next peso will come from . It 's for this reason perhaps that he seems unfazed when a friend calls in the middle of the interview to tell him he 's got yet another commission -- this one for a mechanic 's store in the central Santiago neighborhood of San Joaqun . He 's seen demand for his work increase lately but has not lost sight of how unpredictable its ebbs and flows can be . "  It 's a risky business and there 's a lot of competition , " he says . "  A lot of street artists do this kind of work -- several at a high level . There are other jobs that guarantee higher pay . " Fascinated with drawing from a young age , Zrate began sketching cartoons and stylized lettering before going on to create his first street mural with a school friend at the age of 15 . He went on to study graphic design at university and since then has racked up a portfolio of clients ranging from owners of bars and restaurants to night clubs , a local council and even a hospital . What 's behind the surge in business ? "  Globalization , " he says . "  Advertising these days needs new ideas for how to show your brand or service . Graffiti murals have many characteristics : they 're fresh , modern and huge . Public spaces make an ideal setting for them . " Nowhere is the shift in the public 's perception of graffiti more visible than on the 2,600 square meter underpass bracketing one of the main arteries in the southeast of the city . On either side of a four-lane highway , a sea of faces and local landmarks appear to jump out of what were previously two blank concrete walls . As part of a renovation program funded by the government , the local council of La Florida commissioned ten artists with the brief to create "  the biggest mural in Santiago " depicting the diverse cultural heritage of the 30,000-strong neighborhood . It might sound like an unorthodox way of spending state funds but in a middle class neighborhood through which a sixth of the city 's population  800,000 people  commute daily , it is also a way of sending a social message . When the mural was completed in February , local mayor Rodolfo Carter proclaimed it a demonstration of "  the integration of different lifestyles . " It took the muralists six weeks to produce the finished image , going through 500 aerosol cans in the process . When complete , the result was quite personal . "  Each artist put something into his bit . For example there are dollar signs on the image of the hospital which clearly refer to the high cost of public health in our country , " said Alan . For the private sector , graffiti art has become an effective way of capturing the attention of potential clients and generating a buzz on social media . Across town , in upmarket neighborhoods as well as in historic quarters , giant murals have become a permanent fixture on the walls of small and large establishments alike . For Gonzalo Rodriguez , the owner of La Chimba , a hostel , giving his business the graffiti treatment was a no-brainer . "  Lots of people flip out over good street art these days and if your business has something really cool painted on it people acknowledge you more , " he said . "  I gave the artist carte blanche to do whatever he wanted . I just told him it should have a Latin American feel to it . " Has it generated more business for him ? "  It 's tricky to attribute any increase in business to the mural , " he says . "  But I see our guests and tourists walking by constantly photographing the hostel and posting the photos on social media . That can only be beneficial for business in the long run . " A few blocks away , Gnomo , another hostel , sports a different kind of mural . It has an impressionist feel that makes it easier to take in from a distance than up close . It depicts tall trees in a vast forest interspersed with signposts to faraway places : Buenos Aires , Berlin , Mumbai . Lucas Nettle , who commissioned the mural says he wanted to make his business stand out . "  We felt that through a mural we could represent what we are as a youth hostel -- a relaxed , friendly place where we have a lot of fun . This is represented in the colors . " But not everyone in Santiago has embraced the surge in graffiti art . As the number of street murals increases , some are now questioning whether the commodification of what was once a not-for-profit channel of self-expression has gone a step too far . As enterprises piggyback on the creativity of others , some people are asking whether the authenticity of graffiti art is being eroded -- whether something that once representing non-conformity has been tamed to promote the conformity involved in mass consumption . "  Many graffiti artists criticize us because we are doing this professionally , " says Zrate . "  They 're against the system and they do n't like it that we 're working for government agencies and brands . " It 's an ongoing debate with implications for other forms of self-expression that have recently been commercialized such as sand animation , a form of performance art that involves the manipulation of sand . But the argument often overlooks the practical need to survive in a world where survival is decided by money . In Chile and many countries in Latin America , poverty remains a reality for significant portions of the population . With 15 % of the urban population living below the poverty line as recently as 2011 , 6.4 % of the population currently out of work and many struggling to get by on the minimum wage of 220,000 pesos a month  $ 355  , the opportunity to turn a hobby into an income is a compelling one . For muralists like Zrate , though , what makes him fill his rucksack full of aerosols each morning is less a question of riches than the satisfaction of expressing himself on concrete . "  There are more profitable ways of making money but they 're monotonous . This is my passion . At its best , it 's like a form of therapy . It 's using artistic creation to represent the imagination in a visible way . I find it a very interesting challenge . " The decaying splendor  and strange finds  of abandoned Italian nightclubs Glitter , glam and nudity : Behind the scenes at the legendary Studio 54 Rise of the beard : A short history of the world 's most powerful facial hair	Santiago government and businesses are commissioning graffiti artists to decorate public spaces The previously underground art form is now embraced by the masses Detractors see it as a commercialization of rebellion and self-expression
CNN  -- He is India 's most successful Test match captain but Mahendra Singh Dhoni has decided enough is enough . The 33-year-old has retired from Test match cricket , bringing down the curtain on an illustrious career in which he thrilled crowds across the world . Dhoni , who made his debut in 2005 , captained India in 60 of his 90 Test matches but decided to quit on Tuesday following the draw with Australia in Melbourne which meant his side conceded the series . In a statement , the Board of Control for Cricket in India  BCCI  , said that Dhoni made the decision to retire from Tests "  in order to concentrate " on one-day and Twenty20 cricket . "  One of India 's greatest Test Captains under whose leadership India became the No. 1 team in the Test Rankings MS Dhoni , has decided to retire from Test Cricket citing the strain of playing all formats of Cricket , " said the statement . "  MS Dhoni has chosen to retire from Test Cricket with immediate effect in order to concentrate on ODI and T20 formats . "  BCCI while respecting the decision of MS Dhoni to retire from Test Cricket , wishes to thank him for his enormous contribution to Test Cricket and the laurels that he has brought to India . " The decision comes following a difficult year for Dhoni , who has been hampered by a succession of injuries . The wicket-keeper batsman missed five one-day games against Sri Lanka in November after suffering a hand injury , the same problem which forced him out of the opening Test against Australia earlier this month . That should not detract from a stellar career in which Dhoni has become India 's highest earning sports star . According to Forbes , he is the fourth highest earning sportsman in the world , raking in $ 20 million in 2014 , placing him ahead of Cristiano Ronaldo , Usain Bolt , Kobe Bryant and Lionel Messi . His decision comes just weeks ahead of the World Cup in Australia and New Zealand where India will defend its one-day crown . Dhoni will now start preparing for the tournament while Virat Kohli , one of the team 's star batsmen , takes charge of the final Test match against Australia in Sydney which starts on January 6 . Trailing 2-0 in the four match series , India required victory in Melbourne to keep the series alive . The draw meant that it was unable to overturn the deficit and slumped to yet another overseas defeat -- a recurring theme during Dhoni 's reign . Since 2011 , India has managed to win just two out of 22 away Tests and lost 13 . During his 90-match Test career , Dhoni scored 4,876 runs at an average of 38.09 , while his highest score of 224 came against Australia in February 2013 . The wicket-keeper batsman also claimed 256 catches and made 38 stumpings . Dhoni replaced Anil Kumble as captain in 2008 after guiding India to victory in the very first World Twenty20 title the previous year . He enjoyed a hugely successful start to his reign , losing just one of 13 Test series and winning eight . That run allowed India to top the world rankings towards the end of 2009 , a position in which it remained until 2011 . But India has struggled for success outside of its own country in the Test match arena in recent times . This latest defeat by Australia comes on the back of similar results in England , New Zealand and South Africa . Last August , Dhoni hinted he may leave his role as captain after his side 's 3-1 Test series defeat by England . When asked if he had taken his team as far as possible , he said : "  Maybe , yes . "  You 'll have to wait and watch . If I 'm strong enough or not strong enough , you 'll have to wait and get the news . " India begins its defense of the World Cup title on February 15 against Pakistan in Adelaide . It will also face South Africa , West Indies , Zimbabwe , Ireland and United Arab Emirates in the group stages . Dhoni has excelled in the one-day game having made 250 appearances for India . He has scored 8,192 runs at an average of 52.85 .	MS Dhoni has retired from Test cricket Indian captain made announcement after series defeat by Australia Dhoni led India to 27 victories in 60 Test matches as captain The 33-year-old will now concentrate on one-day and Twenty20 cricket
CNN  -- Barcelona reached the Champions League final after drawing 1-1 with Real Madrid in the Nou Camp Tuesday to go through 3-1 on aggregate . 2-0 to the good from the first leg at the Bernabeu , Barcelona took the lead through Pedro in the 54th minute while Marcelo scored the equalizer for Real 10 minutes later . Barcelona will play either Manchester United or Schalke at Wembley on May 28 with the English side having a 2-0 lead heading into the second leg at home Wednesday . In contrast to the ill-tempered first leg , both teams ended the match with a full set of players and there were none of the ugly confrontations that marred that encounter . Real proved obdurate opponents but rode their luck in the first half as Lionel Messi forced two fine saves from Iker Casillas before dragging a shot wide from a great position . But in the second half , Real showed more purpose and Barcelona were fortunate when Gonzalo Higuian had the ball in the net only for the referee to rule that Javier Mascherano had been fouled by Ronaldo in the build-up . A fine passing movement , which started with goalkeeper Victor Valdes , saw the returning Andres Iniesta play a pin-point pass for Pedro to score the crucial goal soon afterwards . Real responded as Angel Di Maria hit the post but retrieved the ball to play in Marcelo , who scored with a fine strike . Pressure from the visitors led to a tense finale to the match , but with victory assured Barcelona captain Carles Puyol departed to be replaced by Eric Abidal to a thunderous reception . Abidal has made a full recovery after a liver tumor and at the final whistle he was hoisted high by his teammates as they celebrated reaching the final of European football 's top club competition . "  It is a unique feeling , to once again be in the final , " Iniesta , who missed the first leg through injury , told AFP . "  Winning a confrontation like this one deserves to be feted . " Real Madrid coach Jose Mourinho was banned from taking any part in the second leg after being sent off for protesting Pepe 's dismissal in the first match and he watched on television at his team 's hotel . He would have seen an improved performance from his side but Barcelona always had the edge on their bitter rivals over the two legs as they head for a likely repeat of the 2009 final against Manchester United , which they won .	Barcelona reach Champions League final with 3-1 aggregate win over Real Madrid Semifinal second leg in the Nou Camp ends in a 1-1 draw Pedro scores for Barcelona with Marcelo equalizing 10 minutes later Manchester United lead Schalke 2-0 heading into second leg of other semifinal
CNN  -- The eldest daughter of Walt Disney , Diane Disney Miller , has died at 79 , a statement from the museum dedicated to the legendary animated filmmaker said Tuesday . "  She went through life with a determination to inspire and entertain . She was her father 's daughter , a creative force with the perseverance to follow dreams and make a difference , " the news release said . Miller died in Napa , California , the result of injuries sustained in a fall . The statement did n't say what day she died and said funeral services will be private . Miller married Ron Miller in 1954 , a year after they met at the University of Southern California . Ron Miller went to work for Walt Disney Studios and later was the CEO of the Walt Disney Company until 1984 . Current Disney CEO Robert Iger said : "  Diane  holds a special place in the history of The Walt Disney Company and in the hearts of fans everywhere . She will be remembered for her grace and generosity and tireless work to preserve her father 's legacy , and she will be greatly missed by all who knew her . " Miller was one of the co-founders of the Walt Disney Family Museum in San Francisco . At the time of her death , she was the president of the board of directors of the Walt Disney Family Foundation , which owns the 4-year-old museum . She and her husband also operated Silverado Vineyards in Napa . She is survived by her husband , seven children , 13 grandchildren and one great-granddaughter . Her adopted sister , Sharon Mae Disney , died in 1993 . People we 've lost in 2013	Diane Disney Miller was Walt Disney 's eldest daughter She helped start a museum to remember her father Her husband was once the CEO of the Walt Disney Company
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- A northwest Montana town where asbestos contamination has killed more than 200 people will get more than $ 130 million in cleanup and medical assistance from the Obama administration , the Environmental Protection Agency announced Wednesday . Libby , Montana , will get new help dealing with asbestos contamination . The declaration is the first issued by the agency , which has grappled with the "  toxic legacy " of a mine outside Libby , Montana , since 1999 , Administrator Lisa Jackson said . The town was heavily contaminated with asbestos-laced dust that federal prosecutors said resulted in more than 200 deaths and 1,000 illnesses . "  For decades , the disease and death rate from asbestosis in the Libby area was staggeringly high -- much higher than the national average , " Jackson told reporters . Not only did dust from the mine spread all over Libby and the neighboring town of Troy for decades , but tailings from the facility also were used as fill for driveways , gardens and playgrounds , she said . "  Literally no matter where these residents turned , they were being exposed yet again , " Jackson said . She said the declaration "  should be a reminder of the serious consequences of mismanaging hazardous material . " EPA spokeswoman Adora Andy said $ 6 million from the Department of Health and Human Services will go to local health care providers to screen , diagnose and treat asbestos-related illnesses , while $ 125 million will go toward cleaning up contaminated areas . The new commitment brings the total amount the EPA has designated for the Libby area to $ 333 million , she said . The agency still needs to conduct "  significant research " into the health effects of the type of asbestos that has been spread around town since the 1920s , she said , and does not yet know how many properties will need to be cleaned up . During Jackson 's confirmation hearing in January , Montana Sen. Max Baucus said the valley 's 12,000 residents had been "  hung out to dry " and pressed Jackson to review the issue . Wednesday , Baucus presented Jackson and Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius with a photo of one of his constituents , former miner Les Skramstad . "  He died , and others in Libby have died , " said Baucus , a Democrat . "  But the decision is the beginning of what needed to be done . It 's the first time in American history that we 've had this declaration , and I can not think of a more fitting time and place for it than Libby , Montana . " Baucus is the former chairman of the Senate Environment and Public Works Committee and now leads the Finance Committee . He is a key architect of a still-being-drafted health care bill the Obama administration has said it wants to see pass this year . The Libby operation began producing vermiculite -- a mineral often used in insulation -- in 1919 . Dust from the plant covered patches of grass , dusted the tops of cars and drifted through the air in a hazy smoke that became a part of residents ' daily lives . But the product was contaminated with tremolite asbestos , a particularly toxic substance that has been linked to mesothelioma , a cancer that can attack the lining of the lungs , abdomen , or heart . In May , a federal jury acquitted mine operator W.R. Grace and three of its former executives of criminal charges related to the contamination . Grace operated the facility from 1963 until it closed in 1990 , and prosecutors argued that its executives knowingly released the substance and tried to hide the danger from the community . Baucus said that despite the verdict , he still believes the company "  knew it was contaminating the town . " "  Regrettably , the trial did not conclude the way I thought that it should , " he said . There was no immediate response from the company to the senator 's remarks . During the three-month trial , Grace did not deny that the asbestos came from its mine , but it said it acted responsibly to clean up the contamination . It also paid millions in medical bills for area residents , and agreed in 2008 to pay $ 250 million to reimburse the EPA for its cleanup efforts .	Environmental Protection Agency declares health emergency in Libby , Montana Asbestos contamination in the town blamed for 200 deaths , officials say Move will offer more aid to town ; cleanup been going on for 10 years Mine operator has been acquitted of criminal charges ; has paid millions for cleanup
Washington  CNN  -- A former Navy officer who has crossed paths with a Malaysian businessman at the center of the U.S. Navy bribery scandal says he can understand how those implicated were seduced by Leonard "  Fat Leonard " Francis . "  He 's a larger-than-life individual . He 's charming . He 's very social , " said retired Navy Capt. Kevin Eyer , who was commanding officer of a ship that frequented the same ports where Francis operated and attended some of his parties . "  Whereas I might be at this party and drinking a Budweiser , Leonard is having Dom Perignon . " Francis , whose nickname around the Navy comes from his 400-pound heft , operates Singapore-based Glenn Defense Marine Asia Ltd. , which provides services to Navy ships such as fuel and tugboats to nudge ships into port . Three Navy officials have been arrested and are accused of accepting cash , hookers and all-expense paid trips in exchange for steering ships to ports where Francis ' company operates . Third Navy official arrested in bribery case Two admirals in charge of Navy intelligence -- Vice Adm. Ted Branch and Rear Adm. Bruce Loveless -- have had their access to classified material suspended . Neither Branch nor Loveless has been charged but CNN is told that allegations have been made about their "  personal conduct . " Cmdr. Michael Vannak Khem Misiewicz and Naval Criminal Investigative Service Supervisory Special Agent John Bertrand Beliveau II were arrested in probes involving Francis ' company in September . Cmdr. Jose Luis Sanchez , 41 , was arrested last week in Florida . Francis , Sanchez , Misiewicz and Beliveau are charged with conspiring to commit bribery and could face up to five years in prison if convicted . All have pleaded not guilty . Intelligence chiefs suspended Neither Branch nor Loveless , who are on temporary leave , has been charged with any crime or violation and both retain their ranks and security clearances , said Rear Adm. John Kirby , chief of Navy information . They are on temporary leave . Their suspension was deemed prudent given the sensitive nature of the admirals ' current duties and to protect the integrity of the investigative process , Kirby said . The allegations against Branch and Loveless involve conduct before their current assignments and flag officer ranks , Kirby said . The Naval Criminal Investigative Service initiated the investigation in 2010 . Federal prosecutors allege Sanchez , as deputy logistics officer in the U.S. 7th Fleet and later as the Fleet Logistics Command 's operations director , directed Navy business and sensitive information to Francis ' company . In return , Francis allegedly gave Sanchez more than $ 100,000 , travel expenses and prostitutes during a period covering January 2009 to April 2013 . Court documents say Sanchez allegedly asked Francis for pictures of prostitutes for "  motivation . " A few days later , Sanchez sent a Facebook message to Francis saying , "  Yummy ... Daddy like . " Prosecutors say Misiewicz , 46 , as deputy operations officer of the U.S. 7th Fleet , helped schedule visits of U.S. Navy ships to ports where Francis ' company worked and Francis allegedly overbilled the government for its work . In return , Francis provided Misiewicz with paid travel , luxury hotel stays , tickets to "  The Lion King " in Tokyo and a Lady Gaga concert in Thailand and prostitutes , the U.S. attorney 's office said . ` We got him !! ' The government says Francis and Misiewicz became close friends over private e-mail , calling each other "  Big Bro " and "  Little Bro . " Prosecutors say that after Misiewicz received some gifts , a Francis associate declared , "  We got him !! " A separate complaint alleges Beliveau , 44 , provided Francis with information about an NCIS fraud investigation into his company 's dealings with the Navy . "  In exchange , Francis provided Beliveau with , among other things , paid travel , luxury hotel stays and prostitution services , " the U.S. attorney 's office said . No evidence was found that Beliveau paid for his hotel or travel , or that he reimbursed Francis for the trip . Francis also arranged for a female escort to entertain Beliveau while there , according to the complaint . In return , Francis allegedly saved 125 NCIS investigative reports to his government computer . The affidavit states the reports were in connection with the investigation into Francis ' company . By all accounts , Francis lived life large -- from fast cars to women to travel . "  I think it would be fair to say that they were seduced by Mr. Francis , " Eyer said . "  You can kind of see how if you fell into the mode of socializing with him , it would be possible to get swept up in that . That 's why so many military officers are little bit wary about him . " CNN 's Barbara Starr and Kyung Lah contributed to this report	Three Navy officers charged with taking bribes from Malaysian businessman Two high-ranking Navy intelligence officers have been suspended in wake of scandal Former Navy captain who crossed paths with businessman says he thinks officers were ` seduced ' Government : Officer developed friendship with businessman , called each other ` Big Bro ' and ` Little Bro '
Atlanta  CNN  -- International travelers , rejoice ! The world 's busiest airport is debuting a billion-dollar solution to the much-griped-about entry procedure for Atlanta-bound passengers . The screening hoops international travelers have long faced to escape the confines of Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport have led veteran traveler Nancy Megehee to avoid bringing anything more than a carry-on along on long-haul trips . Arriving back in Atlanta was just too much trouble . "  If you 're going to walk the concourse , you have to clear your luggage to walk through . Typically , what I 'm doing is carry-on , but I still have to go pick my bag up and have my bag re-examined by the TSA , " Megehee said . That was one of the annoying quirks of an airport that handled nearly 10 million international passengers last year . Before May 16 , even international travelers whose final destination was Atlanta had to pass through Transportation Security Administration checkpoints and recheck checked bags after clearing U.S. Customs and Border Protection to leave the airport . That 's because there was no way to exit the international security zone to the outside world without crossing through the secure domestic terminal . All that duty-free fine wine had to get stuffed back into a traveler 's luggage to avoid violating the TSA 's 3-ounce rule . Then add a trip to the baggage claim to pick up checked bags before exiting . With Wednesday 's opening of the Maynard H. Jackson International Terminal , six years later than planned and at a higher-than-expected cost of $ 1.4 billion , there will be much beyond the new ease of exiting to admire and celebrate : the natural light-filled structure , lovely views of airplanes taking off to foreign lands and taxiing to the new terminal gates , new retail and restaurant choices , art installations , a swanky new Delta Sky Club and technology charging areas that recognize the ubiquitous use of smartphones , laptops and other electronic devices . The logistics of getting to and from the terminal might present the biggest challenge . The new terminal is accessed via a different highway than the rest of the airport , and the city 's rail service connects to the original terminal but not to the new international gateway . Shuttle buses will run around the clock to connect the old and new facilities . While we wait for international travelers to test Atlanta 's newest terminal , we asked noted architects , airport operations executives and other travel industry experts to share what they look for in a world-class airport 's design and features . An airport must nail down the basics : security , federal processing , technology , retail and restrooms , said Bill Fife , an airport consultant who has worked in positions with the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey , including a role as deputy general manager of John F. Kennedy International Airport . Make security obvious and easy Whether travelers are taking off from a home airport or landing in a foreign land for the first time without speaking the language , travelers want airports to make the process clear . Do they have time to get snacks before security , or will the security lines be too long and stressful ? If they 're landing for the first time in a foreign country and do n't speak the language , do they know where to get their bags , clear customs and get to their hotel ? "  People want to know where they 're at , every step of the way , " says Jason Clampet , senior online editor at Frommers.com . After Clampet flew into the Copenhagen Airport last fall , he noticed a big clock above security that showed how many minutes it would take to get people through the process . "  It said one minute , and I did n't believe them , but I was through security in 52 seconds , " Clampet said . "  Whatever they said it was going to be , it was good to know . " When airport architect Mark Leininger landed at Incheon International Airport in Seoul , South Korea , and went through security , he watched a video showing the procedure of showing one 's passport to security , getting a picture taken and other details of the process . "  You want to make security seem like it 's effective and people understand what they 're doing , not just being treated like rats in rat maze , " said Leininger , associate director of the architecture firm of Skidmore , Owings and Merrill , who has worked on Boston Logan International Airport and the current redesign for Delta 's terminal at John F. Kennedy International Airport in New York . Reducing the stress of flying Cramped security spaces , lack of light and too much noise can contribute to an already-stressful flying experience , where travelers often have to remove much of their clothing in public before being allowed to head to their respective gates . "  You 're often in an absolutely lightless space with low ceilings , and usually the occupancy rates are in excess of what the building 's mechanical systems would allow , " said architect Simon Smithson , who worked on Madrid Barajas Airport 's Terminal 4 project . The use of natural light , enormous windows to show people where they 're heading  to the plane or to customs  and acoustics to dampen the sound of thousands of travelers and workers can contribute to a nicer flying experience , said Smithson , project architect on the Madrid airport and a partner at the architecture firm of Rogers Stirk Harbour + Partners in London . "  We designed a nice , generous space with some sort of natural light so people would see how the process is working , " Smithson said . "  We also used light to let people inside the building know the time of day outside . " That helps fliers landing in a different time zone to reorient their body clocks . Get me something to eat Many travelers heading to foreign ports are too squeezed for time to pack their own snacks , and some want more than the usual fast food options that will just sit in their stomachs on a 10-hour flight . Careful placement of restaurants with seating and to-go options along the walk to a traveler 's gate can minimize the stress that hunger will cause . Some winners : Fife applauds the design at the JetBlue terminal at Kennedy Airport , noting that customers can pick from many options and pay at the same registers . Frequent traveler Charles Kunz loves the local restaurant options at the San Francisco airport 's international terminal . Let me use my technology With the proliferation of smartphones , laptops and iPads for work and pleasure , customers are using technology to check into their flights , check on gate locations and flight delays , and play or work while waiting for their flights . That puts more pressure on airports to supply outlets for people to keep charging their devices . "  It 's clear that connectivity is just a huge issue , " said Chris Oswald , Airport Council International-North America 's vice president of operations . "  If you have to go plug into an outlet outside the bathroom down the hall , that 's not the level of service you want . " Some airports have added outlet trees placed in seating areas , while others have added power strips in the seats themselves , he said . "  It 's absolutely something you have to have . " Connect to public transportation Many frequent international travelers appreciate airports that are easily accessed by public transportation . Architect Anthony Mosellie loves flying out of Hong Kong International Airport . Mosellie , a principal at Kohn Pedersen Fox Associates and head of its airport practice , simply boards a train in central Hong Kong that takes him directly to the airport . "  The train doors open , and I walk 10 or 15 yards , and I 'm right in the airport terminal . " Clampet has a similar experience landing in Vancouver . "  The train just zips right downtown , " he said . "  You know you 're being taken care of all the way as opposed to being on the edge of town and taking a taxi and not knowing if you 're being ripped off . " A change in attitude Kunz , who runs an independent car rental company in Durham , North Carolina , wants U.S Customs and Border Protection to make people coming home or visiting the United States feel welcome . He echoed the complaints of many U.S. travelers : They say they often feel presumed guilty upon arrival back home in the United States . It 's an attitude they say they do n't get when arriving in other airports around the world . "  You know you have nothing in your bags , and yet you feel guilty , " said Kunz , who took part in a recent simulation to test the systems at Atlanta 's new terminal . "  I know they see a million people a day , but I only see one  of them  that day . It 's fun to come back home . If they could just say ` welcome back , ' that would help add a human touch . " And it 's not just about manners . International tourist arrivals to the United States are projected to grow 36 % between 2010 and 2020 , according to the U.S. Travel Association , and those visits contribute to the U.S. economy . The association advocates fully staffing customs desks to match international arrival schedules and expanding the U.S. Customs and Border Protection 's Global Entry Trusted Traveler Network to include more trusted international travelers .  Currently , U.S. residents and citizens of a few test countries are eligible to apply for membership . "  People are coming here and spending thousands of dollars and leaving with a better impression of the United States than when they came in , " said Cathy Keefe , USTA spokeswoman . "  How are they treated when they arrive in the United States ? " she asked . "  It 's their first impression when they come into the United States . We can have a standard welcome message and still maintain security . " Which international airports have you flown through ? What do you like or dislike about them ? Tell us in the comments section below .	New international terminal opens Wednesday in Atlanta The facility will eliminate the need for arriving travelers to recheck bags Architects and industry experts share their top priorities for successful operations
CNN  -- Does the end of the world start with a snowstorm ? Probably not , but a blizzard in the upper Midwest is proving potent enough to cut power to tens of thousands of homes and force schools to call it quits from Nebraska to southern Wisconsin Thursday -- one day ahead of the official arrival of winter and , as it happens , the predicted Mayan apocalypse . Blinding snow also is blamed for a 30-car pileup on Interstate 35 near Fort Dodge , Iowa , in which two people died , including a 43-year-old Arkansas woman , Sgt. Scott Bright of the Iowa State Patrol said Wednesday . As much as another foot of wet , heavy snow is expected in places , accompanied by winds gusting to 50 mph and blowing snow that could reduce visibility to just about zero , forecasters warn . In Omaha , Nebraska , utility crews struggled overnight -- sometimes in near whiteout conditions -- to restore power to 38,500 customers left in the dark by the storm , according to the Omaha Public Power District . The utility urged customers to brace for slow going . "  Assessment crews and repair crews are out in force and will be as long as it takes to get through storm and all is cleaned up , " said Omaha Public Power District spokeswoman Paula Lukowski . In neighboring Iowa , more than 30,000 customers were without power , most of them in the Des Moines area , according to MidAmerican Energy . The storm -- the first blizzard of the season -- made travel treacherous throughout the region . Nebraska authorities closed much of snow-packed Interstate 80 through the state Thursday morning as blowing snow dangerously reduced visibility . I-80 also was closed around Des Moines , Iowa , Bright said . "  When the winds start to blow you can see about 5 feet in front of your vehicle " he said . "  We 've had major issues all over the place . We got around 10 to 12 inches throughout the state and it 's a wet snow . We have around an inch of ice on our roadways . " He warned that even though conditions might not seem so bad around people 's homes , they should not take that as a signal that the storm is over . "  It seems people are seeing the sun and venturing out , but it 's not going to get hot enough to melt the ice from the roadways , " he said . Department of Transportation workers are "  out and they 're plowing the roadways , but we 're having 50 mph wind gusts that just blows the snow right back . " Close to 100 accidents had been reported in Iowa by late Thursday morning , Bright said , "  and we have a lot of jackknifed semis , which shut the roadway down . " Thick snow also blanketed the roads and swirled in the frigid air as CNN iReporter Kevin Cavallin drove through Ames , Iowa , late Wednesday night . Occasional flashes of lightning illuminated the snow-covered scene , punctuated by windy gusts of up to 40 miles per hour , as Iowa shivered under its first significant snowfall of the year . Fellow CNN iReporter Clarence Smith in Des Moines said it was the most snow he 'd seen since 2009 -- and he warns its wet , heavy consistency was going to add to the challenges for motorists . "  I was just cleaning off my car and it is so wet , it is like plaster . It does n't come off easily , " he said . "  At one point I was hitting it with a snow scraper , you can say chiseling , basically . " And while many Iowans may be cursing the weather Thursday as they slip and slide around , Smith points out that the state has enjoyed a record period without snow . CNN iReporter Ron Packer 's morning drive to work , usually 25 minutes , was doubled by the slower traffic in Kansas City , Missouri , he said . "  Most of the preparation for this weather is mental , " Packer said . "  Many people ` forget ' how to drive in winter weather when the first snow comes around . As a native Californian , I had to go through that learning curve ! " Kathleen Barrett , a CNN iReporter driving from Colorado to Wyoming Wednesday , called road conditions "  horrible . " "  I could not see in front of me , " Barrett said . Dirt and rocks put on the highway to keep vehicles from sliding cracked her windshield as she crept along at 10 mph , she said . For CNN iReporter David Bell and three of his friends , the conditions were just too bad to continue driving home to Lincoln , Nebraska . They holed up in a hotel overnight on their way back from a ski trip in Colorado after seeing several accidents on the interstate and highways . "  We knew the roads were icy , so we were driving slow , " he said . "  We could see about 100 yards , sometimes less . When the winds would gust the visibility would drop to 50 feet . There was a lot of snow , and we were driving east and the wind was blowing from the north , and it did n't help at all . " In Wisconsin , Gov. Scott Walker declared a state of emergency , put the National Guard and state patrol on standby and closed state offices to the public in 20 counties most likely to be affected by the storm . Employees were still expected to report for work . As much as 7 inches was already on the ground Thursday morning in parts of southern Wisconsin , with as much as another foot on the way during the storm 's predicted Thursday afternoon peak . The Wisconsin State Patrol and National Weather Service urged people to avoid traveling . Blizzard warnings were up Thursday for portions of Nebraska , Missouri , Minnesota , Illinois and Wisconsin and virtually all of Iowa . Winter storm warnings extended further into Missouri , Illinois and Wisconsin , as well as into Michigan and Indiana . Most airports were operating normally , the Federal Aviation Administration reported . One major exception was O'Hare International Airport in Chicago , where incoming flights were running nearly two hours behind because of high winds , the FAA said . Airlines canceled more than 200 flights at O'Hare Wednesday . Southwest Airlines has canceled all flights out of Chicago 's Midway starting at 4:30 p.m. Wednesday . Southwest has between 200 and 220 flights there on normal days . The storm is expected to slide over New England by Friday . CNN 's Stefan Simons , Jim Kavanagh , Jareen Imam , Laura Smith-Spark , Carma Hassan and Joe Sutton contributed to this report .	Heavy snow and high winds stretch from Iowa to Wisconsin in the season 's first blizzard A 30-car pileup in Iowa is blamed on blowing snow ; two people are dead Tens of thousands are without power in Nebraska and Iowa The storm is forecast to crawl from the Midwest to New England by Friday
CNN  -- For more than a year , rights groups have criticized Bahrain for its crackdown on anti-government protests . The protests , which began in February 2011 , were spurred by the popular uprisings in Tunisia and Egypt but have failed to gain the traction of the other Arab Spring uprisings . Lamees Dhaif , a journalist and activist , shares her thoughts on what is happening in her home country and its future in this conversation , edited for length and clarity . CNN : What do you think about what happened to Ali Hasan , the 11-year-old boy who was arrested in May for participating in an "  illegal gathering " and released months later from jail ? Dhaif : I think what happened to Ali Hasan is very tragic . Keeping a minor behind bars for a month is unexplainable . No judiciary system in the world keeps infants jailed for this long without a trial . ... I think that children are being detained frequently now in order to silence protesters . The regime wants to warn protesters that it can do whatever it wants to anyone regardless of his/her age or type of activity the person performs at the time of arrest . ... Ali is not the first minor nor the last . There are still others in jail . CNN : How is this story illustrative of what is happening in Bahrain ? Where do you see the situation in Bahrain going ? Dhaif : The situation in Bahrain is unpredictable and chaotic just like all the arbitrary arrests and fabricated charges . The judiciary system is not independent . The charges are a reflection of what the regime wants to take place on the ground . The charges are politically biased , and in most cases , no solid evidence is present . ... The situation is becoming more and more complicated especially now that activists and human rights defenders who were not arrested earlier are targeted now by the regime . An example is Nabeel Rajab , who is detained for bogus charges . The regime is escalating its revenge from its people amidst the silence of the international community . CNN : Considering the world 's attention on Syria and Egypt as well as other Arab nations that have experienced uprisings , do you think that the world has forgotten about Bahrain ? Dhaif : Bahrain is forgotten now , and it was forgotten when the Arab Spring started , because what is happening in Bahrain is not the result of the regime 's rule only . It is the result of the joint collaboration , interests and political unity of more than one country . Bahrain 's allies  Great Britain and the United States  do not want to interfere in what is taking place because Bahrain has been a good ally for them in the region . The Gulf Cooperation Council countries  which besides Bahrain include Kuwait , Oman , Qatar , Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates  also can not allow Bahrain to have more democracy and freedom because it will pressure other countries to do the same , and they do not want that . So , basically Bahrain has not been forgotten ... but , in fact , it had been deliberately wiped out from the media coverage for political reasons . CNN : What is next for Bahrain ? What steps can be taken to reach a resolution ? Dhaif : The resolution can not take place unless it comes from the allied countries . The international community can place an embargo on Bahrain to force it to become more democratic and undergo reforms . Bahrain 's economy can not stand on its own . It is highly dependent on imports . If it is threatened in this way , it can not go on . Therefore , the international community has to hold its arms sales at least to Bahrain since that is what the regime uses to kill its people . A resolution will take place if the allies agree to give the regime in Bahrain the right to undergo reforms .	Bahrain has been criticized by its crackdown on protesters The protests were inspired by other Arab Spring uprisings One Bahrain activist says the protests have been forgotten by the world
Jerusalem  CNN  -- An international human rights organization on Sunday faulted Israel 's investigation into alleged war crimes last year in Gaza . Israel has not demonstrated that it will conduct thorough and objective investigations , Human Rights Watch said in a statement . "  An independent investigation is crucial to understand why so many civilians died and to bring justice for the victims of unlawful attacks , " said Joe Stork , deputy Middle East director for the New York-based organization . In September , the United Nations Human Rights Council released a report by noted South African jurist Richard Goldstone . The report concluded that both sides committed war crimes during the conflict , which killed about 1,400 Palestinians and 13 Israelis . But U.N. chief Ban Ki-moon said last week that the world body has not made a determination on whether both sides have done enough to investigate allegations they committed war crimes during the three-week conflict , which began at the end of December 2008 . In a report , Ban outlines steps Israelis and Palestinians have taken to fulfill a U.N. demand for credible and transparent inquiries into civilian casualties . However , he concludes , "  As such , no determination can be made on the implementation of the resolution by the parties concerned . " Israel handed Ban a response outlining the steps the nation has taken to investigate charges of wrongdoing by its military during the course of the offensive in Gaza , which was aimed at stopping militant rocket fire into Israel . The Israeli military has "  launched investigations into 150 separate incidents , including 36 criminal investigations opened thus far , " according to the report . For its part , the Palestinian Authority said it had created a commission to look into various charges of abuses , but made clear that it did not view the potential wrongdoing on the Palestinian side as seriously as that allegedly committed by the Israeli military . "  There is absolutely no symmetry or proportionality between the occupying power and the occupied people " wrote Riyad Mansour , Palestinian ambassador to the United Nations . In Gaza , the ruling Hamas movement released a summary of the steps taken to investigate wrongdoing , saying it had prevented militants from targeting civilians . But the rights organization dismissed the conclusion as "  factually wrong . " Human Rights Watch said it is still reviewing a full Hamas report . "  Hamas can spin the story and deny the evidence , but hundreds of rockets rained down on civilian areas in Israel where no military installations were located , " Stork said . "  Hamas leaders at the time indicated they were intending to harm civilians . " CNN 's Kevin Flower contributed to this report .	Human Rights Watch says Israel has not shown it will conduct objective probe Group also faults Hamas report on Gaza conflict , which it is still reviewing Both sides are reporting on alleged war crimes during Gaza conflict a year ago About 1,400 Palestinians and 13 Israelis were killed during the Israeli incursion
CNN  -- The U.S. Coast Guard and the Jamaica Defence Force suspended their searches Sunday for signs of a prominent New York couple whose plane crashed in the Caribbean Sea north of Jamaica . "  The Coast Guard suspends a search and rescue case with extremely great care and deliberation , " Capt. Todd M. Coggeshall , chief of response management for the Coast Guard , said in a news release . "  After a search area is saturated several times with a maximum number of assets , resources and crew effort , and persons in distress are still not located , a decision is made to suspend a case . " Jamaica suspended its search because of bad weather , said Capt. Basil Jarett of the Jamaica Defence Force . The Coast Guard said a C-130 aircraft located several small objects in the water . The crew used smoke flares and two data marker buoys to mark the location for Coast Guard and Jamaican Defense Force boat crews , the Coast Guard said , but none of the searchers could relocate the objects on Saturday . Jamaica had said one of its military search team spotted the objects . The single-engine TBM-900 aircraft , owned by estate developer Larry Glazer and his wife , Jane , crashed into the Caribbean hours after the pilot told an air traffic controller that something was wrong as it flew south over the eastern United States . Couple who went down in plane helped reshape a city The plane 's radio was silent for hours after the pilot 's call , prompting U.S. and Cuban military jets to trail the small private plane . The North American Aerospace Defense Command said those aboard might have suffered from hypoxia , which sets in when oxygen is lacking . There were conflicting reports on how many people were on the plane , with the U.S. Coast Guard indicating there were three . But relatives said the couple were the only two people on board and were headed from Rochester , New York , to their vacation home in Naples , Florida . Those aboard were unresponsive for more than four hours , drifting southward over the U.S. mainland , the Atlantic Ocean and eventually into the Caribbean . Plane crash : What happened ? Pilot seen slumped over U.S. fighter jet pilots said when they looked into the aircraft , they saw the pilot slumped over and the windows frosted . The plane 's radio communication ended about 10 a.m. ET Friday , the Federal Aviation Administration said . At that time , it was above Statesville , North Carolina , about 600 miles south of the Rochester airport , which it left around 8:45 a.m. . The pilot asked to descend to 18,000 feet because "  we have an indication that is not correct in the plane , " according to a stream of that transmission posted on LiveATC.net , which provides live air traffic control broadcasts . The air traffic controller told the pilot to "  stand by " and proceed to 25,000 feet as he worked on clearing the plane to go lower . The conversation continued off and on for more than four minutes , though it was largely one-sided : The pilot was n't clear in his remarks and did n't declare any sort of emergency . At one point , he simply repeated his call sign twice when the controller asked if he heard the request to drop down to 20,000 feet . Data indicate the plane did n't descend . It cruised for hours about 25,000 feet above the ground . The private plane dropped off radar at 2:11 p.m. , according to the flight tracking site FlightAware.com . Estimates suggested the fuel would have run out at 2:15 p.m. . It crashed 14 miles off Jamaica 's northeast coast . Fate of couple unknown Jamaica and the United States swiftly dispatched government aircraft to the scene . Jamaican authorities said they found an oil slick in the prime search area . The Coast Guard said search crews completed 12 search patterns covering about 3,750 square miles over 70 hours . As they searched , the Glazer family in Rochester mourned . The couple have three children . The children said in a statement they were "  devastated by the tragic and sudden loss of our parents . " They said they are waiting for answers . Larry Glazer co-founded Buckingham Properties in 1970 after graduating from Columbia University . The company owns and manages more than 50 properties in the greater Rochester area , according to his official bio . The TBM-900 plane was owned by the company . Jane Glazer founded QCI Direct , a 100-employee company that has an outlet store , according to its website . Both Glazers knew how to fly . U.S. , Cuban fighter jets trail aircraft The government stepped in when the plane lost communications with air traffic control . NORAD dispatched two F-16 fighter jets from a base in Richland County , South Carolina . Another pair of fighter jets from Homestead , Florida , took over around 11:30 a.m. and escorted the plane past the U.S. mainland . The American fighter jets broke off their pursuit 12 miles off Cuba , at which point a Cuban fighter jet took over . Despite the longstanding tensions between the two countries , Cuba cooperated with the United States and did not consider the plane 's movement a violation of its airspace . Cuba let the U.S. Coast Guard aircraft go through its airspace and gave permission for American "  military aircraft , if necessary , " according to an official statement . CNN 's Claudia Dominguez , Chelsea J. Carter , Aaron Cooper , John Newsome , Margot Haddad , Mike M. Ahlers , Patrick Oppmann , Ray Sanchez , Rande Iaboni and Deanna Hackney contributed to this report .	NEW : U.S. Coast Guard and Jamaica suspend search on Sunday The radio of the single-engine aircraft went silent Friday morning The United States and Cuba dispatched fighter jets to trail plane Couple aboard was flying from New York to Florida for vacation
CNN  -- Voters have elected a former guerrilla who became a crusader against political corruption as the new mayor of Colombia 's capital . A military tribunal jailed Gustavo Petro in 1985 for his connections with the M-19 leftist guerrilla group , which was known for high-profile attacks against Colombian authorities -- including a takeover of the nation 's Palace of Justice that year , which left dozens dead , including 11 Supreme Court justices . Petro , 51 , is not the first Latin American leader with a guerrilla warrior background . Voters in Uruguay and El Salvador also have elected politicians who were previously involved in rebel groups . Before winning Bogota 's top job Sunday , Petro , trained as an economist and business administrator , had served as a lawmaker , diplomat and presidential candidate . Speaking to a crowd of cheering supporters Sunday , Petro called his election to Bogota 's top post a sign that voters were "  saying yes to reconciliation . " He vowed to incorporate ideas of other candidates into his administration -- even former Mayor Enrique Penalosa , who he soundly defeated . "  We are going to try to set up some meetings with the candidates to talk about their programs , " he said . In the political sphere , Petro quickly developing a reputation as a persistent critic of corruption . As a senator , he led the charge against lawmakers and members of then-President Alvaro Uribe 's government , accusing them of connections with paramilitary groups . In 2010 , he came in third place when he ran for president in Colombia . He takes office as Bogota 's mayor on January 1 . He has said building homes for the needy and overhauling the education system will be among his top priorities . Journalist Fernando Ramos and CNN 's Patricia Ramos contributed to this report .	Mayor-elect Gustavo Petro was connected with the M-19 guerrilla group He was jailed for two years and later ventured into politics Uruguay and El Salvador also have politicians with histories in rebel groups Petro says voters are "  saying yes to reconciliation "
CNN  -- Roger Federer aims to bounce back from his crushing final defeat in Shanghai as he enters his final four tournaments of 2010 with a long-awaited return to Sweden this week . The 16-time Grand Slam winner moved back to second in the world rankings above Novak Djokovic despite being thrashed in straight sets by Andy Murray on Sunday . He will open his campaign at the Stockholm Open on Thursday against American Taylor Dent in his first appearance at the ATP Tour event since 2010 , having pulled out two years ago with a back injury . The indoor hardcourt tournament is run by the Swiss star 's former on-court rivals Thomas Johansson and Jonas Bjorkman . "  Physically I 'm feeling good , and mentally I have a lot left in me . I do n't feel like it 's the end of the year . I intend to make it fun for myself , " Federer told the ATP Tour website . "  It 's a combination of factors behind a decision like this . I love playing tennis and love playing tournaments , and have n't played here in 10 years . "  I was supposed to have played here two years ago , but had a bad back . I thought it would be fun to come back to Stockholm , and the fact that Thomas and Jonas are in charge makes it extra special . " Federer has won just two titles this year , the Australian Open and the Cincinnati Masters , but told reporters on Tuesday that he is determined to win back his No. 1 ranking from Rafael Nadal -- who has moved well clear at the top after his Wimbledon and U.S. Open victories . Federer will try to reduce the deficit in Stockholm , his home event in Basle , Paris and then London at the ATP Tour World Finals . "  For me there is number one and everything else . It 's not too important for me to be two , three or four , " he said in quotes carried by AFP . "  I 'm always trying to get back to number one , it 's what I 'm concentrating on week by week . " Dent moved into the second round on Tuesday when Poland 's Michael Przysiezny retired with an injury , having lost the first set 6-2 . Spanish sixth seed Feliciano Lopez was upset 6-2 6-2 by Germany 's Florent Mayer , while his eighth-seeded compatriot Tommy Robredo crashed out with a 6-3 6-2 defeat by Croatian qualifier Ivan Dodig . Unseeded German Benjamin Becker beat young Dutchman Thomas Schoorel 6-3 6-0 to set up a second-round clash with second-seeded home hope Robin Soderling , runner-up in 2003 and 2008 . At the Kremlin Cup in Russia , Radek Stepanek was the only seeded men 's player in action on Tuesday and the Czech No. 5 overcame Romania 's Victor Hanescu 7-6  7-5  6-3 . In the women 's event , Chinese third seed Li Na was knocked out by 2006 champion Anna Chakvetadze in her opening match , having been given a wildcard entry . The 23-year-old Russian , who has fallen to 68th in the rankings after a career-high fifth in 2007 , set up a clash with the Ukraine 's Mariya Koryttseva following her 6-4 6-2 victory . Italian fifth seed Flavia Pennetta also crashed out , losing 6-4 2-6 6-2 to Russian Elena Vesnina . Vesnina 's compatriots Maria Kirilenko and Alisa Kleybanova , ranked sixth and seventh respectively , also progressed into round two .	World No. 2 Roger Federer returns to Stockholm a decade after his debut appearance Swiss star has a first-round bye and faces American Taylor Dent in opening match He is hoping to add to his two tournament victories this year as season nears climax Chinese third seed Lin Na loses first-round match at women 's Kremlin Cup event
CNN  -- In Neshoba County , Mississippi , on the night of June 21-22 , 1964 , James Chaney , Andrew Goodman and Michael Schwerner went missing . Their bodies would be discovered in an earthen dam 44 days later as the ultimate payment for their efforts to secure voting rights for all Americans . Yet 50 years later , it 's as if it barely happened . A right-leaning Supreme Court has decimated the Voting Rights Act , the very law inspired by the deaths of those three young men . Their rulings have given the OK to conservative legislatures and governors nostalgic for the Old South to reinstitute roadblocks to voting . What happened to learning from history ? You might remember this case was the basis of the 1988 movie "  Mississippi Burning , " which starred Gene Hackman as a crusading FBI agent bent on getting to the bottom of killings by the Ku Klux Klan , though it 's hardly historically accurate . "  The movie I love to hate , " Steve Schwerner , Michael 's brother , told me from New York last week . "  It makes out the FBI as the hero  yet  the Civil Rights Movement felt that the FBI was the enemy and was working with local law enforcement  who were Klan members  much more than the movement . " Chaney 's sister , Julia Moss-Chaney , also decried the portrayal of a "  hero FBI . " "  Tell me about it , " she said from her home in Willingboro , New Jersey . "  If all of that had been invested , it would n't have taken 44 days " to find the bodies . Or even longer if two of the missing men had not been white . Schwerner and Goodman were white and Jewish from New York . Chaney was a black Mississippian . In a bitter irony of what the three men stood for , it was the notion of white lives being more valuable than black that helped bring their deaths to national attention . "  It 's no secret that had my brother not been with Mickey Schwerner and Andrew Goodman , we would not have known anything of what had happened to him . It 's a painful reality , but it is common knowledge , " Moss-Chaney said . Schwerner agreed . "  We would n't be talking right now if it was only Jim Chaney or if it was three Mississippi black people . There were many people that had been killed in Mississippi beforehand , and with the exception of Medgar Evers never made The New York Times , never made NBC News . Nobody ever mentioned their names . " Michael Schwerner had arrived in Mississippi earlier that spring . Teaming up with Chaney , he immediately raised the ire of the Ku Klux Klan . "  He was targeted from the moment he arrived , " Moss-Chaney said . "  You know the nature of hate : ` Let me first make sure I degrade you to the degree in my mind that you are less than human . ' There 's nothing less than human for a white man to be than a ` n ----- lover . ' Once that 's established , then anything goes . " Goodman joined them on June 20 , 1964 . They were riding in a blue Ford station wagon the next day when a deputy sheriff stopped them . "  It is sad , heartbreakingly sad , that Andy 's first day in Mississippi was the last day of his life , " Moss-Chaney said , her voice going quiet . What were they doing that so outraged the good old boys ? Aside from just being black and white together , their major work was voter registration , at the time barred to black people unless they could answer impossible questions such as how many bubbles are in a bar of soap . An FBI investigation did lead to the federal conviction of seven conspirators in the case . Mississippi did n't get around to prosecuting the case until more than 40 years later , when Klan leader Edgar Ray Killen was convicted and sentenced to three maximum 20-year terms for the murders . The killings fueled passage of the Civil Rights Act in 1964 and the Voting Rights Act the next year . Yet much of that progress was turned back in 2013 when the U.S. Supreme Court gutted crucial provisions of the Voting Rights Act . It followed that in April with a ruling against affirmative action efforts in higher education . Part of the justices ' argument was that federal actions to assure equality at the ballot box have been successful , so they 're not needed anymore . But that 's like saying a car rolls well with wheels , so you can take them off . And proof that it does n't work is that as soon as those enforcement measures were lifted , voter restrictions returned in the form of less-than-logical Voter ID laws . One of those allows prospective voters to present gun registration cards as acceptable proof of eligibility , but not student IDs , Attorney General Eric Holder said in December . Is that any less ridiculous or subjectively discriminatory than asking voters to count bubbles in a bar of soap ? Yes , the arc of the moral universe is long and may bend toward justice , but it also makes a couple of back flips along the way . "  We 've certainly made some progress , " Schwerner said of where the country is now , a half century after the murders . "  On a scale of 1 to 10 , if you started at 1 when Brown vs. Board of Education came down in 1954 , we might be at 4 now . " For that , three men gave their lives .	Robin Washington says 50 years after the murders in Mississippi , history repeats itself Three young men were killed in 1964 while trying to secure voting rights for all Today , the Supreme Court and conservative statehouses are turning back the clock
Princeton , New Jersey  CNN  -- As he stood before the delegates of the 1964 Republican Convention in San Francisco , California , Arizona Sen. Barry Goldwater , the party 's presidential nominee , said , "  I would remind you that extremism in the defense of liberty is no vice . And let me remind you also that moderation in the pursuit of justice is no virtue . " The delegates , who had booed New York Gov. Nelson Rockefeller when he called for the party to respect moderation , were thrilled . Many of Goldwater 's supporters were determined to push their party toward the right wing of the political spectrum . They felt that their party leaders , including President Eisenhower , had simply offered a watered-down version of the New Deal . Yet Goldwater soon learned that extremism could quickly become a political vice , particularly to a party seeking to regain control of the White House . The right wing of the Republican Party in the early 1960s inhabited a world that included extremist organizations , such as the John Birch Society , that railed against communism . The Birchers developed a huge network of local activists , reaching more than 100,000 members . They published pamphlets and books and threw their support behind local candidates . Some mainstream conservative outlets depended on supporters who were in these groups . Many right-wing organizations in the South were opponents of civil rights and advocates of racial segregation . During the fall campaign of 1964 , President Johnson devastated Goldwater and his running mate , William Miller , by painting them as an extremist duo with close ties to military hawks and racist demagogues . Since Miller , a New York congressman , was known for his close ties to the right , Democrats could charge that Republicans had not balanced their ticket . The "  Daisy " advertisement had Americans look into the eyeball of a young girl as it reflected the image of a nuclear explosion . Another advertisement showed images of the Ku Klux Klan decked out in their garb and carrying burning crosses . The ads played on statements by the candidates and extremist organizations . The narrator of the KKK ad reminded viewers that Robert Creel , grand dragon of the Alabama KKK , had said : "  I like Barry Goldwater . He needs our help . " Democrats certainly had their extremists as well in the 1960s , as all the discussions about Bill Ayers and the Weathermen in the 2008 campaign reminded us . Yet in the 1960s , the Democratic leadership was removed from these elements of the liberal spectrum . Indeed , radical left-wing activists were primarily revolting against what they saw as the bankrupt leadership of the Democratic Party . They hated Lyndon Johnson even more than they hated Richard Nixon . Always nervous about being tagged by Republicans in a conservative era as too close to socialism , Democrats in Congress and in the White House since the 1960s have tended to distance themselves from fringe elements of the left . Now Republicans are facing the danger of being associated with extremism once again . Last week , following the vote on health care , members of Congress have were the targets of death threats and vandalism . In the final hours of the health care debate , there were reports about how health care opponents uttered racial slurs at Georgia Democratic Rep. John Lewis , a hero of the civil rights movement , and sexual epithets against Rep. Barney Frank , who is openly gay . Sarah Palin sent out a statement on Twitter that urged followers , "  Do n't Retreat , Instead-Reload ! " Palin explained later that her use of those words was not about "  inciting violence , " but rather about inspiring people to get involved in the political process . Some ugly elements of the Tea Party movement , which have been held in check since the original Washington protest in September , have returned to the political debate . In the short-term , the Tea Party movement has helped to revitalize the Republican Party . Without question , the kind of energy that has been fostered by the activists associated with these groups has helped Republicans mobilize their supporters and can clearly be helpful at bringing out the vote in the midterm elections . By generating interest in the libertarian and anti-government arguments of conservatism , the movement will help keep conservatives motivated after their loss on health care . It is fair to say that many Americans who support this cause are simply expressing legitimate and deeply held antipathies toward Washington . But extremism is there , and it has flared in the past few weeks . This kind of rhetoric will not produce long-term gains for the Republican Party . Realizing the threat , Republican leaders have begun to disassociate themselves from these elements of the movement . There have been a few voices of condemnation , such as House Minority Leader John Boehner who said "  violence and threats are unacceptable . " Local Tea Party organizers have also stepped forward with words of condemnation . Leaders from the Florida Tea Party said in a letter to President Obama that they stood in "  stark opposition to any person using derogatory characterizations , threats of violence , or disparaging terms toward members of Congress or the president . " These statements are encouraging and strike the right note . Yet Republicans need to follow through by continuing to exert pressure on local organizational leaders to stamp out this kind of activity . They must also avoid contradictory messages , such as the statement of House Minority Whip Eric Cantor , who accused Democrats of "  fanning the flames " by using the incidents as a "  political weapon . " Cantor had a bullet fired at his campaign office after receiving anti-Semitic threats , but local police described the bullet as random gunfire not directed at his office . The leadership statements must be unambiguous and firm , leaving no question in voters ' minds that this is not what conservatism is about . When Ronald Reagan ran for the presidency in 1980 , he worked hard to weaken the connections that existed between Republicans and the fringes . He learned the lessons of 1964 and sought to remake a Republican Party that could appeal to mainstream America . Reagan realized that if he did not , the perception of extremism would pose a long-term threat to the party 's future . Now Republicans are facing the Goldwater threat once again . At the same time that conservatives have every right to oppose and challenge President Obama 's agenda , they must make clear that there are limits and that the kinds of actions that we have seen in recent days are not something that either party will be willing to tolerate in the year ahead . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Julian Zelizer .	In 1964 , Barry Goldwater said : "  Extremism in the defense of liberty is no vice . " Party 's association with extremists hurt the GOP in that election , Julian Zelizer says He says extreme reactions to passage of health care bill pose danger for Republicans Zelizer says Democrats have extreme fringe but have taken pains to dissociate from far left
One of the world 's most successful innovators and philanthropists defended the U.S. response to the deadly Ebola epidemic Monday , saying he does n't think the government waited too long to act . Bill Gates , speaking at a discussion hosted by the website Politico , said he was thrilled when President Barack Obama decided to invest resources in containing the virus as it threatened to spread from West Africa into other regions and continents . "  Was there some other government who took decisive action before we did ? Was the data really clear ? " Gates asked during the discussion . "  Is there someone else who 's research is going to give us the vaccine that will be the key to making sure this outbreak does n't happen again ? The U.S. is the leader on being able to move into areas like this and help out . " The Microsoft billionaire , listed as the richest American by Forbes magazine , is co-chair along with his wife of the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation . The two have tasked the foundation with battling the spread of polio and malaria as well as Ebola . Gates did acknowledge that it took time for countries and leaders to realize the seriousness of this particular outbreak . However , he sounded confident that the situation will be handled effectively . "  Ebola is n't going to get to the level of something like malaria or an HIV , because I do think we 're stepping up and will respond , " Gates said . Gates praised U.S. ability to handle the logistics of such a large emergency operation -- by moving resources and medical workers in and out of the region quickly and efficiently . "  The U.S. , as usual on world problems , is stepping up in terms of the science , the understanding and the U.S. military 's logistic ability to get supplies in and build hospitals that are critical , " Gates said . The discussion , held in Washington just a block away from the White House with a sweeping view of the National Mall , also turned to political gridlock in Congress . Gates said the gridlock was concerning as it led to a Congress that failed to tackle immigration reform and allowed investment in energy and medical research to tail off . However , he also underscored that the United States has historically found bipartisan consensus on global health issues . Gates argues that the simple principle of treating all lives as equal , no matter where people live , is essential . "  Of all the dollars spent by the U.S. government , the most impactful are these global health dollars . More lives have been saved and improved per dollar by a huge amount . " Even as Gates remains optimistic about the U.S. government and its ability to help people , you wo n't see him donating millions to a political candidate any time soon . When it comes to changing the world , Gates explained , he tends to stay away from politics . "  I do n't think my backing , putting a lot of money into political contributions , is a way I 'm going to try and improve the world , " Gates said . "  I just do n't chose to pour money into that type of vehicle . " However , that 's not say he does n't appreciate strong leadership . Gates said one of the leaders he admires most in the world is the late Nelson Mandela . "  Mandela told people something they did n't expect to hear from him , which was that revenge and evening the score of how they 'd been treated was not in their interest , " Gates said . "  The country had to move forward , had to embrace everyone who lived there , the economy had to lift everyone up . " Gates also commented on the culture of innovation in the U.S. and Silicon Valley in particular . He said that even as tech companies focus on seemingly superficial problems such as hailing a taxi or counting calories , the digital revolution created tools that transformed philanthropy and nonprofit work around the world . "  We are getting more and more people participating , and the very tools of the digital revolution , the ability to share things on the Internet and share large amounts of data , those tools are absolutely phenomenal , " Gates said . "  When you have this glum mood that people are in , they do n't see that innovation is actually moving faster today than ever before . "	Bill Gates : I was thrilled when President Obama invested resources in containing Ebola "  Ebola is n't going to get to the level of something like malaria or an HIV , " he predicts Gates says U.S. has the ability to handle the logistics of a large emergency operation Digital revolution has transformed nonprofit work , he tells D.C. gathering
CNN  -- One can hardly read the news these days without learning that yet another American corporation has announced plans to invert , which is corporate-speak for restructuring as a foreign company to avoid U.S. taxes . It 's a trend that has increased exponentially over the past decade with barely a peep from Congress . Now that corporate giants such as Pfizer , Walgreen , Medtronic and Mylan have made bids to invert by merging with foreign companies and will be eligible to claim their headquarters are offshore to avoid U.S. taxes , Congress may finally act . These large corporations have publicly asserted they are moving their headquarters , but they really wo n't change the way they do business . Medtronic , for example , is buying an Ireland-based company . If the merger goes through , the company has said it will maintain "  operational headquarters " in Minneapolis , where the company is currently based . In other words , not much will change except the company will claim to be foreign .  Medtronic officials say the move is not about avoiding taxes and that the firm will still face substantial taxes ; the firm does have the right to cancel the deal if Congress changes the law in a way that removes the tax benefits of inversion .  Walgreen , the nation 's largest drug retailer , has said it is considering moving its headquarters to Switzerland . Inversions are just another ploy that corporations use to reduce or eliminate their U.S. tax bills . According to the Congressional Research Service , legislation to limit corporate inversions could provide an additional $ 19.5 billion in revenue over 10 years . Even among corporations that are n't pursing inversions , shifting profits offshore to avoid U.S. taxes is a huge problem . For example , American corporations reported to the IRS that subsidiaries in Bermuda and the Cayman Islands collectively earned profits equal to 16 times the gross domestic product of those countries , according to recent data . It 's clearly impossible for companies to earn profits in a country that are exponentially larger than that country 's entire economy , further proving companies are using accounting gimmicks to avoid U.S. taxes . American corporations engage in these tricks because they can defer paying U.S. taxes on alleged offshore earnings until they officially bring those profits to the United States , which may never happen . Corporations get a permanent break when they invert because the United States will not tax profits earned outside its borders . Corporate inversions are often followed by earnings stripping , a maneuver that artificially shifts profits into lower-tax or zero-tax countries . A recent expos  explains how the highly profitable manufacturer Ingersoll Rand suddenly began reporting U.S. losses or very small profits each year after inverting to become a Bermuda corporation in 2001 . This did not reflect any actual loss of U.S. customers or business . Rather , the corporation accomplished this by loaning $ 3 billion to its U.S. subsidiary , which then deducted the interest payments on the debt to effectively wipe out its U.S. income for tax purposes . Defenders of corporate inversions often argue the United States ' 35 % statutory corporate tax rate is too high compared to that of other nations and therefore puts companies at a competitive disadvantage , but most U.S. companies pay nowhere near that rate . Defenders also claim profits earned in the United States will always be taxed here . But the earnings stripping practiced by Ingersoll Rand and other inverted companies suggests this is not true . The ultimate goal of much multinational tax planning is making profits appear to be earned in countries with a zero or low tax rate . Reducing the nation 's corporate tax rate can not address the fact that many corporations are employing various means to avoid U.S. taxes altogether . Companies that have recently sought inversions continue to benefit vastly from public investments . The drugs and devices made by Pfizer and Medtronic , which are often sold by Walgreen , would have far fewer buyers if not for Medicaid , Medicare and other federal health programs . They would not exist without federal investments in research and education and in the infrastructure that makes commerce possible . Taxpayers should be outraged that these companies have no qualms about benefiting immensely from the U.S. economic system without contributing their fair share . But Congress can easily fix this by moving forward with a White House proposal to bar corporations that are obviously American from pretending to be foreign . The plan would sensibly treat newly merged companies as American if they are majority owned by shareholders of the original American company , or if they are managed and controlled inside the United States and have substantial business here . There 's much more to be done to reform America 's tax code , but we ca n't afford to wait for lawmakers to settle how to approach that challenge . If Congress waits too long , there wo n't be much of a corporate tax left to reform .	U.S. corporations merge with foreign companies , move their headquarters McIntyre : Such "  inversions " enable firms to greatly lower their U.S. corporate tax bill He says government can lose billions of tax revenue from such maneuvers McIntyre : Congress should pass administration proposal to bar inversions
CNN  -- With little notice , Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney 's campaign has been quietly laying the groundwork for an online social network that could be a crucial weapon in his battle to take the White House . Called MyMitt , the platform is tucked away on MittRomney.com , accessible only if you choose to register on the Action page and unadvertised in any proactive way . There 's no button pointing to it from the homepage , and the MyMitt Action Center looks like it 's only partially finished . Nevertheless , close to 100,000 Romney supporters have created an account on MyMitt , a substantial number at this stage in the race . Here 's why this could be a big deal . In 2008 , Barack Obama 's campaign built its own social network at My.BarackObama.com . Known as myBO for short , the platform made it easy for Obama supporters to create their own profiles on the campaign website , to write their own blog posts , start or join interest groups , organize their own house parties and , most important , initiate and track their own fundraisers . Two million people eventually joined , and 35,000 generated more than $ 70 million in campaign contributions from their own personal networks . Enabling your supporters to visible share their enthusiasm with each other is a powerful way to grow a political network . Even more useful : The myBO platform also allowed the campaign to figure out which supporters were the most passionate activists and to concentrate attention on these "  super-volunteers " for a variety of vital tasks . While Obama 's re-election campaign brags about getting its millionth individual donor , basks in its 23 million-strong Facebook following and spends millions on building a sophisticated online campaign operation , it might be tempting to write off the Republican presidential candidates as hopelessly behind in the chase for support on the Web . But this does n't worry Mindy Finn , who ran Romney 's online operation in 2008 and this year worked on the now-defunct Tim Pawlenty campaign . She said , "  Do n't count out the Republican campaigns in this area yet . Several of the Republican campaigns show promise of going toe-to-toe or besting the Obama operation by the time they would come out of the primary as the nominee . " Right now , MyMitt is n't nearly as robust as MyBO , but the seeds are there . Built on the Drupal content management system by the campaign 's own tech team , MyMitt lets supporters make donations , create their own fundraising pages to rally their friends around , purchase official campaign gear or volunteer by making calls from home on behalf of the campaign . On October 15 , the campaign held a National Call Day for volunteers to "  share Mitt 's pro-growth message and build support . " About 37,000 calls were generated by a couple of thousand volunteers . That may not seem like much compared with the 3 million calls the Obama campaign says its volunteers made between the beginning of July and the end of September . But Zac Moffatt , the campaign 's digital director , says the call-day effort showed that the Romney operation is able to activate volunteers from all 50 states . Moffatt , whose firm Targeted Victory rose to prominence running online operations for Republican candidates like Marco Rubio in 2010 , is reticent to provide many details about the Romney campaign 's plans for MyMitt . "  We want to make it a platform for people to engage with , " he said . When I suggest that this kind of user-centric toolkit is n't standard operating procedure -- the Rick Perry campaign offers only a personal fundraising page , for example , and Michelle Bachmann makes volunteers fill out an online form and wait to be contacted -- Moffatt demurs . "  Every campaign is going to create a single log-in for their supporters , " he said . Maybe he 's suggesting that MyMitt is n't worth paying attention to . Or perhaps he does n't want his competition to realize they 're in danger of being lapped . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Micah Sifry .	Mitt Romney 's new social media platform may be crucial to his presidential campaign MyMitt lets supporters make donations , purchase campaign gear , make volunteer calls Close to 100,000 Romney supporters have created an account on MyMitt Republicans are taking a page from Barack Obama 's 2008 Web platform , myBO
CNN  -- Authorities hunting suspected cop-killer Eric Matthew Frein say they discovered an AK-47 rifle , some magazines and a small bag of ammo in the northeastern Pennsylvania woods where they believe he was hiding . "  He 's out in those woods right now , " Pennsylvania Gov. Tom Corbett told reporters Monday morning . He was flanked by State Police Lt. Col George Bivens , who added , "  I do believe that we are close to him at this point . " Tracking dogs and searchers are indicating "  we 're on the right trail , " Bivens said Sunday . He confirmed that thermal imaging technology is being used to find 31-year-old Frein , who allegedly killed one state police officer and the shot another officer September 12 outside the Pennsylvania State Police barracks in Blooming Grove . Frein had been planning the ambush for months or possibly years , authorities said . Investigators said the items they found were either abandoned or hidden by Frein , who is a skilled marksman and trained survivalist . Slaying planned for months ? Authorities have said that Frein hated law enforcement and that they believe that he 's solely focused on hurting more officers , but not civilians . A reporter asked Corbett why investigators concluded that . Corbett answered that the night of the barracks shooting , Frein had the opportunity to shoot civilians and did n't take it . As to the rifle that was found over the weekend , it was positioned in such a way that it could be seen , and the items were partially concealed , Bivens said earlier . "  Frein obviously knows we 're there " searching , he said . Up to 400 law enforcement officers are searching for Frein , including members of the FBI , the U.S. Marshals Service and the Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives . They are combing about 200 to 250 square miles of wooded area not far from Frein 's family home in Canadensis -- about 20 miles from where Frein alleged shot state police officers . Hunters should avoid the thick woods , authorities have said . Schools in the areas have canceled classes . Anyone with information or images they believe might be helpful should call 911 or contact law enforcement , Bivens stressed . Bivens also warned that anyone who helps Frein will be charged accordingly .	NEW : Suspect is "  out in those woods right now , " Pennsylvania governor says NEW : Authorities use thermal imaging to help them find the 31-year-old survivalist Investigators discovered AK-47 and ammo they say belong to Eric Matthew Frein Frein is wanted for killing one Pennsylvania state police officer and shooting another
One day last January , Robert Ethan Saylor , a 26-year-old man with Down syndrome , went to see the movie "  Zero Dark Thirty . " When it was over , Saylor briefly left the theater , then decided to return and see it again . The manager called security because Saylor did n't pay , and three off-duty deputies , moonlighting at the mall , came in to confront him . According to Frederick County , Maryland , police statements , he swore at them and refused to leave . The deputies tried to remove him , despite Saylor 's caretaker 's warnings and pleas for them to wait and let her take care of it . What happened next is a little unclear , but witnesses say the deputies put Saylor on the floor , held him down and handcuffed him . Saylor , called Ethan by his family , suffered a fracture in his throat cartilage . He died of asphyxiation . The death was ruled a homicide , but a grand jury failed to indict the deputies and they returned to work without charges . My son has Down syndrome , so I have been following this case closely . But for months , it seemed as if only people in the disability community cared about it . Petitions for independent investigations sputtered out with just a few hundred votes . Local reporting on the case never made a splash in national media . Meanwhile , the Frederick County sheriff investigated his men 's conduct , ruled they had followed procedure correctly , and tried to move on . Police violence against people with disabilities is not uncommon , but the cases do n't seem to get a lot of publicity . Most people see the disabled as , at best , passive victims , objects to care for , perhaps to love , but not people with whom we automatically identify . This is a mistake . We are all only temporarily able-bodied . Accidents , illness , and age wait for us all . What happened to Ethan Saylor could happen to you . In July , his death began to get more attention . Heather Mizeur , a member of the Maryland House of Representatives and candidate for governor , seized on Saylor 's story and called for new training for law enforcement . Debra Alfarone , an investigative journalist in Washington , began to broadcast and write about the case . A petition asking Gov. Martin O'Malley to investigate went viral in mid-August , garnering 300,000 signatures in just a week . This petition fueled a renewed , suddenly national , media narrative . Ethan Saylor and #JusticeForEthan are now an official cause . What 's next ? An outside investigation either by the Justice Department or as part of a civil lawsuit might piece together the chain of events from the moment deputies confronted Saylor to his death on the cinema floor . We need an unbiased assessment of responsibility , not just to help the Saylor family understand -- although that 's important -- but to help all of us understand what went wrong . When law enforcement officers encounter people with disabilities , things can go wrong very easily . Dennis Debbaudt trains police on how to respond to people with intellectual disabilities , and argues that such cases require special tactics . First , he says , law enforcement officers should ensure that they , bystanders and the person with a disability are all out of danger . If the situation is safe , Debbaudt says , officers need to take all the time that 's necessary to resolve the problem without force . He tells officers that if the person with a disability is n't "  aggressing into the officer 's space , " then there 's generally no good reason to "  aggress into theirs . " Saylor 's aide was asking the officers to wait , rather than handcuff and arrest him , because he hated to be touched . To wait sounds a lot like common sense . According to both the officers ' and witnesses ' statements , no one seems to have been in danger , a deputy initiated contact only after Saylor swore at them , and witnesses report that the officers remained calm throughout . At worst , taking more time would have inconvenienced other moviegoers -- who , in any event , did not see their movie because of the death . I ca n't say whether the deputies did anything wrong ; in fact , they may have followed their typical procedures to the letter . But with just a little more patience , Ethan Saylor could still be alive . This tragedy raises questions about how people with disabilities fit into society . The Americans with Disabilities Act suggests that employers must offer reasonable accommodations to workers with disabilities . That standard has entered the broader culture , even as we repeatedly litigate the meaning of "  reasonable . " Would it have been reasonable to let Saylor watch the movie for free ? Would it have been reasonable to try to talk it out for 10 minutes , 30 minutes , an hour , delaying the start of a movie ? Would it be reasonable to bar admission to people with disabilities ? Making sure we figure out how to safely include people with disabilities throughout our community matters to everyone . Here 's a very different story with an equally tragic ending . On August 2 , John Wrana , a 95-year-old World War II veteran in Park Forest , Illinois , was scared . He did n't want to go to the hospital for surgery , because he did n't want to end up on life support . The staff at his assisted living community decided to involuntarily commit him and called the police . He threatened the staff with a shoehorn and a cane . The police came . They shot him with a Taser and and fired beanbag rounds at him . He died . The Park Forest police say , "  Attempts were made verbally to have the resident comply with demands to drop the articles , to no avail . " The police claim he had a kitchen knife , but the family disputes this , saying there was no knife in the old man 's room before the incident . Unlike Robert Ethan Saylor , John Wrana was not born with a disability . He made it through WWII with his body intact . But he was only temporarily able-bodied , then age caught up with him . Once in the world of disability , confused and stripped of his power to govern his body , he encountered the police and was killed . Disability rights are universal human rights , not abstract principles . But if it takes a personal reason to care about rights for the disabled , remember this : You might need them someday .	Ethan Saylor , 26 , with Down syndrome , died in a cinema when he refused to leave Witnesses say officers put him on floor and handcuffed him , and he died of asphyxiation David Perry : Police need to learn to deal with people with disabilities without force Perry : We all benefit from disabled rights , we will be old and disabled one day
CNN  -- An enthusiastic male voice announces the new haul -- a dozen fresh Disney-themed Kinder Eggs -- while a disembodied hand rotates a fully wrapped chocolate treat for the camera . The hand slowly peels the foil off the egg , cracks it open with a thumb and reveals the surprise treasure inside . It 's Slinky Dog from "  Toy Story " ! The video lingers on the plastic pooch for a few seconds , making sure to take in every angle , then repeats the process with each of the remaining Kinder Eggs . As far as popular videos go , it would seem to pale next to viral skateboard crashes , comedy sketches or music clips . And yet this video has been viewed more than 35 million times since it was posted to the FluffyJet channel on YouTube in 2012 . Welcome to the world of "  unboxing videos , " one of the many peculiar genres on YouTube , the Google-owned video hosting site where viewers watch more than 6 billion hours of video every month . The volume of unboxing videos has boomed in recent years . Easy to make and surprisingly hypnotic to watch , the videos have become a lucrative little corner of the Internet for the people who film them . The most popular unboxings are for expensive gadgets , like the iPhone , Xbox and PlayStation consoles . Competition for these views is fierce . Tech-news sites rush to post their own slideshows and videos of brand new Apple products being birthed from their high-end packaging . Companies have even started uploading their own unboxing videos to official YouTube channels , like this clip of the new Xbox One from Microsoft that has been watched more than 3 million times . Less well known are the secondary product groups , oddly specific areas where there is still plenty of room for YouTube entrepreneurs to stake their claim . Toys of all types are huge , including collectable figurines , Legos and Kinder Egg videos like those posted to the FluffyJet channel are hits . Makeup videos are a small industry unto themselves . There also are unboxing videos for blenders , Uggs , coffee machines and live reptiles . If you can buy it , there 's probably an unboxing video of it . Since 2010 , the number of YouTube clips with "  unboxing " in the headline has increased 871 % . Last year alone , 2,370 days , or 6.5 years , worth of unboxing footage was uploaded to the site . The traffic is coming from all over the world , with an uptick in recent interest from such far-flung places as India , Brunei , Sri Lanka , and Trinidad and Tobago . The people who post the videos are not just bragging about their latest purchases . They make money off ads displayed at the start of a clip or that pop up while they 're playing . YouTube 's payment system is complicated , but one unboxer said he can make $ 2 to $ 4 for every 1,000 views . Older videos do n't necessarily fall off the search rankings , so a creator in it for the long haul can make more money as they add videos over time . Creators only get paid per "  monitized " view . That means visitors have to actually watch enough of the video for ads to appear . To keep people from abandoning a video before they 've seen an ad , the videos have to be engaging , well shot and more than just SEO-keyword spam . "  It just needs to be long enough and good enough for people to stay to watch the ad , " said the unboxer , who preferred not to be identified to prevent competitors from moving in on his categories . He currently has more than 2,000 videos on YouTube . Unboxers look at Google Ad Words and YouTube search 's auto suggest function to uncover popular search terms and name their videos accordingly . They might borrow the products , or buy and return them after the video is shot . Companies will even ship free samples to the more popular channels . To keep viewers engaged , unboxers often bring a unique style to their product category . Some put their own personalities front and center , turning their faces into a trusted brand that brings back followers . Others have a specific shooting style that might favor time-lapse style footage set to catchy music , or close-up shots that pan lovingly over the unblemished surface of a new product . In addition to pulling in search traffic , good unboxers can get large volumes of subscribers to their YouTube channels . Consistency and focus are key to luring in those repeat viewers , so some people will have multiple channels , one for each narrow category . "  If someone really cares about Kinder Toys and you also have chainsaws , they 're not going to subscribe , " said the unboxer . It 's clear why enterprising people make the videos , but what compels so many viewers to watch an amateur video of some stranger they do n't know opening a box ? What would compel a viewer to subscribe to the all-coffee channel and binge-watch a guy unpacking coffee makers ? One reason is purely practical . Unboxing videos offer an unvarnished and honest peek at commercial products . The glossy , heavily retouched images and videos companies share of their goods often vary from what 's really in the box . People want to know what they 're really getting , whether the product looks cheap or well made , or if there are more parts than advertised . It 's research material for devoted comparison shoppers and collectors . Some people actually find watching an unboxing clip to be satisfying and enjoyable . As any kid on Christmas morning can tell you , the process of ripping open paper and figuring out what 's inside a package is half the fun .  Some YouTubers take the thrill to its literal conclusion and post videos of themselves opening birthday and holiday presents . FluffyJet 's audience metrics say viewers are primarily adults between 25 and 44 , half of whom are in the United States . Kids are the primary target for toy channels , and the videos are shot accordingly , with bright colors , quick cuts and chipper narration . Some viewers are parents who are playing toy-unboxing videos to entertain their children . The parents might not be able to afford all the toys , but their kids can watch the videos and dream . "  Toy unboxing videos are great because kids get to experience the opening just as if they were opening the toys themselves , " said a FluffyJet spokesperson . "  As for surprise unboxing videos , it is a real mystery , literally . Kids seem to love the mystery of seeing what 's inside the surprise and seeing all their favorite toy characters . "	"  Unboxing " videos are a growing and surprisingly lucrative genre on YouTube The videos show everything from electronics to small animals being removed from boxes There are 6.5 years worth of YouTube videos with "  unboxing " in the title Unboxers can earn up to $ 4 per 1,000 views
An eight-day search in Portugal near where Madeleine McCann went missing seven years ago has uncovered no new evidence , British police said Wednesday . London 's Metropolitan Police -- also known as Scotland Yard -- are leading the hunt for Madeleine , who was a few weeks shy of her fourth birthday when she disappeared from her family 's holiday apartment Praia da Luz , on Portugal 's Algarve coast , in 2007 . Scotland Yard said its officers had been working alongside Portuguese police and experts to search specific areas in the resort town . They had searched some 60,000 square meters of ground , including drains and derelict buildings , in what was "  the largest deployment "  ever undertaken by UK police overseas in a case of this type . " "  The decision to search the ` horse shoe ' shaped piece of waste ground to the west of Praia da Luz and other sites was as a specific result of the UK 's investigation work to date , " police said in a statement Wednesday . "  Forty-one ground anomalies were identified initially by both aerial survey and ground analysis which were then investigated fully , " they said . "  At this time no evidence relating to Madeleine McCann has been identified . However it has given us an essential understanding of the activity on and people that have used this piece of land . " Scotland Yard said there was still a "  substantial amount of work yet to be completed " in its investigation , and that "  more activity " was expected to begin shortly . "  This recent work is part of ensuring that all lines of enquiry are progressed in a systematic manner and covers just the one hypothesis that she was killed and buried locally , " it said . Madeleine 's parents , Kate and Gerry McCann , left the girl and her younger twin siblings asleep in the apartment on May 3 , 2007 , while they went for dinner with friends at a tapas restaurant nearby . Her mother checked on the children about 10 p.m. and discovered her daughter missing . Last week , sources told CNN that British police were working on the assumption that Madeleine was dead , while their Portuguese counterparts were working on the assumption that she was still alive and had been taken out of Portugal by a non-Portuguese national who had been in the country for a short time . Scotland Yard 's head of specialist crime and operations , Assistant Commissioner Mark Rowley , told media on May 22 there would be "  specific police activity " in Portugal in the coming weeks , relating to Madeleine 's disappearance . "  It should not be assumed that this substantial upcoming phase of work in Portugal will immediately lead us to the answers that will explain what has happened , " he warned at the time . "  What you will see is normal police activity you would expect in any such major investigation . " Rowley also told media that Scotland Yard had made it clear to their Portuguese colleagues that they would not be giving operational updates , saying : "  If media interfere with police work , that work will stop . " Scotland Yard reopened its investigation into Madeleine 's disappearance in July 2013 after a two-year review of the original probe . Portuguese police reopened their investigation last October . At the time , Metropolitan Police said the two police forces ' investigations would run in parallel . Madeleine 's parents launched a massive publicity campaign to find their daughter and say they continue to believe she is still alive .	Madeleine McCann disappeared from her family 's holiday apartment in Portugal in 2007 Police have been digging in an area near where she disappeared , then aged 3 Scotland Yard says the 8-day search in Praia da Luz has not identified new evidence British police reopened their investigation into her disappearance in July 2013
CNN  -- It is likely that radical cleric Abu Hamza -- who was found guilty on terror charges by a New York federal jury this week -- will now spend the rest of his life in a U.S. top security prison while his victims will gain some succor from the fact that he is finally behind bars . However , merely stopping high-profile extremist preachers is not enough if the threat they represent is to be confronted . Much more needs to be done to challenge extremist narratives , ideas and propaganda if we are prevent the next generation of extremist preachers from emerging . There was a time , during the 1980s and early 1990s , when individuals would rarely become radicalized without direct contact with an extremist preacher of some description . In this context , preachers such as Abu Hamza became highly significant as recruiters and propagandists . Their ability to tailor the al-Qaeda worldview to young and impressionable audiences in Europe and North America allowed them to target a generation of Muslims born and raised in the West . However , even though many key extremist preachers have now been arrested or deported -- such as Omar Bakri and Abdullah Faisal -- extremist narratives are still being disseminated and reaching their target audiences . The likes of Abu Hamza have left a legacy which has now been taken on by some Western-born recruits , using educational institutions , prisons and the Internet to spread extremist messages . The fact that an estimated 400 British citizens are believed to have traveled to Syria to join jihadist groups suggests their efforts are having some success . In tackling extremism we need to ensure universities and colleges are not hosting extremist preachers without providing a robust challenge to their views . We need to ensure prisoners are offered mentoring and support to turn their lives around , making them less susceptible to recruitment within prisons . Online extremism also needs to be challenged with counter-arguments ; this could be done through websites and social media accounts that confront the extremist narrative . A recent Quilliam report further details how this can be done . Arresting key individuals or shutting down extremist websites -- as some European governments propose -- are not long-term solutions to this problem . Extremist narratives only lose their appeal when they are undermined and thoroughly discredited ; when the debate is opened up and won by their opponents , rather than being shut down and lost . We need to enter the realm of ideas and pitch more positive and enlightened values against extreme and regressive arguments . The extreme Islamist narrative offers listeners a simplistic framework through which all geo-political developments are misconstrued . Just as Marxists view all activities as part of a class struggle , so extreme Islamists rely on a West versus Islam framework or a Muslim versus non-Muslim rivalry . In the view of such extreme Islamists , Muslims are at war while non-Muslim states and political entities form part of a broad struggle to undermine Islam . Conflict zones -- such as Syria , Iraq or Afghanistan -- are viewed not as localised or isolated conflicts but part of a grand conspiracy to undermine Islam and prevent the emergence of a utopian Islamist super-power . Undermining extreme Islamism is about undermining the framework or narrative that is being used . This involves discrediting it and exposing its inaccuracies from a political , historical and theological point of view . It is also about revealing the true nature of the extremist narrative and presenting it in its unembellished form . Extremists often rely on highlighting a select number of grievances , while ignoring other less convenient ones , in order to create moral outrage and garner sympathy . Exposing this selective and agenda driven approach to conflict zones and political developments is key to discrediting their efforts . Ultimately , extremism will stop appealing to young people when it becomes unfashionable and is regarded as yesterday 's news . However , or that to happen we need not only counter-narratives but also alternative narratives through which the world can be understood and appreciated . For this to happen we need more political literacy , more spaces in which young people can discuss political and social developments and a stronger sense of national and regional identity so that people feel a greater sense of rootedness and belonging . We undermine extremists by illustrating how our values are better than theirs and offering constructive answers in opposition to their destructive proposals .	Ghaffar Hussain : We need to confront extreme Islamist narratives Preacher Abu Hamza , found guilty this week on terror charges , renowned for radicalization Undermine radicals by offering a stronger worldview , says Hussain
Ferguson , Missouri  CNN  -- It was freezing , wet and a busy travel day before a holiday , but a few dozen protesters showed up outside police headquarters in Ferguson on Wednesday night . Standing underneath a "  Seasons Greetings " sign stretching over the road , the demonstrators fired obscenities at National Guard members who stood on watch outside the police department 's offices . The mood was much calmer than the two nights since a grand jury decided not to indict Ferguson police Officer Darren Wilson , but still there was tension in the protest . A one-mile stretch of West Florissant Avenue , the site of previous protests , was closed to cars and pedestrians , with authorities saying the burned out buildings on the route are crime scenes . One of those buildings is Flood Christian Church , of which Michael Brown Sr. is a member . The Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives is leading the investigation into the fire that destroyed the church , a spokesman said . Investigators have found that someone broke into the church and the fire began in a foyer near the doors that were breached , the ATF spokesman said . The church is some distance away from the strip of stores that burned Monday . Other structures nearby were untouched , which is cause for suspicion , the spokesman said . Also Wednesday , Ferguson police were looking for clues as to who stole an AR-15 that was locked in a rack plucked from a police car that was torched by rioters this week . "  They took the entire rack from the car , " St. Louis County Police Sgt. Brian Schellman said . Better night but not without ugliness As Ferguson residents looked around on Wednesday morning , they did n't see the kind of damage inflicted on the city a day earlier . There were fewer arrests and fewer instances of vandalism Tuesday night than the night before . And while there was plenty of anger among residents , it was channeled in chants and not chaos . "  We were perhaps not optimistic , but we were at least hopeful we would have a better night , " said St. Louis County Police Chief Jon Belmar . There were ugly incidents , though . Some rowdy protesters flipped over a police cruiser briefly , broke out its windows and set it on fire . Police moved in quickly to snuff it out . The acrid smell of pepper spray filled the air . Eyes were burning . Throats were scratchy . Elsewhere , vandals broke windows and trashed businesses . St. Louis County police said protesters hurled bottles of "  what appears to be urine " at them . A car was set ablaze at a parking lot near Michael Brown 's memorial -- which still stands where the unarmed teen was killed on August 9 -- but sporadic gunfire in the area stopped officers from responding , Belmar said . Officers said they seized a Molotov cocktail and made 44 arrests -- far fewer than Monday night , when anger and dismay over a grand jury 's decision not to indict a white police officer in Brown 's killing led to violence authorities say surpassed the tumult that erupted after the shooting itself . "  A day before , we were kind of on different pages , " Missouri State Patrol Capt. Ron Johnson said . "  But what I 'm hearing from this community is that we are all on the same page to make our community whole and make sure it stays whole . " Complete coverage of what 's happening in Ferguson Nationwide protests As in Ferguson , outrage over the grand jury 's decision escalated from coast to coast , with protests in at least 130 cities nationwide . From New York to Los Angeles and dozens of cities in between , protesters flooded the streets to denounce the grand jury 's decision . Some demonstrations blocked bridges , tunnels and major highways , but the protests were largely peaceful . "  They have given us no justice ! We will give them no peace , " protesters chanted as they massed in front of the Underground Atlanta shopping mall . In the New York area , demonstrators briefly blocked one of the entrances to the Lincoln Tunnel . "  We are on the side of Michael Brown to fight for what is right , " the Rev. Al Sharpton said . "  We may have lost round one , but the fight is not over . " Darren Wilson speaks out Meanwhile , in his first interview since the fatal shooting , Wilson maintained that he killed Brown , 18 , out of fear for his life during their encounter . In the interview with ABC News , he said his response had nothing to do with race . "  I know I did my job right , " he said . Repeating what he told the grand jury , Wilson said Brown reached into his police vehicle and grabbed for his gun . "  I just felt the immense power that he had . And then the way I 've described it is , it was like a 5-year-old holding onto Hulk Hogan . That 's just how big this man was , " Wilson said . "  He was very large , very powerful man . " Avoiding a repeat Back in Ferguson , authorities were determined Tuesday to prevent a repeat of Monday night 's violence . Missouri Gov. Jay Nixon ordered additional National Guard troops to the area , boosting their numbers from 700 to 2,200 . "  We are not your enemy , " protesters chanted at officers who stood in full riot gear . "  We just want justice . " Cleaning up Earlier Tuesday , volunteers helped clean up vandalized stores and eateries and boarded up broken windows and doors . Some residents carried guns and said volunteers were protecting houses on the streets off South Florissant Road . Armed men carrying semi-automatic rifles paced the roof of Beauty World , a store that was badly damaged in Monday 's protests . Also Tuesday , St. Louis police identified a man who was found shot to death and set on fire . Belmar told the St. Louis Post-Dispatch newspaper that he is n't discounting the possibility that the death was linked to Monday night 's violence . Deandre Joshua , 20 , was found behind the wheel of a Pontiac in a parking lot , just down the street from Canfield Green Apartments , near where Brown was killed . Joshua had been shot in the head , police said . An accelerant was used to set him on fire , but the fire went out on its own , police said . He had burns to his arm , fingers and both legs . CNN 's Moni Basu and Evan Perez reported from Ferguson . CNN 's Sara Sidner , Faith Karimi , Jason Hanna and Evan Perez contributed to this report .	NEW : The group congregates outside police headquarters in Ferguson ATF is investigating possible arson at Michael Brown Sr. 's church "  We are all on the same page to make our community whole , " says State Patrol captain Protesters flip a police car and break windows Tuesday , but damage is less than Monday
CNN  -- More than three years ago , the outgoing U.S. ambassador in Zimbabwe , Christopher W. Dell , wrote a valedictory note about the government of President Robert Mugabe . It was titled simply "  The End is Nigh . " His advice to the U.S. State Department : "  Stay the course and prepare for change " in the southern African nation . Today , President Mugabe is still in place , though he now heads an uneasy power-sharing government with the opposition Movement for Democratic Change  MDC  . The cable , dated July 2007 , is one of thousands obtained by WikiLeaks , some of which were published Sunday in The New York Times and four European newspapers that had advance access to the documents . Dell goes on to characterize Mugabe , who has been in power since 1980 , as "  a brilliant tactician " who is "  more clever and more ruthless than any other politician in Zimbabwe . " He also believes Mugabe is "  hampered by several factors : his ego and belief in his own infallibility . " He notes that contacts within the ruling party , the ZANU-PF , are desperately seeking reform but acknowledge that it wo n't happen while the "  Old Man " is still there . Mugabe has been in power in Zimbabwe since its independence in 1980 . Once one of Africa 's wealthier nations , with a thriving agricultural sector , it has deteriorated into economic and social turmoil . In 2007 , the same year the cable was written , Zimbabwe had the highest inflation rate in the world at 66,212 percent , according to the International Monetary Fund . Fuel and food shortages prompted Dell to say "  for the first time the president is under intensifying pressure simultaneously on the economic , political and international fronts " and that Mugabe was "  running out of options . " He says it up to the U.S. "  once again , to take the lead , to say and do the hard things . " He admits in 2007 that Mugabe will "  not wake up one morning a changed man , resolved to set right all he has wrought . He will not go quietly nor without a fight . He will cling to power at all costs . " Dell added : "  Mugabe and his henchman are like bullies everywhere : if they can intimidate , you they will . But they 're not used to someone standing up to them and fighting back . " According to the cable , Dell said the "  optimal outcome ... is a genuinely free and fair election , under international supervision . " Thabo Mbeki , former president of South Africa , had been trying to mediate in Zimbabwe and had , according to Dell , "  the best , albeit very slim , hope of getting there . " When considering possible Mugabe successors , Dell is less than impressed with the options . He calls the MDC "  far from ideal " and is "  convinced that had we -LSB- the U.S. -RSB- had different partners , we could have achieved more already . " He goes on to lament that the current leadership would "  require massive hand-holding and assistance should they ever come to power . " Morgan Tsvangirai , prime minister and MDC head , is characterized by Dell as a "  brave , committed man " with "  star quality . " However , Dell criticizes Tsvangarai as being "  not readily open to advice , indecisive and with questionable judgment in selecting those around him . " Perhaps most tellingly Dell says of the MDC leader : "  Zimbabwe needs him , but should not rely on his executive abilities to lead the country 's recovery . " Last week , Tsvangirai took President Mugabe to court , claiming he was making unilateral decisions regarding important Cabinet and judicial appointments in violation of the power sharing arrangement .	WikiLeaks releases 2007 cable from outgoing U.S. ambassador to Zimbabwe Christopher W. Dell likens President Robert Mugabe to a bully , predicts change Dell was n't optimistic about Morgan Tsvangirai and other leadership options Inflation and turmoil have plagued the southern African nation for decades
CNN  -- Rescuers were scheduled to resume their search Friday morning for survivors of a ferry that sank off the Tanzanian island of Zanzibar , killing 60 people and leaving more than 80 people unaccounted for , the Red Cross said . As night fell Thursday , crews halted their search until the next morning , the Red Cross said . The vessel with about 290 people aboard -- including 31 children -- capsized near Zanzibar on Wednesday , according to a spokesman for the agency 's office in Tanzania . About 145 people have been found alive , and rescue operations are ongoing , said Raymond Kanyambo , a spokesman for the agency . Rescuers search for bodies after Indian ferry disaster Authorities intensified efforts Thursday by using army helicopters , government troops and boats . Strong winds and rough waves , which officials blame for the capsizing , complicated ongoing rescue efforts , he said . Ferries in the region often carry passengers not included in the manifest , making it hard to pinpoint the exact number of people aboard . The ferry was traveling between the Tanzanian commercial capital of Dar es Salaam and Zanzibar , the Indian Ocean archipelago popular with tourists for its pristine sandy beaches . Bangladesh ferry death toll rises to more than 100 Zanzibar is a semi-autonomous part of Tanzania . The capsizing Wednesday is the latest such disaster in the popular tourist destination of Zanzibar in less than a year . More than 200 people perished when a crowded ferry traveling between two islands of Zanzibar sank in September . In that incident , the ferry had a capacity of about 600 passengers , but was carrying more than 1,000 people , officials said at the time . Tanzanian authorities charged five men with negligence in the September capsizing , including the owner of the ferry and the captain . See video footage of September 's incident Journalist Farouq Karim contributed to this report from Zanzibar . CNN 's Karen Smith , Said Samira , Faith Karimi and Michael Martinez also contributed .	NEW : Death toll rises to 60 , with more than 80 people still unaccounted for Rescuers pluck 145 people from the choppy waters , Red Cross says The vessel had about 290 people aboard -- including 31 children , it says Ferries in the region often carry passengers not included in the manifest
If you ever find yourself in Hunan , China , rent a car and drive the Jishou-Chadong Expressway : 18 tunnels under the Wuling mountains that culminate at the Aizhai Bridge , a gut-churning 1,150-foot-high suspension bridge over the Dehang Canyon . It 's a man-made wonder , the world 's highest  and maybe even scariest  tunnel-to-tunnel bridge -- and yet it ranks only 15th among the world 's longest suspension bridges . For the thrill of seeing No. 1 , you 'd need to head to Kobe , Japan , and marvel at the Akashi-Kaikyo Bridge . But in the race to build the biggest and baddest bridges of them all , record-hungry China tends to dominate in hard stats ; five out of the top 10 suspension bridges are there , for instance . So instead of a China-heavy list of bridges , we 've focused on a variety of categories , from covered bridges to pontoon floaters , to bring you a diverse cross section of the longest . From the ice roads of Arctic Alaska to a cable-stayed controversy on the other side of the Bering Strait -- stretching over cities , seas and even the jungle canopy -- the world 's longest bridges exist on a scale that can only be described as stupefying . Be sure to gas up before you take them on . Travel + Leisure : See more of the world 's longest bridges Longest suspension bridge span : Akashi-Kaikyo Bridge , Kobe , Japan Length : 6,532 ft. Before this steel behemoth bridged the Akashi Strait that separates Kobe from Iwaya , severe storms in the area would routinely sink ferries . Not that the world 's longest suspension bridge has it any easier : every day , 23,000 cars pass over a structure that must withstand earthquakes  a 7.2 magnitude earthquake hit in 1995  , consistently strong tidal currents  9 knots  , and wind gusts up to 179 mph . Completed in 1998 , the record-setting central span 213 feet above the sea makes up over half its total 12,831-foot length ; by comparison , the Golden Gate 's central span is only 4,200 feet . For an up-close-and-personal  and gut-dropping  view , bridge tours take visitors to the top of one of the towers . jb-honshi . co.jp World 's top 25 destinations Longest inhabited bridge : Krmerbrcke , Erfurt , Germany Length : 259 ft. Like the Old London Bridge before it and Italy 's Ponte Vecchio , the fairy tale-like Krmerbrcke , or Merchant 's Bridge , is a bit of European history preserved in the modern day . After a series of fires destroyed previous attempts to build a span over the Breitstrom River in the 12th and 13th centuries , a stone arch bridge was built in 1325 . Eventually , 62 half-timbered houses were added on top , 32 of which survived till today and continue to be home to shopkeepers and artisans . This multipurpose bridge has likely inspired more contemporary versions , like Zaha Hadid 's 919-foot-long Bridge Pavilion in Zaragoza , Spain . erfurt-tourismus . de The world 's scariest bridges Longest bridge over water  continuous  : Lake Pontchartrain Causeway , Louisiana Length : 23.87 miles Due to recent feats of Chinese engineering , the four-lane , 5,189-pile concrete trestle bridge north of New Orleans got demoted by Guinness World Records for world 's longest bridge over water . But the change did not come without controversy , with many Pontchartrain loyalists arguing that the new winner , a 25.84-mile elevated highway-bridge-tunnel project near Qingdao , China , actually has only 16.1 miles that span the sea compared to 23.79 miles of Pontchartrain 's that are over open water . Guinness compromised by bestowing a new title upon the 58-year-old causeway : Longest Bridge Over Water  Continuous  . However you rank it , it 's still a pulse-quickening half-hour drive . thecauseway.us Travel photos we wish we 'd taken Longest canopy walkway : Taman Negara Canopy Walkway , Kuala Lumpur , Malaysia Length : 1,509 ft. Deep in the heart of the Malaysian jungle , the Taman Negara Canopy Walkway provides visitors with unparalleled views and no shortage of thrills . For a mere $ 1.50 , adventurers can channel their inner macaque  and probably see one , too  while traversing more than a quarter mile of narrow bridges strewn between centuries-old trees , offering up-close-and-vertigo-inducing views of local flora and fauna -- 160 feet above the jungle floor . taman-negara . com Longest floating bridge : Evergreen Point Bridge , Seattle Length : 7,580 ft. Officially known as Governor Albert D. Rosellini Bridge  the Washington statesman who oversaw its creation in the early 1960s  , this section of State Route 520 connects Seattle to its eastern suburbs via a roadway that floats atop Lake Washington on 33 football field-size pontoons . The design was chosen due to the lake 's unstable bed and the curved nature of the roadway  a common problem for the area , which would explain why the state is home to four of the five largest floating bridges in the world  . The aging structure is currently being replaced by a larger , even longer , more modern floating bridge that can even accommodate a light-rail system . wsdot.wa.gov Longest masonry arch bridge span : Pont de la Libration , Villeneuve-sur-Lot , France Length : 315 ft. Though arch bridges are still popular today , they 're usually built with modern materials like steel  see : Chongqing , China 's Chaotianmen Bridge , at 5,712 feet the longest arch bridge span , period  . Which is a shame , considering some masonry arch bridges  brick and/or stone  are so mathematically precise , not to mention beautiful , they could stand without mortar . More than 100 years old and spanning the Lot River in southwestern France , the Pont de la Libration is made of brick and unreinforced concrete -- technically very small stones and mortar . If it 's anything like its distant cousin the Pont du Gard aqueduct , it will stand for hundreds more . Take note , China bridge barons . The world 's strangest bridges Longest covered bridge : The Hartland Bridge , New Brunswick , Canada Length : 1,283 ft. The bridges of Madison County have nothing on this 112-year-old National Historic Site of Canada , which became the world 's longest covered bridge only after two spans were destroyed by river ice in 1920 , prompting replacement and a roof  covering helps prevent rot on the central wooden trusses  . Built as a private bridge by a coalition of residents desperately in need of a direct way across the Saint John River -- 3 cents for a pedestrian ; 6 cents for a horse and wagon -- it 's now a regional icon open to all , beloved enough to get its own Google Doodle . town.hartland.nb.ca Longest rail bridge : Danyang-Kunshan Grand Bridge , China Length : 102.4 miles Connecting Shanghai to Nanjing along the Beijing-Shanghai High-Speed Railway , this elevated viaduct was named the world 's longest bridge -- period -- by Guinness World Records when it opened in 2011 .  Also on the railway , the 70.6-mile Tianjin Grand Bridge , which connects Langfang to Qingxian , is the world 's second longest . Running parallel to the Yangtze River past lowland rice paddies , most of the span acts as an elevated railway , similar to the El in Chicago , though a 5.6-mile section does act like a traditional bridge , crossing the Yangcheng Lake in Suzhou . Longest ice bridge : Beaufort Sea Road , Alaska Length : 68 miles Time , fortitude and frigid cold are the only tools needed to build an ice bridge . Made popular by the hit reality TV series Ice Road Truckers , many of these cold-temperature roadways traverse a snowy mix of land and frozen lakes . But this span over the Beaufort Sea to Alaska 's northernmost oil fields is pure Arctic ice . One of the most dangerous  and unique  bridges on this list , it is also one of the only ways to service the ExxonMobil hub of Point Thomson . The world 's most dangerous bridges Longest natural bridge span : The Fairy Bridge , Guangxi , China Length : 400 ft. Though bridges are one of the greatest examples of human engineering , they are hardly a creation unique to man : rock archways hewn by Mother Nature  usually by erosion  likely provided inspiration for our brick-and-steel masterworks . And would n't you know it , even in this category of bridges , China still dominates . The country is home to three of the longest natural bridge spans in the world , including the 400-foot stunner over the Buliu River near the border of Vietnam . Carved out of a limestone karst , the Fairy Bridge  Xianren Qiao  is an isolated structure accessible only by a three-hour rafting trip . naturalarches.org Travel + Leisure : See more of the world 's longest bridges	These 10 longest bridges range from suspension to ice bridges Every day , 23,000 cars pass over Japan 's Akashi-Kaikyo Bridge Kuala Lumpur boasts the longest canopy walkway at 1,509 feet China is home to three of the world 's longest natural bridge spans
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- President-elect Barack Obama plans to order the closing of the U.S. military prison at Guantanamo Bay as early as his first week in office to show a break from the Bush administration 's approach to the war on terror , according to two officials close to the transition . President-elect Barack Obama is expected to sign an order closing the prison at Guantanamo Bay , Cuba . One of the officials said it would be in keeping with Obama 's campaign promise to shut down the prison through executive order , a move which was also pushed by last year 's Republican presidential nominee , Sen. John McCain , R-Arizona . "  The president-elect has repeatedly said the legal framework at Gitmo has failed to successfully and swiftly prosecute terrorists , " said one of the officials close to the transition , who was not authorized to speak publicly about private deliberations . Such a move would reassure those concerned after Obama 's recent public comments suggested he may not immediately shut the prison down . Watch what may delay Gitmo 's closing " "  It is more difficult than I think a lot of people realize and we are going to get it done , but part of the challenge that you have is that you have a bunch of folks that have been detained , many of whom who may be very dangerous who have not been put on trial or have not gone through some adjudication , " Obama said on ABC 's "  This Week " on Sunday when asked whether he would close the prison in his first 100 days . Obama also said he was trying to develop a process that "  adheres to rule of law " but "  does n't result in releasing people who are intent on blowing us up . " "  I think it 's going to take some time and our legal teams are working in consultation with our national security apparatus as we speak , to help design exactly what we need to do , " Obama said . "  But I do n't want to be ambiguous about this . We are going to close Guantanamo and we are going to make sure that the procedures we set up are ones that abide by our Constitution , " he said . The military prison at Guantanamo Bay is a major issue because for critics of the Bush administration , it has become a symbol of mismanagement and overreach in the war on terror . At his final White House press conference on Monday , President Bush was asked whether the military prison and harsh interrogation tactics have damaged America 's standing in the world . iReport.com : What should Obama do first ? "  I strongly disagree with the assessment that our moral standing has been damaged , " Bush said . "  It may be damaged amongst some of the elite . But people still understand America stands for freedom ; that America is a country that provides such great hope . "	President-elect Barack Obama plans to sign order closing Guantanamo Bay prison Obama says legal framework must be worked out before "  Gitmo " can be closed Military prison holds terrorist suspects , including mastermind of 9/11 attacks
CNN  -- After traveling all year for business meetings or conventions and taking vacation to cover a child 's inconvenient half days at school , many harried Americans are left with a dilemma . With a few weeks left in the year , their remaining precious vacation days are about to expire . The average American worker has about six paid vacation days left unused at the end of the year , according to Hotwire.com 's American Travel Behavior Survey , conducted earlier this year . It 's time to use 'em or lose 'em . For the flexible traveler able to jump on a plane over the next two weeks , discounts are plentiful . That 's because business travel is winding down for the year while many leisure travelers are saving their pennies for holiday expenses . Hotels and airlines are cutting prices and bundling discounts to fill rooms and seats that would otherwise go unsold . "  It 's a great time to get last-minute deals if you 're flexible and have time available , " says Fiona O'Donnell , senior lifestyles and leisure analyst for the Mintel Reports Group . Here are a few deals : Winter in the wine country  West Coast Winter is Cabernet season in the Napa Valley and hoteliers are celebrating the end of harvest with discounted winter room rates . While new wine ages in recently-filled barrels , the legendary Napa Valley Lodge in Yountville , California , has packages with room rates starting at $ 195  Sunday through Thursday  and $ 245  Saturday and Sunday  that include wine tasting passes , a bottle of wine , continental Champagne breakfast buffet and 20 % off spa treatments . In contrast , Summer rates can start at $ 300/night . This offer is good now through January 31 , 2012 . Other Napa Valley offers , including restaurant month and vintner discounts are also available . "  The harvest season might be over , but there are still plenty of reasons to visit wine country in winter , " says Anne Banas , executive editor of Smarter Travel . "  Not only will the wines warm you up , but wine tastings and dining options offer plenty to do indoors . Plus , you can often find good discounts on hotels and B&B s , often 30 % to 50 % off regular season rates . " Winter in wine country  East Coast Bundle up and head to the Finger Lakes region of New York , where the wine scene is low-key and travelers celebrate the cold with cross-country skiing and snow-shoeing . Banas recommends Atwater Estate Vineyards and the New York Wine and Culinary Center on Canandaigua Lake . Winter travelers can receive discounts or free nights with participating hotels and inns as well as discounts at local wineries and restaurants through March 31 , 2012 . San Francisco -- or Washington -- here we come Even cities where hotel prices increased this year are experiencing a lull between the holidays . Prices for San Francisco hotels have jumped 22 % over 2010 , due to convention bookings and domestic and European visitors , says Hotwire.com 's Clem Bason , president of the Hotwire Group . But rates for the first few weeks in December are down by about 10 % from peak prices , according to Hotwire . The nation 's capital is almost always busy doing the people 's work , so hotel prices tend to remain high in good times and bad . However , government also slows down around the holidays . Prices in Washington are down about 15 % from peak rates , according to Hotwire . "  We love sending people to D.C. when the weather is OK because there are so many free attractions in the area , " says Bason . "  You can see a lot of our nation 's history for free . " Portland 's perks Portland , Oregon , has a "  Portland Perks " winter special designed to lure travelers to this food-obsessed and environmentally green Oregon city : $ 50 cash received upon check-in , free overnight parking , complimentary continental breakfast for two and a Portland Perks coupon book . This offer at select hotels requires a two-night minimum stay and is valid for travel from November 1 to December 30 , 2011 . Set sail for the Caribbean With many cruise ships already committed to trips to the Caribbean this month , cruise lines are dropping prices on any remaining empty rooms , says Amy Chlebeck , a travel consultant with Minneapolis-based Carlson Wagonlit Travel . Cruises departing Miami or Fort Lauderdale for three - to 10-day trips are available . Check with your favorite cruise line if you 've sailed before . Travelers who are n't familiar with the different cruise lines may want to hire a travel agent to help sort through the options , says Chlebeck . Some cruises cater to singles , while others target families or older couples . And some ships have better food than others . Shop until you drop If we ca n't convince you to take a break from the holiday frenzy , how about a trip that takes care of your shopping needs ? For travelers looking for cold weather , Minnesota may also offer the opportunity to play in the snow . You might not even need to rent a car when booking a Mall of America travel package . Hotels near the enormous Bloomington , Minnesota , mall often offer transportation to and from the Minneapolis-St . Paul airport and the mall . Check individual hotel offers at the Mall of America website .	The average American worker does n't use about six paid vacation days annually Napa Valley hotels are celebrating the end of harvest with discounted winter rates Hotel perks include free wine , overnight parking and spa discounts
London  CNN  If you 're hunting for the earliest galaxies and clues about potential life on other planets you are going to need a very big mirror and a golf ball of gold . They are both necessary for the construction of The James Webb Space Telescope  JWST  , intended as the successor to the Hubble instrument that has been operating in space for 25 years . It 's going to be a tough act to follow . Hubble has returned spectacular images during the past quarter century but also helped scientists discover that almost every galaxy has a massive black hole at its heart and that the expansion of the universe is speeding up . But there are limits to how far it can see . Now scientists are working on an alternative way to peer into the past and search space for signs of life with JWST -- scheduled to launch in October 2018 on an Ariane 5 rocket from French Guiana . NASA spokesperson Lynn Chandler told CNN that the mission was like opening up the curtains on the universe and peering inside . "  Hubble rewrote the text books and we 're planning to rewrite the text books again , " she said . "  JWST will answer the questions which at the moment we ca n't think to ask . " The Webb telescope is a big probe . Hubble is about the size of a school bus but JWST is as big as a tennis court . There is n't a rocket currently capable of carrying that so as Chandler explained : "  It has to be folded up like a flower and then unfurled like a transformer . " Named after James E. Webb , a former NASA leader , JWST is being designed to study the first stars and galaxies that formed in the early universe . NASA says that to see these objects the telescope will have to detect objects which are 10 to 100 times fainter than Hubble can currently see . Instead of studying visible and ultraviolet light like Hubble , the JWST will work in the infra-red spectrum , allowing scientists to detect more distant targets . The new telescope requires a huge mirror of 25 square meters  about 270 square feet  -- and a golf ball of gold  about 48 grams or 1.7 ounces  to optimize it for infra-red light . It is then coated with glass . But technology like this does n't come cheap . According to NASA , the mission , which is in collaboration with the European Space Agency  ESA  and the Canadian Space Agency  CSA  and involves a total of 14 countries , will cost $ 8.5 billion . NASA says that the project has four main goals -- namely , to search for the first galaxies formed after the Big Bang , find out how galaxies evolved , observe the birth of stars and planets and investigate the potential for life on other planets Scientists hope the telescope will be able to tell us more about objects that formed 13 billion years ago -- about 700-800 million years after the Big Bang . But closer to home , scientists also believe the new telescope will able to detect planets around nearby stars . NASA says JWST should be able to operate for between five and 10 years , restricted only by the amount of fuel it has to maintain orbit and the ability of the electronics to stand up to the harsh space environment . Opinion : Why astronomy counts on Earth	Hubble has helped make major discoveries but there are limits to how far it can see into space The James Webb Space Telescope will work in the infra-red and be able to see objects that formed 13 billion years ago Scientists also believe the new telescope will be able to detect planets around nearby stars
CNN  -- Pucks will fly as soon as next weekend if National Hockey League players ratify a collective bargaining agreement that won a seal of approval Wednesday from the league 's board of governors . League officials hope for a truncated 48-game regular season to start January 19 if the 700 NHL athletes approve the pact . They are expected to complete voting by Saturday . The deal , reached Sunday with the NHL Players ' Association , may end the three-month lockout and could salvage the second half of the season and the Stanley Cup playoffs . Jeremy Jacobs , owner of the Boston Bruins and chairman of the National Hockey League Board of Governors , announced ratification of the deal by the body . "  This great game has been gone for far too long , and for that we are truly sorry , " Jacobs said in a statement . NHL Commissioner Gary Bettman said Sunday the "  basic framework " of a deal was agreed upon after a 16-hour negotiating session at a Manhattan hotel . The NHL scrapped its preseason and all games through the end of 2012 after its contract with the players expired on September 15 , with no agreement between the two sides . There were 526 games , nearly 43 % of the season , scheduled from the start of the regular season on October 11 through December 30 , the NHL said . Sports Illustrated has tracked the intricacies of the talks and flashpoint issues , and argued that the NHL is "  in dire need " of a new way of handling labor relations . A similar labor dispute canceled the entire 2004-05 NHL season .	League 's board of governors OKs deal ; now players will vote If approved , the agreement would end a three-month lockout Truncated 48-game season could begin next weekend
The Secret Service is stretched "  beyond its limits " and needs more training , more staff and a director from outside its ranks -- and the White House needs a better fence -- an independent review has found . An eight-page executive summary of the report , produced by a panel of four outside experts appointed by the Department of Homeland Security , was released Thursday . The report said the congressional budget process has left Secret Service directors guessing how much more they might be able to squeeze out of appropriators each year and building their plans around that -- without looking at "  how much the mission , done right , actually costs . " It said the Secret Service likely needs a funding bump , and that its handling of its budgetary process has led to fewer and fewer hours for training . The average special agent on the President 's protective detail received just 42 hours of training in 2013 , while its Uniformed Division officers got an average of just about 25 minutes of training each , the report said . "  Providing more time for training requires increased staffing , but the Secret Service needs more agents and officers even beyond the levels required to allow for in-service training , " the report said . "  The President and other protectees can not receive the best possible protection when agents and officers are deployed for longer and longer hours with fewer and fewer days off . " Interim Secret Service director testifies on agency 's failures The White House also needs a new fence , the panel said . It recommended that the 7.5-foot fence be at least four or five feet taller , without horizontal bars that make for easy hand and footholds and with its top curved outward . "  Any of these adjustments , the panel is certain , can be made without diminishing the aesthetic beauty or historic character of the White House grounds , " the report said . More important , the panel said , is the Secret Service 's leadership . It recommended that the director "  come from outside the service " who is "  removed from organizational traditions and personal relationships " can make the kind of top-to-bottom overhaul of the group that the panel said is necessary . Opinion : Do we want a fortress White House ? The panel said it heard from both the 50 Secret Service members and 120 outside officials it interviewed that the service is too "  insular " today . "  From agents to officers to supervisors , we heard a common desire : More resources would help , but what we really need is leadership , " the report said . Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson had tapped the panel to conduct a broad review of the Secret Service after a Sept. 19 incident in which a man climbed the fence , ran across the north lawn and ran into the White House before agents stopped him . The review was conducted by Tom Perrelli , a former associate attorney general ; Mark Filip , a former deputy attorney general ; Danielle Gray , a former cabinet affairs secretary ; and Joseph Hagin , the former White House deputy chief of staff for operations . How the Secret Service could beef up White House security Johnson called the panel 's recommendations -- detailed in an executive summary made public on Thursday -- "  astute , thorough and fair . " "  It is now up to the leadership of the Secret Service and the Department of Homeland Security to ensure that all the recommendations are carefully considered , " Johnson said in a statement . "  In fact , some of the panel 's recommendations are similar to others made in past agency reviews , many of which were never implemented , " he said . "  This time must be different . "	An independent review of the Secret Service has found that it needs more training and more staff The review said the service is too insular and needs a director from outside its ranks It also recommended a taller White House fence , with its top curved outward
New Delhi , India  CNN  -- After harsh criticism and controversy , the 2010 Commonwealth Games began Sunday in New Delhi with a lavish opening ceremony . Jawaharlal Nehru Stadium gleamed with multi-colored lights as representatives from Commonwealth countries walked the length of the field by turns , waving their flags and wearing traditional native costumes . It 's the first time India has hosted the international sporting event between countries of the former British Empire . The games , held every four years , include many Olympic events as well as other sports played traditionally in those countries . Are you in India for the games ? Share you photos and videos Britain 's Prince Charles and Indian President Pratibha Devisingh Patil officially declared the games open . Prince Charles was representing his mother , Queen Elizabeth . As the spotlight shines on the country , a team official of the nation 's bowling team was suspected of having dengue fever , a mosquito-borne viral disease . Ruptu Gogoi is undergoing tests and the doctor will get the results Sunday evening , said Dr. Om Bharti , who was on duty at GB Pant hospital . Despite the setback , the event began as planned . Excitement filled the air in New Delhi after days of fears that India simply would not be ready in time . Athletes had expressed alarm over the poor condition of their village . Others charged shoddy construction and slammed the government for corruption . The games give India an opportunity to promote a shiny image as an emerging power . The government spent billions on a new international airport , additional metro lines and fresh landscaping along dingy Delhi roads . Still , India remains a country with millions of poor people , who feel brushed aside as the new India tried to put its best face forward . People like Shanti , a 65-year-old beggar , who said she was detained by police for sitting on the side of a street , where she always sits , hoping that passers-by will drop a few coins in her hands . Or Mala Mangla , who sells balloons on the streets . She said police have told her to disappear for at least a month . India , they said , was trying to hide them from foreign visitors . They said beggars have been warned to stay off the streets . So have vendors and children who are commonly seen going from car to car begging . And shanties have been torn down . "  There has been a very strong movement by the government . . to get rid of the filth and to portray the beautified and shining India , " said Maushmi Basu , a migrant worker activist . Police and government officials contacted by CNN did not return calls . The Indian government maintains that it respects the rights of the poor . But there are also laws against begging and putting up structures without proper permits . The games have been a tough act for a nation that has never hosted such a large international event . Parliament has been forced to deal with accusations of corruption in the planning of the games . Two weeks ago , gunmen fired on a tourist bus in New Delhi and injured two Taiwanese tourists . A car blaze turned out to be a crudely manufactured bomb . And a militant group warned that it planned to target the games . Indian law enforcement authorities responded with a heightened security plan , placing thousands of extra forces on the streets of the capital . If all that were n't enough , two days before athletes were scheduled to begin arriving , complaints rang out across the globe about their shoddy living quarters . "  You know , construction dust is still there , filth , excrement , it really is disgusting in parts and it really requires a professional deep clean throughout the entire complex , " said Michael Hooper , chief executive officer of the Commonwealth Games Federation . As if to amplify Hooper 's complaint , a pedestrian bridge leading to Nehru stadium collapsed that same day . India 's image was slipping faster than a rocket . Two world-class athletes canceled their trips , citing security and health concerns . Entire teams threatened to do the same , while others delayed their arrival date . Indian officials went to work on a massive clean-up effort . In the end , athletes from 71 countries showed up and have settled in . India still wants to make a lasting impression on its visitors . Delhi Chief Minister Sheila Dixit said she hoped the Commonwealth Games would leave a legacy that will ultimately make life more comfortable for the residents of India 's sprawling capital -- rich and poor . Organizers certainly hope that with opening ceremonies Sunday , the glow will wipe out the gloom . CNN 's Moni Basu contributed to this report .	Commonwealth Games kick-off with lavish ceremony Whole national teams had threatened to pull out of the huge sports event New Delhi 's poor say police have ordered them out of sight The games are a chance for India to shine on the global stage
CNN  -- English football club Liverpool apologized Sunday after an opposing team 's player complained of being abused by supporters . Oldham 's on-loan defender Tom Adeyemi was visibly upset after an incident during Friday 's FA Cup third-round tie at Liverpool 's Anfield ground . A statement on the club 's website read : "  Whatever the outcome of what is now a police investigation , all of us are deeply sorry for what happened on Friday night and players and our club pass on our sincere regrets to Tom Adeyemi for the upset and distress he suffered as a result of the matter at hand . " Merseyside police arrested a 20-year-old man from Aintree on "  suspicion of a racially-aggravated public order offense " and he was bailed Sunday . Liverpool striker Luis Suarez was last month banned for eight matches for racially abusing Manchester United defender Patrice Evra , and his club made a big show of publicly defending the Uruguay international before finally accepting the punishment earlier this week . Chelsea and England captain John Terry has been charged by police for allegedly racially abusing Queens Park Rangers player Anton Ferdinand , and will face a court case in February . Before the arrest on Saturday , former Oldham player Reuben Hazell claimed on social networking website Twitter that it was a matter of racial abuse . "  After the game I went into the Oldham dressing room to catch up with my old mates and spoke to Tom Adeyemi directly about what the altercation with the fan was all about . He said he was racially abused by the fan . This is FACT , " wrote Hazell , who now plays for Shrewsbury in the fourth division , one below that which Oldham competes in . Adeyemi , who has Nigerian ancestry , is on the books of his hometown team Norwich but the 20-year-old has yet to establish himself at the Premier League side . His loan at Oldham is due to expire this month , and he spent last season with fourth division Bradford . Oldham captain Dean Furman said Adeyemi 's treatment during the 5-1 defeat at Liverpool was unacceptable . "  He was abused and I 'll leave it to Tom and the police to investigate that , " Furman told BBC Radio Manchester . "  What happened should not happen in the game . It has been highlighted over the last few months and it is an absolute disgrace . " In a separate development , a 21-year-old man was charged Saturday with racially abusing former Premier League star Stan Collymore on Twitter . Collymore , 40 , played for a number of top clubs , including Liverpool and now works as a broadcaster and football pundit . He also campaigns publicly against racism . Northumbria Police said Joshua Cryer , of Jesmond , Newcastle , was charged with "  a Section Five racial public order offense and a Section Five public order offense . " He was bailed to appear before magistrates on Monday January 23 .	Liverpool apologize to opposing player abused in FA Cup tie Man arrested following incident at Anfield bailed by Merseyside police Liverpool Friday accepted Luis Suarez 's punishment for racially abusing an opponent Man charged with racially-abusing Stan Collymore on Twitter
Washington  CNN  -- A federal appeals court in Washington Thursday struck down the Texas voter ID law requiring photos for voters at the polls , calling it racially discriminatory . The decision is a major victory for the Obama administration and its Democratic allies , which had challenged the law . Texas Attorney General Greg Abbott promptly announced the state will appeal the ruling to the Supreme Court . Republican Gov. Rick Perry signed the voter ID measure into law last year , but it had yet not gone into effect because the federal Voting Rights Act requires changes in Texas voting laws to be pre-cleared by the U.S. Justice Department . Attorney General Eric Holder denied the pre-clearance of the measure in March , concluding that Texas failed to show the law will not have "  the effect of denying or abridging the right to vote on account of race . " The three-judge panel agreed . Although the law provides for approved voter registration certificates with no photo as acceptable for voting in certain circumstances , the court said the law imposes "  strict unforgiving burdens on the poor . " The court noted the requirements will fall heavily on African-Americans and Hispanics , who make up a disproportionate percentage of the poor in Texas . The panel of judges for the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia also said it was ruling only on the Texas law , and not issuing a statement about other state voting laws . It noted the Justice Department had approved a Georgia voter ID law in which the state promised to provide free photo ID cards to citizens who request them . Eric Holder defends opposition to proposed Texas voter ID law Holder praised the court 's decision Thursday . "  Under the proposed law , many of those without the required voter identification would be forced to travel great distances to get one -- and some would have to pay for the documents they might need to do so , " said a statement from the attorney general . Holder also repeated his assertion that the law would discriminate against minorities . Abbott , meanwhile , said Texas will immediately take the case to the nation 's highest court , where "  we are confident we will prevail . " He said the Supreme Court had already approved similar ballot integrity safeguards passed in Georgia and Indiana . The ruling comes as another three-judge panel in Washington is hearing arguments this week on a similar law passed in South Carolina . Republican-dominated legislatures say such laws are designed to eliminate voter fraud . Democrats claim there is no voter fraud issue , and that the laws are designed to reduce voting by poor minorities . "  Chalk up another victory for fraud , " said Gov. Perry , in a statement on his website . "  Federal judges subverted the will of the people of Texas and undermined our effort to ensure fair and accurate elections . The Obama administration 's claim that it 's a burden to present a photo ID to vote simply defies common sense . I will continue to work with Attorney General Abbott to fight for the same right that other states already have to protect their elections . " The Texas law said those who are 65 or older , disabled or expect to be absent on Election Day may vote by mail without presenting identification . Earlier this month , a state court in Pennsylvania approved a voter ID law requiring photo identification at the polls . Court rips Texas redistricting plan as discriminatory	NEW : Texas will appeal the decision to the Supreme Court The Texas law required all voters to show photo IDs at the polls The federal court found the law was racially discriminatory Several other states have passed or are considering similar voter ID laws
CNN  -- Women have finally arrived . From Washington to Wall Street to Twitter , writers , academics , and business leaders are pointing to the empowerment of women as key to many of the world 's greatest challenges . They 're publicizing the research and amplifying hard facts , like the fact that when women have equal access to agricultural resources , 100 million to 150 million fewer people will go hungry . Or that when women participate equally in the workforce , the GDP in the U.S. the eurozone , and Japan will experience a double-digit spike . And while there 's no perfect metric for the popular perception of "  girl power , " a 2010 Pew study found widespread public support for women 's equality in virtually every nation . The excitement over women 's potential and progress is warranted . But there 's still a large and disappointing disconnect between research and reality . Girls and women do indeed perform 66 % of the work and produce 50 % of the world 's food . But they earn only 10 % of the world 's income and own a dismal 1 % of its property . And women everywhere experience less access to credit , training , technology , markets , role models , and protection under the law . Girls and women may keep the world running , but someone else is still running the show . So if women have indeed "  arrived , " despite key indicators showing continued widespread inequality , where exactly have they landed ? All signs point to girls and women at a tipping point . With leaders finally paying attention to their issues , women are miles ahead of where they once were . But they are also far from where they need to be . And women wo n't get past the tipping point and onto a level economic playing field until we all ensure that their economic empowerment is a sustainable path forward rather than a fad or figment of the global imagination . Leaders across various sectors must approach girls and women as actors who drive solutions , not just as beneficiaries who receive their results . We need a shift in strategy and investment to help women around the world to mobilize themselves and their communities . The moment is ripe for action . Mid-September is the geopolitical busy season , and leaders from around the globe have descended on Manhattan for the U.N. General Assembly , the Clinton Global Initiative , and other global meetings , where girls and women will undoubtedly be a hot topic . For the first time , this game of empowerment has all the cards stacked on the right side : The relevant players , from corporations to governments and nongovernmental organizations , are beginning to recognize that it 's time to "  invest in women . " Some already are . Members of the Clinton Global Initiative are promoting innovative solutions . Through its Personal Achievement and Career Enhancement program , retailer Gap Inc. helps female garment workers build both life and technical skills , offering managerial and financial literacy training so that they can advance in the workplace . And that will help them make progress in their careers and lives . Through P.A.C.E. 's partnership with the Washington-based research institute the International Center for Research on Women and local NGOs , 7,600 women have completed the P.A.C.E. program in seven countries . Unilever is putting women in the driver 's seat as well , boldly pledging to make more than half of its senior management team female by 2015 . With women controlling nearly $ 12 trillion of the overall $ 18.4 trillion in global consumer spending , it 's just good business sense for a global consumer goods company to guarantee itself a leadership that reflects its consumers . Leaders can also look to the approach taken by the Secretary 's Office of Global Women 's Issues in the U.S. State Department , which is integrating initiatives for women 's advancement into the United States ' foreign policy and the duties of every U.S. diplomat abroad . And it has built partnerships with the private sector to mentor and train thousands of women who own small and medium-sized businesses in Africa , Latin America and elsewhere around the world , to combat gender-based violence , and to provide prenatal education to mothers in developing countries . If the world is truly to mine the untapped potential of women , and bring greater social and economic progress to our societies , then all sectors of society -- government , business , civil -- must work together . Not just because women will reap the benefits , but because everyone stands to benefit . None of us will truly arrive until girls and women leap over the tipping point , too . Follow CNN Opinion on Twitter . Join the conversation on Facebook . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Melanne Verveer and Penny Abeywardena .	Melanne Verveer and Penny Abeywardena : Empowering women will help the world They say research shows that women perform more of world 's work but earn far less than men They say Clinton Global Initiative promotes partnering with companies to lift up women Writers : All sectors of society must work to integrate women for social and economic gains
CNN  -- Long before he was accused of murder , Oscar Pistorius was toasted the world over for his triumph over a disability . His lightning running speed -- which took him all the way to the Olympics despite using carbon legs -- attracted sponsorships worth millions . But as his murder trial dragged on , his popularity plummeted and sponsors abruptly dropped him . Now that a judge has found him guilty of negligent homicide , what 's next for the man known as the Blade Runner ? When will he be sentenced ? Judge Thokozile Masipa granted him bail Friday , and set sentencing for October 13 . Sentencing is not a one-day affair in South Africa . The prosecution wanted him held without bail , saying he sold his immovable assets , and that makes him a flight risk . The judge disagreed . Will he return to competitive running ? Though he has been running during the trial , he has not been involved in any competitions . He 's said he runs because it relaxes him and gets his mind off things . It 's unclear if he will return to competitive running . He is known to be a fierce , passionate competitor -- driven by a need for speed and adrenaline . Has he reached out to Reeva Steenkamp 's family ? Pistorius says he 's tried to , but her family is not ready to talk to him . Her mother , June Steenkamp , has confirmed that . During the trial , he tried to reach out to them , her mother said . Pistorius ' sister , Aimee , also tried to pass a note to Steenkamp , but she shunned it . "  It wo n't bring my daughter back , " she told the Daily Mirror . "  We just want to know the truth . " On Friday , the second day of the verdict , Pistorius made another attempt at greeting her relatives in court . What about his sports endorsements ? Pistorius had coveted endorsements both overseas and in his home country . With his negligent homicide conviction , they probably wo n't be coming back . His most prominent sponsor was Nike , a deal reportedly worth about $ 2 million and signed in 2012 . But it also turned into a liability during his murder trial . Nike 's ad referred to him as "  the bullet in the chamber , " words you do n't want associated with you when you 're accused of shooting your girlfriend to death . Nike dropped him in February of last year . Others followed suit , including M-Net Movies . The South African TV channel had featured him in an ad campaign . How much time is he facing ? There 's no legal maximum  or minimum  sentence for culpable homicide , said Kelly Phelps , a CNN legal analyst . A typical sentence is five to eight years . But it is a principle of South African law that the sentence should be tailored to the culprit as a whole person , as opposed to the crime . That makes predicting a sentence difficult . Will he get special treatment in prison ? If observation is anything to go by , the double amputee may be put in the same area as the general population -- even blind prisoners are placed with sighted prisoners in South Africa . But , ahead of his release on bail last year , the African National Congress Women 's League said the athlete benefited from special privileges , adding that his family could visit him outside visiting hours , unlike relatives of other inmates . Can both sides appeal ? Pistorius can appeal the verdict or the sentence , potentially to the supreme court and even eventually to South Africa 's constitutional court . But the state can appeal only if it believes the judge has misinterpreted the law in reaching her verdict . The right to appeal depends on whether , based on the facts of the case , the initial judge or magistrate believes a different court could possibly reach a different verdict . South Africa 's highest court , known as the constitutional court , was once just for cases regarding constitutional matters , but a recent act of parliament broadened its responsibilities . CNN 's Emily Smith and Richard Greene contributed to this report .	Pistorius has reached out to Reeva Steenkamp 's family His sponsors cut ties with him after the killing
CNN  Way to put your thing down , flip it and reverse it , Missy Elliott ! According to Mashable , the singer/rapper/producer has returned to the charts after her performance during Super Bowl XLIX on Sunday . Elliott joined main performer Katy Perry on stage at halftime and performed a medley of some of her hits , much to the delight of fans . Those same folks apparently rushed to iTunes to download Elliott 's music . Eight of her songs cracked the iTunes top 200 chart , including 2002 's "  Work It , " 2001 's "  Get Ur Freak On " and 2005 's "  Lose Control . " Those songs also electrified Spotify . Streams of Elliott 's music increased a whopping 676 % , the music service reported . Elliott also won the Internet if the tweet love is any indication ; even fellow celebrities had fan moments . Elliott released her last album in 2005 and three years later went public with her battle with Graves ' disease , an autoimmune disorder that affects the thyroid . On Monday , she took to Twitter to express her gratitude for the outpouring of affection . But not everyone remembered the glory days of the trash bag outfit being "  Supa Dupa Fly . " Some viewers hailed the "  new artist , " a move reminiscent of recent tweets celebrating Paul McCartney as "  one to watch " after he released a song with rapper Kanye West . Elliott does n't mind people just now discovering her . Looks like it wo n't be a problem for long : Billboard reports the artist is on track to have a 1,000 % gain in sales for the week ending February 1 . CNN 's Sarah LeTrent contributed to this report .	The artist was a highlight of the Super Bowl halftime show Her sales have increased dramatically Elliott does n't mind that some think she 's a new artist
CNN  -- The oldest-known hominid skeleton was a 4-foot-tall female who walked upright more than 4 million years ago and offers new clues to how humans may have evolved , scientists say . This sketch shows what a 4 million-year-old hominid , nicknamed Ardi , may have looked like . Scientists believe that the fossilized remains , which were discovered in 1994 in Ethiopia and studied for years by an international team of researchers , support beliefs that humans and chimpanzees evolved separately from a common ancestor . "  This is not an ordinary fossil . It 's not a chimp . It 's not a human . It shows us what we used to be , " said project co-director Tim White , a paleontologist at the University of California , Berkeley . Ardipithecus ramidus , nicknamed "  Ardi , " is a hominid species that lived 4.4 million years ago in what is now Aramis , Ethiopia . That makes Ardi more than a million years older than the celebrated Lucy , the partial ape-human skeleton found in Africa in 1974 . Ardi 's 125-piece skeleton includes the skull , teeth , pelvis , hands and feet bones . Scientists say the data collected from Ardi 's bone fragments over the past 17 years push back the story of human evolution further than previously believed . "  In fact , what Ardipithecus tells us is that we as humans have been evolving to what we are today for at least 6 million years , " C. Owen Lovejoy , an evolutionary biologist at Kent State University and project anatomist , said Thursday . Analysis of Ardi 's skeleton reveals that she weighed about 110 pounds , had very long arms and fingers , and possessed an opposable big toe that would have helped her grasp branches while moving through trees . Ardi 's brain was believed to be the size of a chimp 's , but she also had many human-like features , such as the ability to walk upright on two legs . Her "  all-purpose type " teeth indicate that she probably ate a combination of plants , fruits and small mammals , scientists say . "  The anatomy behind this behavioral combination is very unexpected and is certain to cause considerable rethinking of not only our evolutionary past , but also that of our living relatives : the great apes , " said Alan Walker , professor of biological anthropology at Pennsylvania State University . Many scientists hypothesize that humans took a different evolutionary trajectory from those of chimpanzees , bonobos and gorillas . Ardi 's findings help challenge earlier beliefs that humans evolved from chimpanzees , their closest genetic relatives , scientists say . Researchers are still trying to pinpoint when the two lineages -- chimps and humans -- split from their common ancestor . Digging up the past has not been easy . Scientists stumbled upon the Ardipithecus fossil in 1994 when a graduate student found a single upper molar tooth . The rest of Ardi 's fossilized bones , sandwiched between layers of volcanic rock , took three years to be recovered and many more to be analyzed . "  In many ways , the discovery of Ardipithecus has been like a marathon , " White said . "  Ardipithecus ramidus and its prevailing anatomy revolutionize the way most of us understood the earlier part of our evolutionary history , " said team member Yohannes Haile-Selassie , paleontologist at the Cleveland Museum of Natural History . The Ardi findings are the work of 47 paleontologists and geologists representing 10 countries . The results will be published Friday in 11 articles in a special edition of the journal Science . Until now , Australopithecus , nicknamed "  Lucy , " was the oldest fossil studied by scientists seeking to explain human evolution . Lucy is believed to have lived about 3.2 million years ago in what is now Ethiopia . Many scientists credit Ethiopia with taking the lead in helping the world better understand the origins of humans . "  This finding points to a deeper sense of our -LSB- humans ' -RSB- interconnectedness , " Samuel Assefa , Ethiopian ambassador to the United States , said Thursday . "  We are all Ethiopians at heart . " Ardi 's skeleton resides in the National Museum of Ethiopia in Addis Ababa .	Researchers have unveiled a 4.4 million-year-old skeleton of a hominid female The fossil , nicknamed Ardi , may be the oldest hominid skeleton ever found It replaces Lucy , a much-publicized skeleton that dates back about 3 million years Scientists : Ardi suggests humans and chimps evolved from a common ancestor
CNN  -- Iceland and Sweden plan to take in about 200 Palestinian refugees from Iraq who have been living in refugee camps along the Iraqi-Syrian border , the U.N. refugee agency said Tuesday . More than two dozen refugees stranded at the Al Waleed refugee camp for the last two years will be headed to Iceland in the next few weeks , the agency said . In addition , 155 Palestinians in the Al Tanf refugee camp have been accepted for resettlement in Sweden , it said . Many Palestinians living in Iraq have gotten caught up in the violence that has engulfed the country since the U.S.-led invasion in 2003 and have had to flee their homes . The U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees said that out of the estimated 34,000 Palestinians who lived in Iraq since 2003 , about 10,000 to 15,000 remain . The UNHCR says about 2,300 Palestinians "  are living in desperate conditions along the Iraq-Syria border . " They are , the UNHCR says , "  unable to return to Iraq or to cross the borders to neighboring countries . " It says the Al Waleed camp has 1,400 people and Al Tanf about 900 . "  UNHCR has repeatedly called for international support for the Palestinians but with few results . Few Palestinians in the border camps have been accepted for resettlement or offered shelter in third countries ; 223 Palestinians left to non-traditional resettlement countries such as Brazil and Chile . "  Some urgent medical cases were taken by a few European countries , but this is a very small number out of the 2,300 Palestinians stranded in the desert , " the UNHCR said in a statement . It noted that Sudan has made an offer to take in some of those Palestinians , and said "  UNHCR and Palestinian representatives are finalizing an operations plan that will enable this to take place . " Refugees International recently asked the United States government to intervene and resettle the Palestinians in the United States instead of Sudan , which itself is engulfed in sectarian fighting and whose government has been condemned for atrocities . "  The Palestinians being resettled in Sudan is obviously not an ideal or preferred solution , " State Department spokesman Kurtis Cooper told CNN last month . "  But we accept the judgment of the UNHCR that it is preferable to the Palestinians continuing to be stranded in the border area in extremely dire circumstances . "	Some 200 Palestinian refugees from Iraq will go to Iceland , Sweden 2,300 Palestinians "  are living in desperate conditions along the Iraq-Syria border " Plans under way to send some refugees to war-torn Sudan
Wired  -- Twitter confirmed Tuesday evening that its microblogging site has been shuttered by Egyptian authorities . This came hours after widespread reports that access had been cut off , as Egyptians took to the streets in what many hope and some fear would be a sequel to the revolution in Tunisia last week . The day 's speculation that the Mubarak administration might have pulled the plug on Twitter underscored the power of the site and other social networks as tools to both coordinate and disperse news of a citizen uprising . Twitter , Facebook and YouTube were widely used in Tunisia 's recent uprising and in Iran last year . But it remains an open and hotly debated question about how much of a role these tools actually play in real-world social movements , with some critics rightly pointing out that it becomes tempting for analysts to give more credit to the new and sexy tools than they actually deserve . "  We can confirm that Twitter was blocked in Egypt around 8 a.m. PT today . It is impacting both Twitter.com @applications , " the company tweeted from the handle @twitterglobalpr . Earlier in the day , Twitter seemed unsure . "  We 're not experts on how Twitter is being used in highly developing situations 1000s of miles from our comfortable HQ in SF , " the company tweeted from the same handle . In a separate tweet , San Francisco-based Twitter added , "  the experts are those using Twitter on the ground and those coordinating with them around the world . " One of the leading authorities on Middle East censorship , who is based in Cairo , said in a telephone interview that his Facebook account was accessible but not his Twitter account . His ISP , he said , is TE Data , that nation 's largest internet service provider . The source , who requested anonymity for fear of retribution , said some Egyptians using the Nour ISP were getting access to Twitter . "  Twitter , it 's almost across-the-board inaccessible in Egypt , " he said . "  Given the size of the crowds we saw in the streets , I would n't be surprised the outage was from the government . There 's been calls to censor the internet here for ages . " ABC News reported from Cairo that Twitter was down and that as many as three people were killed as tens of thousands of protesters hit the streets demanding President Hosni Mubarak 's 30-year reign come to an end . Vodafone , using the handle @VodafoneEgypt , had tweeted "  no blocking from our side ! " It speculated that the outage may have been from "  overload . " Jillian York , who compiles a crowd-sourced ledger of unavailable websites across the globe for the Berkman Center for Internet and Society at Harvard University , said the center had received about a dozen reports of Twitter being inaccessible inside Egypt . "  We can not confirm for sure if twitter.com is blocked , " she said in a telephone interview early Tuesday . Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $ 1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT ! Click here ! Copyright 2011 Wired.com .	Twitter says its site is being blocked in Egypt Egyptians took to the streets in what could be a sequel to the recent revolution in Tunisia Twitter , Facebook and YouTube were widely used in Tunisia 's uprising and in Iran last year
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Piracy off the coast of Somalia ca n't be stopped until there is some authority to bring pirates to justice , according to the commander of the U.S. Navy 's Fifth Fleet , based in Bahrain . U.S. Vice Admiral William Gortney : Need to hold pirates off Africa 's east coast accountable . Because there is no working government in Somalia and no country is willing to take captured pirates , bring them to trial and detain them , there is no deterrent for pirates to stop attacking ships , Vice Admiral William Gortney said at a Pentagon briefing Thursday . "  The problem is there 's not a way to -- until we have a mechanism -LSB- to hold them -RSB- accountable and try them for their actions , there 's no way to -- to finish the problem , " Gortney said . The United States is making a deal with a country in the eastern Africa region to hold and try pirates captured by the U.S.-led Combined Task Force 151 , a new maritime anti-piracy mission started earlier this month . He said an official announcement would be made after the deal with the country is official . In the past three months , piracy attacks have averaged about 12 to 14 a month off the east coast of Africa . As of mid-January , the attack numbers are already at the average of the past three months , according to Gortney . "  That -LSB- number -RSB- should tell you that we 're not -- we 're not being 100 percent successful on the deterrence of the attempt . And that 's where we have to go after , " Gortney said . The United States is expecting other nations to join the anti-piracy task force , but at the moment , the United States is the only country in the task force with just three ships off of the waters of Somalia . There are ships from some European and Asian countries patrolling the waters independently as well , primarily guarding cargo ships from their own countries . Pirates attacked nearly 100 vessels and hijacked as many as 40 in the waters off the coast of Somalia in 2008 , according to the International Maritime Bureau . See how pirate attacks peaked in 2008 " Pirating off of Somalia has increased during the past four to five years as fishermen from Somalia realize that pirating is more lucrative than fishing . Additionally , pirates are able to get away with the crimes because of the lack of government and overall lawlessness in the country . Gortney said statistically the chances of ships being pirated off of Somalia less than one percent , but it wo n't be stopped until piracy is "  disincentivized . "	Gortney : No working Somali government , country willing to detain , try accused pirates U.S. currently only nation with ships dedicated to anti-pirate task force Asian , European nations have own ships independently patrolling region
CNN  -- What 's with this wacky weather ? It 's so cold in Florida that farmers joke the oranges are squeezing themselves to stay warm . But Alaska is so warm that a ski resort 's been forced to close . Add to this curious mix , giant waves in Hawaii , a historic drought in California , and bears coming out of hibernation in Nevada , and you ca n't help but wonder : What is going on with the weather ? To be sure , the United States is a giant place -- 3,000 miles wide from coast to coast . But even taking that into account , what you have here has to be at least a tad bit out of the norm . Right ? "  It 's not actually that unusual , " says Roger Edwards , a meteorologist with the Storm Prediction Center at the National Weather Service . Usually a few times each winter , the temperatures flip-flop where Tallahassee is colder than Anchorage . "  But , " he says , "  this one is more persistent than we normally see . " Northeast : Super bowled This whole weather system business is a balancing act . "  When there 's extremely cold air in one area , some other part is going to be warm , " says Edwards . Tell that to the folks in the Northeast who are still digging out from more than a foot of snow in some places and shivering with temperatures in the single digits -- a full 15 to 25 degrees below normal . On Tuesday , 10 inches of snow fell on MetLife Stadium , which hosts the Super Bowl in 10 days . It gave National Football League officials a chance to test their snow removal plan , affiliate NY1 reported . NFL officials say it will take 1,600 workers about 18 hours to clear the stadium and parking lots . "  The stadium operations staff along with NFL productions staff is running this as a dress rehearsal and we have people watching , and evaluating and grading , " said NFL Executive Vice President Eric Grubman . Dropping the  snow  ball on game day would be bad PR for the league . About 111 million Americans watched last year 's game . The extended forecast is n't providing much to be optimistic about though . "  The way the pattern is set up right now , there will be a series of cold air shots , " Edwards said . "  The basic pattern is going to stay this way for another week or so . " Alaska : Hit the ski  d  s Contrast that with Anchorage , Alaska , where Thursday 's forecast high will be around 45 degrees . A typical high would be in the low 20s . The seven-day forecast holds more of the same . Temperatures like that are bad news for the Alyeska Ski Resort which closed for the third time this winter . Rain fell Wednesday on an empty parking lot . "  Sometimes you get epic storms . If this was 10 degrees cooler , it would be one of those , " Eric Helmbrecht , the owner of Powder Hound Ski Shop , told CNN affiliate KTUU , trying to sound hopeful "  We will get snow and it will be fine . " Hawaii : Making waves Waves up to 50 feet high have been pounding the North Shore of Oahu -- the largest Hawaii 's seen since 2004 . "  It 's a spectacle . It 's incredible , " resident Daniela Power said . "  It 's so big and massive and powerful and it 's really a special thing to watch for sure . " What 's causing it ? A large storm with hurricane-force winds that 's sending a giant swell toward the island . The surf peaked overnight , the weather service said . Great news for surfers , right ? Not quite . At first glance , the tall waves would appear to offer a golden opportunity for participants in a big wave surf contest that was scheduled to take place Wednesday on Oahu . But the organizers have postponed the event . They say that although the waves are expected to be pleasingly large , the wind conditions are no good . California : No rain on the ranches Winter is California 's wet season . It 's the dead of winter now , but there no cloud in sight and nary a raindrop in the forecast . California 's facing perhaps its worst drought since record-keeping began a century ago , California Gov. Jerry Brown proclaimed this month . It 's pushed farmers and ranchers to their financial limits . There 's nothing on the ground for animals to eat . "  I borrowed money -- I hate to even say that -- but I recently borrowed money to buy hay , " says rancher Harold Kelly . "  Normally , it 'd be raining and we 'd have grass growing , " he says . "  The grass is basically all gone . " Nevada : Barely sleeping An unusual number of black bears are up and about in western Nevada . The winter there has been so abnormally warm and dry winter that the bears are done with their hibernation and headed out for food . The National Weather Service 's forecast for Incline Village , Nevada , for instance , calls for high temperatures heading to or well past 50 degrees for the next week at least , with nary of snow flurry in sight . It 's not just Nevada : Nearby Northern California is also seeing an abnormal number of black bears , with CNN affiliate KXTV showing images taken from Yosemite National Park and Lake Tahoe 's Heavenly Ski Resort . Healy said "  a disastrous winter " -- adding "  we need the snow " -- and relatively mild temperatures have thrown off some black bears . "  We documented this and , in the past 15 years , it occurs sporadically , " the spokesman said . "  A lot of it is dictated by the weather conditions . " And , as we know , this year it 's been all kinds of weird . CNN 's Steve Almasy , Greg Botelho , Carma Hassan , Sonya Hamasaki , Michael Martinez and Jethro Mullen contributed to this report .	An Alaskan ski resort gets rain instead of snow Large parts of the U.S. are 15 to 25 degrees below normal The National Weather Service says this is n't "  that unusual " Frost and freeze advisories stretch to South Florida
CNN  -- Foreigners are making a run to get out of volatile Libya , with thousands hustling to the Egyptian border and foreign governments scrambling to help their citizens . Around 12,000 people have crossed into Egypt from Libya , officials say , in an effort to flee the violence engulfing the North Africa nation . "  There is no security over there , " said Esat Abubakr , an Egyptian living in Benghazi said after he arrived in Sollum , Egypt . He described widespread violence and a climate of fear with no security . He said people drove to the border and then walked across . "  Every Egyptian I know is trying to come back to Egypt , " he said . Lt. Col. Raouf Ezzat , an Egyptian military doctor overseeing medical care of the fleeing people , said the army is permitting only Egyptian citizens and Libyans married to Egyptians to enter Egypt . But he said anyone wounded would be treated . "  Any patient that comes to me , whether Egyptian or Libyan , I will treat them , " he said , adding that any wounded Libyan who arrived at the border asking for help would be allowed to enter and be treated . Ten Egyptians with minor injuries arrived Tuesday from different parts of Libya , but authorities were expecting and preparing for large numbers of injured people . About 30 military doctors and 80 to 100 ambulances were stationed at the border , where an operating room was set up and 1,000 units of blood were en route . The French Foreign Ministry said that it had sent three planes to Libya to help repatriate French citizens and that its embassy in Tripoli was helping to get citizens to the airport . The Dutch military was responding as well . A Dutch Defense Ministry spokesman told CNN that "  a Dutch military plane has been authorized to land in Tripoli today to evacuate about 100 Dutch nationals " and a NATO commander said a Dutch frigate is heading there as well . Britain said its citizens who do n't have "  a pressing need to remain in the country should leave by commercial means if it is safe to do so . " Britain also "  is looking urgently into options for possible charter flights . " The government was advising Britons who want to leave Libya but ca n't buy tickets online "  to travel to the airport carrying sufficient cash to buy tickets . Problems with internet connections in Libya mean that electronic payments may not be accepted . " The United States was unable to move any Americans out of Libya on Tuesday , said State Department spokesman P.J. Crowley . "  We are working on this with Libyan authorities , " he said . The State Department issued a travel alert for non-essential staff to leave the country , an order affecting 35 employees and their families . There are other American citizens in Libya who might want to leave ; some of them might be employees of energy companies that have suspended operations . Of the several thousand U.S. citizens in Libya , most are dual nationals ; those solely with U.S. citizenship number about 600 , Crowley said . The U.S. State Department was not able to land charter aircraft in Tripoli to fly out U.S. citizens because Libyan authorities did not give permission for those aircraft to land , said a senior administration official not authorized to speak for attribution . The State Department was chartering ferries to take travelers from Tripoli 's As-shahab port to Valletta , Malta on Wednesday , the official said , adding , "  Tomorrow the question will be if they let the ferry dock . If that happens , our people will flow out . " Crowley said the airport in Tripoli remained open in "  challenging " circumstances . International carriers , he said , were making more seats available for departure . Oil companies , such as Total , BP , OMV and BP , said they would or planned to evacuate people some staff and families . Libya 's official Jana news agency reported that airport authorities said Libyan airspace was open to civilian aviation and was operating normally , contrary to the rumors broadcast by "  conspiring media channels . " One Air Malta official -- who declined to be identified in keeping with company policy -- said thousands were waiting at Tripoli 's airport for a flight out . British Airways and BMI flights in and out of Tripoli have been canceled . Both companies said they were monitoring the situation closely . The British Foreign Office confirmed the cancellations and said KLM also canceled its Tuesday flights . It said Turkish Airlines , Air Malta , Alitalia , Austrian and Egypt Air "  are operating flights but these are all full at present . " Air Malta said a Malta-bound flight finally left Tripoli International Airport after it had been delayed because of heavy congestion there . Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan said Turkey could n't land its planes and was sending a ship and two ferry boats for evacuations . "  Since there was no one in the control tower  at Benghazi airport  , landing was not allowed . It was also not possible to land in Tripoli , " he said . CNN 's Tim Lister , Foreign Affairs Correspondent Jill Dougherty , Carol Jordan and Adam Levine and Journalist Ian Lee contributed to this report	About 12,000 people have crossed into Egypt Many people are said to be at the Tripoli airport "  There is no security " in Libya , an Egyptian says
CNN  Up to 100 people are feared missing after two boats collided on the Congo River in the Democratic Republic of the Congo , the World Health Organization said Saturday . The collision happened Thursday morning but news of the disaster is only just emerging . Eugene Kabambi , a WHO spokesman in the country 's capital , Kinshasa , told CNN that the wreck occurred at a resort downstream of the town of Kwamouth , when an overloaded barge en route to Inongo collided with a boat carrying 150 people . "  We are searching for as many as 100 people in the Congo River as well as assisting these people with body bags , medical kit , " said Kabambi . "  One of the boats was totally destroyed and that is the one we believe was carrying the missing . " Kabambi said his team had been told Friday by the provincial minister of transportation and infrastructure that there were 100 passengers in total and that 42 people had been rescued . However , WHO believes the number of passengers to be close to 150 , based on survivors ' accounts . A WHO statement released Friday said three bodies had been recovered from the river so far . No passenger manifest was available so it 's difficult to establish the total number of people on board the privately owned vessel , it said . No one is thought to have been injured on the barge . The accident is believed to have been caused by powerful currents near the Ngobila rapids . According to WHO , which was awaiting a delivery of medical supplies and body bags to the area Saturday , overloaded barges and passenger boats frequently sink in the Democratic Republic of the Congo , on the Congo River and on the country 's lakes . This is usually owing to the age of the vessels and failure to follow rules of navigation .	WHO says an overloaded barge and a passenger boat collided near rapids According to survivors , close to 150 people were on board the boat Local officials say 42 people have been rescued ; WHO says three bodies have been found
CNN  Former Vice President Walter Mondale was released from the Mayo Clinic on Saturday after being admitted with influenza , hospital spokeswoman Kelley Luckstein said . "  He 's doing well . We treated him for flu and cold symptoms and he was released today , " she said . Mondale , 87 , was diagnosed after he went to the hospital for a routine checkup following a fever , former President Jimmy Carter said Friday . "  He is in the bed right this moment , but looking forward to come back home , " Carter said during a speech at a Nobel Peace Prize Forum in Minneapolis . "  He said tell everybody he is doing well . " Mondale underwent treatment at the Mayo Clinic in Rochester , Minnesota . The 42nd vice president served under Carter between 1977 and 1981 , and later ran for President , but lost to Ronald Reagan . But not before he made history by naming a woman , U.S. Rep. Geraldine A. Ferraro of New York , as his running mate . Before that , the former lawyer was a U.S. senator from Minnesota . His wife , Joan Mondale , died last year .	Walter Mondale was released from the Mayo Clinic on Saturday , hospital spokeswoman said The former vice president , 87 , was treated for cold and flu symptoms
CNN  -- Michael Clarke has big cricketing shoes to fill following the retirement of Ricky Ponting , but the Australia captain has already wiped out one of his predecessor 's records . Clarke beat Ponting 's leading mark of 1,544 runs scored in a calendar year by an Australian batsman , set in 2003 , as he made 106 on day two of the second Test against Sri Lanka . The 31-year-old posted his 22nd Test century -- still 19 behind Ponting -- and his first in Melbourne as the home team reached 440-8 at stumps on Thursday for a lead of 284 . "  It is nice to get that monkey off my back and get my first hundred here , " Clarke , who overcame a hamstring injury to start the match , told reporters after taking his total for 2012 to 1,595 . "  In regards to beating Ricky , in my eyes he was the greatest batsman I was lucky enough to play with , so to beat any record that Ricky holds is very special . " Ponting retired at the start of this month following the series defeat by South Africa , being Australia 's leading runscorer in all forms of cricket and the world 's second highest behind Sachin Tendulkar of India . In a calendar year , only Pakistan 's Mohammad Yousuf  1,788  , West Indian Viv Richards  1,710  and South Africa 's Graeme Smith  1,656  have scored more Test runs than Clarke . He might not get a second chance to bat in this match , with Australia in control . All-rounder Mitchell Johnson will seek to get the 27 runs he needs for his second Test century when he resumes his innings on day three . Clarke and Shane Watson had put on 194 for the fourth wicket as Sri Lanka lost pace bowler Chanaka Welegedara to a hamstring injury early in the day , before a mini-collapse saw the Australians slump to 315-6 . Watson was among those to fall , being caught in the deep for 83 -- meaning he has not passed three figures in the five-day game since October 2010 , despite registering 19 fifties in his 38 Test appearances . "  If he continues to play the way he played today and shows that patience and that discipline I have no doubt at all that he will score plenty of hundreds for Australia , " Clarke said . "  He showed a lot of discipline in his shot selection and even the ball he got out on , as his captain , I am not disappointed with . Nine times out of 10 that will go for four or six . " Johnson steadied the innings as he added 61 for the seventh wicket with Mike Hussey  34  and 58 for the eighth with Peter Siddle  13  before seeing out the day with Nathan Lyon  0  . Sri Lanka need to win the match to have any chance of winning the three-match series , having lost the opener by 137 runs . The tourists , who made just 156 in Wednesday 's first innings after winning the toss and deciding to bat , were left to rue dropping Clarke on the opening day and then giving Watson two lives on Thursday . "  We let them off the hook yesterday in the evening when we had them three wickets down and today before Clarke got into his stride and then Watson after that , " said batting coach Marvin Atapattu , a former skipper of the national side . "  If we had held on to those two it would have been different , but that is the way it goes and we have got ourselves to blame . " Meanwhile , Ponting has defended Australia 's rotation policy after first Test hero Mitchell Starc was rested for the Melbourne match , allowing Jackson Bird to make his debut . Starc took six wickets in Hobart , five of them coming in Sri Lanka 's second innings . "  A lot of the people that are talking about it , past bowlers in particular , have got no idea of the workload of some of the guys that are playing now , " Ponting said . "  Everyone in and around the Australian team is trying to do the best thing for Australian cricket . It 's all about trying to put the best and fittest bowlers on the park every time we can . "	Australia captain Michael Clarke sets new record for runs scored in calendar year Clarke hits 106 against Sri Lanka to pass Ricky Ponting 's national milestone of 1,544 Home side reach 440-8 on day two , with Mitchell Johnson on 73 , for overall lead of 284 Clarke scores his first Test century in Melbourne , while Shane Watson makes 83
CNN  -- The National Council of La Raza responded to accusations on Wednesday by critics such as conservative commentator Rush Limbaugh that the civil rights organization has not been vocal enough during the Trayvon Martin controversy . "  We really regret people trying to use this to divide blacks and Latinos , " said Lisa Navarrete , a spokeswoman for La Raza . "  It 's disturbing to us that Rush Limbaugh has this theory . The only time he apparently cares about what happens to a Latino is when they may have happened to kill a young African-American man . " In response to a caller on his radio program on Tuesday , Limbaugh suggested La Raza , the largest national Latino civil rights and advocacy organization in the United States , has not stood behind Zimmerman after it was publicized that he identified himself as Hispanic . "  You know , that 's an interesting point , " Limbaugh said in response to his caller . "  You 're right . I have n't heard a word from La Raza about this . " Outcry mounts ; answers sparse Limbaugh went on to criticize the group 's president , Janet Murguia , for not referencing Zimmerman as Hispanic in her sole commentary on the Trayvon Martin incident , which was released on March 22 . "  The fact that George Zimmerman is Latino is irrelevant to his actions , " Navarette , who is an adviser to Murguia , said in response to the criticism . "  Personally that 's the media 's fault . Everything has to fit into a narrative and a paradigm . Initially it was a white guy who shot a black kid . Now they 've split the difference , " she said . What the witnesses are saying "  Unfortunately , being Hispanic does not mean that you are n't capable of bigotry or discrimination , " Navarette said . "  It does not condone or preclude him  Zimmerman  from having acted in a discriminatory manner . " As for why La Raza has not been more vocal about the incident , Navarette said behind the scenes the group has been showing its support since the beginning , despite the perceived tensions between blacks and Latinos . Evolution of the hoodie Although La Raza has been largely out of the spotlight during the controversy , other Latino groups have stepped up to show their support . On March 20 , the Congressional Hispanic Caucus released a statement asking for the Department of Justice to pursue the matter as a federal hate crime . "  The Department of Justice is sending a message to the Martin family and to communities of color that our children 's lives have value and deserve equal protection under the law , " said Rep. Charlie Gonzalez , D-Texas , leader of the caucus . In Orlando , Navarette said one of the first people to reach out to the Martin family lawyer was Marytza Sanz , who is affiliated with La Raza and runs a Latino leadership nonprofit near Sanford . "  Look , there are tensions between our two communities , but it would be a further injustice if this incident was used to further that , " she said . "  We 've been in touch with Rev. Al Sharpton and Ben Jealous at the NAACP , and as this continues we 've offered our support to them . " La Raza said it supports the Department of Justice decision to "  rectify this situation " and said the group is waiting for "  all the facts to come out " before it makes further comments . "  We 're very supportive of accountability , " Navarette added . "  There 's no question that there 's a lot more to this than the police initially thought . "	Latino civil rights group criticized for silence by Rush Limbaugh Group says Limbaugh , others are trying to divide blacks and Latinos Spokeswoman : "  The fact that George Zimmerman is Latino is irrelevant to his actions "
CNN  -- Israel 's security can only be assured when its neighbors believe that it is no longer oppressing the Palestinian people but instead living in peace and harmony with them . The de facto strategy of past and present Israeli governments of seeking security through domination and by pushing Palestinians out of their homes , or allowing right-wing religious fanatics to create settlements throughout the West Bank to ensure that no Palestinian state could have contiguous parts , has not and can not work to provide safety for Israel . Israel 's fate and its well-being are intrinsically linked to the well-being of the Palestinian people . It 's time for the powerful to show generosity to the relatively powerless . So those in the U.S. and Israel who want Israel to be secure should welcome the Palestinian Authority 's decision to seek observer status as a nonmember state in the United Nations . The authority has agreed to return to negotiations with Israel without conditions once that status has been granted . The goal is creation of a state living in peace with Israel in borders roughly approximating those of the before than 1967 war , with minor border changes mutually agreeable through negotiations . So who opposes this ? Hamas , Israel and the U.S. Opinion : Palestinian move at U.N. wo n't solve anything Why Hamas ? Because Hamas ' strategy is to keep their area so powerless that the Palestinian people will turn away from support for the secular and peace-oriented and nonviolence-committed Palestinian Authority . So the last thing Hamas wants is for the Palestinian Authority to win popular esteem by being seen as having "  delivered " a real tangible accomplishment to the Palestinian people in the form of statehood . To the extent that even observer status is a step in that direction , powerful elements in Hamas want to undermine it . In fact , Hamas consistently tries to undermine the Palestinian Authority . That explains why it has been so unwilling in the past years to stop its war crimes against Israeli civilians by sending  thankfully , mostly inefficient  missiles toward Sderot and other parts of southern Israel . But even as they fall short of their targets , Hamas manages to create fear and trauma for millions of Israelis . Why Israel ? Because the Likud-Beiteinu dominated government does not want a Palestinian state to emerge that would limit the ability of the Israeli settlers to expand their hold on much of the West Bank . So while they sometimes talk about a two-state solution , they have in mind a tiny state that would not be economically or politically viable . Its strategy : Insist that it can not negotiate seriously with the Palestinian Authority on creation of a state because the authority can not control Hamas . With that reasoning , they ask how can Israel be expected to work with the authority on terms for a peace treaty that would actually be viable ? And then simultaneously , Israel strengthens Hamas in various predictable ways . Palestinian United Nations bid explained Its first move in this direction was to pull out of Gaza militarily without negotiating for the Palestinian Authority to take over control there , de facto leaving Gaza in the hands of Hamas . If the pull-out had been done in cooperation with the Palestinian Authority , there would have been no missiles and hence no "  proof " that giving up land to the Palestinians would only increase Israeli vulnerability . To keep any substantial Palestinian state from developing , the government of Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has managed , in the latest Gaza war  whose cease-fire is for the moment holding  to strengthen Hamas . It allowed Hamas to show that it can fight back against Israeli assault in contrast to the Palestinian Authority who , Hamas points out , has gotten nothing in return for the past five years of complete non-violence and security cooperation with the Israeli Army  IDF  . Netanyahu is not stupid , and this is an intended outcome . The shelling of Israeli sites killed five people . Israeli bombing killed 150 Palestinians . Yet the air raids and missiles aimed at Israel again stimulated the latent post-traumatic stress disorder among Israelis that leads so many to vote for right-wing parties against their own best interests out of fear of the Palestinian people , most of whom would like to live in peace with Israel . Palestinians told me when I visited a few weeks ago that the ongoing trauma of the occupation is so present it ca n't become post-traumatic  . Palestinians again take status case to U.N. . As long as Hamas is seen as the main face of Palestinians , even centrist and left-wing Israelis will support militarism rather than peace compromises . Why the U.S. ? The Obama administration gave a green light to Israel 's attack on Gaza , refused to support calls for an immediate cease-fire and has now joined Israel in opposition to upping Palestinian status at the U.N. . The most charitable explanation is the Obama team believes the Netanyahu government will never negotiate a reasonable deal with the Palestinians and so has turned its attention to trying to gaining leverage with Israel to stop it from dragging the U.S. into a war with Iran . And for that , it 's willing to ditch the Palestinian Authority , even though it certainly knows that the authority might soon collapse unless it can deliver something real for its people . In my recent book , "  Embracing Israel/Palestine "  North Atlantic Books , 2012  , I show that Israel will be safe when it becomes famous not for its power but for its spirit of generosity and open-hearted caring for the Palestinian people . I 've outlined how a Marshall Plan to eliminate poverty in Israel and the surrounding states would totally change the political dynamics and create the preconditions for lasting peace . A similar path would make the U.S. far more popular and far more powerful around the world . But this strategy of generosity will take a major paradigm shift in the consciousness of Americans and Israelis , and for the moment , that seems unlikely . But it 's worth fighting for . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Rabbi Michael Lerner .	Rabbi Michael Lerner : Israel can not achieve security by dominating Palestinians He says the powerful should show more generosity to the relatively powerless Israel , U.S. should support Palestinian move for nonmember state status at the U.N. , he says Lerner : Hamas serves Netanyahu 's aim of marginalizing the Palestinian Authority
CNN  -- One long , brutal year has passed since the Syrian people launched their revolution , demanding an end to the dictatorship of President Bashar al-Assad . Since then , the regime has killed at least 8,000 people , according to the U.N. , and it has sent the rest of the world a quiet but blunt message : You are fools . Fools because much of the world fell for , and even participated in , al-Assad 's manipulative , decade-long game in which he portrayed himself as a modernizer and reformer . But now we know what al-Assad really thought about reform . In his own , ultramodern shorthand : LOL . From the day he came to power in 2000 , al-Assad , a London-educated ophthalmologist , has used the media and massaged the egos of politicians to put forth the fiction that he would bring freedom and openness to Syria . But the charade started to come apart one year ago . If the massacres committed by Syrian forces on his behalf had not provided enough proof that the image was all fake , a new trove of private e-mails confirms just how far Western observers had missed the mark when they judged the lanky doctor-turned-dictator as one of the good guys . The Guardian obtained 3,000 e-mails from private accounts used by the president , under the address sam@alshahba.com, and his wife , Asma , as ak@alshahba.com . The Guardian says the e-mails , which were provided by a Syrian opposition source , are verified as real by many of its correspondents . They confirm that Bashar and his stylish , British-born wife are keenly tuned into the modern world . They shop extravagantly online and consume mass-market cultural fare such as Harry Potter , "  America 's Got Talent " and country music . Their e-mail discussions about shoes , jewelry , chandeliers and fondue pots , along with ideas about how to put down the uprising and how to spin the events for foreign audiences , occurred between June and February , as forces loyal to al-Assad slaughtered thousands of mostly unarmed protesters . In one e-mail , al-Assad laughs at democratic reforms . When his wife tells him she 'll come home early one day , he quips , "  This is the best reform any country can have that u told me where will you be , we are going to adopt it instead of the rubbish laws of parties , elections , media ... " Other e-mails show one of al-Assad 's media advisers , Shererazad Jaafari , whose father is Syria 's U.N. ambassador , helping arrange interviews with American networks such as ABC and dealing with CNN . Al-Assad joked with Hadeel al-Ali , one of his media consultants , while Arab League monitors were in Syria seeking to bring an end to the carnage . Al-Assad ridiculed the mission , sending al-Ali a YouTube parody of the violence that uses children 's toys . "  Check out this video , " he wrote . She responded with , "  Hahahahahahaha , OMG !!! " If there is any hint that al-Assad has any misgivings about the human cost of his political survival , it comes in an e-mail that attaches an iTunes download of a country song by Blake Shelton , with the lyrics written out for Asma : "  I 've been a walking heartache / I 've made a mess of me / The person that I 've been lately / Ai n't who I wan na be . " Al-Assad and his wife have been deftly playing international public opinion from the beginning . A Washington Post article in April 2000 , a few weeks before he became president , describes him as "  soft-spoken and congenial , a fan of Faith Hill and Phil Collins ... mapping his own path by trying to address the social and economic demands of the next generation . " Two months later , The New York Times explained that "  thanks to an orchestrated campaign in the state news media to credit him with fighting corruption and promoting a more open economy , Dr. Assad also is seen as a beacon of hope for a new , more relaxed Syria . " The image held for years , even if the reforms never quite arrived . In 2005 , the Bush administration withdrew the American ambassador to Syria , and European countries froze relations with Damascus for its role in the killing of former Lebanese Prime Minister Rafik Hariri . But the Obama administration and many in the Washington establishment and in Europe still believed that al-Assad was a closet reformer . As recently as April , Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said members of both parties "  believe he 's a reformer . " And Sen. John Kerry , who has met al-Assad about half a dozen times , said he expected that al-Assad would enact meaningful reforms . Over the years , al-Assad 's wife , Asma , cast a spell on the media . In February 2011 , Vogue magazine published a glowing spread about the fashionable first lady entitled "  A Rose in the Desert . " The article explained that "  In Syria , power is hereditary " but called the al-Assads "  wildly democratic . " Asma has always been key element of the propaganda effort . Former Bush administration official Flynt Leverett praised al-Assad , saying , "  I think who a man marries says a good deal about him . " The first lady , he said , "  is going to bring exposure to absolute world-class standards and practices in the globalized economy of the 21st century . " Clearly , Bashar and Asma al-Assad are creatures of the modern world . They watch YouTube videos , shop online and use secret e-mail pseudonyms . I bet they 're buying the latest iPads . But those in the West who believed that their modernity meant they would bring democratic reform got it all wrong . What their experience in the West taught them was not a love of democracy and human rights . Instead , it showed them how to manipulate the media and how to create an image that would let them rule by the old-fashioned ways of dictatorship : by imprisoning and killing opponents . Anyone who believed otherwise was taken for a fool . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Frida Ghitis .	The Guardian obtained e-mails from private accounts of Bashar al-Assad and his wife Frida Ghitis : The e-mails reveal that the Syrian president has been fooling the West all along She says that despite al-Assad 's embrace of Western culture , he 's a dictator Ghitis : Couple are creatures of the modern world ; they know how to manipulate the media
Washington  CNN  -- A strong earthquake in Virginia shut down a nearby nuclear power plant Tuesday afternoon and sent out seismic waves felt by millions from Georgia to northern New England . Three aftershocks were reported by Tuesday evening . No major injuries or extensive damage were reported after the 5.8-magnitude earthquake , which struck about 40 miles northwest of Richmond . The quake prompted evacuations of office buildings and the precautionary closing of monuments in the nation 's capital . A surge in calls by cell-phone users after the event affected service in many areas , federal officials said . Aftershocks of magnitude 2.8 and 2.2 were recorded later in the afternoon , followed by one of 4.2 just after 8 p.m. ET , officials said . More aftershocks are possible in the coming weeks . "  It 's one of the largest that we 've had there , " U.S. Geological Survey seismologist Lucy Jones said of the quake . Most federal buildings in Washington had reopened by late Tuesday afternoon , but officials were taking all precautions before giving the all-clear to some of its most iconic structures . The U.S. Capitol was cleared for employees to come back to get their belongings , but inspectors asked people to limit their time inside the building while engineers continue to work around the complex . A helicopter inspected the Washington Monument , and it was found to be structurally sound , the National Park Service said . But a secondary inspection revealed cracking in the stones at the top of the monument . Structural engineers on Wednesday will determine the best way to repair the monument before it is reopened , the agency said . The grounds have been reopened except for an area about 100 feet outside the plaza . U.S. Park Police spokesman David Schlosser said to his eye , the monument was "  clearly not leaning . It 's standing tall and proud . " The Lincoln and Jefferson memorials reopened Tuesday evening . Witnesses reported a number of buildings were evacuated as far away as North Carolina and New York , where a 5.8 earthquake struck in 1944 . The quake , which was recorded at 1:51 p.m. , was shallow -- just 3.7 miles deep -- and located 88 miles southwest of Washington near the town of Mineral , Virginia . The magnitude was initially reported as 5.8 , then revised to 5.9 , and then revised again back to 5.8 . With so many on the East Coast unaccustomed to earthquakes , many people were left wondering whether all that rumbling could have been caused by a truck , helicopter , an explosion or some other force . Kate Duddy was in an office building elevator in Manhattan , alone , when the shaking started . "  I have never felt a quake before . It was scary having no idea what the cause was , " she said . "  I felt the vibrations and the elevator stopped for a period of about five minutes . " The earthquake triggered the automatic shutdown of a nuclear power plant less than 20 miles from the epicenter after it lost electricity . The quake signaled "  unusual events " at 12 other nuclear facilities across the East Coast and Michigan , U.S. authorities reported . Dominion Virginia Power said both reactors at its North Anna plant shut down after the first tremors . Reidelbach said the plant vented steam , but there was no release of radioactive material . Dan Stoddard , senior vice president of nuclear operations for Dominion , said there was no damage to the spent fuel pool . Officials were restoring full power to the site , which was operating on diesel generators . Stoddard said that might happen by late Tuesday , but that was before the evening aftershock . The Nuclear Regulatory Commission was monitoring the plant . Relatively minor damage was reported in a few Virginia counties , including Louisa , nearest to the epicenter . Several school buildings had damage , as did town hall buildings , Louisa County spokeswoman Amanda Reidelbach told CNN . An unspecified number of minor injuries were reported in the county . Desi Fleming , a resident of Mineral in Louisa County , said the quake arrived with a rumbling "  that sounded like a train coming to a stop . " It knocked down two chimneys on the converted 1900-vintage home that now houses her parcel-shipping business . Tuesday 's incident occurred in a known seismic zone in central Virginia , said Dave Russ of the U.S. Geological Survey . But the strength of the earthquake was a bit surprising . A 5.9 event occurred in 1897 near Blacksburg , he said . At Washington 's National Cathedral , spokesman Richard Weinberg said three 5 - to 8-foot pinnacles had broken from the central tower . He said stone masons and engineers would assess the damage , which also included other pieces that broke and fell on the surrounding lawn . The building was evacuated and closed to the public . Wayne Clough , the secretary of the Smithsonian Institution , said the national museum 's landmark castle on the Mall had cracks in interior walls . There was no immediate indication of structural damage , but the 150-year-old building will need closer examination , he said . "  You want to do an inspection to be sure about that , " Clough said . Clough , who 's also an earthquake engineer , said the geography of the Eastern Seaboard helped transmit the shock from the Carolinas to New England . The underlying bedrock is largely a solid sheet , "  so you get a lot more travel out of earthquake waves than you would in California , " he said . Those waves extended to downtown New York , where court buildings were evacuated . "  I was trying to figure out what was going on , like everyone else , " said Manhattan District Attorney Cyrus Vance , who said he had been through many earthquakes when he lived in California . Mayor Michael Bloomberg said at an afternoon news conference that the earthquake was felt "  across the five boroughs " of the city , but there were no reports of injuries and "  virtually no reports of damage . " The quake was also reported to have been felt on the island of Martha 's Vineyard , where President Barack Obama was playing golf . He did not feel the earthquake , according to the White House . The earthquake slowed but did n't halt major transportation services . Service at major airports throughout the region was disrupted , but all were reported to have resumed normal operations about 75 minutes after the earthquake struck . At John F. Kennedy International Airport and Newark-Liberty International Airport , control towers were evacuated , the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey said . Amtrak on Tuesday evening said service between Washington and Baltimore had returned to normal speeds following inspections . In Spotsylvania , Virginia , Tish Walker said she was spooked and staying outside for the moment . "  I used to live in California , so I know shaking and this felt big , " she said . "  I grabbed my dog and raced outside ; my first thought is always that the furnace might explode or a cabinet crashes down on top of us . " CNN 's Vito Maggiolo , Chris Lawrence , Susan Candiotti , Dan Lothian , Joe Sutton , Jim Acosta , Larry Shaughnessy , Matt Smith , Sarah Aarthun , Carol Cratty , Phil Gast , Brian Todd , Dana Ford , Catherine Shoichet and Tom Watkins contributed to this report .	NEW : Amtrak says service operating normally between Washington and Baltimore Lincoln and Jefferson memorials reopen School buildings damaged in Louisa County , Virginia No major injuries are reported
Njideka Akunyili started college planning to be a doctor , but left as an artist and is now billed as one of New York 's most promising new talents . The 29-year-old Nigerian-born artist has just completed a year-long residence with the prestigious Studio Harlem in New York . All five of her works sold in the first half hour of this year 's Art Basel , the world 's top fair for modern and contemporary art and African style magazine Arise described her as "  fast becoming the art world 's newest star . " Akunyili was born and brought up in the small town of New Haven in Enugu , Nigeria , and moved to the United States for college at the age of 16 . Her work , a combination of drawing , painting , printmaking and collage , combines Nigerian and American culture . "  Nigeria is almost a third character in my work , " she said . "  A lot of my work is about investigating my love for Nigeria and my life in America . "  I met my husband at college and there was some anxiety that if I married outside my culture I would lose my identity , but there is a space in my work where these things come together . " Akunyili is hoping to help change attitudes to art in Nigeria , where she said appreciation is growing slowly . "  If I had n't left Nigeria , I would n't be an artist , I would be a doctor , " she said . "  When I told my parents I wanted to be an artist , they could n't get their heads around why an educated person who went to college in America would want to be an artist . "  If people think of artists , it 's somebody by the side of the road painting signs . " Also on Inside Africa : Arise magazine : Africa 's fashion bible She said many new Nigerian artists were successful internationally , but few were well known within the country . "  However , there is a new crop of creative Nigerians who are changing this and others will follow , " she said . "  I want to be part of that change . " She said the country had seen a "  cultural explosion " in the last 10 years in music , fashion , film and other creative industries . See hi-res gallery of Akunyili 's images "  When I was young , the less Nigerian you were the cooler you were , but now we have gone back to tradition , " said Akunyili . "  There 's a nice energy about the country that 's finally coming into its own . " Several of Akunyili 's works include images of a black woman and a white man -- dancing in a nightclub , in bed together and in a traditional Igbo wedding ceremony . Another shows a party at a neighbor 's house in the Nigerian town where Akunyili grew up . Read related : The African sculptures mistaken for lost Atlantis Akunyili won her residency immediately after graduating with a Masters of Fine Art from Yale University . She said : "  I noticed a lot of artists I like had done a residency at Studio Harlem , and I thought this could n't be a coincidence . I felt something really good was happening there . "  If I had a list of all the things I wanted , this residency was at the top . "  I applied towards the end of my year at Yale , but I did n't think I would get it because it was very competitive and a lot of people apply several times . "  I thought if it takes three times on average , I should start collecting my rejection letters . I was very surprised to get it first time . " The residency ended with a four-month exhibition , "  Primary Sources , " featuring Akunyili 's work alongside that of the two other Artists In Residence , Meleko Mokgosi and Xaviera Simmons . Also on Inside Africa : Leisure time in Lagos "  Getting the residency was a big game changer for me , " said Akunyili . "  I have friends who graduated with me who have made little or no work because they are working other jobs to pay the rent . "  The residency puts you on a platform for people to write about and talk about , and also puts you in touch with a lot of other artists . "  The show at the end is four months , and it 's allowed far more people to see my work than I ever thought would . "  Now it 's over I want to try and continue with the rigor of being in a studio every day . " Akunyili 's work has not yet been shown in her own country , something she would like to change soon . "  I want people to see that art is something you can do with your life , " she said .	Njideka Akunyili has just completed a year-long residency at Studio Harlem , New York She almost became a doctor , but switched interests during college Akunyili wants to show her work in Nigeria , the country she left at 16
CNN Student News -- June 29 , 2007 Transcript THIS IS A RUSH TRANSCRIPT . THIS COPY MAY NOT BE IN ITS FINAL FORM AND MAY BE UPDATED . CARL AZUZ , CNN STUDENT NEWS ANCHOR : Thanks for checking out our latest summer edition of CNN Student News , where today 's show , all about tech . I 'm Carl Azuz . A college professor has found a way for his students to listen to his lectures even when they 're not in the classroom . And we talk to students and experts to find out some of the ways technology is being used in schools . First Up : Gadget Gifts AZUZ : It 's better to give than to receive . You 've probably heard it a hundred times . But when that gift is for a techie , there 's a gaggle of gadgets to go through . So how do you know which present to pick ? Reynolds Wolf is here to help with the breakdown on some cool tech toys . BEGIN VIDEO CLIP REYNOLDS WOLF , CNN REPORTER : Are you searching for that perfect gift , but you are just a little bit stumped ? Well , no worries . Brian Cooley from CNET.com is here to help us out , steer us clear and hopefully give us some great ideas . And I know you have some great ideas for us . BRIAN COOLEY , EDITOR-AT-LARGE , CNET.COM : Look at these beauties . First of all , for gaming , you know the Nintendo Wii is hot , but you ca n't find one ? The Nintendo DS Light is a pretty good placeholder . The dual screen that it 's known for , they 've slimmed it down from its original DS . And of course that great legacy of all those great Nintendo games . And pretty cheep . For $ 130 or less you can get one of these . That 's very affordable . Check out this music player , Reynolds . It 's gon na be the next kind of iPod . It 's from SanDisk . It 's called the Sansa Connect . That little bump is a WiFi antenna . This can connect wirelessly to the Internet or to other devices like it to share music , download music and stream Internet radio . That is really the future of iPod-like devices . If you want to give a phone , but you also want to give a music player , this one does both . NOKIA 's 5300 Music Express is a great music player . It 's not an iPod , but it 's not bad . Transport controls and volume buttons out here tell you that it 's something different . And then for a camera , I like this very flat Sony T100 . It 's pocket-size , which is very hot these days . Nice slide-down door . 8 mega pixels , image stabilization and a great big screen for sharing photos . WOLF : Brian Cooley of CNET.com , thank you so much . COOLEY : You bet . END VIDEO CLIP Shoutout GEORGE RAMSAY , CNN STUDENT NEWS : Time for the Shoutout ! When did the first iPod debut ? If you think you know it , shout it out . Was it : A  1997 , B  1999 , C  2001 or D  2003 ? You 've got three seconds -- Go ! If you guessed C , you 've got the right tune . The popular portable players first made the scene in the fall of 2001 . That 's your answer and that 's your Shoutout ! Tech in the Classroom AZUZ : Whether it 's an iPod , Sony , Samsung or Zune , it seems like you ca n't go anywhere these days without seeing people plugged in to some type of MP3 player . And if you 're on a college campus , you might think students walking around with their ear buds in are listening to music . But do n't be fooled . They could just be studying up for class . BEGIN VIDEO CLIP AZUZ : Walk around any college campus and those famous white earplugs seem to be everywhere . But sometimes the playlist is n't quite what you 'd expect . Lectures on Computer Science instead of American Idol . Not so much Sum 41 as History 101 . Some teachers have used the audio iPod in their lessons , but at the Georgia Institute of Technology , Professor Jim Foley hopes to transfer his visual Web lectures to the video iPod . PROFESSOR FOLEY , USER INTERFACE DESIGN TEACHER : The students who did Web lectures earned grades that were about 10 % better -- we did that three years ago . AZUZ : As MP3 players become essential parts of students ' lives , they have the potential to rival the laptop as learning tools in the classroom . With a graduate student 's help , Foley records lectures before class , so that students can raise questions when they arrive . Students from Foley 's User Interface Design course say they find it valuable to review lectures when convenient . KATHY PHAM , STUDENT IN PROFESSOR FOLEY 'S USER INTERFACE DESIGN CLASS : It takes 15 minutes to walk from one side of campus to the other side of campus . And to be able just to download the mp3 to my iPod and just walk across campus , would be very beneficial . SCOTT GILLILAND , STUDENT IN PROFESSOR FOLEY 'S USER INTERFACE DESIGN CLASS : A lot of people ca n't get to a full desktop computer whenever they need to listen to the lectures , and it 's nice to be able to take them with you . AZUZ : Although students show enthusiasm towards MP3 players , there are limitations because they 're small . FOLEY : The screen resolution is smaller and navigating between pages will be a little bit slower than on the computer because on the computer I just use the mouse . With the iPod I have to use the scrollwheel and scroll around . AZUZ : Like the laptop , the MP3 player is a popular and revolutionary way to gather and disseminate information . Regardless of what teachers decide to use , players and laptops will remain allies . Besides , you need a laptop to operate an iPod and vice versa . END VIDEO CLIP Podcast Promo AZUZ : And if downloading lectures is n't enough , we 've got another cool thing you can do with an MP3 player : watch CNN Student News ! That 's right , you can download our Podcast at CNNstudentnews.com or at iTunes . So you wo n't miss out on the news when you 're on the go . Now and Then RAMSAY : With cell phones , thin is in . But you had to flex some muscle to handle its oversized ancestor . An iPod can hold your whole music library . But a vintage Walkman let you jam out one cassette at a time . Microchips keep getting smaller and smaller . But old school computers took up a lot more space . And game controllers have buttons for every possible move . But the retro version ? One button , one joystick , tons of fun . Learning with Technology AZUZ : It 's not just slimmer cell phones and smaller computers . Advances in technology are changing the world we live in all the time . And one of the places where those changes are taking place is schools . So we talked to some students and experts to hear what they have to say about teaching with tech . BEGIN VIDEO CLIP TRINA DAVIS , PRESIDENT , INTERNATIONAL SOCIETY FOR TECHNOLOGY IN EDUCATION : We started off , when we were first starting to integrate technology , kind of at that basic level . MATTHEW LEWIS , JUNIOR , GREENSIDE HIGH SCHOOL : We of course use laptops and computers . Each teacher is assigned a laptop . And also , we have computer labs and a media center with computers inside . DON KNEZEK , CEO , INTERNATIONAL SOCIETY FOR TECHNOLOGY IN EDUCATION : Certainly just dropping technology into a learning environment does n't necessarily improve it unless you are sure that the activities that you are doing align with the expectations that you have for learning . AMMARAH MAHMOUD , JUNIOR , SALEM HIGH SCHOOL : I think many careers today require for people to know how to use technology , so it 's important to learn that in school KNEZEK : So you ca n't convince me that a student without basic fundamental technology skills is on equal footing for employment . MAHMOUD : I do n't think schooling should be technology dependent , because I think that , at the same time , we should n't rely on something that does n't have a mind of its own . KNEZEK : You can certainly abuse technology . You can abuse the printed word . You can abuse access to external resources . Certainly if teachers and school leaders and parents use the same standards that they would use for any resource for technologies , then we 're in fine shape . LEWIS : I can see people in the future having something where you just scan , and all of your , you know , personal information comes up and everything about you can come up on a screen , and I think that 's really cool . DAVIS : Customization , very innovative , lots of gaming , lots of 3-dimensional spaces and just social spaces that feed on the needs of young learners . END VIDEO CLIP Goodbye AZUZ : And that is the last word in this special edition of CNN Student News . We 'll see you back here soon for our next summer show . And of course we thank you for watching everyone . I 'm Carl Azuz . E-mail to a friend	Get a glimpse at the next generation of gadgets How the teaching role of MP3 players is growing What officials say about tech on campus
CNN  -- When golfers admit to feeling "  brain dead " and "  unconscious " -- as Rory McIlroy did at Muirfield on Thursday -- perhaps it 's time to book an appointment with the doctor . Dr Bob Rotella that is ; the legendary mind coach who has helped some of the game 's biggest names like Keegan Bradley , Padraig Harrington and Darren Clarke plot their way to major success . McIlroy 's very public loss of form ended with a disheartening opening round of eight-over-par in Scotland and those comments to the media gave an insight into his present trouble state of mind . But the good news is that if the beleaguered former world No. 1 wants to pick up the phone to Rotella , the revered coach would be only too happy to help . "  Anybody would love to work with Rory , " Rotella exclusively told CNN . "  He 's a really good kid , he has a lot of talent and he loves golf . Even people who love golf in some moments can feel bad about it but I 've never seen him at a stage where he hates it . "  I think he probably feels like it 's getting hard at the moment . Sometimes this game is so easy for someone like him -- it 's ridiculous how easy it can be . "  But even for them sometimes you say ` Where is it ? Where did it go ? When is it coming back ? ' That 's the big question . "  I spent some time with him a few years ago at The Masters . Perhaps it was nothing to do with me but the next week he won at Charlotte for the first time in the U.S. and he has obviously played some incredible golf  since  . " McIlroy 's form has dipped ever since he was launched as a new Nike prot  g  in a blaze of publicity at the start of this year . So , is he struggling with his new clubs or are off the course distractions , like his romance with tennis star Caroline Wozniacki , limiting his time on the range ? Whatever is behind his malaise , the 24-year-old , who has won two majors , is still brutally honest about his current failings , laying his feelings bare in that startling press conference . So what did Rotella make of his comments ? "  First of all , it says to me that he 's a young man who 's very comfortable with himself and he feels good enough about himself that he is comfortable talking about it , " added Rotella , who has been coaching amateur players in HSBC 's golf zone . "  That 's a good sign . This is the most honest thing any of us will ever do in our life -- playing golf . "  Rory sounds like he knows he 's not where he needs to be or was when he was playing his best and he knows he 's got to get back there . But that 's pretty common . We 've just seen Tiger Woods go through two or three years of struggling with it . "  What usually happens is you reach a certain point when you sink to a level and then say ` This is ridiculous . ' At that point you simplify everything , stop over-analysing and go out there and kick some butt . "  What the world needs to understand is that he 's only half an inch away . It happens a lot in the world of sport , not just in golf . Rory 's been a very skilled , confident , successful player for a long time . "  He will be back , it 's just a matter of how long will it take . " Many commentators on the game have suggested McIlroy seek Rotella out while he is in situ at Muirfield . He 's a champion in his own right at focusing players and encouraging them to adopt routines that will keep them calm in the pressure cooker atmosphere of a major championship . So where would he start if McIlroy -- who reportedly told the Times newspaper that "  it could be beneficial to see someone like Rotella again " -- wanders into his surgery in the next few hours ? "  I 'd probably want to hear him tell me what is going on , to find out if what he said to the media is what really is going on , " Rotella explained . "  The biggest thing is to say ` That round is over , forget about it . The only thing that matters now is getting in a great state of mind to go out there and whether it 's to see how low you can shoot , make the most birdies and break the course record . ' "  That 's the mind-set you have to have . Sometimes when you 're way back it makes it easier to free up and throw away all the doubt , fear and questions marks and go for it . "  But you have to combine that with patience -- that 's the difficulty on a course this tough . "	Rory McIlroy talks of being "  brain dead " and "  unconscious " during British Open first round Renowned mind coach Dr Bob Rotella offers help to McIlroy Rotella has helped golfers such as Keegan Bradley , Padraig Harrington and Darren Clarke Mind coach predicts that McIlroy "  will be back "
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Police have launched an investigation after a young disabled sportsman traveled to Switzerland to commit suicide , UK media report . Daniel James , who played rugby for England under-16s , was paralyzed during match practice last year . Daniel James , 23 , from Sinton Green in western England was paralyzed from the chest down in March 2007 when a rugby scrum collapsed on top of him during match practice , dislocating his spine , the UK 's Press Association has reported . Worcestershire Coroner 's Service , which is conducing an inquest into the circumstances of his death , states on its Web site that James died on September 12 after he "  traveled to Switzerland with a view to ending his own life . He was admitted to a clinic where he died . " The inquest was adjourned on September 19 for reports . West Mercia police say that a man and a woman are helping the force with their enquiries . Assisting someone to commit suicide is illegal in the UK , as it is in most other European countries . What do you think of assisted suicide ? James , who played rugby for England under-16s , was a university student at the time of his injury last year . He is believed to be the youngest person from the UK to have traveled to Switzerland to commit suicide . In a statement Friday , reported by PA , James ' parents said that he had attempted to kill himself several times already . Watch why James opted for suicide " "  His death was an extremely sad loss for his family , friends and all those that care for him but no doubt a welcome relief from the ` prison ' he felt his body had become and the day-to-day fear and loathing of his living existence , as a result of which he took his own life . "  This is the last way that the family wanted Dan 's life to end but he was , as those who know him are aware , an intelligent , strong-willed and some say determined young man , " PA reported James ' parents as saying . "  The family suffered considerably over the last few months and do wish to be left in peace to allow them to grieve appropriately . " James ' parents added that their son , "  an intelligent young man of sound mind , " had never come to terms with his condition and was "  not prepared to live what he felt was a second-class existence " . Adrian Harling , the family solicitor , would not comment on the investigation , PA reported . More than 100 people from the UK who have committed suicide in Switzerland have traveled to the Dignitas Clinic in Forch . It is not known if James attended the clinic . Switzerland , along with Belgium , Luxembourg and the Netherlands , are the only European countries where authorities will not prosecute those who assist with suicide .	Young rugby player , paralyzed after accident , commits suicide in Switzerland Police interview man and woman about the death of Daniel James , 23 It is illegal in UK and much of Europe to assist with suicide Assisted suicide is legal in Switzerland , Netherlands , Belgium , Luxembourg
CNN  -- Costa Rica and Nicaragua both must refrain from sending or maintaining civilians , security forces or police in a disputed border area , the International Court of Justice ordered Tuesday , offering each side something it could claim as a victory . Tensions between the two countries have flared over Calero Island , a parcel of land on the Atlantic coast , since last year . In November , Costa Rica 's foreign ministry said the country had filed a lawsuit in the court to end a situation that "  threatens imminent and irreparable harm " to Costa Rica . The suit asked the court to stop "  the construction of a canal on Costa Rican soil , " the ministry said then . Nicaragua has claimed it has never entered Costa Rican territory and has only worked on its land . The court 's order was a provisional measure while the case is before the judges . It may be several years before a final ruling is made . The barring of any persons from the disputed area was a unanimous decision . The court did not order Nicaragua to refrain from dredging . By a 13-4 vote , the justices said that Costa Rica could send personnel to the area to protect the environment , but only in a manner that wo n't escalate tensions . The judges also ordered Nicaragua and Costa Rica to "  refrain from any action which might aggravate or extend the dispute before the court or make it more difficult to resolve . " Finally , all the judges agreed that both countries will inform the court of their compliance with the order . The International Court of Justice is the United Nation 's high court , based in The Hague . Costa Rican President Laura Chinchilla praised the court 's ruling , calling the decision "  just . " "  First , because it sends a clear message that borders can not be redefined in a unilateral manner , or through force , and second , because it creates the conditions ... that allow for two friendly nations to return to dialogue , " she told CNN en Espanol .	NEW : The court allows Nicaragua to continue dredging The court order bars both sides from sending civilians or security forces there It allows Costa Rica to protect the area 's environment The two countries have disputed the territory since last year
CNN  -- In the age of short attention spans and mass media hopping from one story to the next , it is fairly remarkable that the shooting death of Trayvon Martin one year ago Tuesday continues to resonate among the consciousness of many Americans . Most of this is because a dedicated group of activists , bloggers , social media afficionadios and members of the media -- mostly the black press -- have been diligent in ensuring that what took place on a cool , rainy night in Sanford , Florida , deserves to be brought out into the open and not to become a drive-by media story . And no doubt the vigilance of Trayvon 's parents -- Sybrina Fulton and Tracy Martin -- has made it hard for people to forget . Since Trayvon was shot and killed after an altercation with George Zimmerman , a one-man neighborhood watch guy , Fulton and Martin have attended many high-profile events like the Congressional Black Caucus Legislative Weekend and the NAACP Image Awards , walking red carpets and telling anyone who would listen that their son should not have died and there was no justice . News : Parents ready to let jury decide fate of son 's killer They have been shepherded through this process by their attorney , Ben Crump , who has transformed his law practice into a 2013 version of what Johnnie Cochran -- famed criminal defense attorney -- was when he was the go-to guy for national social justice legal cases . Crump has become the guy that black parents call when their children , mostly young men , have been shot and killed . Even though the trial of Zimmerman wo n't take place until June -- almost 16 months after the fatal shooting of Trayvon -- a lot of things have changed and are in the process of being debated . First , while everyone continues to focus on Zimmerman and whether he will invoke a Stand Your Ground law defense , efforts are under way in the Florida Legislature and other states to get rid of such laws , or change them . Florida Democratic State Rep. Alan Williams has introduced a bill in the legislature that would do away with the Stand Your Ground defense , which law enforcement personnel and district attorneys have said makes their job harder in prosecuting shootings . Many believe the Florida legislature wo n't overturn the law , but changes have been bandied about by the Republican majority , which is a good thing . The death of Trayvon exposed the American Legislative Exchange Council  ALEC  , a shadowy , corporate-funded group that has been one of the leading forces behind stand-your-ground laws . Once the light hit them , their involvement in other issues , such as voter ID laws , was made public . The ALEC is one of those nondescript groups that were formed to assist corporations to fight tax policies and to advance an economic agenda . But then they use their war chest to expand into other controversial areas , like stand your ground laws . It was n't until Change.org led petition drives for major corporations to pull out of ALEC that the group disbanded some of their other efforts . Had the consciousness not been raised after Trayvon 's death , ALEC would probably still be going about their business writing and pushing for laws that are unjust to many Americans . Trayvon 's death also awakened the inner fighting spirit of many young people , as well as African-Americans in sports and entertainment . When the Miami Heat donned black hoodies to show their solidarity with those who protested Trayvon 's death , that represented one of the biggest examples of today 's sports stars standing up for a social cause . Black history is replete with individuals who made it clear that life was n't all about sports . Jim Brown , Bill Russell , Kareem Abul-Jabbar , Muhammad Ali and Jackie Robinson were athletes who refused to hide away in the locker room . They used their platforms to speak about societal ills , and bridged the gap between activism and entertainment . Opinion : What we can learn from Trayvon Martin shooting The likes of Jamie Foxx , Cedric the Entertainer and so many others in Hollywood have answered the call of activist-entertainer Harry Belafonte to use their celebrity for more than just the next project . They have gone down to Florida to stand in solidarity with Trayvon 's parents and bring attention to the issues surrounding his death . But what is most needed -- more than just keeping the focus on Trayvon -- is for his death to spark an uprising of awareness and consciousness , maybe similar to what Emmett Till 's death did in 1955 . Till 's lynching death in Mississippi helped spark the Civil Rights Movement , which radically altered the course of this nation . It 's time for America to move beyond the mind-set of me , myself and I , and understand that this is about we , us and our . For every Trayvon Martin , there are thousands of others who do n't get the media attention , but they deserve justice , too . This is n't about black or white ; it 's about what 's right and wrong ; fair and unfair . No matter what happens in the trial of George Zimmerman , those who marched , protested , tweeted , Facebooked , lit candles and wore hoodies know that without all of that collective action , Zimmerman would be walking around free and would have never seen the inside of a courtroom . Stand-your-ground laws would exist with nary a peep of opposition ; and we would all be living our lives as if all is good . One young man ended up dead in Sanford , Florida , on the night of the NBA All-Star Game , but a heckuva whole lot has changed for the better as a result . Trayvon Martin did not die in vain . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Roland S. Martin .	Roland Martin : Trayvon Martin 's death still resonates among many a year after his death Martin : Florida and other states have been prompted to revisit Stand Your Ground laws He says Trayvon 's death also awakened the inner fighting spirit of young people and blacks Martin : Collective protests for Trayvon have made a difference and raised awareness
CNN  -- While China is seriously cracking down on the exchange of virtual currencies for real cash , virtual economies backed by newfound legitimacy elsewhere are quickly gaining ground in the real world . There 's gold in them there screens : Real-money transactions in virtual worlds are finding new legitimacy . On June 24 , 2009 , the role-playing game 140 Mafia launched on Twitter , following in the footsteps of highly lucrative games Mob Wars and Mafia Wars on Facebook  and now iPhone  to link virtual-currency exchanges to real-money transactions . In March 2009 , MindArk -- creator of the MMORPG  massively multiplayer online role-playing game  Entropia , where one player famously bought an island for US$ 26,500 in 2004 -- saw its wholly owned subsidiary Mind Bank granted a banking license from the Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority . The new license allows Mind Bank to be the first bank to directly incorporate real-money transactions with virtual-world activities . Selling virtual assets directly between players for real-world cash has been strictly prohibited by most game publishers , which find themselves looped out of the profits . What has been profitable in the meantime to some hardcore players of World of Warcraft and EverQuest  and other games  is "  gold farming " -- accumulation of "  gold , " weapons and other status symbols of a seasoned player -- followed by the online auction of such assets or user accounts . Since games publishers began policing eBay for this type of unauthorized activity , several Web sites such as PlayerAuctions have adopted a PayPal-like approach in order to broker the trading legally , acting as an open marketplace for player-to-player exchange of digital assets . Dual-currency economies However younger games  often aimed at younger audiences  are ditching the conventional subscription-based model of the above games to adopt the "  freemium " model , which lets users play for free , but allows them to enhance their experience by purchasing accessories or other premiums through micropayments . Frenzoo , a "  3D fashion game for girls " , is one game that has adopted this model . CEO Simon Newstead explains : "  The idea with dual currencies is that there is a paid currency -LSB- Gold Coins -RSB- , which is paid for using real money and exchanged between sellers and buyers . In addition , there is a second currency -- a free or so-called ` earned ' currency -LSB- Silver Coins -RSB- -- which is gained through activity and progression in the world or game . " "  In this way , " he continues , "  the economy can recognize different forms of contribution , and in newer economies these can also be traded between each other . For example , people earning currency and selling it to people who have less time but have real money . " Mirrored economies As one of the first successful virtual economies , Second Life 's huge marketplace includes objects and services for sale , as well as a real estate market . In 2008 , more than $ 100 million worth of the world 's Linden dollars were bought and sold on Second Life 's official LindeX exchange , according to its Web site . "  In Linden Exchange , the U.S. dollar part of the transaction is via PayPal , a well-known entity , so there 's a certain amount of trust that comes with it , " says Darrly Chang , co-founder of D&D Dogs , a two-man freelance venture that sells virtual dog pets and avatars to Second Life residents . Recently , however , business has slumped along with the real-world recession . "  We 'll continue to see a proliferation of alternative currencies associated with specific platforms and communities , much as frequent-flier miles are associated with individual airlines or even networks of airlines , " says Dan Jansen , CEO of Virtual Greats , which specializes in creating branded , copyrighted material for virtual worlds . "  In the longer term we may see a global standard for virtual currencies , but it will take some time . " Golden e-currency ? James Turk , chairman of digital-gold company GoldMoney , agrees . "  But , " he adds , "  inevitably digital gold currency will make significant inroads in global commerce because it lowers the cost of transacting with one another . Reducing transaction costs creates more opportunities for global commerce . " In March 2009 , GoldMoney launched a dedicated iPhone application allowing its account holders to exchange gold and silver units within minutes . Putting a trendy iPhone application that allows people to manage their own digital gold on par with other popular banking applications branded by well-established banks brings e-currency a step closer to the modern mobile end-user . Furthermore , GoldMoney is firmly anchored to real-world assets and individuals , notably strictly forbidding anonymous accounts -- unlike the former incarnation of the pioneering company E-Gold , whose founder this month ends his six-month house arrest in Florida after pleading guilty to money laundering-related crimes . So how realistic is the prospect of a single , global , digital currency ? "  It all comes down to trust , " says senior economist Frederic Neumann . "  We trust the government to guarantee our ` virtual ' money for real currency . -LSB- With digital gold -RSB- the gold standard is guaranteed by a private company . Governments already have several hundred years of sovereignty engrained in people 's minds , so that trust is very difficult to establish . "	Entropia Universe 's Mind Bank has been granted a real-money banking license Dual-currency economy allows for free trading between virtual and real money Second Life can be profitable , but also suffers from real-world recession Digital gold currency may be promising , but still lacks trust of people
CNN  -- If Lagos were a person , he  or she  would be described as "  mad , bad and dangerous to know . " Locals get about in traffic-heavy Lagos on motorcycles known as okadas . But we all know that these types of people are usually the most exciting kind . They are a lot of fun and you just never know what 's going to happen when they 're around . By the same token , any visitor to Lagos should prepare for the unexpected -- it can feel like a literal assault on the senses from the moment you step off the plane and feel the intensity of the dense tropical heat . Lagos is big , brash and bold and creaks under the weight of the 17 million people who live there . The former capital of Nigeria , Lagos remains its economic nerve center and teems constantly with the buzz of buying and selling  usually performed at the top of the vendors ' voices . There 's only one volume level in Lagos and that 's loud . From the constant tooting of horns in the snail-paced traffic , known locally as go slows , to music blaring from homes round-the-clock , the city buzzes constantly with noise . Getting around is not easy and you will be caught in the frequent go slows , where you will be confronted by vendors selling all manner of things , from English football team merchandise to dinner sets to plantain chips to frozen yogurts . Locals often joke they can kit out their entire home in a short car journey . The city is divided into three islands adjacent to each other and the mainland . Most expatriates and employees of multinationals , that proliferate in Lagos , are based on two of the islands ; Ikoyi and Victoria Island . The vast majority of wealth in the city is concentrated on these upmarket islands , with their western-style shopping malls and entertainment complexes . The best restaurants , bars , boutiques and galleries can also be found here and it 's best to stick to these areas to make the most of your time in Lagos . A stay in Lagos would be incomplete without visiting one of the lively and colorful markets like the Balogun market off Breadfruit St , Lagos Island . It is not for the meek or faint-hearted but you 're guaranteed to get a bargain or two if you 're prepared for a good haggle . It 's great for African prints and carvings but is a maze of a market , so best to hop on the back of popular motorcycles known locally as okadas to help you navigate it . To relax from all that haggling , you can head down to one of the five beaches in the city -- the best of them is Tarkwa Bay -- a small beach at the entrance to the Lagos port . It is easily accessible by boat from Tarzan Jetty at Maroko  around $ 6 per person  or under Falomo bridge on Victoria Island . At Tarkwa Bay you can browse through some local African arts , cloth or even locally produced honey brought round by the occasional hawker . For a spot of lunch , make like locals and indulge in some "  pepper fish " or suya -- very spicy chunks of meat , similar to kebabs , cooked over a charcoal grill  , washed down with ice cold beer . For authentic Nigerian cuisine that wo n't give your stomach too much "  wahalla "  trouble  , the Yellow Chili restaurant on Oju Olubun Close , Victoria Island is recommended . Those with an adventurous palate can order the special delicacy of Isi-Ewu - goat 's head , while others can tuck into jollof rice and chicken or spicy bean cakes  moi-moi  -- a favorite with most Nigerians . For a spot of culture , a short taxi ride away is one of the city 's main attractions , the National Museum on King George V Road , Onikan . It opened in 1957 and houses bronze sculptures and ivory carvings from Benin dating back 300 years . Is Lagos the most exciting city in Africa ? Use the Sound Off box below to have your say . If you are in the market for some art , you can pick up some tasteful , but admittedly , not cheap , Nigerian art at the Bogobiri boutique hotel in West Ikoyi . The hotel owner 's brother , Azu , will take you to his studio where you can see the artists at work . Lagos is a see-and-be-seen place and later you can party at one of the most fashionable places in town , Caliente on Goriola Street , off Adeola Odeku Street , a fun cocktail bar with a South American vibe and salsa dancing . Lagosians also let their hair down over a bucket of champagne or two at Bar Ten in Saka Tinubu Street , owned by Nigerian football star Jay Jay Okocha . There 's no chance of missing it as his name is engraved with golden letters above the entrance ! Be prepared to empty your wallet though , as Lagosians are big spenders . However , if your taste is less opulent , visit one of the numerous beer parlors found on every street corner and which are open 24 hours a day . Lagos is a city that never sleeps . For those staying on the mainland , check if musician Femi Kuti is in town on a Sunday and go to "  The Shrine " , Ikeja - the home of Afrobeat . This is an amazing experience reminiscent of his dad , the legendary musician Fela Kuti . Or you can catch the current king of Afrobeat , Lagbaja at his club Motherlan ' on Opebi Road , Ikeja . The clubs do n't kick off in earnest until around 10pm and you can party well into the night , just do n't forget to make it in time for your flight home ! CNN 's Christian Purefoy contributed to this report	Lagos is a vibrant , exuberant city that never sleeps You can shop for African fabrics at the local markets , just be prepared to haggle ! Party at The Shrine nightclub , home of legendary Afrobeat musician Fela Kuti
As Russia continues its military occupation of the Crimean district of Ukraine , as Putin enunciates a doctrine of military intervention in support of ethnic brethren , and the West ponders what might be done , Europeans begin to think again about the 1930s and the origins of World War II . The Russian historian Andrei Zubov , for example , has published a sophisticated comparison between Putin 's seizure of Crimea and Adolf Hitler 's annexation of Austria , seeing both as the beginning of a chain of events with fatal consequences not just for the subjects of the aggression but for the aggressors themselves . In Vienna , where I live , one also hears constant mentions of 1938 . Austrians and other citizens of European Union countries are beginning to consider what the end of Ukraine might mean for their own European system . The point is not that Putin is like Hitler ; the point is that the removal of a state from Europe has consequences for the continent . When we consider any state in isolation from the system , it can seem fragile , new , perhaps unnecessary . Ukraine today , like Austria in the 1930s , is a creation of a dramatic change in the world order . Austria as an independent republic owed its existence to World War I , just as Ukraine as an independent republic owes its existence to the unexpected collapse of the Soviet Union . Independent Austria lasted for two decades ; independent Ukraine has existed for only slightly longer . For some , an artificial creation that had no right to exist ; for others home to a people indistinguishable from Germans , Austria had few friends in 1938 . Ukraine finds itself in much the same position today . Just as most European leaders were happy to accept the German idea that Austria had no right to exist , many people around the West seem ready to forget about Ukraine or to believe the Kremlin 's propaganda that half of the country is Russian . Ukraine towns : Apricot trees and vanished graves Yet the reasons why states are supposed to exist are general , transcending their particular histories . The principles of international law are not subject to particular claims about identities . As with Putin today in Ukraine , Hitler in 1938 in Austria based his claim on the need to protect fellow ethnics . It is easy to criticize Putin 's arguments in some important details . He claims to be defending Russian citizens . But since dual citizenship in Ukraine is illegal , the most visible of Russian citizens in Ukraine are  1  the Russian soldiers and sailors based in Sevastopol ,  2  the Russian soldiers who have just invaded southern Ukraine and  3  Ukrainian riot police who are being given Russian citizenship at the Russian consulate in Simferopol to reward them for beating Ukrainian protesters . Putin claims to be defending "  compatriots , " but that is a category that has no meaning . The suggestion is that anyone who speaks Russian needs a Russian invasion ; that would mean that since I am writing in English I need an English invasion . But the real problem goes much deeper . In both cases the claim of a right of protection of ethnic brethren was only one element of a larger worldview . Hitler in fact cared little for ethnic Germans in Austria or for Austria itself . Its destruction of Austria was meant to show , as it did , that all standards of the European system were subject to corruption if a single man took a single risk . What Europeans decide to see in the Ukrainian revolution might in the end define Europe . The interwar European system was based on the principle of state sovereignty . No doubt this was an imperfect and incomplete moral and legal basis for international relations . And yet its violation meant the end of the system itself . When Europe 's leaders abandoned Austria in 1938 , they were conceding to Hitler the right to define the new rules of the new order . The immediate consequences were clear enough . Without the protection of a state , Austria 's Jewish minority was subject to anti-Semitic violence . Once Austria had been abandoned , European leaders had little trouble betraying a country that truly deserved their support , democratic Czechoslovakia . Its dismemberment began later that same year . Once Europeans had the experience of allowing states to die they could do so again . By the time the great powers came to their senses in 1939 it was too late . The European system of today is based on the principle of state sovereignty , combined with the robust international cooperation of the European Union , and legitimated by a historically new attention to human rights . The European Union is based on the premise of learning from history . National Socialism and Stalinism are seen as experiences from which Europeans have learned and extremes to which European politics must be restrained . This system , like the interwar system , is vulnerable to challenge . Russia has now proposed an alternative , in which Russian culture is historically unique and demanding of protection , European fascism and Stalinism are a trove of constructive ideas , and human rights are nothing more than a facade for western imperialism . Russian propaganda assigns a particular importance to sexual minorities , with many prominent commentators claiming for example that many in the EU are part of an international gay conspiracy . The Russian invasion of southern Ukraine is a threat above all to the citizens of Ukraine . As Professor Zubov has argued , it has threatening implications also for Russians . This was a courageous argument for him to make -- he says he was immediately fired from his position . Europeans who face fewer risks can continue the argument . The seizure of Crimea was meant as a challenge to the European Union . It is meant to prove that European values can not defend themselves . Can they ?	Ukraine crisis is making Europeans think again about '30s and origins of World War II , says Timothy Snyder Snyder : As with Putin today in Ukraine , Hitler in 1938 in Austria based claim on need to protect fellow ethnics Once Austria had gone , European leaders easily betrayed Czechoslovakia , which truly deserved support , he adds Seizure of Crimea was meant as challenge to EU , to prove European values can not defend themselves - Snyder
Djerba , Tunisia  CNN  -- President Barack Obama said Thursday he approved the use of U.S. military aircraft to help return to Egypt those Egyptian citizens who have fled to Tunisia to escape unrest in neighboring Libya as the United Nations called for stepped-up aid to refugees . Nearly 180,000 people , mainly foreign workers , have fled to the neighboring nations of Tunisia and Egypt amid fighting between government troops and rebels pushing to oust longtime strongman Moammar Gadhafi , the U.N. refugee agency reported . About 95,000 people have crossed into Tunisia and another 83,000 into Egypt , the office of the U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees estimated . But it was the would-be migrants stuck in Libya that was most concerning to Abeer Etefa , who on the Tunisian side of the border with Libya . "  We 're worried about people on the other side of the border , " said the spokeswoman for the U.N. 's World Food Programme . "  We 're calling for humanitarian safe passage to deliver food inside to people in Tripoli and elsewhere . " She said she had heard stories from recent arrivals of food shortages "  in many places of Libya . " She praised the efforts of Tunisians along the border , but said their generosity had limits . "  They 've provided all they could , " she said , adding that they "  ca n't continue . " In Washington , Obama told reporters that he also authorized the U.S. Agency for International Development to charter additional planes "  to help people from other countries find their way home . " "  Tens of thousands of people from many different countries are fleeing Libya , and we commend the governments of Tunisia and Egypt for their response , even as they go through their own political transitions , " Obama said . Zuheir Badr El-Din , the top airport official in the Tunisian city of Djerba , told CNN that France plans to fly chartered jets between that coastal city and Cairo six times a day for five days . Chaos has reigned on the Tunisian border for days as thousands have clamored to get out of Libya , and many have found themselves trapped in a no-man 's land between the two countries . Thousands more were housed in tents provided by UNHCR and the Tunisian military , and many have little money and no travel documents with them . In Djerba , about 90 km  55 miles  from the border , hundreds of refugees waited Thursday for flights out . Some napped on the floor ; others sat up against the walls waiting . But the process appeared orderly , given the number of would-be passengers , as airport officials moved them along in orderly lines with no pushing or shoving . The majority carried only small bags containing the bare necessities that they managed to escape with . One elderly man 's luggage consisted of a tightly wrapped blanket -- the only possession that survived his journey out of Libya . Earlier Thursday , UNHCR sounded an urgent appeal to governments to help in the mass evacuation required to get people out . And after a call among Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon and representatives of Middle Eastern , European and U.N. organizations , the world body called for help to avert a humanitarian disaster . "  There is a strong need for urgent relief -- food , water , sanitation and shelter to the thousands on both sides of the Tunisian and Egyptian borders due to significant population movements , mainly of migrant workers , " a U.N. statement warned . "  It is also necessary to prepare for a further possible escalation of humanitarian needs should conditions deteriorate inside Libya . " The participants in Thursday 's talks , which included the Arab League , the European Union and the Organization of the Islamic Conference , urged Libya to allow "  immediate and unimpeded access " to determine what was needed . "  The situation here remains tense , " said Firas Kayal , a spokesman for the U.N. refugee agency on the Tunisian border . "  There is lots of congestion on this side of the border and we are hearing that many thousands are waiting on the Libyan side to come through . Village bakeries have increased production to feed the stranded , he said . "  The local community has been so generous in providing food , medicines and places to stay , but the capacity of the local community is reaching its limit because the numbers are so huge , " he said . The refugees include Bangladeshis , Vietnamese , Thais , Koreans , Malians , Ghanaians and Sudanese who had entered Libya seeking work . But most of the workers are Egyptian citizens , and that country 's caretaker government has paid for flights from Djerba to Cairo to take them home . CNN 's Raja Razek , Arwa Damon , Ivan Watson and Moni Basu and journalist Catriona Davies contributed to this report .	U.N. warns of "  urgent " humanitarian needs French charters join airlift from Tunisia The border with Tunisia has been chaotic as people clamor to get out of Libya Many are foreign workers who have little money and lack passports
A $ 1.1 trillion compromise spending bill that funds the government through September won approval Wednesday from the Republican-led U.S. House and now goes to the Senate for consideration . The appropriations measure , approved 359-to-67 , would roll back some past spending cuts , raise federal worker pay and touch the everyday life of all Americans . Compromise on the fiscal year 2014 spending bill is a break from years of congressional funding fights that included a government shutdown last October . The Senate is expected to also pass the so-called "  omnibus " bill and send it to President Barack Obama to be signed into law . Wielding the power of one of the biggest purses in the world , the measure sets America 's national and international priorities . In the partisan atmosphere of an election year , the spending bill may be the largest policy decision Congress makes in 2014 . It calls for 1 % increases in the paychecks of federal workers and military personnel , the first raises in three years for most agency workers . The spending measure also would protect disabled veterans and some military spouses from a pension cut set to go into effect in 2015 . Appeal for both sides Democrats like a $ 1 billion increase in Head Start funding for early childhood education from its recent low point after forced budget cuts last year . Half of the money will go to help children 3 years old and younger , touching on an Obama administration priority . For Republicans , the compromise reduces funding to two of their least-favorite agencies -- the Internal Revenue Service and the Environmental Protection Agency . Overall , federal spending would be lower than the final budget of President George W. Bush 's administration . Changes at the airports may be the most visible Republican idea in the bill . The measure launches several policies aimed at forcing the Transportation Security Administration to get more low-risk passengers through security more quickly . Obamacare mostly untouched Obama 's signature health care reforms avoided any harsh cuts sought by conservative Republicans hoping to dismantle the 2010 Affordable Care Act . On another controversy , the spending plan requires Secretary of State John Kerry to certify the Libyan government is helping find those responsible for the 2012 attack that killed four Americans in Benghazi before any more foreign aid goes to the country . The bill also contains countless smaller provisions such as a ban on funding any new portraits of most officials . Current funding under a continuing resolution that extended spending at previous levels expires on Wednesday , and Congress passed a further three-day extension to give the Senate time to vote on the compromise 2014 bill later this week . Obama later signed the stopgap measure , which will fund the federal government through Saturday .	The appropriations bill now goes to the Senate for consideration Congressional approval would fund the government through September The measure reflects rare congressional compromise on the budget It rolls back forced spending cuts previously agreed to by Congress
CNN  -- Team USA 's women booked a fifth successive Olympic soccer final after Alex Morgan 's header 20 seconds from the end of extra time handed them a dramatic 4-3 victory over Canada . Morgan nodded home in the final minute of extra-time to book the United States a tie with Japan in Thursday 's Wembley final , where Pia Sundhage 's team will go for a third Olympic gold . Canada led three times in the match thanks to a hat-trick from captain Christine Sinclair , but each time the U.S. responded and eventually prevailed thanks to Morgan 's dramatic winner . World champions Japan booked a place in the gold medal match with a 2-1 defeat of France , who will play Canada in the bronze medal contest . Canada has never finished higher than eighth in an Olympic soccer tournament , but John Herdman 's side took a shock lead when striker Sinclair coolly converted after 22 minutes . Protecting a proud Olympic record the U.S. responded and finally drew level when Megan Rapinoe 's corner squeezed between Canada goalkeeper Erin McLeod and the near post 10 minutes into the second half . Undeterred Canada hit back , Sinclair powering a fine header beyond the despairing Hope Solo in the U.S. goal after 67 minutes . In a frantic period midway through the second half five goals were scored in 26 minutes , and Rapinoe hit a stunning half volley from the corner of the penalty area to level the match at 2-2 with 20 minutes to go . The imperious Sinclair headed Canada ahead for the third time just three minutes later , but the U.S. found an equalizer in controversial fashion . Goalkeeper McLeod was penalized by the referee for holding the ball longer than the allotted six seconds and from the resulting free kick Diana Matheson was adjudged to have handled Rapinoe 's shot . Prolific striker Abby Wambach calmly converted the penalty to make it 3-3 , before Morgan settled the match in the dying moments of extra-time .	Alex Morgan 's extra time header puts Team USA into their fifth Olympic soccer final The United States beat Canada 4-3 to set up a gold medal clash with Japan Canada took the lead three times but were pegged back before Morgan 's winner Japan beat France 2-1 thanks to goals from Yuki Ogimi and Mizuho Sakaguchi
CNN  -- In a stunning story of survival and recovery , the Pakistani teenager whom Taliban gunman shot in the head in October has been released from a hospital . Malala Yousufzai left Queen Elizabeth Hospital in Birmingham , England , on Friday . In the past two weeks , the girl famous for advocating that girls in Pakistan be educated -- which stoked the ire of her attackers -- proved her incredible strength by enduring two operations to repair her skull and restore her hearing . The gunfire caused swelling in Malala 's skull and a break in the delicate bones that help turn sound into sensory impulses to her brain . "  God has given me this new life , " she recently said , speaking for the first time on camera since the shooting . "  I want to serve the people . I want every girl , every child , to be educated . " Though the gunshots to her neck and head made many doubt that she would walk again , Malala continued to improve over the past several months . "  I can walk a little bit and I 'm feeling better , " the 15-year-old said on February 6 . At that time , she said she hoped to be fully recovered in a month . Her medical team decided she was well enough to be discharged Thursday . The teen will continue her rehabilitation at her family 's temporary home in Birmingham and will visit the hospital occasionally for outpatient appointments . Malala has credited her survival to "  the prayers of the people . " Her story captured worldwide attention , moving Pakistan to vow that it would more vigorously fight for girls ' rights and against the Taliban . It also prompted global leaders to put pressure on the country to make good on those promises . "  Because of these prayers , God has given me this new life and I want to serve and I want every girl , every child to be educated , " she said . Malala has already started talking about furthering the cause that enraged the Taliban . In 2009 , she wrote an extraordinary blog published by the BBC about how she wanted to go to school but was afraid . "  The Taliban have repeatedly targeted schools in Swat , " she wrote . About that time , the Taliban issued a formal edict , which covered her home in Pakistan 's Swat Valley , banning all girls from schools . On the blog , Malala praised her father , who was operating one of the few schools that would go on to defy that order . "  My father said that some days ago someone brought the printout of this diary saying how wonderful it was , " she wrote . "  My father said that he smiled , but could not even say that it was written by his daughter . " Malala soon garnered international attention . She started giving interviews with news outlets , including CNN . "  I have the right of education , " she said in a 2011 interview with CNN . "  I have the right to play . I have the right to sing . I have the right to talk . I have the right to go to market . I have the right to speak up . " Why do you risk your life to raise your voice ? a reporter asked her . In perfect English , she answered that her people need her . "  I shall raise my voice , " she insisted . "  If I did n't do it , who would ? " she said . Girls who are scared should fight their fear , she said . "  Do n't sit in your bedrooms . "  God will ask you on the day of judgment , ` Where were you when your people were asking you ... when your school fellows were asking you and when your school was asking you ... ` Why I am being blown up ? ' " On October 9 , Taliban assassins attacked a van that carried Malala and other schoolchildren . They demanded that the children identify her . Terrified , the children did it , and the men fired , wounding two other girls in addition to hitting Malala . "  We do not tolerate people like Malala speaking against us , " a Taliban spokesman later said , as Malala , in a Pakistani hospital , breathed with the help of a ventilator . The Taliban vowed that if Malala survived , they would come after her again .	15-year-old Pakistani advocate for girls ' education rights leaves British hospital Taliban gunmen shot Malala Yousufzai in the head and neck on October 9 She can speak and walk , and will now undergo rehabilitation , doctors say After her shooting , the Taliban vowed that if she survived , they would come after her again
Washington  CNN  It all started eight years ago Tuesday , near the spot where Abraham Lincoln once warned that America 's divides could tear it apart . In Springfield , Illinois , Barack Obama flashed a smile , bounded on stage in a long dark coat , and vowed , like his political hero , to "  transform a nation " and unleash a wave of hope and change . He looked as fresh as the frigid air in which thousands had gathered , wrapped up in scarves and winter coats , to witness the launch of a campaign that , improbably , would end in the White House . Eight years later , the end of Obama 's grueling , crisis-addled administration is in sight and his supporters have learned by experience how much harder it is to be President than to run for the office . Dreams of a new bipartisan era have given way to constant confrontations with a Congress that is now completely controlled by Republicans , many of whom are on a mission to dismantle much of Obama 's agenda . The situation is n't much better on the global front , where Obama continues to grapple with all-too-familiar foreign policy challenges in Iraq and Afghanistan along with new threats from Russia . From Tuesday , Obama 's time left in the White House will be shorter than the time it took him to win the presidency , and his 2007 speech has become a cautionary tale of the gulf between powerful campaign rhetoric and reality . It also remains a guidepost to the political philosophy that has underpinned the Obama administration and a reference point for both backers and critics as they write history 's first draft on his presidency . On that Saturday morning in 2007 , from behind a podium bearing his new campaign logo , a rising sun symbolizing new hope , Obama -- with not a gray hair in his head -- rattled off a list of how he would change the nation . He pledged to deliver universal health care within four years , help families struggling from "  paycheck to paycheck , " seek to end poverty in America , close out a "  war with no end " and make future generations proud by defusing the threat from global warming . In hindsight , his sights were trained too high . While even his critics would admit Obama wrought significant political change , he has often fallen short of his rarefied goals , running up against a system of governance set up by America 's founders to resist sharp change of political direction . Indeed , millions more people do have health insurance thanks to Obamacare . Universal coverage , however , remains a dream . Many Americans still live paycheck to paycheck . The economic crisis , yet to erupt when Obama gave his speech , meanwhile required the President to spend much of the political capital he won with his 2008 triumph on a financial overhaul that 's now under attack by congressional Republicans . Tackling poverty is now the rallying call in yet another presidential campaign . Eyeing 2016 , Republicans are suddenly joining the crusade . Congress , meanwhile , refused the tough economic pill that putting a cap on carbon emissions would entail . America 's alliances may be in better shape than in the go-it-alone days of George W. Bush 's first term . But trans-Atlantic tensions are obvious over issues like Ukraine . For sure , Obama honored his vow to get troops home from Iraq and Afghanistan . But the battle against Islamic extremism grinds on over a widened battlefield . And ironically , Obama became the President who ordered Americans back to Iraq , to confront a new enemy , ISIS . Declaring wars over is one thing , truly ending them is another . In Springfield , Obama warned the United States must leave Iraq because "  it 's time to admit that no amount of American lives can resolve the political disagreement that lies at the heart of someone else 's civil war . " That mantra has guided his foreign policy in office -- and explains his reluctance to throw U.S. forces into the cauldron of Syria . Such chaos has not been kind to Obama 's 2007 vow that it was time to "  usher in a new birth of freedom on this Earth . " For example , he spent Monday wrestling with global crises including a challenge from Russia , which increasingly operates in Cold War-era terms , and Iran , which is driving a hard bargain in nuclear talks . Implicit in Obama 's appeal eight years ago was his assurance that Washington politics did not have to be so bitter or so divided . With the certainty of a yet untested politician , he cited the example of Lincoln 's "  House Divided " speech and subsequent presidency to argue political change was possible . "  The life of a tall , gangly , self-made Springfield lawyer tells us that a different future is possible , " Obama said . "  He tells us that there is power in words . He tells us that there is power in conviction , that beneath all the differences of race and region , faith and station , we are one people . " Eight years on , that sentiment , and Obama 's promise that few obstacles can "  withstand the power of millions of voices calling for change " bears re-examination . It was not the "  power of words " that enacted health care reform , but now-defunct Democratic majorities in Congress . Change in the Obama era has sometimes been incremental . It 's now enacted only by wielding executive powers , which Republicans say are an abuse of the President 's authority . The "  power of words " -- put to the test by Obama 's Cairo address to the Muslim world in 2009 -- also failed to shift geopolitical logic overseas , as turmoil shatters the Middle East , and U.S. foes sense weakness . Back home , Washington is more divided and poisoned politically than ever . Republicans may have rejected compromise , but Obama 's critics say his own partisan reflex is also to blame . He could not , for instance , resist reminding the GOP during his State of the Union address in January that he beat them twice . And his negative re-election campaign to beat Mitt Romney in 2012 ran counter to his own rejection of "  petty and trivial " politics in 2007 . But the President , his hair now speckled with white , insists he was not naive . In the State of the Union , as much an argument to future historians as a policy wish list , Obama offered his own rebuttal to his critics . He reprised the 2004 Democratic National Convention speech , which paved the way for his 2007 announcement , in which he declared there "  was n't a liberal America , or a conservative America ; a black America or a white America , but a United States of America . " "  Over the past six years , the pundits have pointed out more than once that my presidency has not delivered on this vision , " he said . "  But I still think the cynics are wrong . "	Obama launched presidential campaign eight years ago Tuesday Hindsight of troubled presidency casts speech in new light Obama insists ' I was not naive '
CNN  -- Many a modern president has lost momentum and suffered what are termed "  scandals " in his second term . President Barack Obama 's current problems are part of that tradition . But with the exception of Richard Nixon , scandals have not proven fatal . Indeed , Ronald Reagan 's Iran-Contra scandal and Bill Clinton 's impeachment over the Monica Lewinsky affair were far more serious than what we know so far about Obama 's involvement in Benghazi , the Internal Revenue Service or subpoenas of records of reporters ' calls . Yet Reagan and Clinton finished their second terms as popular presidents . America 's founding fathers created a system of government deliberately designed to protect liberties rather than be efficient . They feared giving the chief executive too much power and constrained the president with checks and balances to limit his actions . As one wag put it , the system ensured that King George III could not rule over us , nor for that matter , could anyone else . One partial exception was foreign policy , where the inherent powers of the commander-in-chief give the president somewhat more constitutional leeway than in domestic policy . According to conventional wisdom , this situation leads lame duck , second-term presidents to turn their attention to foreign policy where they have a better chance of creating a second-term legacy . But it 's not that simple . Much of a president 's second term depends upon unpredictable external events . For example , during his first term , Woodrow Wilson made every effort to stay out of World War I , and he won re-election in 1916 on that promise . But within six months , Germany 's resumption of unrestricted submarine warfare and meddling in Mexico led Wilson to send American troops to fight in Europe -- an enormous departure from the U.S. tradition of avoiding conflicts outside the Western Hemisphere . And after 1938 , Franklin Roosevelt decided that Hitler posed a threat to the United States , but he was unable to convince an isolationist American public to enter World War II until the Japanese solved his problem by attacking Pearl Harbor at the end of 1941 . Reagan 's case is also instructive . His tough rhetoric toward the Soviet Union was the hallmark of his first term , and he won a massive re-election victory in 1984 . Yet in 1985 , after Mikhail Gorbachev came to power , Reagan had the intuition and emotional intelligence to recognize at their first summit in Geneva that Gorbachev -- unlike the inept Soviet leaders that preceded him -- was a man with whom he could do business . The real success of Reagan 's foreign policy was not the tough talk , but the ability to cash in on it by reaching deals that were the beginning of the end of the Cold War . Yet ironically , Reagan almost lost his presidency and his place in history because of careless management that allowed his subordinates to transfer arms for hostages in Iran and use the proceeds to violate congressional laws against providing funds to the Contra rebels in Central America . Obama 's first term was marked by the passage of health care legislation -- unpopular with some , but a historic accomplishment that Democratic presidents have sought since the days of Harry Truman . The Democrats ' loss of the House of Representatives in the 2010 elections has constrained Obama 's ability to advance other transformational efforts on the domestic front , though some believe that , out of self-interest , the Republican Party may still allow bipartisan reform of immigration law during Obama 's second term . The current "  scandals " certainly are expensive to Obama in terms of daily distraction and lost political momentum , but if you think you can write off the rest of the Obama presidency , think again . Too often , Washington focuses so myopically on daily political battles that it fails to pay attention to history . The lessons of history tell us : It is too soon to write off Barack Obama . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Joseph Nye .	Joseph Nye : Many presidents lose momentum with second-term scandals So some try foreign policy , where constitution gives more chance to make legacy , he says Nye : Wilson , FDR , others found external events can upend plans for foreign policy legacy Nye : If you 're writing off Obama 's second term , you 're not paying attention to history 's lessons
CNN  -- A woman convicted of murder in the 2011 deaths of four children in a fire at her Houston day care center was sentenced Tuesday morning to 80 years in prison . Jessica Tata also was ordered to pay a fine of $ 10,000 . She was silent as a judge read the sentence , which came from a jury but was confirmed by the judge . She declined an opportunity to speak at the sentencing , which took place in a Houston courtroom . Prosecutors said Tata 's carelessness led to the February 2011 fire that killed the four children and injured three others at her home day care . She was convicted of felony murder last week . Tata , then 22 , left seven children unsupervised at her home day care while a pan of oil was on an activated stove , authorities said . The home was on fire when she returned , authorities said . After the fire , Tata fled to Nigeria , and the U.S. Marshals Service named her one of its most wanted fugitives . She was arrested in Nigeria in March 2011 and brought back to the United States . The Marshals Service said it worked "  with international investigative resources in Port Harcourt , Nigeria , to bring Tata to justice . "	Jessica Tata was convicted of murder in the 2011 deaths of four kids at her day care Prosecutors said she left seven children unsupervised , and that her careless led to the fire Tata fled to Nigeria after the fire , but she was arrested and returned to the United States
The military coup d'etat that ousted Egyptian President Mohamed Morsy brought with it some diplomatic complications for other nations -- namely , that they want to avoid calling it a coup . A description of this week 's events -- the military placing the president under house arrest and naming a new leader of its choosing -- fit the definition of a coup . But labeling it as such could mean an end of U.S. military aid to Egypt , and subsequently a deterioration of relations with an important ally in the Middle East and North Africa . For now , Western nations have avoided using the word "  coup , " preferring to watch developments unfold , and pointing to the fact that popular sentiment appears on the side of the military . Defining a "  coup d'etat " The most accepted definition of a coup is a sudden overthrow of a government by a group of conspirators . The events in Egypt are troubling because Morsy 's government had been elected democratically . But an autocratic style had turned many of those who voted for him against his leadership and created deep divisions in Egypt . The massive protests that took place before the coup , and the celebrations afterward , lead some observers to define it as a revolution . But there are previous examples of situations where the public turned on a leader and were labeled a coup nonetheless . The environment that led to the ouster of former Honduran President Jose Manuel Zelaya in 2009 was similar to what was seen in Egypt . "  There was a significant amount of conflict within the country . There 's a degree -- a high degree -- of polarization . There was a worry about the -- some of the policies that the president undertook and so on , " then Assistant Secretary of State Arturo Valenzuela said of Honduras . The State Department was slow to call it a coup , but eventually stated the action against Zelaya was unjustifiable . The United States temporarily stopped some aid programs to Honduras . Still , when it comes to conflicted countries , the United States has more interests tied to Egypt than Honduras , keeping the Obama administration from calling it what it is -- a coup . Repercussions of a coup It matters what the government calls the Egyptian military 's seizure of power , because there is money at stake . Call it a coup and some of the $ 1.5 billion in annual aid that the United States gives Egypt is put in jeopardy . "  If this were to be seen as a coup , then it would limit our ability to have the kind of relationship we think we need with the Egyptian armed forces , " Joint Chiefs Chairman Gen. Martin Dempsey told CNN . Egypt is a key player in U.S. foreign policy in the region , and anything to sour that relationship could have unintended consequences . So it was no coincidence that President Barack Obama 's statement on the coup did not actually use the word "  coup . " He did n't call upon the military to restore power to "  the democratically elected civilian government , " but rather to "  a democratically elected civilian government . " In other words , it need not be deposed President Mohamed Morsy 's . The thinking of the president and administration officials , according to a knowledgeable source , is that while the administration is not explicitly supporting the removal of Morsy from power -- it expressly did not support the move -- it is seeking to push the Egyptian military in a direction . But U.S. Sen. John McCain , R-Arizona , called Friday for the suspension of U.S. aid to Egypt 's military . "  We can not repeat the same mistakes that we made at other times in our history by supporting the removal of freely elected governments , " the ranking member of the Senate Committee on Armed Services told CNN affiliate KNXV . Once the military sets a timetable for elections and a new constitution , "  then we should evaluate whether to continue the aid , " he said . A democratic coup ? The Egyptian coup presents a unique case in that there was a popular uprising that accompanied it . While military coups usually have the goal of concentrating power in the hands of the armed forces , in this case , the generals immediately named a civilian jurist as interim leader . It is a role reminiscent of the uprising that ousted former Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak in 2011 . In that instance , the military took over in the interim until democratic elections could be held . Once again , the military is stating that it does not want to impose a military dictatorship , but instead usher in another democratically elected government . Law professor Ozan O. Varol published a paper in the Harvard International Law Journal after Mubarak 's ouster , arguing that the events of 2011 broke the mold of traditional military coups . "  Although all coups have anti-democratic features insofar as they place the military in power by force or the threat of force , some military coups are distinctly more democracy-promoting than others , " he wrote . "  In these coups , the military responds to popular opposition against an authoritarian or totalitarian regime , overthrows that regime , and facilitates fair and free elections within a short span of time . " The current situation in Egypt is still playing out , but Varol 's research explains why many see this week 's coup as the expression of the popular will of the people .	The overthrow of Egypt 's Morsy meets most definitions of a coup But the events in Egypt are not universally being called a coup Calling it such may lead to a halt of aid to Egypt
CNN  If you were the member of a minority group and tried to create a system to control and oppress the majority , you could not have done a better job than the white leaders of Ferguson , Missouri . Let 's start with the demographics . Ferguson is small -- roughly 20,000 residents -- and is 67 % black and 29 % white . Over the past decade , Ferguson 's population has changed from majority white to majority black . Its elected officials did not . Five of six City Council members are white , as is the city 's mayor . How does this happen in a city two-thirds black ? Two answers : timing of elections and type of elections . Ferguson , like most municipalities , holds elections in April of odd-numbered years . However research shows that such "  off-cycle " elections reduces voter turnout . Ferguson also holds nonpartisan elections , which means that there are no party labels on the ballot . This not only reduces the likelihood that people will vote , it also has been shown to reduce what voters know about the candidates . Although Missouri does not track the race of its voters , according to an article in The Washington Post , Catalist , a private voter data firm , performed a study and found that the voting rules operating in Ferguson effectively suppress the black vote . In the national election in November 2012 , the study found , voter turnout between blacks  54 %  and whites  55 %  was virtually identical . But because of the vast racial differences in the city 's population , it resulted in an electorate that was 71 % black and 28 % white . Fast-forward five months later in April , when whites were three times  17 %  more likely to vote than blacks  6 %  . That resulted in an electorate that was majority white : 52 % versus 47 % . That is how a majority-black population winds up with almost all-white elected representatives . Ferguson 's law enforcement officers are also not representative , with roughly 94 % of its police force being white . Similarly Ferguson 's local judges are nonrepresentative . I 'm sensing a pattern here . Local judges are appointed by the Ferguson City Council upon nomination by the mayor for a two-year term . The Ferguson Municipal Court is also all-white . But the black citizens of Ferguson apparently keep the police and local judges very busy . In 2013 , Ferguson had the highest number of warrants issued in the state , when you control for size : 3.6 pending arrest warrants per household and 2.2 arrest warrants on average per person . And 95 % of people arrested for jaywalking in Ferguson are black . While 67 % of the population is black , 86 % of vehicle stops involve a black driver . While 29 % of the population is white , 12.9 % of vehicle stops involve a white driver . Blacks were almost twice as likely to be searched as whites , even though searches of blacks were less likely than whites to result in contraband being found  21 % vs. 34 %  . Nobody said racism made sense . But for Ferguson , it has made money . In prior years Ferguson tried to raise sales tax but learned the hard way that it did not result in increased revenue because people voted with their feet and took their wealth with them . Ferguson turned to a different revenue source : collecting traffic fines and penalties from the largely black population . Those revenues constitute Ferguson 's second-highest revenue source . Once a resident gets a ticket and does not appear in court with an explanation , an arrest warrant is likely issued . Once arrested , the resident may sit in jail for a very long time , while the fees and fines continue to accrue . A class-action lawsuit filed this month against the city of Ferguson has challenged this funding system , calling it a "  modern debtors ' prison scheme . " The remarkable part of this story is how patient the black residents of Ferguson have been . It took the death of a teenager to get them mad enough to protest and the nation got mad with them . Between the class-action lawsuit and the Department of Justice 's involvement , blacks in Ferguson should know the world is watching . The arc of history is long and bends towards justice -- and help is finally on the way .	Dorothy Brown : Ferguson political system has been effective at oppressing majority It has done so with the timing and type of elections , Brown says Brown : Fines filled city coffers ; black citizens have been remarkably patient , but no more
CNN  -- Leo McCarthy gives college scholarships to teenagers who pledge not to drink while they 're underage . In 2007 , McCarthy lost his 14-year-old daughter , Mariah , when an underage drunken driver hit her and two of her friends as they walked down a sidewalk near her home in Butte , Montana . Through McCarthy 's nonprofit , Mariah 's Challenge , more than 140 teenagers have received $ 1,000 scholarships . CNN asked McCarthy for his thoughts on being chosen as one of the top 10 CNN Heroes of 2012 . CNN : What do you hope this recognition will mean for Mariah 's Challenge ? McCarthy : It 's a very quiet sense of pride for this town . We have such a hard history of living here . ...  We use  the term "  Butte tough . " Now , it 's more about character and strength , about growing old and helping our youth to grow old . People come up and say , "  Hey , congratulations . " And some kid said , "  I am Mariah 's Challenge . " And that totally blew me away . So , it 's formulating to them that it 's really them , not me , that are seen in CNN Heroes . To them , it 's growing up by changing this situation a generation at a time . We 're seeing this in sixth-graders coming up ; they automatically know about Mariah 's Challenge . They automatically know that they 're not supposed to drink for four years in high school . So , will they ? I do n't know . But hey , it 's a better start than it was prior to October 27 , 2007 . And it 's a great honor for parents and youth that are sitting at the table and talking about it . It just gives parents more power to say : "  Hey , this is a good deal . Let 's talk about it . What 's going on in your life ? " So ,  the CNN recognition  is a validation of the three girls , and it 's a validation of the tool that parents can use at the dinner table . The dinner table is the most powerful place in the world . CNN : How will you use the $ 50,000 award that you receive for being selected as a top 10 CNN Hero ? McCarthy :  It  will provide at least 40 scholarships , hopefully this year , that we 're going to immediately give out to courageous youth . Also , the money is going to be used to start our Mariah 's Education Initiative for the local elementary and junior highs . Basically , it 's going to be a template for teachers to use to assist  the students  in empowerment , honesty , integrity and character . CNN : What do you want people to know most about your work ? McCarthy : It 's about making sure that our youth have an option and a tool to talk to their parents and their loved ones about what 's going on in their life . This is such an in-your-face situation because it stole the innocence of our town when three 14-year-old girls were basically mowed down a half a block from my house , on a pedestrian pathway . That innocence was shaken in this town . I want this to be a platform for people to say , "  OK , I do n't want to be like that guy who killed Mariah . But I need some help , because I 'm getting group pressure . " And I hope that it 's a way for them to choose "  yes " instead of "  no . " I 'm not asking you to say "  no " to drugs . I 'm asking you to say "  yes " to yourself and a life of simple self-respect . That 's all it is . CNN : We 're coming up on the five-year anniversary of Mariah 's death . What does the timing of this honor mean to you ? McCarthy : Surreal , going back to those lonely , sleepless nights after it happened and trying to make sense of this . Stumbling and bumbling about , realizing it 's got to be up to me and my family to try to bring something out of this and always believing about the legacy of love ... and seeing it now . It would have been so easy to build a monument to misery and light the torch of vengeance . ... But we decided to go the tough way , the hard way , which is acknowledging we can all be better and we can always bring good out of bad . There is grace in that , and there is deep peace in that . Read the full story on CNN Hero Leo McCarthy : Grieving father offers teens money not to drink	Leo McCarthy was named one of the top 10 CNN Heroes of 2012 His nonprofit gives scholarships to Montana teens who pledge not to drink His daughter , Mariah , was killed by an underage drunken driver in 2007 Who should be the CNN Hero of the Year ? Cast your vote now !
Washington  CNN  -- A highly complex computer attack that may have been targeting Iran 's nuclear power plants is posing a serious security threat to critical infrastructure worldwide , according to government and cyber-industry experts testifying Wednesday on Capitol Hill . The computer worm known as Stuxnet was discovered this past July and specifically targets computers that run critical infrastructure such as the electric power grid , water treatment and oil and gas pipelines . The head of the Cybersecurity Center at the Department of Homeland Security said Stuxnet is an incredibly large , complex threat with capabilities never seen before . "  This code can automatically enter a system , steal the formula for the product you are manufacturing , alter the ingredients being mixed in your product , and indicate to the operator and your anti-virus software that everything is functioning as expected , " Sean McGurk told the Senate Homeland Security Committee . McGurk called the development of Stuxnet a "  game changer . " McGurk said there is not enough knowledge to identify what specifically was the target of the attack . "  To say it was specifically designed to target a particular facility is very difficult for anyone to say with assurance , " said McGurk . However , a study by the Symantec Corporation , a cybersecurity firm , indicated Iran 's nuclear plants could be the intended target . "  Stuxnet is a threat targeting a specific industrial control system likely in Iran , such as a gas pipeline or power plant , " according to the report . Symantec official Dean Turner told the lawmakers that "  even if something like this is tied to one particular country or group of countries , the ability of it to have a global reach is enormous . " He said there were approximately 44,000 unique Stuxnet infections worldwide with 1,600 of them in the United States . Nearly 60 percent of the global infections were in Iran . Who was behind the attack also remains a mystery . DHS 's McGurk said the department 's analysis of the code did not point to where it was developed . The Symantec study did not identify a source of the attack . The sophistication of the malware makes it unlikely it could easily be duplicated by others . "  Stuxnet has such complexity requiring significant rescues to develop that few attackers will be capable of producing a similar threat , " Turner said . The discovery of Stuxnet was a wake up call to government and industry , agreed all those who testified . Michael Assante , the president of the National Board of Information Security Examiners said , "  We 're not only susceptible , but we 're not very well prepared . " Enhanced cooperation between the federal government and private sector was cited as one key component to fending off cyber threats . Sen. Joseph Lieberman of Connecticut , the chairman of the Senate Homeland Security Committee , lamented that critical cybersecurity legislation needed to combat cyber threats will have to wait until the new Congress convenes next year . "  I 'm sorry to say it seems unlikely we can pass this bill in this lame-duck session , although we should . I 've been disappointed that the administration and some other committees that have an interest in this issue have been slow to engage , " said Lieberman .	A Senate panel hears testimony about a new computer worm It 's called Stuxnet , and it targets computers that run critical infrastructure systems The Department of Homeland Security 's cybersecurity chief calls it a "  game changer "
Kaiping , China  CNN  -- In a quiet corner of southern China 's Pearl River Delta , hundreds of abandoned watchtowers dot a landscape of water-logged rice paddies , lush bamboo groves and ancient villages . Bristling with battlements and turrets , the ornate towers were built by families and villages in need of protection during the late 19th and early 20th centuries when much of the country was controlled by warlords and banditry was rife . Now a UNESCO world heritage site , these days the Kaiping watchtowers , or diaolou as they are known locally , face a threat of a different nature -- the incredible boom in Chinese tourism . The tiny village of Zili , which has the largest collection of towers , attracts dozens of tour buses on weekends . Their passengers are ushered around the towers by guides sporting red flags and microphones rigged up to loud speakers . They chase the skinny chickens that roam about the dirt paths , snap photos , sample "  peasant family food " and buy rustic bamboo souvenirs , while the village 's few remaining elderly residents sit on small plastic stools and look on bemused . It 's a scene that 's played out at other UNESCO sites across China , where world heritage status is increasingly being used as a economic vehicle to develop backward regions , says Chris Ryan , a professor of tourism at The University of Waikato in New Zealand . "  The idea behind having this status is that there are conservation , preservation and restoration issues , where in China it seems to be primarily geared toward promoting tourism and its economic benefit , " says Ryan , who has studied Kaiping and another world heritage site in Anhui province , eastern China . China plans makeover for tourism in southeast Tibet According to Ryan , Chinese made 2.6 billion trips last year , up from just over a billion seven years ago and numbers are expected to rise further . "  Places that were previously very remote and did n't see a lot of tourists are now seeing enormous numbers arriving because they have the money to travel , " says Neville Agnew , group director of the Getty Conservation Institute , which has worked in China since 1989 . "  It 's an interesting phenomenon because it 's in complete contrast to the experience in Egypt , where almost all the visitors are foreigners . " China now has 43 world heritage sites , the most of any country in the world . Dozens of other wannabe UNESCO sites across China are preparing bids . Jing Feng , the Paris-based chief of UNESCO 's Asia and Pacific section , says that the prestige of world heritage inscription always means an increase in visitor numbers but acknowledges the pressures of mass tourism in China are particularly acute . "  People are getting richer and they have the right to appreciate heritage sites but we need a balance , " he says . New parts of Great Wall of China to open to tourists Tackling the problem is difficult . Jing singles out Lijiang , an ancient town set in a dramatic mountain landscape in the southwestern province of Yunnan , as a place that has struggled to accommodate a surge in tourists . Designated a world heritage site in 1997 , the town , home to the matriarchal Dongba culture , now receives 11 million visitors a year and conservation experts have been shocked by the level of commercialization . Locals have moved out of the city 's ancient core , renting their homes out to businesses . Jing was part of a UNESCO monitoring mission to the town in 2008 and local authorities have pledged to improve visitor management and shut the discos and karaoke bars that had sprung up . However , a doubling of admission ticket prices in a bid to reduce visitor numbers has had little impact and officials aim to increase visitor number to 16 million by 2015 . UNESCO has only twice removed world heritage sites from its list and Jing says there is little chance , for now at least , that any Chinese sites would lose the designation because authorities had put forward "  corrective measures . " Ethnic Mongolians in China concerned about cultural threat Poor , rural areas bypassed by China 's recent economic boom are those most keen to secure world heritage status , says Han Li , who works for the Global Heritage Fund in China . Local officials often take out huge loans to build infrastructure to prepare their bid , she says , and local people , at least , initially welcome the opportunity to find work outside farming or as alternative to migration . "  Having world heritage status definitely changes your property values , your investment opportunities and it 's a really big life-saver for a lot of these places , " she says . Officials in charge of Kaiping 's watchtowers have said they aim to attract up to 2 million visitors each year , up from 100,000 in 2007 when it was first inscribed as a world heritage site with a view to generating revenues of 50 million yuan  US$ 7.8 million  . How this money will be spent will be key to the future of Kaiping 's watchtowers . So far , it appears that much of the money generated has been spent on car parks , ticket booths and landscaping in the four villages featured in tourist brochures . It 's not clear what will happen to the hundreds of other towers not earmarked for tourist development . They are used as barns and storage sheds or stand empty and forlorn despite their protected status . Many were abandoned after the Communist victory in 1949 when those with overseas ties fled . More recently , villagers have left for the booming factory towns on the other side of the Pearl River Delta . Xanadu added to UNESCO 's world heritage list The challenge for the local authorities in Kaiping , and at China 's other heritage sites , is how to manage tourists visits so that they bring maximum economic benefit without harming the heritage sites and those who live nearby . One radical solution is to limit visitor numbers . For example , from next year the Mogao Grottoes in remote Northwestern China plans to allow 6,000 visitors per day , down from up to 11,000 at present , says Agnew at the Getty Conservation Institute . The move follows fears that the moisture from visitors ' breath and sweat was harming the centuries-old cave paintings and Buddhist sculptures . But this approach is unlikely to be adopted widely , especially at living sites such as Lijiang 's old town and Kaiping , where economic imperatives are most likely to trump heritage preservation . "  World heritage sites do n't need to be static -- they can bring income and development , " says Li at the Global Heritage Fund . "  But I think it 's important to remember that heritage does have its own inherent value and it 's not just about a tangible financial return . "	China has 43 world heritage sites , the most of any country Some sites struggle to cope with boom in domestic tourism Chinese made 2.6 billion trips last year as more have money to travel Fears emerge that economic development may clash with heritage preservation
Mexico City  CNN  -- A strong 6.5-magnitude earthquake hit southern Mexico on Saturday night , killing two people and startling residents as far away as Mexico City , state media reported . It struck in Guerrero state at 7:47 p.m. local time , about 100 miles south-southwest of the capital , the U.S. Geological Survey said . The agency had previously put the quake 's magnitude at 6.7 . One person was killed when a rock fell on a vehicle , while another was crushed by a collapsed house , the state-run Notimex news agency reported , citing civil protection officials in Guerrero . At least 50 homes were damaged and at least four people were injured there , Notimex said . There were no immediate reports of major damage in the capital , but several areas were without power , Mexico City Mayor Marcelo Ebrard wrote on his Twitter page soon after the quake . Some startled residents in Mexico City ran out of their houses and into the streets . Loud sirens sounded after the quake , which had an estimated depth of 40 miles , the USGS said . Lorena Isla , a CNN iReporter in San Jeronimo Lidice , on the outskirts of Mexico City , took video of chandeliers swaying at her home . The side-to-side movement of the earthquake lasted about three minutes , said Isla , who lives on the third floor of a residence . "  This was the strongest one I ever felt , " she said late Saturday . She took the video and rushed outside , where she said she fainted . "  Everybody is in panic , " Isla said . Authorities urged residents to turn off natural gas devices . Some were having a hard time reaching relatives because of cell phone disruptions , according to Isla . CNN 's Jose Armijo and Phil Gast contributed to this report .	NEW : At least 50 homes are damaged , state media reports One person was reportedly killed in a vehicle ; another crushed in a house Mexico City 's mayor reports some blackouts , no major damage The depth of the quake was 40 miles , the U.S. Geological Survey says
Kaiser Health News  The Obama administration Monday announced a goal of accelerating changes to Medicare so that within four years , half the program 's traditional spending will go to doctors , hospitals and other providers that coordinate their patient care , stressing quality and frugality . The announcement by Health and Human Services Secretary Sylvia Burwell is intended to spur efforts to supplant Medicare 's traditional fee-for-service medicine , in which doctors , hospitals and other medical providers are paid for each case or service without regard to how the patient fares . Medicare is the federal insurance program that provides health care to the elderly . Since the passage of the Affordable Care Act in 2010 , the administration has been designing new programs and underwriting experiments to come up with alternate payment models . Last year , 20 % of traditional Medicare spending , about $ 72 billion , went to models such as accountable care organizations , or ACOs , where doctors and others band together to care for patients with the promise of getting a piece of any savings they bring to Medicare , administration officials said . There are now 424 ACOs , and 105 hospitals and other health care groups that accept bundled payments , where Medicare gives them a fixed sum for each patient , which is supposed to cover not only the initial treatment for a specific ailment but also all the follow-up care . We need to rethink dying Other Medicare-funded pilot projects give doctors extra money to coordinate patient care among specialists and seek to get Medicare to work more in harmony with Medicaid , the state-federal health insurer for low-income people . Burwell 's targets are for 30 % , or about $ 113 billion , of Medicare 's traditional spending to go to these kind of endeavors by the end of President Barack Obama 's term in 2016 , and 50 % , about $ 215 billion , to be spent by the end of 2018 . The administration also wants Medicare spending with any quality component , such as bonuses and penalties on top of traditional fee-for-service payments , to increase , so that by the end of 2018 , 90 % of Medicare spending has some sort of link to quality . These figures do not include the money that now goes to private insurers in the Medicare Advantage program , which enrolls about a third of all Medicare beneficiaries . Monday 's announcement did not include any new policies or funding to encourage providers , but Burwell said setting a concrete goal alone would prompt changes not only in Medicare but also in private insurance , where some of these alternative models are also being tried . Leavitt Partners , a consulting firm , counts 317 commercial ACOs and 40 in the Medicaid program . Baby Boomer Generation Fast Facts "  For the first time we 're actually going to set clear goals and establish a clear timeline for moving from volume to value in the Medicare system , " Burwell said at an announcement at the department 's headquarters , where she was joined by leading physicians and leaders from the insurance and hospital industries . "  So today what we want to do is measure our progress and we want to hold ourselves in the federal government accountable . " Some providers have eagerly embraced the new payment models , with success . Roughly a quarter of ACOs saved Medicare enough money to win bonuses last year . Others are wary , particularly since they could lose money if they fall short on either saving Medicare money or achieving the dozens of quality benchmarks the government has established . "  ACOs are quite expensive to set up , " said Andrea Ducas , a program officer at the Robert Wood Johnson Foundation , a New Jersey charity that is funding research into ACO performance . "  There 's a significant upfront investment and if you 're not sure you 're going to make it back , there 's a pause . " In the largest ACO experiment , the Medicare Shared Savings Program , 53 ACOs saved enough money in 2013 to get bonuses from the government , but 41 spent more than the government estimated they should have . Transgender woman feels ` complete ' thanks to Obamacare Those ACOs did not have to repay any money , but in future years Medicare intends to require reimbursements from those who fall short . Providers have been pushing Medicare to increase the cut they get from these programs and lessen the financial risks in ACOs and the other programs . "  Government needs to do more to make sure there 's more shared savings going back to the providers , " said Blair Childs , an executive with Premier , a company that assists hospitals and providers in establishing ACOs and other models . It is still too early to know whether these alternate payment models improve health of patients and whether the savings that have been achieved so far , often by focusing on the most expensive patients , will plateau . Studies on the success of these programs have shown mixed results . "  We still have very little evidence about which payment methods are going to be successful in getting the results we want , which are better quality care and more affordable care , " said Suzanne Delbanco , executive director of Catalyst For Payment Reform , a California-based nonprofit that has been tracking the spread of alternative payment models in the private sector . "  We 're just wanting to avoid a situation where a few years from now , where we 've completely gotten rid of fee-for-service , " Delbanco said . "  We do n't want to wake up and say , ` Oh my gosh , we did it and we 're no better off . ' "	Obama administration plan to redirect spending to health care provides that stress quality , frugality The plan would change Medicare 's traditional fee-for-service strategy
ISIS , a top intelligence official said more than a year ago , has "  ruthlessly grown in effectiveness . " In October a senior administration official said the terror group represented "  a major and increasing threat " -- to the region and the United States . Eight months ago , the military 's top intelligence official warned ISIS "  will attempt to take territory . " ISIS threat : Syrian town fears massacre Those were the public assessments of ISIS coming from President Barack Obama 's own administration dating back more than a year . So why is the President saying now his intelligence agencies misjudged the terror group , currently being pummeled by U.S. and coalition airstrikes ? In an interview with "  60 Minutes , " Obama admitted the U.S. "  underestimated what had been taking place in Syria " that allowed the country to become "  ground zero for jihadists around the world . " He cited his director of national intelligence James Clapper , who told the Washington Post in mid-September the U.S. "  underestimated ISIL -LSB- the government 's name for ISIS -RSB- and overestimated the fighting capability of the Iraqi army . " CNN exclusive : ISIS fighter says U.S. airstrikes are n't effective Those remarks echoed Obama 's own statement from early August , when he told reporters "  intelligence estimates " had n't accurately predicted ISIS ' advances through Iraq and Syria . In remarks and testimony , however , U.S. officials have been warning of ISIS ' rise going back more than a year -- while at the same time warning of the limited intelligence-gathering capacity inside the countries where ISIS was expanding . Obama subtly pushes back against Clinton , Panetta on Syria The warnings extend as far back as July 2013 , when David Shedd , then acting as deputy director of the Defense Intelligence Agency , told a conference that al Qaeda-affiliated groups were gaining strength in Syria . "  It is very clear over the last two years they have grown in size , grown in capability and ruthlessly grown in effectiveness , " he said at a CNN-sponsored panel at the Aspen Security Forum . "  They will not go home when it is over . They will fight for that space . They are there for the long haul . " Since then , officials have warned that ISIS was n't going anywhere -- including in October , when a senior administration official told reporters on a conference call that the danger from ISIS was intensifying . "  This is really a major and increasing threat to Iraq 's stability ... and it 's an increasing threat to us , " said the official , who was previewing a visit to Washington by then-Iraqi Prime Minister Nouri al Maliki . Next step : Keeping anti-ISIS coalition together The warning had ramped up by February , when the director of the Defense Intelligence Agency told lawmakers ISIS was looking to gain ground . " -LSB- Al Qaeda in Iraq/ISIL -RSB- probably will attempt to take territory in Iraq and Syria to exhibit its strength in 2014 , as demonstrated recently in Ramadi and Fallujah , and the group 's ability to concurrently maintain multiple safe havens in Syria , " Mike Flynn wrote in prepared testimony for the Senate Armed Services Committee . The terror groups , Flynn wrote , had "  exploited the permissive security environment to increase its operations and presence in many locations and also has expanded into Syria and Lebanon to inflame tensions throughout the region . " White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest said Monday that Obama was n't blaming his intelligence services when he said they "  underestimated " ISIS . "  The way that I would describe it is that everybody did ; that everybody was surprised to see the rapid advance that ISIL was able to make from Syria across the Iraqi border and to be able to take over such large swaths of territory in Iraq did come as a surprise , " Earnest said . He added it was also difficult to assess ahead of time how well Iraqi security forces would be able to defend their own country because of the sectarian divisions in Iraq 's government . He admitted there was some doubt that the forces would fend off ISIS 's incursions . "  And I think that proved to be true in the end that ISIL was able to make significant gains because of the Iraqi security forces were n't able to withstand their advance , " Earnest said .	Top officials have long been warning about the threat posed by ISIS President Obama said the U.S. "  underestimated " the group 's rise in Syria It was also hard to predict Iraq 's defense capabilities , the White House says
London  CNN  -- British lawmakers investigating a phone hacking scandal Tuesday asked media baron Rupert Murdoch , his son James and former News of the World editor Rebekah Brooks to testify before them , hours after former British Prime Minister Gordon Brown accused their newspaper group of illegally obtaining private information about him . Parliament 's Culture , Media and Sport Committee asked the three to appear in a week , on July 19 , a representative told CNN . "  Senior executives " of Murdoch 's British newspaper company "  will cooperate , " News International said in a statement , without specifying who . If the Murdochs and Brooks do not answer the summons , Parliament can compel them to do so , Labour lawmaker Chris Bryant said on Twitter . He added that he believes he too is a hacking victim . The chairman of the committee , John Whittingdale , told CNN that he has plenty of questions to ask . "  The first thing is that James Murdoch has said he has discovered that Parliament , and that means my committee , was misled by some of the executives who have given us evidence in the past , " he said . "  So we will obviously want to know who has misled Parliament and what it was they said which was untrue . " Meanwhile , a Downing Street source told CNN the British coalition government will vote in favor of a parliamentary motion by the Labour opposition calling on News Corp. to withdraw its bid for satellite broadcaster BSkyB . Whittingdale predicted any vote would be lopsided , if not unanimous , against the elder Murdoch . "  I would have thought that , if Parliament sends a signal as strong as is likely , he would be very foolish to ignore it . " Officials must first establish who authorized the "  very serious criminal activities " under scrutiny , Whittingdale said . "  Anybody who was complicit in that , who knew about them , potentially is vulnerable . " The news represents a further threat to Rupert Murdoch 's plans to create Britain 's largest media company by acquiring the satellite broadcaster . News Corp. has been seeking to buy the 60.9 % of the BSkyB shares it does not already own . Labour leader Ed Miliband and Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg are among lawmakers who have already urged Murdoch to reconsider the bid . Brown , speaking Tuesday to the BBC about allegations that The Sunday Times illegally obtained private information about him , accused Murdoch 's newspapers of having "  links with criminals . " Brown said the paper appeared to have gotten access to his legal files . He said he was "  genuinely shocked " by its methods . The Sunday Times denied Brown 's allegations and said it pursued the story about him in the public interest . "  We were told that Mr. Brown had bought a flat cheaper than any normal valuation and that he obtained it through a company in which Geoffrey Robinson , a close ally , had been a director , " it said Tuesday in a statement . "  We had reasonable grounds to investigate this matter ... We believe no law was broken in the process of this investigation , and contrary to Mr. Brown 's assertion , no criminal was used and the story was published giving all sides a fair hearing . " Brown 's allegations , however , widen the scandal that brought down Britain 's best-selling newspaper , News of the World , to other newspapers also owned by Murdoch 's News International media group . Suspicions that News International would fill the Sunday tabloid gap by publishing its six-day-a-week tabloid The Sun on Sundays were reinforced by the company 's acquisition on Monday of the domain name thesunonsunday.co.uk . News International 's parent company , News Corporation , announced Tuesday it would buy back $ 5 billion of its own shares over the coming year , after a fall in its share price since the phone hacking scandal exploded last week . Top Metropolitan Police officers testified before lawmakers Tuesday about their investigation into illegal breaches of privacy by News of the World , following accusations police did not probe deeply enough when they first looked into matter . Assistant Commissioner John Yates , who concluded in 2009 that there was not enough evidence to pursue an investigation , admitted to the Home Affairs Select Committee that his decision was "  crap . " And he said he believed his own phone had been hacked "  in the period 2005-2006 . " He blamed News International for not handing over all the documents they had . But lawmakers hammered his decision . "  Why did you not look at the information that was sitting in bags at Scotland Yard ? " demanded conservative lawmaker Michael Ellis . Yates insisted he had "  never , ever , ever " received a payment from a journalist , but said it was "  highly probable " that there were some corrupt officers among the 50,000 in the Metropolitan Police . News International is accused of attempting to bribe police officers for information -- including personal contact details for members of the royal family -- in addition to the violation of privacy allegations . Yates said he did not see Gordon Brown 's name on a list of potential hacking victims when he examined the evidence police had in 2009 . The accusations that journalists working for News International papers went after Brown were published Monday by rival outlet the Guardian . The Guardian said the tabloid The Sun -- the country 's best-selling daily newspaper -- obtained details about Brown 's son 's health and published a story about him , while people working for the broadsheet Sunday Times tricked the former Labour Party leader 's accountants into handing over financial details . Both papers are part of the News International stable . The company denied that The Sun illegally obtained information about Brown 's son . "  We are able to assure the Brown family that we did not access the medical records of their son , nor did we commission anyone to do so , " News International said in a statement . It said its story about Brown 's son "  originated from a member of the public whose family has also experienced cystic fibrosis " and wanted to highlight the plight of those afflicted with the disease . "  The individual has provided a written affidavit this afternoon to a lawyer confirming this , " the statement said . The efforts to obtain information about Brown and his family dated back some 10 years , and include periods when Brown was prime minister and chancellor of the exchequer , according to the Guardian . Brown declined several CNN requests for an interview about the allegations . The latest allegations follow Sunday 's closure of the News of the World over other allegations of illegal breach of privacy . The decision to pull the plug on the 168-year-old paper came amid accusations that its reporters illegally eavesdropped on the phone messages of murder and terrorist victims , politicians and celebrities , as well as claims it may have bribed police officers . Police said Thursday they had identified almost 4,000 potential targets of phone-hacking . London 's Metropolitan Police Monday angrily blasted leaks from its investigation into illegal eavesdropping by News of the World , shortly after British media reported that the paper tried to bribe royal protection officers to get private phone numbers for members of the royal family . Police said News International had shared information about alleged efforts by reporters to bribe police , and that both sides had agreed to keep the information confidential . Police said they were "  extremely concerned and disappointed " at the leaks , which they said "  could have a significant impact on the corruption investigation . " Police , the royal family and News International all refused to answer CNN questions about allegations that a reporter sought company money to pay a royal protection officer for the confidential details about the royal family . The controversy over phone hacking has continued despite the shuttering of News of the World . Murdoch has not apologized to the family of a murdered British teenage girl whose phone messages were illegally intercepted , a lawyer for 13-year-old murder victim Milly Dowler 's family said Monday . Brooks has been promoted to chief executive of News International , and Murdoch has stood by her . Murdoch flew Sunday to London , hours after the final edition of News of the World hit the stands . The publication was the first British national paper Murdoch bought , in 1969 , as he began to propel himself from Australian newspaper proprietor to international media magnate . With its closure , News International now owns the Sun , The Times and The Sunday Times in Britain . Murdoch 's News Corporation also encompasses Fox News , The Wall Street Journal , the New York Post and Harper Collins publishers . CNN 's Jim Boulden , Andy Carey and Dan Rivers contributed to this report .	NEW : "  Anybody who was complicit ... potentially is vulnerable , " panel head says Ex-editor for News of the World , Murdoch son also to testify The government will back a call for Murdoch to drop his bid for BSkyB , a source says The Sunday Times says it pursued stories about Gordon Brown in the public interest
CNN  -- In an agreement that the National Association for the Deaf  NAD  calls "  a model for the streaming video industry , " Netflix has agreed to caption all of its shows by the year 2014 . The online-streaming giant is already captioning 82 percent of its videos , according to the consent decree -LSB- PDF -RSB- filed in court yesterday . Now , it 's bound to finish its entire library , reaching the 90 percent mark in 2013 and 100 percent by 2014 . The company has also agreed to speedily caption new content . The agreement says that Netflix will put captions on new content within 30 days by 2014 ; within 14 days by 2015 ; and within 7 days by 2016 , "  and shall strive to reach a point at which Conforming Captions are provided simultaneously with launch at all times . " Netflix provides its service on more than 1,000 devices ; its captioning service works on most , but not all , of those.The company promises to make "  good faith , diligent efforts " to get it working on all devices , but it is n't obligated to get 100 % device compatibility . The agreement ends a class-action lawsuit that NAD filed in 2010 , claiming that Netflix 's website was a "  place of public accommodation " that was out of compliance with the Americans with Disabilities Act . While the parties have made nice now , Netflix spent a fair amount of time trying to get the lawsuit kicked out first . Netflix said that the ADA did n't apply in this case , because it was superseded by a new law directing the FCC to set rules for online captioning . In June , however , Netflix definitively lost that argument , when a Massachusetts federal judge ruled -LSB- PDF -RSB- that the new law was meant to "  complement , not supplant " the Americans with Disabilities Act . "  The National Association of the Deaf congratulates Netflix for committing to 100 percent captioning , and is thrilled to announce that 48 million deaf and hard of hearing people will be able to fully access Netflix 's Watch Instantly services , " said NAD CEO Howard Rosenblum in a press release accompanying the decree . As part of the consent decree , Netflix will pay $ 755,000 to plaintiffs ' lawyers who prosecuted the lawsuit , as well as $ 40,000 for the decree to be implemented over the next four years . COPYRIGHT 2011 ARSTECHNICA.COM	Netflix agrees to subtitle all movies by 2014 National Association for the deaf calls Netflix pledge "  model for the streaming video industry " Agreement ends a lawsuit the association filed in 2010
CNN  -- What a difference 500 years makes . Paintings of Juan Ponce de Leon portray the 16th century Spanish explorer wearing armor and a feather in his cap as he set out on his journeys by boat . Now another Spaniard and self-described adventurer is retracing his path , wearing spandex pants and a neon yellow jacket -- and riding on a water scooter . Alvaro de Marichalar left San Juan , Puerto Rico , on Wednesday and hopes to arrive in St. Augustine , Florida , next month to mark the 500th anniversary of Ponce de Leon 's arrival there . Followers can use Twitter to track the progress of de Marichalar -- who made it into the record books when he was the first person to cross the Atlantic on a water scooter in 2002 . He told CNN affiliate WAPA that he plans to make the first stop of his more than 1,600-mile journey in Punta Cana , Dominican Republic . CNN en Espa  ol 's Rebeca Perez Arocho contributed to this report .	Alvaro de Marichalar is tracing explorer Ponce de Leon 's path on a water scooter He left San Juan , Puerto Rico , on Wednesday and is heading to Florida Followers can track his progress on Twitter
CNN  -- Golf 's $ 10 million jackpot is well and truly up for grabs this weekend after the FedExCup series pacesetters faltered in Friday 's second round . Five players are guaranteed to take home the loot if they can claim the Tour Championship 's additional $ 1.44 million first prize on Sunday , but it was Adam Scott who moved into pole position at the halfway stage . The Australian started the week 19th in the PGA Tour 's standings , but a five-under-par 65 at East Lake gave him a one-shot tournament lead and catapulted him into top spot in the end-of-season playoffs . Webb Simpson , who leads the FedEx standings , was tied for 19th after his 70 -- which dropped him below Scott in the projected points . He bounced back from four early bogeys with a late birdie and an eagle . "  I 've got to win and I imagine Webb must have to finish pretty low to give me a chance , " Scott , who birdied the last two holes for the second day in a row , told the PGA Tour website . "  I just figured if I win this week , I 'll be happy no matter what . I 'll finish what I think has been a really good season , moving in the right direction with everything , and look forward to next season . " Veteran Korean K.J. Choi matched the resurgent Scott , who has bloomed since taking on Tiger Woods ' former caddy Steve Williams . Choi went into the weekend on seven-under 133 to be one shot clear of another in-form Australian , Jason Day , and world No. 1 Luke Donald . "  You never know what can happen in the next two days , " said Choi , who regularly donates part of his winnings to charities . "  You know , if I were able to win that money ... I could put the money to good use through my foundation . But there 's still two days left , so all I can do is try to finish it out and hope for the best . " Donald was the best of the top five as the Englishman carded 68 , one shot worse than Day . Big-hitting Bubba Watson burst into contention with a 64 to be tied for fifth with first-round leader Keegan Bradley , Bill Haas  67  and Hunter Mahan  68  . Bradley , who won his first major at nearby Atlanta Athletic Club six weeks ago , followed up his opening 64 with a 71 . Fellow American Jason Dufner , who he beat in a playoff at the PGA Championship , was another shot back on 136 after a 70 . No. 2 Dustin Johnson suffered two double bogeys in his 73 to fall to a tie for 26th in the 30-man field to a projected fourth overall . England 's No. 3 Justin Rose was in a group of three at the bottom of the heap after a 75 dented his hopes .	Adam Scott leads at the halfway stage of the Tour Championship in Atlanta Australian shoots five-under 65 to move one clear of Korea 's K.J. Choi He also takes top spot in FedEx Cup points projections from Webb Simpson Simpson one of five players who will claim $ 10 million with victory on Sunday
CNN  -- Looking like a tourist can cost you money and pride . Looking like a local can open you up to even greater harassment . Read our survivor 's guide , split the difference and come away with your upper lip intact . 1 . Getting around Travel around the UK is relatively simple . Yes , they drive on the left , but do n't be daunted . Most roads are so narrow that it does n't make any difference which side you 're on . Be prepared when driving distances of more than 20 miles . These can be epic undertakings on Britain 's congested highways , but the misery of gridlocked traffic will be more than compensated for by road signs pointing to places with names like Ramsbottom , Throcking and Goole . Britain has an extensive and efficient rail network , which only ever grinds to a halt when the weather turns hot , cold , wet or dry . Tickets are expensive but you can find cheap fares by booking eight or nine years in advance of travel . Try : The Night Riviera sleeper train from London to Penzance then a drive or hike around the spectacular Cornish Coast . More : 10 of London 's oldest , greatest pubs 2 . Climate There are warm days in the UK , but you know you 're in a damp country when the merest hint of sunshine is front page news . Britain has four seasons , and while the transitions between them can be pleasant , each is typically as wet , gray and cold as the last . All are considered by Brits to be "  ice cream weather . " Whatever the climate throws at you , be prepared for endless conversations about it . These need n't be dull since , like Eskimos with snow , Brits have a impressive lexicon for rain . If you hear the word "  mizzle , " it probably means a light shower . Or maybe a low quality Snoop Dogg track . Try : The Royal Botanic Gardens . Dazzling spring and fall displays , but enough hot houses to ward off the worst of the weather  Kew , Richmond , London ; +442083325655  . More : The world 's best city is ... 3 . Royalty Do n't be duped by Downton Abbey . Britain has come a long way since the days when ordinary folk were awestruck by aristocracy . This is a modern country where all are born equal and social rewards are based on merit . This is why few British people bothered turning up when a blue-blooded chap married his sweetheart in 2011 . It 's why barely anyone noticed when she gave birth a couple of years later . And it 's also why no one batted an eyelid when his flame-haired brother got naked in Vegas . OK , none of that is true . British people are as in thrall to their royal family as you are . And they 're willing to sell you a Wills 'n' Kate souvenir tea towel with matching oven mitts to prove it . Try : Windsor Castle . Sprawling royal residence west of London where Queen Elizabeth II can occasionally be spotted in her natural habitat  Windsor , +442077667304  . More : Photos : Prince George 's christening 4 . History Britain has so many ancient attractions , it 's hard to know where to start . And if you do manage to visit all the sites of historical interest , archeologists will simply dig up the bones of another 15th-century king from under a parking lot , just to annoy you . But since some Brits are only aware of two key dates -- a French invasion in 1066 and an England soccer World Cup victory 900 years later -- you do n't need to try too hard to catch up . Try visiting the northern city of York , where you can wallow in 2,000 years of British history in one location . Or Bath , where you can do the same and also wallow in a nice thermal bath  Hot Bath Street , Bath ; +448448880844  . Try : York Castle Museum . Compelling and sometimes gruesome stroll down Britain 's memory lane  York Castle Museum , York ; +441904687687 More : 5 travel relationship killers 5 . Tea There may be coffee shops on every UK street corner , but Britain is resolutely a tea-drinking nation . Vast lakes of insipid infusions are consumed on a daily basis . Visitors will note the almost mandatory provision of a miniscule electric jug , or kettle , in every hotel room . It will take four hours to boil half a cup , but for many Brits this is an essential lifeline . There is n't any crisis they believe ca n't be solved with a nice cup of tea , and perhaps a biscuit . When preparing tea , there are rituals to be observed . Use boiling water and , if you must resort to tea bags , always add the milk last . Failure to do so will result in such distress that it may take another cup of tea to calm everyone down again . Try : For posh tea , try Fortum & Masons  181 Piccadilly , London ; +448456025694  . For normal , head to the Regency Caf   17-19 Regency St. , London ; +442078216596  . 6 . Language Even if you 're fluent in English , you may experience linguistic difficulties in the UK . Regional dialects vary extensively in the space of a few miles , resulting in bafflement even among locals . If you ca n't understand what a British person is saying , it 's fairly safe to assume it 's either a  . something about the weather  see climate above  , or b  . an apology . British people love apologizing : they 're sorry to trouble you , sorry they ca n't be more helpful , sorry about the rain and sorry about invading your country in 1762 , or whenever it was . They also love apologizing when it 's not even their fault : they 're sorry that you bumped into them , sorry you knocked them to the floor and sorry that you are repeatedly thwacking them over the head and telling them to stop apologizing . Be warned though , it 's contagious . Try : Glasgow . Scotland 's second city is reputedly the UK 's politest . Perhaps it 's the impenetrable accents . Or the awful weather . More : Want better sex ? Travel more 7 . Cuisine Britain 's bland national diet has been revolutionized by South Asian migrants whose spicy concoctions are now firm favorites sold on every high street . Meanwhile , pubs that once nourished customers with despondent sandwiches are now studded with Michelin stars . But do n't be fooled . They might pretend to love fine dining , but when on the hoof , many Brits still prefer to fill their faces with offal and saturated fat . Few journeys are made within the United Kingdom that are n't catered with sausage rolls , Cornish pasties and Scotch eggs . Visitors troubled by the sight of greasy meat should also be warned of three words that will strike fear -- if not full-blown cardiovascular seizures -- into their hearts : Full . English . Breakfast . Try : Offally good food : St. John Bar and Restaurant  St. John Street , London ; +442072510848  . Offally average : Any branch of Greggs bakery . 8 . Television Be sure to take time out from your travels to sample a few hours of British television , but seek not the polished period dramas that are easily exported to other countries . Where British TV excels is in its celebration of the lives of ordinary , dare we say boring , citizens . The UK 's three most popular soaps focus not on the beautiful or the damned , but on normal folk engaged in humdrum tasks like buying cheese , arguing about pottery or tending to their farms . Talking of farms , every spring since 2010 British television has dedicated numerous prime time hours to some of the best reality TV ever conceived : live coverage of the annual lambing season . Keep up with that , Kardashians ! Try : Tour locations from the UK 's sheep-heavy "  Emmerdale " soap : dull plots , stunning scenery  Brit Movie Tours ; +448442471007	Tedious road journeys are offset with entertaining place names like Ramsbottom , Throcking and Goole Prepare for endless conversations about weather -- probably identical whatever season it is Coffee shops everywhere , but Britain is a tea-drinking nation . Vast lakes of insipid infusions are consumed daily
Rolling Stone  -- An impossibly high-pitched "  aaahh " ascended from a churchy organ vamp , proclaiming D'Angelo 's arrival on the biggest stage he has played since his legendary Voodoo tour . Clad in rugged boots , leather vest and trademark tanktop  all black  , he appeared with a perfect confidence and poise that belied his recently broken 12-year hiatus from the stage . His performance at the Essence Music Festival in New Orleans has been anticipated as D'Angelo 's American comeback , but the reclusive R&B polymath has been unfolding a cautious return . It began this January with a short European club tour , which confirmed that he had n't lost an ounce of mojo . He also added a batch of new songs to his repertoire . The Essence show was the first U.S. gig on the books , but he warmed up to his big night by jamming covers with "  co-pilot " ? uestlove at Bonnaroo , playing a new song on TV for the BET Awards , and running through a full set -- a dress rehearsal of sorts -- on the 4th of July at the House of Blues in Los Angeles . So come Essence Fest , D'Angelo and his band of virtuoso studio pros  including Pino Palladino on bass and Chris "  Daddy " Dave on the drums  were locked in tight . They articulated every breathy , rhythmic nuance from D'Angelo 's distinctive palate . One song instantly became another when D'Angelo clutched his fist -- classic stage magic he picked up from his idols , or "  yodas , " as he calls them . The frequent falsetto yelps -- "  good God ! " -- suggested the night 's yoda du jour was James Brown , although his side-by-side guitar solos with Jesse Johnson  from the Time  found D playing at Prince as well . D'Angelo coolly picked along to "  Playa Playa " on guitar and sang a breezy take on Roberta Flack 's "  Feel Like Makin ' Love , " embellished by the lush harmonies of his powerhouse backup vocalists . A new song known as "  Ai n't That Easy " followed , featuring a chunky bass riff that gave way to some of D 's most accessible melodies . He 's so comfortable playing the new material that it 's easy to hear the songs as centerpieces of future shows . He ditched the guitar for "  Devil 's Pie , " which freed up his body to muscularly saunter about the stage and viciously headbang with dynamo vocalist Kendra Foster . A sturdy "  Chicken Grease " led into the gentle "  Really Love , " an unreleased song that ? uestlove leaked on Australian radio back in 2007 , which featured D 's high-flying , taught falsetto accompanied by smooth guitar licks . The 70-minute festival set was brief for D 's shows , so many of the grooves were abbreviated . Yet one song that got completely deconstructed and jammed back together was "  S ** t , Damn , Motherf *** er . " The pleading opening verse was the band 's most intense , raw moment . As the song revved up , D and his singers stalked around the stage in a frenzy , resulting in some toppled drums . Despite the spike in energy onstage , much of the crowd remained politely subdued . D'Angelo 's set came between Trey Songz and Charlie Wilson , both of whom quickly had the mostly female , mostly adult Essence attendees on their feet . After Songz ' saccharine crooning , D'Angelo sounded downright unruly , almost abrasive . R&B is a nebulous descriptor , but D'Angelo 's funk and soul abstractions highlighted how his approach to the genre is distinct from the festival 's other acts . Still , he has one undeniable number , and it successfully ensnared the audience . Solo on piano , he abruptly banged out the opening chord to "  Untitled  How Does It Feel  , " and the energy in the Superdome immediately focused into a deafening flurry of screams . He stopped playing , stood up , shook his head , then flashed a cheeky grin . In perfect time , he gracefully returned to his infamous mega-hit , played beautifully and stripped bare . "  Untitled " provided the crowd nostalgic pleasure that doubled as a gateway into the richness of D'Angelo 's prodigious talents , if maybe a few songs too late . A well-timed "  Lady " broke the slow jam spell , and he closed out with his superb new funk thumper , "  Sugah Daddy . " He rode his new groove until the show 's close , screaming , wailing , and frantically conducting the band 's final notes . As the heir-apparent to practically every iconic soul singer , the pressure to finish his third studio album and get back on the road has been markedly high , but his solid performance on the big stage proves he has yet to flinch . The comeback will continue later this summer when D'Angelo tours with Mary J. Blige , Essence 's Saturday headliner . Just before D 's set , Blige commented on the upcoming tour to Rolling Stone , saying "  I felt like it would be refreshing and fun for people to see him and Mary J. Blige on the road together . " Their tour will make 20 stops in August . See full story at RollingStone.com . Copyright  2011 Rolling Stone .	R & B singer D'Angelo returned to the stage at Essence Fest after a 12-year hiatus It was his first official U.S. gig , though he mad appearances at Bonnaroo and the BET Awards The singer is heading out on tour with Mary J. Blige
CNN  -- UPS has trucks up and running Thursday -- and hopes that holiday cheer may assuage the frustrations of angry customers . The shipping giant 's backlog left some Americans with gifts missing from under the Christmas tree Wednesday . "  We 're terribly sorry , " spokeswoman Natalie Black told CNN . FedEx was late with some deliveries as well , but those were "  isolated incidents , " the company said in a statement Thursday . FedEx "  experienced no major service disruptions in the week before Christmas despite heavy volume . Every single package is important to us , and we will continue to work directly with customers to address any isolated incidents , " the statement said . On Wednesday , FedEx spokesman Scott Fiedler told The Associated Press , "  We 're sorry that there could be delays and we 're contacting affected customers who have shipments available for pickup . " The U.S. Postal Service had no immediate comment on whether it experienced any similar delays . Spokeswoman Zy Richardson said in an e-mail , "  We take great pride in delivering packages for our customers in time for their holiday . ... Our carriers continued to deliver mail on Christmas Day , in many locations , to make sure everyone enjoyed their holiday . " UPS did some package sorting Wednesday , but the company stuck to its plan to make no deliveries on Christmas , giving drivers a break after doing a lot of special deliveries Sunday . Both UPS and FedEx noted they were handling hundreds of millions of shipments in a compressed holiday shopping time frame , because Thanksgiving was later than usual this year . FedEx is projected to handle 275 million shipments , and "  operated with very high service levels -- over 99 % at FedEx Ground , for example -- during our busiest time of the year , " Fiedler 's statement said . Black , at UPS , said that last week , during the peak of shipping season , "  we projected to deliver more than 132 million packages . " The company got more air shipments than it expected and was already dealing with a backlog from previous severe weather in the Dallas area , Black said . "  Thanks for totally screwing us AND lying about it all day , " customer Mo Husseini posted on Twitter in response to a UPS tweet . Some packages declared ` delivered ' were n't , customers say Some UPS customers said they received tracking notices stating their packages had been delivered . But they were n't . And they complained about their experience on Twitter . "  Expected 3 packages on Xmas eve . All marked ` Delivered - Left at Other - Released ' at exactly 5 pm , " Von Hertzog tweeted . "  No delivery made here . Answers ? " UPS customer support tweeted back , providing an e-mail address to help get the situation resolved . But the company had no immediate comment Thursday about what may have happened . "  We know how hard it is for everyone to receive their holiday packages , and we 're working around the clock to resolve this issue , " Black said Wednesday . On the company 's Facebook page , Melissa Gilbreath wrote that she ordered her sons ' gifts on December 9 , but the packages have sat in Fort Worth , Texas , since December 18 . "  I realize it is not about the gifts but that is part of Christmas , " she wrote . But the Facebook page is also filled with messages from people who say they are UPS employees and proud of their work and the company . "  We all work really hard and I think people have too high of expectations , " Misty Fulton wrote . Amazon responds Online retailers who promised customers delivery in time for Christmas have been affected by UPS ' problems . Some customers received messages from Amazon.com alerting them of the "  failure in the UPS transportation network . " In the message , the company offered to refund shipping charges and provide gift cards . "  Amazon fulfillment centers processed and tendered customer orders to delivery carriers on time for holiday delivery , " spokeswoman Mary Osako told CNN . "  We are reviewing the performance of the delivery carriers . " "  We have a relationship with Amazon . We will definitely work with all of our retailers , " Black said . "  We 're going to make good on our service commitments . What that exactly entails I do n't know , but we 'll work with them to maintain that relationship . " After January 2 , the day the industry processes returns of holiday gifts , the company will examine what happened and gauge its contingency planning and losses , she said . Weather has caused delays in previous years . Technical glitches have as well , but Black said it 's been "  quite some time " since that happened . Medicine did n't arrive The backlog is n't just affecting Christmas presents . The Warren family of Heath , Texas , had to go a few days without special medicine their 14-year-old son needs in order to eat . "  It was just sitting " at a UPS outlet in Mesquite , where the family finally picked it up , Patrick Warren told CNN affiliate WFAA-TV on Tuesday . "  People are really upset in there . They have security guards , " one woman outside the UPS distribution center in Fort Worth told WFAA . CNN 's Lateef Mungin , Ryan Rios and Janet DiGiacomo contributed to this report .	NEW : FedEx had "  isolated incidents , " the company says Some customers say UPS packages were declared "  delivered " but were n't The U.S. Postal Service says it did some deliveries on Christmas Amazon refunds shipping for UPS packages and offers gift cards
CNN  -- The U.S. Supreme Court refused Wednesday to block the scheduled execution of a Missouri death row inmate after briefly granting a stay . In their three-sentence order , the justices gave no explanation for ultimately denying the last-chance appeals filed by lawyers for Herbert Smulls . He was set to be given a lethal injection overnight , but the appeals were filed with the high court mid-evening Tuesday , when five of the justices were preparing to attend President Barack Obama 's State of the Union address . Shortly after the speech ended , Justice Samuel Alito -- who did not attend -- issued an order delaying the capital punishment , "  pending further order " of the court . Court officials at the time offered no reason , but the nine justices likely wanted more time to fully consider the various appeals . There was no noted dissent . Smulls , 56 , was convicted of killing Stephen Honickman and wounding his wife , Florence , while robbing their Chesterfield jewelry store in 1991 . His lawyers had filed last-minute appeals , saying the state ought to disclose the compounding pharmacy that would provide the lethal injection drug .	Smulls was sentenced to death for killing a jewelry store owner Defense : State should disclose pharmacy providing the injection drug
LONDON  CNN  -- The search for missing workers in a flooded Wales coal mine ended tragically Friday as rescuers discovered the fourth and final man 's body , South Wales police said . Authorities identified the men as Phillip Hill , 45 , from Neath ; and Charles Breslin , 62 , David Powell , 50 , and Garry Jenkins , 39 , all from the Swansea Valley . Searchers have recovered all of the bodies , police said . Three other miners escaped Thursday after water rushed into the area where the men were working , apparently after they broke through to a neighboring abandoned mine , Rescue Officer Andrew Watson said . One of the surviving miners was hospitalized . His condition was not immediately known . First Minister Carwyn Jones , who leads the Welsh government , paid tribute to the efforts of rescue workers and families of the miners before the discovery of the fourth was announced . "  My thoughts and deepest sympathies are with all of the families as this horrifying news filters through , " he said . "  The people of Wales , and indeed people across the world stand together in solidarity with the families through this terrible tragedy . " The British government will carry out a full investigation into the incident , Welsh Secretary Cheryl Gillan said in a statement released Friday . As of June 2011 , 1,500 people in Wales worked in the mining industry . according to government figures . In a drift mine like the one where the men were trapped , coal is excavated from the side of a hill using shafts that are almost horizontal . CNN 's Laura Perez Maestro and Laura Smith-Spark contributed to this report .	Rescuers locate the body of the fourth and final man missing in a Wales coal mine The mine flooded on Thursday All four bodies have been recovered ; three other miners escaped
CNN  -- Liverpool striker Ryan Babel has been fined # 10,000  $ 15,890  by the English Football Association  FA  for posting doctored photos of referee Howard Webb on his Twitter blog . Babel was found guilty of improper conduct Monday by an FA regulatory commission and warned about his future conduct . He is the first Premier League footballer to be charged and fined for "  inappropriate " tweeting . The Dutch international used his Twitter account to criticize Webb , who took charge of Liverpool 's FA Cup third round match against Manchester United . World Cup final referee Webb awarded United a disputed penalty and then sent off Liverpool captain Steven Gerrard as they slipped to a 1-0 defeat in Kenny Dalglish 's first match at the Anfield helm . Babel later posted a mocked-up picture of Webb wearing a Manchester United shirt and also wrote : "  And they call him one of the best referees ? That 's a joke . " He later apologized and said it was meant to be light-hearted , but the FA took a dim view . Dalglish makes losing start as Liverpool go out Commission chariman Roger Burden said : "  Social network sites must be regarded as being in the public domain . "  All participants need to be aware , in the same way as if making a public statement in other forms of media , that any comments would be transmitted to a wider audience . "  It is their responsibility to ensure only appropriate comments are used . " Babel had run into trouble on Twitter before , being forced to apologize to former Liverpool manager Rafael Benitez for comments he published after being dropped . Meanwhile , Manchester United full-back Rafael has been charged with improper conduct by the FA for his outburst at referee Mike Dean after being sent off in Sunday 's goalless draw at Tottenham . Rafael was sent off for a second yellow card for a foul on Benoit Assou-Ekotto in the second half .	NEW : Manchester United 's Rafael charged with improper conduct Ryan Babel is the first footballer to be charged by FA over a Twitter posting Babel used a mock-up picture of referee Howard Webb and made derogatory comments The Dutch international could face a ban if found guilty of charges
CNN  -- Sebastian Vettel and his Red Bull team have left their Formula One rivals trailing in their wake during a three-year domination of the sport . But ahead of the 2013 season getting underway in Australia later this month , it is the triple world champion and his all-conquering team which has some catching up to do after a preseason which has not gone entirely to plan . Red Bull , and every other team , was left in Mercedes ' rear-view mirrors at the final preseason test in Barcelona last weekend , with Vettel failing to top the charts at any of the offseason practice . Vettel insists there is still time for Red Bull to turn it around ahead of 2013 's curtain raiser on March 17 , when he will begin his bid to become only the third driver to win four consecutive championships . "  I would have loved to work more on the set-up , but I do n't think that this is only me . I think everybody struggled in that area , " the 25-year-old told Formula One 's official website . "  We can not be satisfied with the state of affairs right now ... there is still time before Melbourne to make some significant changes . " Vettel has been left frustrated by the tires introduced by the sport 's official supplier Pirelli , which are softer than in 2012 . Pirelli claim the new tires will speed up races and promote overtaking . "  It is extremely difficult to pinpoint any exact area we are not satisfied with because the tires are not consistent enough , " continued Vettel . "  We need to have a good look at the data between now and Melbourne to have a better understanding of what to expect in Australia and the first few races of the season . In my opinion , lap times did n't matter all through the winter tests . " Regardless of preseason statistics , Vettel will be the man every driver on the grid will be targeting when the lights go out at Melbourne 's Albert Park . "  I would say that we never had a winter that was less conclusive than this one : the tires last more or less , depending on how much temperature you are able to create , " added Vettel . "  So I think it is impossible for all of us to read the pace of the cars and to make out any favorites . " Vettel will now head back to the team 's British base in Milton Keynes before taking some time out ahead of the start of the campaign . "  Immediately into the simulator ! " said Vettel when asked what was next on his agenda . "  To continue where we left business on Sunday . "  We will then sit down and filter and interpret all the data that we have collected over the testing period to see what we can read out of it . "  Finally , before heading to Melbourne I will allow myself some final quiet days before the season starts with all its force . " Vettel made a slow start to the 2012 as there were eight different winners in the first eight races , but a run of four straight victories in the autumn set him on the way to his title triple , while Red Bull retained the constructors ' title .	Sebastian Vettel not satisfied with Red Bull 's preseason testing The German has not topped the time sheets at any of the testing events The Red Bull driver is the youngest triple world champion in Formula One history The 2013 Formula One season begins with the Australian Grand Prix on March 17
Google has heard all the concerns about Glass , its digital headset expected to hit the market by the end of the year . They 've heard people 's fears they 'll be secretly recorded by a Glass-wearing creeper . They know somebody 's going to be stupid and drive while using them . And , yes , they know that some people might think you 're a "  Glasshole . " So , now , they 're serving up a list of "  do 's " and "  do n'ts " to avoid those awkward moments and get the most out of what may be the most high-profile entry in the emerging wearable-tech market . On its website for Glass , Google has posted advice for testers in its current Explorer program and , presumably , the folks who will be entering the world of Glass when the headset goes on sale to the public . Here 's a breakdown of some of our favorites . DO : Ask for permission "  Standing alone in the corner of a room staring at people while recording them through Glass is not going to win you any friends , " Google says . "  The Glass camera function is no different from a cell phone so behave as you would with your phone and ask permission before taking photos or videos of others . " Fears about privacy around Google Glass have been one of the device 's biggest hurdles on its path toward acceptance . Restaurants have banned them , and complete strangers have confronted testers because of the device 's ability to shoot photos and video . Easing those fears will be important for Google as it moves forward . DO N'T : Be creepy or rude  aka a "  Glasshole " Yes , Google itself used the derogatory term "  Glasshole "  although it 's been massaged into a description of bad behavior , as opposed to its broader meaning as a slur , voiced by some critics , used to describe anybody wearing the headset  . This is the flip side of the first entry . "  If you 're asked to turn your phone off , turn Glass off as well , " Google writes . "  Breaking the rules or being rude will not get businesses excited about Glass and will ruin it for other Explorers . " DO : Take advantage of the Glass voice commands This is the real advantage of a lot of wearable tech . You do n't have to fiddle around with it like you do a smartphone . But we mostly just like Google 's hypothetical scenarios here : "  Glass can free your hands up to do other things like golfing , cooking , or juggling flaming torches while balancing on a beach ball . " DO N'T : Glass out Google is pushing Glass as a way of getting quick updates or performing quick actions , as a complement to other mobile devices instead of a replacement . "  If you find yourself staring off into the prism for long periods of time you 're probably looking pretty weird to the people around you , " the post reads . "  So do n't read War and Peace on Glass . " DO : Use screen lock Once you 've customized your Glass , bad guys who get their hands on it will have access to your e-mail and other sources of personal information , just as if they 'd snagged your phone or laptop . DO N'T : Wear it and expect to be ignored Google is treating its Explorers  many of whom forked over $ 1,500 for the right to say they were first  as walking billboards for the product . They do n't want those billboards acting like ... well ... Glassholes . "  If you 're worried about someone interrupting that romantic dinner at a nice restaurant with a question about Glass , just take it off and put it around the back of your neck or in your bag , " says Google . Around the back of your neck ? That sounds like a fashion faux pas -- and another "  do n't " to us .	Google is offering tips for Google Glass etiquette Company encourages users to ask permission to shoot photos , video Also ? Do n't be a "  Glasshole , " it says Glass connected eyewear is expected to hit the market by the end of the year
East St. Louis , Illinois  CNN  -- In a letter sent to the East St. Louis school board in April , the Illinois superintendent of education said the board was engaged in acts of corruption . Specifically , the letter alleges , board members tried to hire unqualified family members to administrative positions . The letter also alleges that board members stonewalled reforms , disobeyed state rules , mishandled important personnel issues and hired a lawyer who has never counseled the board , at a cost of $ 6,000 per month . State Superintendent Christopher Koch has ordered the state to take over the district . But in an interview with CNN , school board member and former East St. Louis Mayor Carl Officer says it is the state that 's corrupt . He denies the charges of widespread cronyism and blames poor performance at the schools on greedy politicians and "  poor parenting . " Officer is suing the state to keep local control of the board . Caught in the middle are the approximately 7,000 students attending schools in the district . East St. Louis is an impoverished , blighted and economically depressed area . There are many abandoned lots and partially burned houses . Violent crime in the city is more than 15 times higher than the rest of nation , according to police statistics . The unemployment rate was 13.9 % in May 2012 , more than five percentage points higher than the national average . U.S. Census figures show 41 % of the 27,000 residents live below the poverty line . Louis Jones grew up in East St. Louis . The 17-year-old brought the school district 's problems to our attention through his video submission . Jones , who says he was "  lucky " because he went to a private school , lived next to an East St. Louis middle school . Although Jones did n't attend public school , he says his friends that did often complained about poor teachers , a lack of school support , and shoddy classroom conditions . Watch Lewis Jones ' original story on CNN iReport "  It was extremely horrible , " Jones says . "  The teachers did n't really care . They were basically there to have a job , and they did n't really care for the kids . Like , they did n't learn anything . They came out with basically nothing . Nobody ever took books , nobody ever took a backpack , nobody , like ... it was almost like it was n't even a school , it was just like a day care center . " According to the most recent U.S. Census statistics , more than 25 % of youth in East St. Louis did not graduate high school . Only 11 % of students met or exceeded exceeded proficiency standards in math and reading in 2011 . East St. Louis High School student Danasia McDonald says some of her teachers will show movies during class time . McDonald recalls a time that her teacher insulted the entire class . "  We  were  working on something , and  the teacher  was moving too slow , " McDonald recalls . When they tried to tell the teacher that they were retreading old ground , the teacher , according to McDonald , said : "  Well , we dumb the lesson down for you all so you all can get it . You act like y' all ca n't comprehend . " Hear from another student who lives on the other side of the river For over a month , CNN Radio contacted several East St. Louis schools for comment , including East St. Louis High School , but those calls were not returned . Schools in the district had closed for summer recess when CNN Radio made the phone calls . "  You got to realize that kids are coming from homes that are distraught ... divorces , job losses  and  family problems , " says Brenda Mitchell , an elementary school teacher who works for the adjacent Cahokia School District . Mitchell says many of her students will attend middle and high school in East St. Louis . "  It 's just not  the lack of  money for our district , but there 's , you know , a lot of challenges we in education have to face , and we have to pick them up from where they are and take them on forward , " Mitchell says . Officer says the problems in the district are no different than those in other blighted and economically depressed areas . "  Quite frankly , what happens here is probably not any different than what 's happening in Harlem or Cleveland or Appalachia , " Officer says . "  There 's no difference between a fifth-grade student in West Virginia and a fifth-grade student in Louisiana or California . It really starts with the basic premises of having a moral commitment by parents . I do n't care how good the teachers are or how much money you have inside of the school district . Unless a parent wants to see their child succeed , you 're fighting an uphill battle . " What could have been better about your education ? Share your story with CNN iReport . Several studies , including one from the child welfare foundation America 's Promise Alliance , show a high dropout rate in the nation 's 50 largest cities . In those cities , only 53 % of high school students graduate within four years . That rate drops further in urban schools in economically depressed areas ; Indianapolis , Cleveland , Baltimore and Los Angeles all have low graduation rates . For example , in Cleveland , only 34 % students graduated in 2009 from inner city high schools , according to the America 's Promise Alliance study . Listen to CNN Radio 's story from East St. Louis CNN iReporter and East St. Louis native , Louis Jones , says the federal government has to do more to improve public education , especially in blighted areas . Jones says he wants to see President Barack Obama and the GOP challenger , former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney , make a top policy priority the improvement of public education , especially in inner cities . Jones also says he would like to see inner city students given more of a voice in their education . "  I feel like students should have the right to evaluate their class and their teacher , " Jones says . "  I feel like teacher evaluations by the student , and looking at their academic record , I 'm pretty sure you can tell a good teacher from a bad teacher . " See all of the Embed America coverage here . And track the Embed team 's progress on our map . CNN 's Gavin Godfrey and Jonathan Binder contributed to this report .	School data show just over 50 % of male students graduate from East St. Louis schools Only 10 % of all students tested show proficiency in math and reading Members of the East St. Louis School Board are fighting state to prevent their ouster Follow CNN Radio 's Embed America trip on our map
