CNN  -- There was something odd about the 30 suitcases that showed up on a flight from Venezuela . The colorful bags were n't registered to any of the passengers on the plane . When French officials opened them up , they discovered why -- 1.3 tons of pure cocaine were stuffed inside the anonymous bags . The street value of the stash ? About 200 million euros , or $ 270 million . $ 2.6 million in cocaine found in British woman 's luggage The catch was made on September 11 , but French authorities did n't publicize the find until Saturday . On Sunday , Venezuela 's Public Ministry said that authorities had detained three members of the National Guard in connection with the incident . It was n't immediately clear exactly what they are accused of doing . Woman busted in Spain for cocaine in breast implants The suitcases came from Caracas aboard an Air France flight to Paris , but did not match any of the passengers on board , CNN affiliate BFMTV reported . "  Several " people have been taken in custody , French Interior Minister Manuel Valls told reporters Saturday . Authorities worked with Spanish , British and Dutch police on the investigation , BFMTV said . This case "  illustrates the importance of strengthening International cooperation in the fight against traffickers , " Valls said . Venezuelan authorities are also investigating . The Public Ministry said prosecutors will investigate , along with the Counterdrug Command of the National Guard in Simon Bolivar International Airport , to see if any criminal activity took place . Suspected drug smugglers sail to jail CNN 's Christabelle Fombu and Nelson Quinones contributed to this report .	NEW : Venezuela says it has detained three members of the National Guard The cocaine traveled in 30 colorful suitcases from Venezuela to France The bags were n't registered to any of the passengers on the flight Several people have been taken into custody , France 's interior minister said
CNN  -- Prince William and the Duchess of Cambridge were both on hand to give an elite football facility aimed at ending England 's 46-year wait for a second World Cup triumph the royal seal of approval . The $ 168-million St. George 's Park complex in the town of Burton-upon-Trent , which has taken 18 months to build , will house all 24 England teams from junior hopefuls through to senior stars . "  Coming here this morning , seeing these wonderful facilities and beautiful surroundings -- just experiencing this extraordinary place - gave me the same feelings I had when I first went to the Olympic Park , " William , who is president of the English Football Association  FA  declared . England 's new national headquarters in the county of Staffordshire is hoping to inspire its footballers and prolong the feelgood factor left by a landmark sporting summer in the UK after London hosted the Olympic and Paralympic Games . Crime and punishment in sport : Laying down the law ? "  St. George 's Park , and the concept that underpins it , is something totally new , " continued William . "  It will be far more than just a world class facility for training our future world-beating national team . "  It is more than just the university from which thousands of highly qualified coaches will graduate . It is also a magnificent example of the sort of social initiative that brings opportunity and purpose to wider British life . "  It will provide employment and a social hub for local people and , through the thousands of volunteers on which coaching relies , it will foster community spirit , purpose and hope throughout England . " FA chairman David Bernstein hailed the facility as well as expressing his delight that the royal couple had been able to attend the grand opening . The opening of St. George 's Park is a beacon of good news for English football after a year that has tainted by the racism allegations leveled against Chelsea captain John Terry , that prompted his international retirement . Just last week Chelsea and England defender Ashley Cole called the FA a "  bunch of twats " after an independent report that found Terry guilty stated Cole 's evidence to the inquiry had "  evolved " over time . Bernstein revealed Cole had apologized in person for his tweet but was keen to focus on the potential benefits St. George 's Park would bring to the national team . "  The range of functions here are so great , " Bernstein said on the organization 's website . "  It 's a coaching center , it 's a sports science center , a rehabilitation center . "  It 's a fantastic thing for football and for The Football Association . This has been 20 years in development . "  A huge amount of work has gone in to it . And to have our president , the Duke of Cambridge , and the Duchess to open this facility is really fantastic . "  There is so much built into this project . It 's an inspirational place as well , the pinnacle of things that are happening elsewhere around the country . We are trying to do so much with youth development generally , and this represents the pinnacle of that . " The complex mirrors similar facilities in other European countries , such as France 's center of excellence at Clairefontaine which produced the nucleus of the team which won the 1998 World Cup and Euro 2000 . In addition to Clairefontaine -- which aided the development of players such as Thierry Henry and Nicolas Anelka -- the English Football Association also drew inspiration from Zeist in Holland , Cologne in Germany , Spain 's La Ciudad del Futbol and Coverciano in Italy . English football 's powerbrokers will hope St. George 's Park can help England win the FIFA World Cup for the first time in 46 years . "  Initially we 'll get our 24 teams using St. George 's Park , " explained the FA 's director of football development Trevor Brooking . "  You 'd like to see a youngster coming in here at 15 and get the ` wow factor ' and want to stay with the England teams throughout the age groups , U17s through to under-21s and seniors . " St George 's Park boasts 11 outdoor pitches including an exact replica of the playing surface at Wembley Stadium , an altitude chamber to replicate playing in different climates and a 60-meter sprint track aimed at monitoring running speed and style . Apart from state-of-the-art facilities , what will a centralized hub offer English football which is does not have already ? "  The FA 's locations have always been disconnected from the realities of grassroots football , " explains Pavl Williams , editor of thecoachingmanual.com . "  They now have a location which is central to the rest of the country and accessible to a broader range of society . "  It 's also a central location where lots of organizations are working together , which is necessary if you are going to pull out a consistent philosophy at every level of the game , which is what we are trying to do . " Tuesday 's opening marks the end of a lengthy process for English football . A national soccer hub was first mooted back in the late 90s . Many observers have highlighted the lack of a core philosophy and antiquated coaching methods as a reason for England stagnating while more technically-gifted teams like Spain have flourished . "  The way football is going to progress in the country is through working together , " continued Williams . "  We need to create something which is bigger than the sum of its parts . "  St. George 's Park can bring in more agencies which work really well together and get that out to coaches working at a grassroots level . " One of the key areas St. George 's Park will look to address is the coaching which is given to promising English talent . Williams outlined a lack a UEFA A Licensed coaches at grassroots level as a key difference between England and continental Europe , as well as suggesting over coaching can cause some youngsters to burn out . "  A lot of kid 's coaching is hands off coaching , " said Williams . "  The more you educate a coach , the more they learn when to not step in and coach . "  Facilities , like the pitches you play on , are a big issue for technical players . But in coaching specifically , kids in other countries are allowed to express themselves more . "	The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge officially open St. George 's Park St. George 's Park is England 's newly-constructed national football center William : "  It will be far more than just a world class facility for training " The center is located in Burton-upon-Trent in the English county of Staffordshire
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Four California men allegedly victimized in clerical sex abuse have settled their lawsuits against their former priest , the Los Angeles Archdiocese and Cardinal Roger Mahony for almost $ 10 million , their attorneys said Tuesday . The priest , no longer in the clergy , abused the boys on several occasions dating back to the 1970s , including during overnight trips to San Diego and Riverside counties , the attorneys said . The priest pleaded guilty to molesting boys in 2007 and was released in 2011 with credit for time served , the attorneys said . Four civil lawsuits were filed separately by two brothers and two other people , and the plaintiffs reached a settlement this month with the church and Mahony , said attorney Vince Finaldi of Irvine , California . None of the plaintiffs was a victim in the criminal case against the priest , but a third brother of the two sibling plaintiffs was a victim , Finaldi said . Abuse victims ' group names preferred picks for new pope J. Michael Hennigan , an attorney for the archdiocese , confirmed the settlement of $ 9.9 million with the four men who alleged the former priest , Michael Baker , was their abuser . "  We accepted responsibility for all of Michael Baker 's misconduct , and the issue with respect to these cases was trying to find an acceptable number to resolve the cases , " Hennigan told CNN . Baker could n't be immediately reached for comment Tuesday . He and Mahony are identified as defendants in one of the lawsuits , Finaldi said . Though the other three lawsuits do n't list Baker and Mahony as defendants , Finaldi said they are indeed defendants . Under California procedural requirements , defendants are not listed by name in suits filed by sex abuse plaintiffs older than age 26 , Finaldi said . Mahony is in Rome as part of the cardinals ' conclave voting for a new pope . None of the 115 cardinals is reachable during that voting process . Early Tuesday morning , Mahony sent out his last pre-conclave message on his Twitter account before he and the other cardinals took an oath of secrecy in the Sistine Chapel . The cardinals reside at Casa Santa Martha in the Vatican during the conclave . "  Last tweet before moving to Casa Santa Martha , and Mass to Elect a Pope . First Conclave meeting late Tuesday afternoon . Prayers needed , " Mahony wrote . Tod Tamberg , an archdiocese representative with Mahony in Rome , referred all inquiries to Hennigan . The four lawsuits alleged that Mahony knew of Baker 's sexual abuse of boys and allowed him to continue to serve as a priest , Finaldi said . Baker 's files as a priest were among the 12,000 pages of documents that the archdiocese released earlier this year about how it handled allegations of sexual abuse by priests . "  Those files show that they knew exactly who Baker was and what he was doing , " Finaldi said . The lawsuits filed by the two brothers were scheduled for trial in Los Angeles County Superior Court on April 9 , but then a settlement was reached , Finaldi said . The plaintiffs ' attorneys have scheduled a Los Angeles news conference on Thursday during which one of the plaintiffs will publicly identify himself and make a statement , Finaldi said . Each plaintiff is identified as a "  John Doe " with different middle initials in the lawsuits . The four settlements range from $ 995,000 to $ 4 million , the attorneys said . The settlements total $ 9,990,000 , the attorneys said in a statement . CNN 's Richard Greene in Rome and Erica Henry contributed to this report .	Archdiocese says it has "  accepted responsibility " for misconduct of former priest Michael Baker Four men allege they were molested as boys by Baker dating back to the 1970s The four men sue the Los Angeles Archdiocese and Cardinal Roger Mahony Mahony is in Rome as part of the cardinals ' conclave voting for a new pope
CNN  -- The show will go on . Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus will return to the ring Thursday for its first show since an accident sent nine performers to the hospital . "  I know all of our performers are looking forward to having a smiling audience in those seats this evening , " said Steve Payne , circus spokesman . On Sunday , during a show in Providence , Rhode Island , eight performers plummeted to the ground when a hair-hang apparatus -- which holds performers by their hair -- failed . Another performer was injured on the ground . The accident was caused by a 5-inch D-ring that snapped , according to the lead investigator for the city 's fire department . Payne said that an investigation is ongoing and that all the carabiners linked to the incident were replaced as a precaution . Among the performers who remain in the hospital , three are still in serious condition , the spokesman said . Thursday 's show will be in Hartford , Connecticut . It will not include the hair-hanging display , also known as the human chandelier . CNN 's Michael Pearson contributed to this report .	Nine performers were injured Sunday when what 's known as the human chandelier fell Three remain in serious condition , says a spokesman Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus will perform Thursday in Connecticut
CNN  -- An emperor penguin discovered thousands of kilometers away from Antarctica with a bellyful of sand is recovering after an endoscopy Monday , a New Zealand zoo official said . The procedure removed "  much of the gunk that was in his stomach , " including "  rocks , sticks and stones , " said Dr. Lisa Argilla , manager of veterinary science at Wellington Zoo , where the bird was taken for treatment . The penguin has also been passing sand . The penguin -- whose gender is unknown pending DNA test results -- stunned passers-by last week when it showed up at a beach north of Wellington . "  This is only the second time an emperor penguin has been seen in New Zealand , " said Kate Baker , spokeswoman for the Wellington Zoo . Even more surprising was what the zoo found inside the penguin -- enough sand to fill its stomach and esophagus . "  In Antarctica , they normally eat ice to cool down and to hydrate , " Baker said . It 's possible the bird mistook or tried to substitute the sand for snow or ice . It 's unclear why the penguin apparently swam more than 3,000 kilometers  1,864 miles  from Antarctica . Argilla said the bird might have gotten lost in a current , or perhaps its internal radar went awry . New Zealanders have dubbed the penguin "  Happy Feet , " a reference to the 2006 animated movie about emperor penguins . But those at the Wellington Zoo are steering clear of giving the bird a name . "  We get very fond of our patients . If you start naming them , it 's really hard if the worst were to happen , " Argilla said . The bird has undergone multiple stomach flushes , but getting all the sand out remains a challenge , Argilla said . "  Having sand in your stomach is very serious , " she said . "  It can cause a rupture , that 's my main concern . ... I would assume the sand has abraded the stomach lining . " Hundreds of zoo visitors watched the endoscopy Monday and heard live commentary during the procedure . Argilla said emperor penguins normally eat rocks to help them digest , "  but he went way overboard . I think he mistook it for snow to cool him off . " The zoo currently has four little blue penguins , which are native in New Zealand , Baker said . All have been rehabilitated ; one is missing an eye , and one is missing a flipper . But taking care of an emperor penguin is an entirely different story . The bird 's temporary quarters include air conditioning set as cold as possible and shaved ice to help the emperor stay cool . Keeping the bird at the zoo permanently is n't feasible . Not only would building an exhibit to house an emperor penguin be extremely expensive , the wild bird is "  a very social animal . We would need more  penguins  , " Argilla said . Argilla said the top priority is helping the bird recover . If all goes well , representatives from the Wellington zoo , New Zealand 's Department of Conservation and other experts will decide where the penguin should go . Argilla said she hopes the bird will be able to return to the wild . In the meantime , the penguin has garnered widespread attention and sympathy . "  I think people have a real soft spot for penguins , " Argilla said . "  Everyone feels really sorry for him . He 's just so lost . " CNN 's Dana Ford contributed to this report .	New Zealanders spot an emperor penguin 3,000 kilometers from its habitat It 's possible the bird mistook or tried to substitute the sand for snow or ice The penguin is dubbed "  Happy Feet " by locals , but a zoo steers clear of naming it
CNN  -- Substitute Victor Obinna came off the bench to score twice as Nigeria beat Kenya 3-0 in Abuja , to claim their first victory in African World Cup qualifying Group B. Obinna scored a late second-half double to help Nigeria cruise to a 3-0 home victory over Kenya . The Inter Milan striker scored twice in the last 17 minutes , including one from the penalty spot , after Getafe 's Ikechukwu Uche had given the Super Eagles as early lead . The result sees Nigeria move up to second place in the table with four points from their two games , two points behind leaders Tunisia who beat Mozambique 2-0 on Saturday to have maximum points from their two matches . Kenya are bottom of the table , without a point , and it already looks like Tunisia and Nigeria will battle it out for top spot in the group and automatic qualification for the World Cup finals . Elsewhere in Africa , Cameroon are surprisingly bottom of Group A after a 0-0 home draw with Morocco in Yaounde . The two group favorites cancelled each other out , meaning they both have a point apiece from their two matches . Gabon are the shock group leaders -- and they followed up their opening victory in Morocco by thumping an Emmanuel Adebayor-led Togo 3-0 in Libreville on Saturday . That result means Gabon are on six points , with Togo second on three points . Meanwhile , in Group E , Ivory Coast made it two wins from two matches to go top of the group with a 2-1 victory in Guinea . Sevilla midfielder Christian Koffi Ndri scored the winning goal with 13 minutes remaining as Ivory Coast joined Burkina Faso on a maximum six points . The two teams already look to have the group between them , as Guinea and Malawi are both point-less from their two matches . Malawi lost 1-0 at home to Burkina Faso on Saturday . African champions Egypt prop up Group C after crashing 3-1 in Algeria where Karim Matmour  60  , Abdelkader Ghezzal  64  and Rafik Djebbour  77  were on target for the hosts . Algeria top their section on goal difference from Zambia after their weekend success in front of a sell-out crowd . Ghana , who reached their first World Cup finals in Germany three years ago , won 2-0 at Mali and lead Group D by three points from Benin . Kwadwo Asamoah and Matthew Amoah were on target .	Victor Obinna scores twice as Nigeria defeat Kenya 3-0 in African Group B The result sees Nigeria move up to second place in the table with four points Cameroon and Morocco draw 0-0 in Group A and trail surprise leaders Gabon
CNN  -- The stars may finally be aligning for a comprehensive immigration overhaul . Whatever the reasons -- and there are many -- it 's about time . During my two terms as governor of a border state , there were times when I was hopeful for a breakthrough . But political fear-mongering often ruled the day as immigrants and drugs illegally crossed into the United States and weapons flowed to the south . With every border flare-up , the American public -- and their elected leaders -- put immigration on the back burner . I am encouraged by the news that a bipartisan group of senators has crafted a plan and is working on building consensus toward a political way forward . The Congressional Hispanic Caucus is also taking an active role and showing leadership on this issue . My hope is that we end up with a truly comprehensive solution that does not tear families apart . Opinion : Worker visas are the key to immigration reform A comprehensive plan should create a path to earned citizenship , enforceable border security , a realistic guest worker plan , accountability for employers that hire illegal immigrants and passage of the DREAM Act . We have a window of opportunity now that did n't exist before because immigration is at a low point , and addressing the issue makes more sense politically . Our struggle to recover from the financial crisis does n't just mean fewer jobs for Americans ; the lack of work has also deterred many would-be immigrants , especially those who come to America to find construction and manufacturing jobs . The U.S. Census Bureau estimates that we have nearly 1 million fewer illegal immigrants living in America than we did in 2007 . Census officials say the economy is the primary reason for the decline . The aging population and the growing middle class in Mexico may also be factors that explain the new trend . While nobody is celebrating the poor economy and the lack of jobs , the reality that illegal immigration is n't seen as a "  crisis " at the moment , gives us the opportunity to have a reasoned debate , without the unnecessary rhetoric , and finally enact a comprehensive immigration plan . With a stable and reasonable immigration system in place , I believe we 'll have more opportunities for bilateral economic growth and trade between the United States and Mexico . That will mean more jobs on both sides of the border . Politically , the results of the recent election strongly suggest this is the moment for reform . First , President Barack Obama is following through on his promise to make an immigration overhaul a priority , using the good will he earned with the Hispanic constituencies , and will announce his proposals Tuesday . Second , many Republicans in Congress realize that they need a new political strategy if they have any hope of bouncing back from the devastating losses they are experiencing with Hispanic voters . iReport : Under deportation , above fear Hispanics of all ethnic backgrounds are embracing Democratic candidates and their message of inclusiveness and opportunity for all . Opposition to immigration overhaul , including the demonization of foreign-born families that look to America for opportunity , is hurting Republicans at the polls . Third , the Supreme Court ruled emphatically that immigration is the responsibility of the federal government , not the states . While I am certainly sympathetic as a former governor with the issues that states must deal with as a result of illegal immigration , the onus is on Congress to pass an immigration plan . Unless we come to grips with all aspects of the immigration issue , we are going to end up with the same impractical , expensive and ineffective solutions we have had for years . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bill Richardson .	Until now , fear-mongering drove immigration policy and overhaul was ignored Richardson : With illegal immigration down , GOP realizes it needs to address Hispanics He says we need path to citizenship , border security , guest worker plan , DREAM Act Richardson : The onus is on Congress to pass a comprehensive immigration plan
CNN  -- Attention , holiday shoppers : Put away your wallets and credit cards . If you 're looking for a gift that will please someone close to you , there 's one that wo n't cost you a cent , and that you wo n't find on any store shelf . This thought occurred the other day when , on a visit to the west coast of Florida , I was walking through a crowded outdoor mall and the familiar voice of Frank Sinatra wafted out of the loudspeaker system : "  If I do n't see her each day I miss her ... " I recognized the song immediately . "  Believe me , I 've got a case , "  On Nancy , with the laughing face ... " It 's one of the songs Sinatra cherished most . And what does that have to do with the most meaningful present you can give to a loved one this holiday season ? There 's a story behind the song : a story with a lesson . In the early 1940s , when Sinatra was a relatively young man , he and his wife were having a birthday party for their firstborn child , Nancy . Among the invited guests were two good friends of Sinatra : the wonderful musical composer Jimmy Van Heusen , and the brilliant comedic actor Phil Silvers . Van Heusen and Silvers wanted to bring a gift . But what could they purchase that Sinatra himself could not provide for his daughter ? What the two men did was revise a song they 'd been working on . Van Heusen had written the melody ; Silvers was the writer of the lyrics .  He would go on to immense fame in the 1950s playing Army Sgt. Ernest Bilko on CBS television , but his talents extended to many fields . Their song , in an early version , had featured the words "  Bessie , with the laughing face , " referring to the wife of a colleague . Now they worked some more on it , and fashioned the lyrics for Sinatra 's young daughter . They played and sang it at the birthday party . Sinatra adored it ; by some accounts , he was so moved by the gesture from his friends that he began to cry . Talk about a gift for the man who has everything : What are you going to give to Frank Sinatra that he will remember ? A tie ? A car ? A bottle of liquor ? He needed nothing . But that song , and the effort his two friends had put into it , touched him so deeply that , until his dying day , it signified something achingly personal to him . And now it 's the holiday season . We 've all read about the mobs of people at door-buster sales , the fights in the aisles of stores . Yet there is a way that each of us , if we are willing to invest the hours , can come up with a gift that will mean more than any flat-screen television or video game . If you 're good with words , write the best and longest letter you 've ever written to a family member who maybe does n't know just what he or she means to you . That letter will be kept , and treasured , long after gifts bought in a store have worn out or been thrown away . If you 're artistic , paint a picture with a special significance that the person you love will understand . If you 're the organized type , gather family photos from over the years , select them carefully , and put them together in an album that will mean everything to the person who receives it . If you 're musical ... well , do for the person you care about what Phil Silvers and Jimmy Van Heusen did for Frank Sinatra and his family . Will the effort be time-consuming ? Yes , and that 's the point . It will certainly be time better spent than standing in line for hours before some big-box store opens its doors for midnight bargains . Because I 'd heard about the Sinatra story for so many years , I called his younger daughter Tina the other afternoon to ask her about its veracity -- and its meaning to her family . "  All of it is true , " she said . She said that her dad , Silvers and Van Heusen were dear buddies who loved to spend time together : "  There would be New Year 's Eve parties where they 'd set up a stage , and play charades games . Everyone had to participate . They just liked being around each other . " When the two men presented the song at the birthday party , she said , "  It was done out of pure friendship . " Her father and her mother -- whose name was also Nancy -- could n't have been more moved by the personal nature of the gift . Tina had not yet been born , but the reason she is certain of this , she said , is that her dad talked about it , from time to time , for the rest of his life . And for him , the song -- and the memories of his friends who wrote it -- never diminished in emotional power . She recalled one time in Paris when her dad was in a brittle mood over some things that were going on in his life . He was angry and irritable ; at a concert , as he worked his way through his song list , his agitation was evident to everyone who knew him . But then he got to "  Nancy  with the Laughing Face  " . "  His entire physicality changed , " Tina said . ` He relaxed . He calmed down . The gentleness of the song , and the meaning of the story behind it , did that to him . You could see it . He went from being tense and on edge to being like an at-ease sergeant . " The gift from his buddies did that for him , all those years later . The best gifts are like that . Here 's hoping you 'll find the right one . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bob Greene .	Bob Greene : In 1940 's , Jimmy Van Heusen , Phil Silvers gave personal gift to Frank Sinatra He says it was song "  Nancy With the Laughing Face " for Sinatra 's daughter . He prized it Greene : Mulling a good holiday gift ? Consider homemade : letters , a photo album Greene : Nancy Sinatra said her dad moved by gift his whole life . The best gifts are like that
PHOENIX , Arizona  CNN  -- Thirty-year-old Lisa Locascio is walking through what she hopes will soon be her new living room . Lisa Locascio is trying to buy her first home with help from the federal Neighborhood Stabilization Program . "  The carpet 's clearly trashed , but that 's going to get ripped out , " she says . She 's excited to become a first-time homebuyer and has been shopping exclusively for foreclosed homes in the Phoenix , Arizona , area for several weeks now . "  It 's the American dream , " Locascio says of home ownership , and she 's just zeroed in on the one she wants to be hers . She has a bid in and is waiting to hear on her offer . Financially strapped prospective buyers like Locascio have discovered hope in the Neighborhood Stabilization Program , a year-old federal program designed to help stabilize communities decimated by foreclosures and abandonment . Families and individuals who qualify can get a loan of up to $ 15,000 to cover down payment and closing costs of foreclosed homes . The amount varies by region , but can amount to tens of thousands of dollars . Congress approved the nationwide program in July 2008 , pumping a total of $ 3.92 billion into the hardest-hit communities . Almost $ 2 billion more was allocated in May . A total of $ 121 million in funding arrived in Arizona in April , and the Phoenix area received the largest cut , approximately $ 39.4 million . Program watch dogs are keeping their eyes on states like Arizona to see how the money will be spent and whether it will make a difference . Arizona had the fourth highest rate of new foreclosures in May , according to Realty Trac . With such a high foreclosure rate , the funds allocated to Arizona , and in particular the Phoenix area , were significant . However , not one home in Phoenix has been purchased using the NSP funds despite hundreds of applications . People are still trying to navigate an unfamiliar process , housing experts in Phoenix say . Locascio would be thrilled to be the first person to close on a home . She is single and works as a project manager at a Scottsdale asset management company . However , she currently has no savings . After recently providing financial assistance to a relative -- a move that depleted her bank account -- Locascio admits she never thought she 'd be able to afford a home of her own any time soon . She 's unable to meet the 3.5 percent down payment required for the most affordable government-backed home loans ; therefore , she had resigned herself to paying rent until she was able to recoup her savings . That 's when a friend , Lance Connolly , a Phoenix Realtor , told Locascio of the Neighborhood Stabilization Program . "  My Realtor filled me in on it , and then I did some research on it and decided that would probably be the best route to take , " Locascio says . The program is limited to applicants with incomes between $ 55,350 and $ 104,400 , depending on family size , according to the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development . The income limits vary from region to region . Applicants must also complete eight hours of financial counseling and courses in budgeting and home ownership , and be able to invest $ 1,000 of their own money . Under the Neighborhood Stabilization Program , HUD requires the lender to give buyers a 15 % discount below the appraised value and the loan must be paid back in full when the homeowner sells the home or refinances . Lenders are not required , however , to accept a discounted offer . Once approved for the maximum loan , Locascio wasted little time in locating and bidding on a property she liked . Although Locascio 's bid was $ 30,000 less than the listing price , offers like hers are common in the Phoenix area . On any given day in 2009 , real estate listings can show more than 25,000 foreclosed single family homes available . Locascio said , "  I 'd be disappointed " if the bank turned down her offer . Locascio has good credit , and so she qualified for a $ 275,000 fixed-rate mortgage using the approved federal funds . She believes taking the mandated classes taught her the importance of personal affordability . "  I liked the programs , the counseling and things like that that teach you not to live outside your means ... I do n't want to be house poor , " Locascio said . Under the scenario of her bid , Locascio would only have to come up with about $ 1,500 on her own for earnest money and appraisal costs . If approved , her monthly mortgage payment would actually be $ 180 less than what she is paying to rent for a two-bedroom , 900-square foot apartment . Connolly has been in the Phoenix real estate market for about nine years and has seen the disastrous real estate downturn up close . He hopes to soon see more clients using NSP funding . "  It 's just kind of coming out now that people are understanding it 's there . I do n't think they have done a very big promotion ... put it on billboards or anything like that to say , ` Hey , this is available to you , ' " Connolly said . Until now , Connolly said , Internet-savvy house hunters have had to discover the program on their own . Experts want to caution those who think the Neighborhood Stabilization Program will solve Phoenix 's devastated real estate market . John Smith , president of Mesa , Arizona-based Housing Our Communities , a nonprofit that helps people find affordable housing , says that wo n't happen . "  We have to identify those goals , those strategies and those resources that are going to make a difference , " he says . "  This is not , in and of itself , going to do that . " He compares the program to a Band-Aid , cautioning , "  It is only one tool ... we 're going to have to find some other solutions to stabilize these communities . " Communities are visibly ailing all across the area , with some of the hardest-hit neighborhoods nearly abandoned by foreclosures . Homes are boarded up and weeds cover the "  For Sale " and "  For Rent " signs in thousands of yards . "  It 's overwhelming when you look at the numbers , " Smith said , noting that Phoenix still records roughly 8,000 new foreclosure notices every month . Smith estimates the loan program will probably help only about 1,000 families acquire homes across the Phoenix metro area . Nonprofit housing assistance programs such as Smith 's are available in many cities across the country to educate and counsel prospective home buyers and inform them of available assistance . However , Smith cautions it 's not just about quick ownership . "  We just do n't want houses to be bought and sold . We want families to invest and develop affordable , sustainable home ownership throughout the community . " Smith urges patience and warns it will take full cooperation for all sectors to turn the housing crisis around . "  We have to encourage the private sector , the banking industry , the mortgage industry to also get involved and provide product that makes it possible for families to buy houses . It all ca n't be federal money , " Smith said . Less than 24 hours after submitting her bid , Locascio received a call from the bank . After watching the property sit foreclosed and idle on the market for almost two months , she was informed that someone else beat her bid by only a few hours . Despite the funding assistance , Locascio quickly learned there are no assurances or guarantees in the federally funded home buying process . She later found two more places she likes and placed bids on them . She hopes one of the banks will come through quickly and make her a new homeowner , the first to use funds from the Neighborhood Stabilization Program .	Arizona has one of the highest foreclosure rates in the country Federal program makes funds available to first-time homebuyers Experts unsure if many applicants can be helped No money has yet been used to help purchase homes
North Korean leader , Kim Jong Un has n't been seen at a public event for three weeks , including a prominent state meeting that he has attended every year since coming to power in late 2011 . On Thursday , Kim was conspicuously absent from the Supreme People 's Assembly , which is North Korea 's parliament attended by officials of the party , the military and various national organizations . A prominent seat remained empty on stage surrounded by North Korea 's top brass . Is Kim Jong Un still in charge of North Korea ? "  We expected to see him at the Supreme People 's Assembly , because he had attended that session every time , " said Yoo Ho-Yeol , a professor of North Korean studies at Korea University in Seoul . "  So we are speculating that he might have problems in his health . " On Thursday , North Korean state TV referred to Kim , saying , "  The wealth and prosperity of our socialism is thanks to the painstaking efforts of our marshal , who keeps lighting the path for the people , like the flicker of a flame , despite suffering from discomfort . " ` Abundant evidence ' of crimes against humanity in North Korea , panel says The 31-year-old leader 's absence has fueled speculation that Kim has a health problem , as some observers have pointed to weight gain , as well as a limp when he was seen walking in July . Korea 's state-run news agency , KCNA , routinely catalogs Kim 's activities and public appearances . A count of KCNA announcements about Kim 's public appearances went from 24 events in July to 16 in August . It dwindled to just one event in September . His last listed public appearance was a September 3 concert , which he attended with his wife Ri Sol Ju , according to KCNA . North Korea : ` We were forced to eat grass and soil ' While it 's difficult to know what 's happening in North Korea , the absence of its leader from public view has given hints in the past . "  We had that kind of occasion when Kim Jong Il was seriously sick in 2008 , " said Yoo . That year , the elder Kim 's absence from parades and national events raised questions about the leader 's health . U.S. and South Korean intelligence believed that Kim Jong Il had suffered severe health problems and possibly a stroke . Kim died at the age of 69 , in December 2011 , and his son assumed command . North Korea : We have the ` most advantageous human rights system '	North Korean state TV says Kim Jong Un is "  suffering from discomfort " North Korea 's Kim Jong Un does not attend a prominent state meeting Speculations are rampant that Kim has health problems because of his limping KCNA shows that Kim 's last public appearance was on September 4
CNN  -- "  Ouija " is at the head of the class in more ways than one . The fright flick not only debuted at No. 1 on the weekend before Halloween , it also became the first movie based on a board game to top the weekend box office . Admittedly , that 's not a huge category : The only other real examples are 2012 's "  Battleship , " which was swamped by the "  Avengers " tsunami , and 1985 's "  Clue . "  The games "  Jumanji " and "  Zathura " were both based on the books/movies , not the other way around . After a stretch in which critical acclaim and box office success went hand in hand -- think "  Fury , " "  Gone Girl " and "  The Equalizer " -- this weekend brought a reminder that audiences often ignore movie reviews . Critics hated "  Ouija , " giving it a rancid 10 % rating on Rotten Tomatoes . But late October proved to be a perfect time for a horror film about teens using the spirit board to contact a dear departed friend and summoning something much darker instead . "  Ouija " had no problem defeating the weekend 's other new wide release , "  John Wick . " The Keanu Reeves action flick received much better reviews but did n't appeal to as wide an audience . Reeves plays a retired hitman  are n't they all ?  who ventures back into the underworld to set things right . Among returning films , "  Gone Girl " is slipping the least from weekend to weekend . The highly praised drama starring Ben Affleck and Rosamund Pike is up to $ 124 million , and in a period of rapid box office turnover , it 's the oldest film in the top 10 : four whole weekends in release . The biggest leap up the chart belonged to "  St. Vincent , " starring Bill Murray . Success in limited release does n't always continue when a movie opens wider , but that 's what happened here : After two weekends in a handful of theaters , the indie comedy co-starring Melissa McCarthy and Naomi Watts expanded nationwide and pulled in $ 8.1 million , nearly cracking the top five . Domestic weekend box office estimates from Exhibitor Relations Co.  final numbers available Monday afternoon  : 1 . "  Ouija " -- $ 20 million 2 . "  John Wick " -- $ 14.2 million 3 . "  Fury " -- $ 13 million  $ 46.1 million total 4 . "  Gone Girl " -- $ 11 million  $ 124.1 million total 5 . "  The Book of Life " -- $ 9.8 million  $ 29.9 million total	"  Ouija " debuted at No. 1 It 's the first movie based on a board game to reach top "  Gone Girl " is still in the top five four weeks into its release Keanu Reeves ' new movie "  John Wick " was in second spot
CNN  -- English Premier League leaders Manchester United crashed to their second defeat in a week as Dirk Kuyt 's first-ever Liverpool hat-trick earned them a comfortable 3-1 victory at Anfield . United had lost just once this season prior to last Tuesday 's visit to Chelsea , but a 2-1 defeat at Stamford Bridge followed by Sunday 's reversal , means they now lead Arsenal by three points at the top -- although the Gunners have a vital game in hand . United were missing their first choice central defensive pairing of Nemanja Vidic and Rio Ferdinand , and their absence showed as the home side deservedly took a two-goal half-time lead . Dutchman Kuyt broke the deadlock in the 34th minute after some superb play from Luis Suarez . The Uruguayan striker twisted and turned in the area , skipping around three challenges before getting to the by-line and knocking the ball across the area for Kuyt to apply the simplist of finishes from in front of goal . And , just five minutes later , Liverpool doubled their advantage when United winger Nani inexplicably headed Suarez 's cross from the right back towards goal -- and an unmarked Kuyt was on hand to nod home his second from close range . United went close to pulling a goal back in the second half when Dimitar Berbatov 's close-range header hit the chest of Raul Meireles on the goal-line . And they were made to pay for that miss when Kuyt completed his hat-trick , again from close range , converting a 65th-minute rebound after goalkeeper Edwin Van der Sar had parried Suarez 's free-kick into his path . United pulled one back in the final minute when substitute Javier Hernandez nodded home Ryan Giggs ' right-wing cross from close range , but the goal had no impact on the final outcome and Liverpool were able to give a second-half debut to record signing Andy Carroll -- the most expensive English player in history following his $ 55m deadline day transfer from Newcastle . The result lifts Liverpool back up to sixth place in the table , six points behind fourth-placed Chelsea although they have played two matches more . Meanwhile , United 's poor away form , they have won just four matches on their travels , continues to hinder their title chances . The late afternoon game saw struggling Wolverhampton draw 3-3 at home to Tottenham in a thrilling see-saw encounter . The home side took the lead when Kevin Doyle flicked home a close-range header but England striker Jermain Defoe scored two superb goals from outside the area to give Tottenham the lead . Remarkably they were Defoe 's first Premier League goals of a season disrupted by injuries . However , Wolves were level before half-time after Doyle added his second from the penalty spot after Alan Hutton had tugged back Nenad Milijas . In an end-to-end match , another fine strike -- this time from Roman Pavlyuchenko -- looked to have given Spurs the three points that would have seen them move above Chelsea into fourth place . But a superb back post header from substitute Steven Fletcher with just three minutes remaining ensured the honors finished even , although a draw helps neither side at opposite ends of the table . Wolves remain second bottom of the table with 29 points , although only nine points separate ninth place Newcastle with bottom team Wigan Athletic . Meanwhile , Tottenham remain fifth , level on points with Chelsea although they have played a game more than their London rivals .	Dirk Kuyt 's first-ever Liverpool hat-trick sees his team beat Manchester United 3-1 United lead the Premier League table by three points but Arsenal have a game in hand The defeat is United 's second in a week following their 2-1 reverse at Chelsea Wolverhampton score a late equalizer to draw a thrilling game with Tottenham 3-3
Washington  CNN  -- Promises are an inherent part of campaigning . But in a time where distrust of government is at an all-time high , 2012 Republican candidates are using promises of action on Day 1 of their administrations to convince voters of the seriousness of the problems facing the nation and their seriousness about taking immediate action to fix them . For the most part , the campaigns have focused on using executive orders as a means to do something on the first day . Former House Speaker Newt Gingrich outlines on his website the content of the executive order he would sign in his first day in office . He promises to eliminate all White House "  czar " positions , reauthorize a policy to stop "  taxpayer dollars from being used to fund or promote abortions in foreign countries " and to move the U.S. embassy in Israel from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem , among other things . Gingrich says all of these would be done using executive orders -- and promises they will all be online by October . Former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney has also been specific with what he would do through executive orders , laying out a plan for five of them to be signed on his first day in the White House . Romney pledges to "  return maximum possibly authority to states , " in regard to health care and "  immediately initiate the elimination of Obama-era regulations that unduly burden the economy . " Additionally , Romney has said he would use an executive order to direct the Department of the Interior to increase the number of drilling permits issued in the United States . There is a certain level of vagueness , however , from both Gingrich and Romney about their plans . In January , Gingrich promised a crowd in Tampa to "  repeal every Obama attack on religion . " Additionally , Romney does not say how he will return power to the states or what level of scrutiny these new drilling permits will receive . "  These types of promises can be very specific , " said Jeffrey Toobin , CNN senior legal analyst . "  This is a good thing if you believe the politicians should make accountable promises . " First-day use of executive orders has become the norm in modern politics . "  Most presidents have a list of executive orders that they want to have ready for signature on the first day of office , " Toobin said . On January 21 , 2009 , President Barack Obama issued two executive orders and three presidential memorandums aimed at government transparency and ethics . In his first full day in office the new president froze the salaries of his senior aides , demanded the government disclose more information and authorized new limits on lobbyists ' access to lawmakers . Texas Congressman Ron Paul has said in interviews that the country 's problems are currently too large to be fixed in one day , but he has said he would start with foreign policy and "  bring the troops home , " so they can spend their money here . Former Sen. Rick Santorum of Pennsylvania said in July that his first action as president would be to "  sign an executive order to repeal Obamacare . " Additionally , Santorum has outlined executive orders to reverse regulations on business and reinstitute the Mexico City Policy to stop taxpayer funding or promotion of abortions overseas . For all candidates , it is important to note that an executive order can not overrule a law passed by the Senate and House and signed by a former president . Therefore , though a candidate may want to abolish the Affordable Care Act with the stroke of a pen , it would take a full-fledged bill to do that . And that stipulation has not been overlooked by some campaigns . "  I will ask members of Congress to stay in session . On January 3rd , I will ask them first repeal Obamacare , " Gingrich said at a Florida event in January . "  I will also ask them to stay in session and repeal the Dodd-Frank bill , which is killing banks . Third  $ " I will ask them to repeal the Sarbanes-Oxley bill , " which was enacted in the wake of the Enron , WorldCom and other corporate scandals . In conjunction with his first day executive orders , Gingrich says that by the time Obama "  arrives back in Chicago , " the Gingrich administration would have dismantled 40 % of Obama 's government . Not to be outdone , Romney has pledged , via congressional bill , to reduce the corporate income tax by 25 % and would cut non-security discretionary spending by 5 % . Additionally he would "  consolidate the sprawl of federal retraining programs and return funding and responsibility for these programs to the states . " All of these promises begs the question -- is there even enough time on Day 1 to get this much done ? In short , yes , says Anita McBride , former adviser to President George W. Bush and chief of staff to first lady Laura Bush . But McBride cautioned about how busy Inauguration Day can be . It takes an effective transition team to make consequential first day orders a reality , said McBride . McBride , who helped with multiple transitions while working for three presidents , says the day starts with an early morning briefing on national security that lays out the responsibilities that fall on the then president-elect once he is sworn in . Following that , the president-elect has coffee with the sitting president . Then there are the more notable events -- the inauguration speech , lunch in the Capitol and the parade down Pennsylvania Avenue . It is n't all pomp and circumstance , however . After being sworn in , the president will have an opportunity to tend to critical business . "  There is a room at the Capitol that is behind the cloak room on the House floor that is used only on the day that presidents are inaugurated , " McBride said . "  What happens immediately after being sworn in is the president signs Cabinet appointments that have to happen right away . " McBride went on to say that if a transition team had prepared the executive orders , this would be the perfect time for the new president to make his first decisions in office . So could a president sign five bills and pass five executive orders in a day ? "  It is perfectly within reason , " concluded Toobin . "  It just depends on how motivated they are to do these things . " "  This is the next four to eight years of their life -- they have to do it all , " said McBride . "  Absolutely it is possible . "	Campaigns focus on using executive orders as a means to do something on the first day Gingrich promises to eliminate all White House "  czar " positions on his first day Romney wants to start the elimination of Obama-era rules that hurt the economy Former presidential adviser says it is possible to get many orders , bills signed on Day 1
CNN  -- A vast winter storm on Tuesday blasted much of the nation with nearly horizontal blowing snow , cloaking trees and power lines with ice up to an inch thick , forcing airports to close and complicating the travel plans of fans headed to this weekend 's Super Bowl in Texas . A mix of blizzard , ice , hard freeze and high wind warnings sprang up across most of the Lower 48 states as the system pressed eastward , from New Mexico to Maine . Forecasters said as many as 100 million people in the United States would feel its effects . Blizzard warnings were up late Tuesday in eight states -- from eastern Kansas to western Ohio . The mass of frigid precipitation , in its relentless northeasterly march , formed an arc that was centered in the Great Lakes region and stretched from northeastern Kansas in the west to the edge of Chesapeake Bay in the east . The stem of the storm brought needed rain to much of the Southeast , but unwelcome ice and hard freeze warnings in other places , as far south as Corpus Christi , Texas . Parts of the Florida Panhandle , southwestern Georgia and southeastern Alabama were under a tornado watch . High-wind warnings were posted in eastern Tennessee and western Virginia , with gusts of 55 mph forecast in Gatlinburg , Tennessee . The National Weather Service forecasts and advisories through Wednesday night read like the Abominable Snow Monster 's Christmas list : Up to 14 inches of snow in South Bend , Indiana , with winds up to 30 mph ; Up 13 inches of snow and a low of 12 below zero in Ottumwa , Iowa ; as much as 13 inches of new snow in Berlin , New Hampshire , by Wednesday night ; hard freeze warnings in Houston and Galveston , Texas . In Chicago , part of a fiberboard roof panel behind home plate at Wrigley Field , home of the baseball Cubs , broke away in the high wind , the ball club said . Police roped off nearby streets and sidewalks as a precaution , the club said . Drifting and blowing snow closed parts of interstate highways in Oklahoma and Missouri , while police in St. Louis stopped patrolling in advance of the worst of a storm that was expected to leave as much as 30 inches of snow in parts of Missouri and Illinois , and up to an inch of ice in places . "  Do not travel ! Stay inside ! " the National Weather Service warned . "  Strong winds and blinding snow will make travel nearly impossible . This is a life-threatening storm . " Ice is the larger threat in a band that extended from south of St. Louis to western Connecticut and parts of New Jersey . In those regions , more than an inch of ice could accumulate , downing trees and power lines . All of western Maryland was under a freezing rain advisory . An ice storm warning covered 29 counties in central and southern Indiana . In the city of Greenwood , a command center was set up to deal with downed trees and other hazards that might impede first responders during emergencies . By Tuesday evening , a quarter-inch of ice had accumulated on trees in the area , with at least a half-inch expected , Fire Chief James Sipes told CNN affiliate WAVE of Louisville , Kentucky . "  The last time we had an event of this nature was in 1988 , " Sipes said , "  and it caused substantial damage . " The nasty weather is even threatening festivities surrounding the Super Bowl , set for Sunday in Dallas . Icy conditions forced Dallas-Fort Worth Airport to temporarily close Tuesday morning . The airport reopened after a two-hour closure with one runway in operation , airport officials told CNN . Nearby Love Field was also forced to close and was expected to reopen by 2 p.m.  3 p.m. ET  . "  We had thunderstorms , we had rain , we had freezing rain , ice pellets , sleet -- the only thing we did n't have was hail and sunshine , " said Ed Martelle , the spokesman for AMR Corp. , which owns American Airlines . In Illinois , all major thoroughfares from I-70 and further north were covered with -- or had patches of -- ice and snow , according to the state Department of Transportation . In Missouri , whiteout conditions forced the closure of I-70 through the middle part of the state . "  This is not a good time to be on the road , " Missouri highway department official Don Hillis said . "  Almost all of the state is covered with snow and some areas are receiving ice , making some roads impassable . " The Oklahoma Department of Public Safety reported that westbound Interstate 40 in Seminole and Okfuskee counties was closed Tuesday afternoon with 4-foot snow drifts . The department said some arterial roads and all secondary routes in parts of eastern Oklahoma were nearly impassable . The Will Rogers Turnpike , I-44 in northeast Oklahoma , also was closed , and the National Guard was rescuing people trapped in their cars , the department said . Tow trucks were running as much three hours behind in some parts of the state , it said . In Tulsa , even police cars and ambulances got stuck in the snow . The snowfall also collapsed part of a roof at the Hard Rock Casino Tulsa , according to Amanda Clinton , a spokeswoman for the Cherokee Nation , which owns the casino . No one was injured . Those who ventured out did so against the advice of government and emergency officials , who urged people to stay off the roads and inside , and prepare for the worst . Up to 16 inches of snow are expected in parts of Michigan , with winds up to 40 mph causing significant drifts , according to CNN affiliate WILX in Lansing . Winds were gusting at 33 mph at Detroit City Airport Tuesday night , with the temperature at 17 degrees . Michigan 's emergency management department has posted an advisory for residents to "  have essential supplies ready to stay safe at home , at work and in their vehicles . " As the storm approached , governments vowed they would be ready for what was being described as a storm of historic proportions . Missouri , Illinois , Oklahoma and Kansas declared states of emergency so they could bring extra resources to bear . Missouri mobilized 600 National Guard troops to help cope with the storm . Illinois put 500 troops on notice that they might be needed as the storm intensifies . Iowa also activated some guard members . Arkansas Gov. Mike Beebe also declared a state of emergency and activated National Guard troops to help move supplies to the northwestern portion of the state , where power outages are expected as snow , ice and high winds move in . Warming centers set up by the Salvation Army were running and busy in Fayetteville and Bentonville , according to CNN affiliate KFTA . "  We are known for wild weather swings in Arkansas , but to have snow , ice and severe thunderstorms in the same day is rare , " Beebe said . In Chicago , where snowfall of 15 inches or more happens but once every two decades , according to the National Weather Service , officials outfitted 120 garbage trucks with plows to supplement the city 's usual fleet of 274 trucks , said Jose A. Santiago , executive director of the city 's Office of Emergency Management . The White House press office issued a statement saying President Barack Obama had told the Federal Emergency Management Agency to be prepared to help state and local governments with widespread power outages and other issues arising from the storm . Thousands of flights were canceled Tuesday . Airports in Oklahoma City and Tulsa , Oklahoma , were effectively closed . United , Continental and American Airlines announced that flights were suspended after 5 p.m.  6 p.m. ET  out of Chicago O'Hare International Airport and that flights scheduled for Wednesday also have been suspended . Delta Air Lines said more than 1,350 flights , most of them to or from Dallas-Fort Worth International Airport , were canceled on Tuesday , and 800 Wednesday flights had also been canceled . JetBlue scrubbed 371 Tuesday flights and 794 total . US Airways canceled 687 flights . Plummeting temperatures were expected to filter in behind the system , dropping to below zero in the upper Plains states over the next few days . Parts of the Texas Panhandle and western Oklahoma also will experience some of the coldest air this season , CNN meteorologist Sean Morris said .	NEW : Frigid precipitation stretches from Plains to Eastern Seaboard NEW : Most of the Lower 48 states affected by severe weather advisories NEW : Tornado watches up in Florida Panhandle , south Georgia and Alabama NEW : Section of roof blows away at Chicago 's Wrigley Field
Famed hip-hop rapper Jay Jenkins , known as "  Young Jeezy , " was arrested on Sunday in relation to a deadly shooting at a Wiz Khalifa concert , police said . "  Six people , including Jenkins , were arrested at Verizon Wireless Amphitheatre in Irvine , California , on Sunday for possession of an assault rifle , " said Lt. Saul Jaeger of the Mountain View Police Department . Law enforcement continues to pursue an active investigation , though no arrests have been made in Friday 's homicide , Jaeger said . All six people were "  cooperative " in the related arrest on Sunday , Jaeger said . Bail is set at $ 1 million for Jenkins , who is being held at the Orange County Police Department close to where the arrest occurred , said Lt. Jeff Hallock of the Orange County Sheriff 's Department . Authorities first got calls about gunshots at the Shoreline Amphitheater in Northern California , shortly after 11 p.m. Friday , the Mountain View Police Department said . Police arrived to find a 38-year-old man shot multiple times . The man was transported to a hospital and died from his injuries , according to police . Mountain View investigators found the weapon on a tour bus after a search warrant had been authorized . In the wake of the shooting , Wiz Khalifa canceled his concert on Saturday in Chula Vista , California . Gucci Mane sentenced to federal prison Wiz Khalifa tweets jail selfie	Six people , including Jenkins , arrested for possession of an assault riffle Bail is set at $ 1 million for "  Young Jeezy " Police : No arrests have been made for Wiz Khalifa concert homicide
CNN  -- A nondescript white warehouse building in southern California hid a sophisticated drug smuggling tunnel that traffickers used to transport tons of marijuana from Mexico into the United States , authorities said . Investigators on both sides of the border seized more than 14.5 tons of marijuana in connection with the tunnel 's discovery this week , U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement said in a statement Wednesday . Authorities said the drugs had a street value of more than $ 25 million , CNN affiliate KGTV reported . "  I 'm confident that if these cartels want to continue to try to smuggle their drugs into the United States in this fashion , we 're going to find them , and we 're going to find them faster than they can build them , " said William R. Sherman , acting special agent in charge for the Drug Enforcement Administration in San Diego . From the floor of the San Diego warehouse , authorities found a 3-foot-wide tunnel that stretched the length of four football fields and was equipped with structural supports , electricity and ventilation , ICE 's statement said . Highway troopers found 3 tons of marijuana packed into boxes inside a cargo truck that they stopped after it left the San Diego warehouse . That discovery allowed agents to obtain a warrant to enter the warehouse , the statement said , where they recovered 6.5 additional tons of marijuana . Mexican authorities later seized at least 5 tons of marijuana from a warehouse in Tijuana , Mexico , on the other end of the tunnel . Sherman said it was the third sophisticated cross-border tunnel found in the area within a year . U.S. federal authorities have found more than 75 cross-border smuggling tunnels in the past four years , most of them in California and Arizona , according to ICE .	A DEA agent says it is the third "  sophisticated " tunnel found in the past year The tunnel plunged more than 20 feet and had electricity and ventilation , officials say Authorities seize more than 12 tons of marijuana on either side of border
EW.com  -- Will Ferrell , blithe impersonator of obtuse elves , TV anchormen , and former presidents , is not the first actor one thinks of to play Nick Halsey , an alcoholic wretch on a bender , in the sober indie drama "  Everything Must Go . " On one rock-bottom day , Nick is fired from his sales job and his wife leaves him , having first changed the locks and piled all his possessions in their suburban front yard . The sight of indoor stuff splayed outdoors may be absurd . But there is nothing at all funny about the pathetic mess Nick continues to make of his life . And Ferrell , whose vaguely uncomprehending onscreen stare usually signals amusing male cluelessness to come , upends expectations from the very first scene , as Nick sits in his car , locked in a traffic standstill and palpably unable to endure the stress without a pull on his liquor flask . With characteristic physical fearlessness , the actor becomes a downward-spiraling alcoholic . No joke . It 's a terrific performance -- one that 's unmatched by the rest of the movie , written and directed by Dan Rush . Based on Raymond Carver 's notable short story " Why Do n't You Dance ? , " "  Everything Must Go " is a sweetened-up , padded-out scenario of hope cracking through a drunk 's despair . Rush 's background as a director of commercials is evident in his feature-film debut : Everything and everyone look 10 degrees softer and more composed than they need to be . Carver 's original minimalist story goes down in two gulps : The drinking guy sells his stuff to a young couple passing by . The end . Rush 's adaptation skips the young couple , expands the yard sale , and adds a cop who 's Nick 's AA sponsor  Michael Pea  . EW.com : See all of this week 's reviews There 's also : a lonely black kid who becomes Nick 's protg  Christopher Jordan Wallace  ; an old high school classmate  Laura Dern , in a fine , subtle , self-contained scene  who assures Nick that he really does have a heart ; and a neighbor across the street  Rebecca Hall  who 's pregnant . Despite Nick 's worst , hurtful behavior toward her , she 's willing to extend a kind of forgiveness . Ferrell , for his part , looks like he would have no problem going even deeper and darker than Rush could bear . Like Bill Murray and Greg Kinnear before him , this funnyman reveals serious acting chops . EW.com rating : B -- Release date : May 13 , 2011 Rated : R See the original article on EW.com CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly  2010 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Will Ferrell 's terrific performance not matched by director Dan Rush Rush 's commercial background comes through in film Sober indie drama follows alcoholic Nick Halsey 's spiral downwards
CNN  -- When George Pinon thinks of colors , he associates them with what other people have described . George Pinon leads tour groups through Dialog in the Dark , an exhibit that simulates the blind experience . "  They say that red is supposed to be a warm color , a hot color . I heard that apples are red and roses are red . I heard that plants are green , the grass is green , " he said . "  That 's all you can do , you know ? " Pinon , who lives in Atlanta , Georgia , has been blind since age 3 , when a high fever caused optic nerve damage . He leads small tour groups through Dialog in the Dark , an exhibit traveling around the world that aims to foster understanding between people with and without vision . For about an hour , visitors navigate different environments in complete darkness , relying on all senses except sight , and ask questions of their visually impaired guide , whose face they do n't see until leaving . Stumbling in darkness makes the Dialog visitor appreciate how visually oriented the world is -- how would you go grocery shopping ? How would you cross the street ? -- as well as the reliance on other senses such as sound and touch to navigate the world . Investigating preventions , therapies Researchers continue to search for methods of preventing and treating blindness . A new study in the Journal of Archives of Ophthalmology shows that a single serving of fish per week is associated with a reduced risk of incident early age-related macular degeneration , a disease that is the leading cause of severe vision loss in people older than 60 . The macula , a part of the retina that allows central vision , deteriorates in this condition . Stem cells may also hold promise for AMD . The London Project to Cure Blindness , with support from pharmaceutical giant Pfizer , is working on a therapy from human embryonic cells . The project 's goal is to begin human clinical trials by 2011 . The therapy aims to use embryonic stem cells to replace the cells that have been lost because of the disease . Through surgery , the cells would be implanted to restore vision . Read more about AMD Interpreting the world A variety of devices have been developed to help visually impaired individuals interact with the world around them . Some of these technologies use Braille . There are Braille codes for alphabets , mathematics , science , music and even computer programming , all based on the system of characters called cells , which consist of six dots in two parallel columns . But fewer than 10 percent of the 1.3 million legally blind individuals in the United States read Braille , according to the National Federation of the Blind . Only 10 percent of blind children are learning the system of raised dots that allows blind people to read and write through touch . Reasons for this include a shortage of teachers qualified to teach Braille and misconceptions about the system , such as that it 's difficult to learn , the organization said in a recent report . The National Federation of the Blind has worked with technology developers to enhance Braille to adapt to the needs to visually impaired people , said Mark Riccobono , executive director of the organization 's Jernigan Institute . The organization 's International Braille and Technology Center for the Blind in Baltimore , Maryland , has nearly every tactile and speech output technology available for blind people to learn how to use . A mechanical device called a refreshable Braille display raises and lowers a set of pins to form characters , translating words on a computer screen into Braille . The pins refresh and translate subsequent text as the user scrolls down on a computer screen . Riccobono , who has glaucoma and has been losing vision throughout his life , did not learn Braille as a child and believes that he missed out on literacy opportunities . He discovered Braille in college , which cut his study time down by 50 percent , he said . Braille is the only equivalent to print for visually impaired individuals , he said . "  Listening is not the same as actively reading something and seeing how words are spelled , " he said . "  Sometimes technology is used as an excuse to not provide Braille . " Still , Pinon , who reads Braille , uses speech access software to browse the Internet . He also noted that some movie theaters provide a special earpiece that has voice commentary describing what 's on screen , and some DVDs have commentary features also . Some visually impaired individuals use a knfbReader , a device that takes a picture of text , such as a menu , and reads it back . The Amazon Kindle , a digital reader for books and magazines , now has speech access , a feature for which the National Federation for the Blind advocated . Read more about the voice capabilities of Kindle 2 Improving sight through technology There are also technologies that allow visually impaired people to use other senses to orient themselves . One new device is called BrainPort , which allows the user to "  see " through the tongue . BrainPort consists of an electrode array the size of a postage stamp on the surface of the tongue , which communicates with a digital camera , a base unit and a hand-held controller . The device electrically stimulates the tactile receptors on the tongue . The electrode array has a spatial map such that , as people move across a room , the vibration goes across the tongue . "  People are able to adapt and be trained to interpret this as spatial information , " said Dr. William Seiple , vice president for research at the nonprofit Lighthouse International in New York . The device is being tested at Lighthouse , which has a mockup bedroom , bedroom and kitchen to help visually impaired individuals learn how to handle real-life situations . Watch as one patient gets an artificial corneal transplant " Another avenue of research is the retinal implant . The user experiences something akin to what a person with sight sees when pressing on a closed eyelid : flashes of light , Seiple said . The rays of the electrode in the eye produce these flashes , which the brain learns to interpret . "  We 've all done this throughout our lives , " he said . "  We have to interpret what 's out there in the world . " Getting around without seeing The U.S. Mint introduced the first coin with readable Braille in March , but not for general circulation . Only 400,000 are minted , and they cost more than $ 30 each . The National Federation of the Blind can receive surcharges from sales . Since paper bills have no obvious tactile indicators , blind individuals can ask for their money bill by bill at the bank and fold it in different ways to know what they 're getting , Pinon said . He tends to use debit cards when possible . As sighted people feel around with canes in the dark at Dialog , Pinon helps them along with the sound of his voice and , for the lost ones , a gentle pat on the shoulder . Pinon has a dog to help him navigate . He has a wife and three children . He even enjoys traveling , sampling the smells , tastes and sounds of foreign voices . Moving to a new place -- from Florida to Georgia -- was somewhat challenging , but , as he told a group of Dialog visitors seated in total darkness , "  You have to be adventurous and explorative and just get out and get to know the area a little bit . "  You pretty much have to be fearless , " he said .	Fewer than 10 percent of legally blind individuals in the U.S. read Braille BrainPort allows the user to have spatial orientation through vibrations on the tongue Stem cells may also hold promise for age-related macular degeneration Another avenue of research is the retinal implant
CNN  ISIS claimed responsibility for a suicide car bomb attack Friday near the U.S. Consulate in the Kurdish Iraqi city of Irbil , according to several Twitter accounts linked to the terror group . The U.S. Consulate was the target of the attack , ISIS said . At least four people were killed and 18 injured , police said . All U.S. Consulate personnel were safe and accounted for following the explosion , U.S. State Department spokeswoman Marie Harf said . Irbil is the capital of Iraq 's semi-autonomous Kurdistan Regional Government . Police said the incident began with an explosion of a small improvised bomb in the area . After that blast , a car moved in the direction of the consulate . Security personnel fired at the car , which exploded but did not reach the consulate , a police official said . It appeared that people inside the car detonated explosives that the vehicle was carrying , according to the police official . A separate official , B.G. Hazhar Ismail , said three civilians were killed and five others were injured . Ismail is a spokesman for the Peshmerga , the force that defends Iraq 's Kurdish region . The blast sent a huge fireball into the sky on a street parallel to the consulate . Dark smoke filled the air , and gunfire was heard intermittently for the next hour . One witness said he saw attackers in a gunbattle with consulate security and police . Helicopters circled the neighborhood where the blast occurred , and a loudspeaker at the consulate building warned people to stay indoors and away from windows . In addition to the U.S. Consulate , the blast occurred immediately across the street from a strip of bars , cafes and shops popular with expats and consulate employees . The State Department thanked the response by the Kurdish government and will investigate the bombing together with them . "  The United States will continue to stand with the people of the Iraqi Kurdistan Region and all Iraqis as we work together in confronting these terrorist acts and towards our shared goal of degrading and defeating  ISIS  , " the department said in a statement . CNN 's Kareem Khadder and Jason Hanna and journalist Mat Wolf contributed to this report .	All U.S. Consulate personnel safe after blast , State Department spokeswoman says Suicide bombers blow up car near the U.S. Consulate in Irbil , Iraq
CNN  -- "  Precious , " a movie about a 1980s-era Harlem teen who strives to overcome abuse , neglect and illiteracy , pulled five Independent Spirit Award nominations Tuesday morning . Stars Gabourey Sidibe and Mo'Nique were both recognized for their portrayals of a mother and daughter in a dysfunctional relationship , with a best female lead nomination for newcomer Sidibe and a best supporting female nomination for Mo'Nique . The film 's success is not entirely a surprise , considering that the Oprah Winfrey - and Tyler Perry-backed Sundance darling has earned $ 27 million at the domestic box office and was received well by audiences during its slow rollout in cities across the nation in November . Sidibe 's work in "  Precious " has been one of the breakout roles of the year , and the young actress is rumored to be the star of a new series , "  The C Word . " However , it has n't been all smooth for "  Precious " : The film earned zero nominations for the Gotham Independent Film Awards , which were given out Monday night . The Gotham awards are a New York-based indie film honor . "  The Hurt Locker , " by contrast , took home two Gotham awards Monday night , one for best picture and the other for best ensemble . There were no Independent Spirit Award nominations for this Iraq war drama , however , as it was nominated last year . For the Spirits , "  Precious " is facing off against the Zooey Deschanel-driven "  500  Days of Summer , " "  Amreeka , " "  The Last Station " and "  Sin Nombre " for best picture . "  Summer " also snagged a nomination for best male lead , a nod for Joseph Gordon-Levitt . On top of the best picture nomination , "  The Last Station " -- a biographical piece about Leo Tolstoy featuring James McAvoy , Helen Mirren and Paul Giamatti -- is up for best director , best screenplay , best female lead and best supporting male lead . Christian McKay , another relatively unknown actor in the United States , has gotten lots of love from critics for his portrayal of Orson Welles in Richard Linklater 's "  Me and Orson Welles , " and the Spirit Awards noticed , giving the British actor a nomination for best supporting male performer . In order to be considered , all films had to be 70 minutes long with a budget under $ 20 million , and had to have screened at one of the major film festivals , such as Sundance or Toronto . The awards ceremony is typically held the Saturday before the Academy Awards , but since the Spirit Awards are celebrating their 25th anniversary in 2010 , they 're moving out from under Oscar 's shadow and will air live on the Independent Film Channel on March 5 .	"  Precious " and "  Last Station " both lead Independent Spirit Award nominations Acclaimed indie "  Hurt Locker " did n't earn any nominations , as it was nominated last year "  500  Days of Summer " is up for best picture , along with "  Amreeka , " "  Sin Nombre "
CNN  -- Enough already about "  Angry Birds " -- there were plenty of great console video games in 2011 . Many longtime franchises put bows on storylines that had been going on for years . It was also the year of the shooter  and the number 3  as "  Battlefield 3 , " "  Gears of War 3 " and "  Call of Duty : Modern Warfare 3 " brought players into combat zones with new and creative gameplay . Those titles got lots of hype and sold millions of units , but none made my list of the top games of the year . As with any top 10 list , many good games did not make the cut . I tried to include games that I never really wanted to put down until the very last scene . Of course , your list will vary . Here 's my list , counted down in order , of my 10 favorite games of 2011  feel free to disagree in the comments  : 10 . "  Uncharted 3 : Drake 's Deception " A fitting finale for Nathan Drake and his adventures , "  Uncharted 3 : Drake 's Deception " wraps up the historical adventure franchise with possibly his greatest treasure yet . Not only does the story take a look back and reveal how Drake got started on his quests , but it also tied up many loose plot lines very well . The game feels like an Indiana Jones adventure , and Drake keeps a wry sense of humor throughout the most trying times . The designers did their research to showcase several incredible environments , historical references and lost treasures . Players will come away feeling like they 've been on a grand adventure , which they have .  PlayStation 3 9 . "  LA Noire " "  LA Noire " puts the story to the forefront in a daring attempt to be different . Action is dictated by the narrative and the characters and not by a ploy to get the plot moving . It looks and feels like a 1940s-style detective thriller with some great voice acting and motion capture animation . It emphasizes storytelling without forcing dialogue or plot . Expect to see more games like this in the future .  PlayStation 3 , Xbox 360 , Windows PC 8 . "  Little Big Planet 2 " Sackboy returned and actually got better . "  Little Big Planet 2 " has a single-player story that has a good plot and supporting characters . There is actual dialogue instead of grunting or mumbles . The puzzle solving remains fun , but the creation of levels to share with the community raises the enjoyment level . And the inclusion of social-media connections increases the player 's audience .  PlayStation 3 7 . "  Deus Ex : Human Revolution " "  Deus Ex : Human Revolution " allows players to experiment with different augmentations to enhance their human character . Creatively building and upgrading , gamers will discover new ways to complete missions even during replays . The atmosphere of the not-so-far-away future is one of hope and despair . The story is well-crafted and keeps players involved with little downtime or boredom .  PlayStation 3 , Xbox 360 , Windows PC 6 . "  NBA 2K12 " "  NBA 2K12 " gave hoops fans a great outlet while the real NBA resolved its labor dispute . Improved animations make the action look more realistic than ever . The inclusion of more of the NBA 's greatest players from the past lets you pit superstars from different eras against each other . And the "  My Player " mode lets you get drafted , work your way up the depth chart and learn to face the harsh glow of the media during press conferences .  PlayStation 3 , Xbox 360 , PlayStation 2 , PlayStation PSP , Windows PC , Nintendo DS , Nintendo Wii 5 . "  Saints Row the Third " So many games use sex and violence as a hook to draw in players . "  Saints Row the Third " uses them as the canvas of a hilariously funny and sexually charged romp that also offers excellent game mechanics . Missions are ultra-violent , outlandish and filled with tons of OMG moments . Drive around with a tiger in your car . Rescue hookers from a violent gang . Converse with Burt Reynolds and Hulk Hogan . It 's all tongue-in-cheek , fast-paced fun that players will enjoy .  PlayStation 3 , Xbox 360 , Windows PC 4 . "  Bastion " An independent title that shows what the "  little guy " could do , "  Bastion " is a surprisingly stunning game with original weaponry , an environment that players put together as the game progresses and narration that literally tells the story of what you are doing at that time . Dialogue is n't tied to a predetermined set of events . The narrator , known as the Stranger , reacts to what your character does and makes the game seem personalized . It 's a game that 's fun to play but never takes itself too seriously .  Xbox Live Arcade , Windows PC 3 . "  The Elder Scrolls V : Skyrim " Let me say first that my top three could be shuffled in any order and it would still be right . But this is how I 'm shuffling them  for now  . "  The Elder Scrolls V : Skyrim " is an open-world , role-playing game that literally has more than 100 quests to complete . Your character can be trained in any skill at any time , thus assuring that the game is personal to each player . Sure , there are some minor bugs in it , but they are more amusing than frustrating . And any game that lets me stand at the top of a mountain while more than a dozen dragons fill the sky is a big winner in my book . It is enthralling , addictive and satisfying .  PlayStation 3 , Xbox 360 , Windows PC 2 . "  Batman : Arkham City " The Dark Knight returns to his beloved Gotham and discovers it to be just as violent and twisted as the dark halls of Arkham Asylum . His new adventures , "  Batman : Arkham City , " expand the playing field dramatically and take the insanity into the open world . This allows for more freedom during combat and takes the missions away from a linear progression . The voice acting remains flawless , while the look of the game and its sense of foreboding throughout make it a pleasure to play . Love all the classic villains , too . This "  Batman " game was difficult to put down , even after the main story line  which was highly dramatic  was finished .  PlayStation 3 , Xbox 360 , Windows PC 1 . "  Portal 2 " Outstanding characters ? Check . Cryptic puzzle solving ? Check . Great dialogue ? Check . Everything you 'd expect from a "  Portal " title returns in "  Portal 2 , " with some great additions . While the first title was all about the puzzles , this one keeps the puzzle-solving portion alive but mixes in a wonderful story that is fast-paced , informative and extremely humorous . Origins are discovered , new alliances are formed and there is not a crumb of cake to be had .  That 's a reference to the original "  Portal , " in case you 're confused .  If that is n't enough , a new co-op mode allows players to play as test robots that act like Abbott and Costello . It 's a fantastic game from start to finish .  Windows PC , Mac OS X , PlayStation 3 , Xbox 360	2011 brought plenty of great video games ; our gaming writer reveals his 10 favorites "  Portal 2 , " "  Batman : Arkham City " and "  The Elder Scrolls V : Skyrim " top the list Also ranked : "  Little Big Planet 2 , " "  LA Noire " and "  Uncharted 3 : Drake 's Deception "
CNN  -- This week , the U.S. International Trade Commission made a decision that sent shock waves around the world . The governmental agency banned the importation of Apple 's older iPhones  before the 4S  and cellular iPads  before the third-generation iPad 4G  into the U.S. market . These devices were found to violate a Samsung patent necessary to connect with AT&T 's cellular network . Simply put , if you 're an AT&T customer , your phone is not a phone without a technology that Samsung owns . Customs officers will hold any Apple shipments coming from China in 60 days if they contain those older products unless an appeals court sides with Apple or President Barack Obama vetoes the order . The president has delegated this decision-making power to the U.S. trade representative , but obviously , he can still do what no U.S. president has done in decades . However , he should n't get mired in this particular battle . A veto would be consistent with a set of patent reform proposals the White House unveiled a few hours before the ITC 's decision , which would make it harder to obtain such bans . But it would mean depriving Samsung of its most significant victory in a bitter legal spat with Apple and interfere in the intense two-horse race going on in the smartphone market . A veto would also snub a major U.S. trading partner and geopolitical ally : South Korea , where Samsung accounts for about a fifth of the national economy . The South Koreans would certainly cry foul over "  protectionism . " The good news for Apple is that most of the affected products are no longer on sale . The ones that are still being sold are Apple 's lowest-priced entry-level offerings . As soon as Apple launches the iPhone 5S , the iPhone 5 will replace the 4S as the mid-priced product . The iPhone 4S , which is also safe , will then become the low-end iPhone . Until this happens , we 're talking about 1 % of Apple 's sales -- less , actually , because AT&T can buy as many iPhone 4 and iPad 2 units over the next 60 days as it wants and sell them afterward . And customers still have different models from which to choose . But there 's a bigger reason for concern . What Samsung dropped on those older Apple products is the patent equivalent of a nuclear bomb , and a U.S. government agency with court-like powers said : "  Yes , Samsung , you 're in your right to use this lethal weapon , and we do n't care that Apple claims it 's been universally outlawed . " Next time someone -- not necessarily Samsung , which could even find itself on the receiving end -- will use patents of this kind , called standard-essential patents , to nuke products that jobs depend on and that customers will sorely miss . And next time could be a matter of months because various other ITC cases over standard-essential patents are pending and will come to judgment soon . That 's the real concern . Not the iPhone 4 . Why are standard-essential patents the equivalent of a nuclear weapon ? Because there are industry standards that establish the use of certain techniques . Unless your phone and mine use the same standard , we ca n't give each other a call or send each other a photo because the devices we use wo n't understand each other . This is called interoperability -- working together . When companies get together and define a standard , they have to promise to use these patents only as parking meters , not as guns . Conventional patents , such as the ones Apple is suing Samsung over , do n't raise the same issues . For example , Apple is suing Samsung over a feature called "  rubber-banding . " It 's the iconic bounce-back effect when you scroll a list  such as your phone 's address book  and reach the end . I like it , but if you have rubber-banding and I do n't , we can still keep in touch . No nuclear threat there . Congress should work with the president and denuclearize the mobile patents wars by disallowing import bans over standard-essential patents . Now . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Florian Mueller .	U.S. government agency gave Samsung a victory over Apple in patent dispute Florian Mueller : President Obama can veto the ruling , but he should n't get mired in it He says what 's really at state are standard-essential patents Mueller : Congress can abate mobile patents wars by disallowing bans over SEPs
California Gov. Jerry Brown has vetoed a bill that would have prohibited police in that state from conducting warrantless searches of the cell phones of people under arrest . "  This measure would overturn a California Supreme Court decision that held that police officers can lawfully search the cell phones of people who they arrest , " the governor 's brief statement said . "  The courts are better suited to resolve the complex and case-specific issues relating to constitutional search-and-seizures protections . " The veto dismayed privacy advocates and others who said it could allow overzealous authorities to trample citizens ' constitutional rights . California Sen. Mark Leno , who sponsored the bill  SB 914  , responded : "  This veto is very unfortunate . The message from the governor was rather incoherent . When you consider all the information that is accessible on one smartphone , if that same information was contained anywhere else police would need a warrant to search for it . So it makes no sense to carve out a legal exception for smartphone searches . " According to California Assembly rules , state legislators must wait a year before attempting to reintroduce this legislation . Over the summer , SB 914 unanimously passed the California legislature . The bill would have protected against the warrantless search of personal and private information contained in the cell phones of people who have been arrested . This bill was inspired by a California Supreme Court ruling in January in the case of Gregory Diaz . After his 2007 drug-related arrest , an officer with the Ventura County Sheriff 's Department checked the text messages on Diaz 's phone and found incriminating messages . That state court ruling has privacy implications that reach far beyond text messages . It allows police in California to access any data stored on an arrestee 's phone : photos , address book , Web-browsing history , data stored in apps  including social media apps  , voicemail messages , search history , chat logs , and more . Also , depending on the use of location-enabled services or apps that store data on the phone , the police might also be able to infer the arrestee 's past whereabouts . On October 3 , the U.S. Supreme Court denied a petition to hear the Diaz case . So with the governor 's veto , the state court ruling stands as law in California . In a blog post about the California veto , law professor Orin Kerr contended that "  Governor Brown has it exactly backwards " because legislatures tend to move far more quickly than the courts -- an important advantage when dealing with issues that involve fast-changing technology . Kerr also pointed out that there 's a conflict of interest when the executive branch , which oversees law enforcement in the state , is in a position to block laws that would limit the powers of law enforcement . What happens next ? Hanni Fakhoury , staff attorney for the Electronic Frontier Foundation  which has been supporting the California bill , and following this issue nationwide  expects an increase in law enforcement "  fishing expeditions " involving cell phones . "  I think we 'll probably start to see more questionable searches of cell phones in arrests that have nothing to do with cell phones , " he said . He cited a recent case before California 's 6th Appellate Court in Silicon Valley , where police pulled over a driver expected of driving under the influence . Once they 'd arrested the suspect , they searched his cell phone and found evidence indicating possible drug trafficking activity that was unrelated to the original arrest premise . The court supported this search , so evidence from the phone was legally used in the case . Aside from Fourth Amendment concerns about self-incrimination , Fakhoury and Leno both observed that this veto poses clear concerns for First Amendment and press freedoms in California -- and perhaps elsewhere , as other state governments and courts decide what to do about warrantless cell phone searches . Noting how much the Occupy Wall Street protestors are using cell phones to organize and publicize the demonstrations spreading around the United States , Fakhoury said , "  California police might decide to arrest you for disturbing the peace , or illegal camping , and then check your phone and see messages coming through from organizers . " Said Leno , "  Reporters who are covering protests and other events that attract police attention should be concerned about getting arrested and then having the info they gathered , including info about sources , ending up in police hands . " Since several states are wrestling with this issue , Fakhoury expects it will likely end up before the U.S. Supreme Court . But in the meantime , if you 're in California and are concerned about privacy and your constitutional rights , it 's a good idea to protect your cell phone and other electronic devices with a password or encryption . In our January story on warrantless cell phone searches , Catherine Crump of the American Civil Liberties Union told CNN that if you keep your phone locked , "  The police can ask you to unlock your phone -- which many people will do . But they almost certainly can not compel you to unlock your phone without the involvement of a judge . " The opinions expressed in this post are solely those of Amy Gahran .	Governor vetoes a bill requiring police to get a warrant to search an arrested person 's phone Authorities could search someone 's texts , chat logs , photos , search history and more California legislators must wait a year before reintroducing the bill
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- A Christian Pakistani woman sentenced to death for blasphemy is innocent and should be released , Pakistan 's minister for minority affairs told CNN . Shahbaz Bhatti reached his conclusion after a three-day investigation into allegations that Asia Bibi defiled the name of the Prophet Mohammed during an argument last year with Muslim fellow field workers . Bhatti said he personally submitted his finding to President Asif Ali Zardari on Thursday and recommended that Bibi be freed . "  This case was filed on the basis of religious and personal enmity , " Bhatti said . Despite the minister 's recommendation , it is still not clear if or when Bibi will be pardoned by the president . Zardari asked Bhatti to propose names for a committee of scholars and experts who would recommend reforms "  to effectively prevent the misuse of the blasphemy law for personal and political reasons . " On Wednesday , a presidential spokesman and spokeswoman told CNN that Zardari will pardon Bibi only if necessary and after the legal process has taken its course . Bibi has appealed her conviction and death sentence , a process that could take months . Bhatti said he has advised Bibi 's lawyer to file a petition for the court to rule on her appeal as soon as possible . He also said the president has called on authorities to provide added security for Bibi while she is in prison and when she 's released . Bibi 's husband told CNN his family received death threats soon after his wife 's case made headlines .	NEW : President calls for panel of scholars and experts to review blasphemy law Asia Bibi was accused of blasphemy and sentenced to death President says he 'll issue pardon only if necessary and after legal process has taken its course
CNN  -- Hundreds of additional police officers are being sent from Britain to Northern Ireland on Saturday after a night of loyalist rioting in Belfast left 32 officers injured across the city , police said . Officers came under attack Friday evening in north Belfast , the Police Service of Northern Ireland said , as loyalists protested a decision to bar a Protestant Orange Order march from returning through the mainly nationalist and Catholic Ardoyne area . Police footage posted on YouTube showed an angry crowd , with men wielding batons and throwing projectiles after police vehicles blocked their way . Police deployed water cannon in response . Lawmaker Nigel Dodds was briefly hospitalized after being struck on the head with a brick or a bottle thrown at police , authorities said . Trouble also broke out in south and east Belfast , leading to the arrests of seven men . Chief Constable Matt Baggott described the night 's rioting as "  shameful and disgraceful . " He said that another 400 police officers would arrive in Northern Ireland from Britain on Saturday as backup in case of further disorder . More than 600 "  mutual aid " officers from Britain are already in Northern Ireland to support local police . The Orange Order said early Saturday that it was suspending the protests it had called over the route the marchers were allowed to take Friday in north Belfast . The route was decided by the Northern Ireland Parades Commission , which rules on which marches are allowed to take place and which are banned , in an effort to keep friction to a minimum . July 12 is an important day for marches because it celebrates Protestant William of Orange 's defeat of the Catholic King James II at the Battle of the Boyne in 1690 . Hundreds of parades take place across Northern Ireland each year , the majority involving the Orange Order and associated organizations , although pro-Irish nationalists also have marches . Most parades pass off peacefully , but when members of one community march near or through neighborhoods dominated by another , violence sometimes results .	Northern Ireland police chief says 400 additional officers are being drafted in from Britain Police say 32 officers were injured in a night of rioting in Belfast Trouble broke out as loyalists protested a decision to bar marchers from a flashpoint area Orange Order marches on July 12 commemorate a historic Protestant victory in 1690
MEXICO CITY , Mexico  CNN  -- Beginning December 1 , Mexico City plans to hand out free medicine to elderly men with erectile dysfunction , the local government said . Medications such as Viagra , Levitra or Cialis reportedly will be offered under medical supervision . "  Everyone has the right to be happy , " said Marcelo Ebrard Casaubon , governor of the federal district that encompasses the Mexican capital . "  We have to protect people -- senior citizens above all , " he said in a statement Thursday . "  Many of them are abandoned and lack money . They do n't have medical services , and a society that does n't care for its senior citizens has no dignity . " The government said it plans to offer Viagra , Levitra or Cialis -- medication used to treat erectile dysfunction -- under adequate medical supervision . It cited figures saying that 70 percent of elderly men suffer from the condition . To obtain the medicine , men must first undergo a "  very , very detailed " medical check to screen for and possibly treat ailments such as hypertension and diabetes , the government said . Centers in Mexico City also will offer a variety of treatment to elderly men and women .	Elderly men in Mexico City must undergo medical screening first Free medicine will be out handed out to those with erectile dysfunction in December "  Everyone has the right to be happy , " official says Figures show 70 percent of elderly men suffer from condition , local government says
Rome  CNN  -- The family of a Minnesota couple that remains unaccounted for after a massive cruise ship ran aground off an Italian island last month plans to hold a memorial service to celebrate their lives . Gerald and Barbara Heil have been missing since the Costa Concordia hit rocks and ran aground off Giglio Island on January 13 . Relatives said they accept the decision to call off the search for missing passengers . A service is planned in the coming weeks , the family said in a statement . "  We are certainly disheartened to hear this news but understand and accept the decision to bring the search operation to a halt , " the statement on the family website said . "  We can not express enough our sincere gratitude to all those involved in the search and rescue effort . " Their daughter said her mother had not traveled much until her father retired from the Minnesota Department of Agriculture . "  They 'd been going a lot of places , " Sarah Heil told Chicago 's WBBM Radio . "  I was really happy because they deserved to go on this awesome trip they had planned . " The Heils are from the Minneapolis-St . Paul area . A total of 15 people remain missing after the cruise ship 's collision off the coast of Tuscany with about 4,200 people aboard . Seventeen bodies have been recovered . Franco Schettino , captain of the Costa Concordia , said after the ship hit the rocks , he ran it aground to keep it from sinking and limit the tilting . It came to rest on its right side with roughly 50 % of the ship under water . It is currently rotated nearly 90 degrees . Salvage operations in the part of the ship above the water line will continue , salvage officials said , along with searches around the wreck . Underwater operations have previously been temporarily suspended for safety reasons , but have always resumed . Technical experts are advising they come to a permanent end . Schettino is under house arrest on suspicion of manslaughter , causing a shipwreck and abandoning ship while passengers were still aboard . He denies the charges , saying his actions saved lives . Schettino has admitted to prosecutors , defense attorneys and a judge that he made a "  mistake " in colliding with the rocks off shore . But he has brushed aside suggestions that he was going too fast , as prosecutors allege . The lead prosecutor is asking that Schettino be sent back to jail . A hearing has been scheduled for Monday . However , Schettino 's lawyer says his client should be released from house arrest . A number of survivors have filed lawsuits against the company that ran the cruise , Costa Cruises . Costa has announced it is offering each of about 3,200 passengers who had been aboard the vessel a lump sum of 11,000 euros  $ 14,400  , in compensation for their loss of property and emotional distress , as well as a refund of costs associated with the cruise . Separate agreements will be reached with those passengers who were injured and needed treatment at the scene and with the families of those who died , Costa said . CNN 's Hada Messia and Nigel Walwyn contributed to this report	15 people are still missing after the shipwreck off the coast of Italy The missing include Minnesota couple Gerald and Barbara Heil Relatives plan a memorial service in the coming weeks The captain of the Costa Concordia is under house arrest
Washington  CNN  -- Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu told a joint meeting of the U.S. Congress Tuesday that he is prepared to make "  painful compromises " for a peace deal with Palestinians , but reiterated his insistence that Israel will never return to the boundaries that existed before the 1967 Middle East war . While asserting he is prepared to be "  generous " in regard to the size of a future Palestinian state , Netanyahu stressed the importance of keeping control over certain densely settled areas within the West Bank . He stressed that Israeli security will be a major consideration in the establishment of future boundaries . The prime minister flatly ruled out any so-called "  right of return " for Palestinian families who left Israel after the state 's founding in 1948 . "  Jews from around the world have a right to immigrate to the Jewish state , " Netanyahu said . "  Palestinians from around the world should have a right to immigrate , if they so choose , to a Palestinian state . This means that the Palestinian refugee problem will be resolved outside the borders of Israel . " The prime minister blamed Palestinians for refusing to recognize the Jewish state 's right to exist , and repeated his demand that Jerusalem remain united as Israel 's capital . Netanyahu 's speech in the House chamber -- a rare honor for a foreign leader -- was perceived by many observers as a response to President Barack Obama 's call last Thursday for peace talks based on the 1967 lines with "  mutually agreed " land swaps . Vice President Joe Biden and House Speaker John Boehner , R-Ohio , were both on hand for the Israeli leader 's remarks . Netanyahu was warmly received by Democrats and Republicans alike . Top Palestinian officials , however , argued that Netanyahu 's terms did not convey a serious desire to pursue a resolution . "  I am willing to make painful compromises to achieve this historic peace , " Netanyahu declared . "  In a genuine peace , we 'll be required to give up parts of the ancestral Jewish homeland . "  Some settlements will end up beyond Israel 's  current  borders , " he acknowledged . But "  Israel will not return to the indefensible boundaries of 1967 . " Israel seized the West Bank , Gaza , Golan Heights and Sinai Peninsula during the 1967 war . The Sinai has since been returned to Egypt . Israel annexed the Golan Heights in 1981 , a move not recognized by the international community and condemned by Syria , which still claims the land . The more militant Palestinian group Hamas now controls Gaza , while the more moderate group Fatah administers the West Bank , site of a growing number of Israeli settlements . Ultimately , the Palestinians are aiming to unite Gaza and the West Bank under the authority of a new state . Netanyahu flatly ruled out negotiations with Hamas , which is recognized as a terrorist organization by both the United States and Israel . He also dismissed prospects of United Nations recognition of a Palestinian state later this year . "  Peace can not be imposed . It must be negotiated , " he said . At the same time , Netanyahu insisted Israel must be allowed to maintain a military presence along the Jordan River , the eastern boundary of the West Bank . For their part , Palestinian officials have refused to enter into new talks with Israel on the decades-old conflict until Israel stops building settlements on occupied West Bank land the Palestinians see as part of their future state . Looking beyond the dispute with the Palestinians , Netanyahu highlighted the growing danger posed by a nuclear-armed Iran . "  Time is running out , " Netanyahu warned . "  The greatest danger facing humanity could soon be upon us : A militant Islamic regime armed with nuclear weapons . "  If history has taught the Jewish people anything , it is that we must take calls for our destruction seriously , " he said . "  We are a nation that rose from the ashes of the Holocaust . When we say never again , we mean never again . Israel always reserves the right to defend itself . " The Israeli leader congratulated the Obama administration for the recent U.S. military mission resulting in the death of al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden in Pakistan . "  Congratulations America , " he said . "  You got bin Laden . Good riddance . " One top Palestinian official blasted the tone of Netanyahu 's remarks , insisting that the Israeli leader "  is not in a negotiation mood but rather a dictation mood . " "  He wants to impose on the Palestinian people what he sees as the future of the Palestinian state , " said Sabri Saidam , deputy speaker of the Fatah Council . "  Then he wants to call upon the Palestinians to sit for peace . What peace ? He 's turned peace into a process that he likes , and he 's turned the country into pieces . " "  This is more of a Swiss cheese state that Netanyahu wants to come into being , " Saidam argued . Nabil Shaath , another senior member of Fatah , criticized Netanyahu 's refusal to consider a right of return for the descendents of Palestinians who left around the time of Israel 's founding . Israel is "  talking about the right for a people to go back to a land they thought they had 4,000 years ago , but for refugees from Palestine that were driven out of their land only 60 years ago , this is an impossibility for them to get back to their homes , " Shaath said . Without serious peace talks , the Palestinian Authority will seek a formal recognition of statehood at the United Nations in September , Shaath insisted . He dismissed the "  furor " over the role of Hamas in such talks , calling it a "  pretext for not going into any serious negotiations . " Shaath also said the repeated applause for Netanyahu by members of Congress calls into "  serious question ... the even-handedness of America when it comes to a question that is that important to the people of Palestine and the people of the Middle East . " Netanyahu 's speech on Capitol Hill was disrupted briefly by a protester who was heard screaming , "  Equal rights for Palestine , " before police escorted her out of the chamber . Capitol Police identified the woman as Rachel Abileah and said she was charged with unlawfully disrupting Congress , a misdemeanor . On Monday night , activists from the American anti-war activist group Code Pink interrupted Netanyahu 's speech to the influential American Israel Public Affairs Committee at least twice . The group criticized what it called "  the theft of Palestinian land " and the Israeli blockade of Gaza . AIPAC is a major force in U.S. politics , drawing top administration and congressional leaders to its conventions . In his own speech to AIPAC on Sunday , Obama asserted that the "  status quo " in the Israeli-Palestinian conflict is unsustainable . The president also insisted once again that Israel 's pre-1967 borders should be the starting point for negotiations over the shape of a future Palestinian state . The proposal is a long-standing formulation in peace talks that Obama has now expressed as official U.S. policy for the first time . "  It is a well-known formula to all who have worked on this issue for a generation , " Obama said to applause . "  It allows the parties themselves to account for the changes that have taken place over the last 44 years , " including the new demographic realities on the ground and the needs of both sides . " But Obama also criticized the Palestinian push to seek U.N. recognition of an independent state , and a Palestinian Authority-Hamas agreement to hold unifying elections in 2012 . CNN 's Tom Cohen , Kevin Flower , Deirdre Walsh and Matt Smith contributed to this report .	"  Israel will not return to the indefensible boundaries of 1967 , " he says The Israeli prime minister addresses a joint meeting of the U.S. Congress Palestinians refuse to accept the Jewish state , Netanyahu says A protester screams , "  Equal rights for Palestine " before police escort her out
CNN  -- What 's the best way to find great links on the web ? Is it algorithmic search engines like Google , people-powered decision-making , or a combination of both ? This has been the perennial question online ever since Yahoo 's human-organized directory of web links lost the battle to Google 's automated crawlers . And yet now , in some circles at least , the pendulum appears to be swinging back : Google is broken , say some technologists , and people-power is the best fix . What 's the problem with Google search ? Spam , say the critics . Or rather , a new genre of not-quite-spam . So-called "  content farms " have sprung up to produce thousands of articles per day with titles that match popular search terms -- dig in to the content however , and you 'll find it anything but useful . This Google-fatigue began as early as December 2009 , when venture capitalist Paul Kedrosky remarked that using Google to search for a new dishwasher delivered nothing but spam results . "  Info-krill " , Kedrosky called it , "  Identify some words that show up in profitable searches -- from appliances , to mesothelioma suits , to kayak lessons -- churn out content cheaply and regularly , and you 're done . " It 's a concept that was revisited this month by prominent British blogger Alan Patrick , who remarked : "  This year it really hit home just how badly Google 's systems have been spammed , as typically anything on Page 1 of the search results was some form of SEO spam " . Others have come to the same conclusion . Prominent software developer Jeff Atwood this month declared "  Trouble in The House of Google " , while entrepreneur Vivek Wadhwa outlined his reasons "  Why We Desperately Need a New  and Better  Google " , namely "  spammers and marketers " . Developer Marco Arment , meanwhile , decried the "  apparent explosion recently of cheap - ` content ' sites " , which have contributed to "  Google 's apparent defeat by spam . " While the problem is clear , do technologists agree on the solution ? It appears they do . Atwood asks : "  Are we seeing the first signs that algorithmic search has failed as a strategy ? Is the next generation of search destined to be less algorithmic and more social ? " Kedrosky too proposes a human-powered solution , declaring that "  curation is the new search . " Wadhwa , meanwhile , points to new search engine contender Blekko , which searches within sets of websites defined by human editors . And Arment proposes a combined approach : "  One solution may be for Google to radically change their algorithms and policies for web search to de-emphasize phrase-matching and more strongly prioritize inbound links and credibility . And , in what 's probably a huge departure for them , have human employees use their opinions of site quality to manually adjust the relevance of domains . " While I 'm inclined to agree that human-powered decision-making may increase the quality of search results , it 's worth noting that the path to "  curation " is littered with bodies . In December 2010 , news leaked that Yahoo was looking to close down the social-bookmarking site Delicious . Yahoo later clarified that the company was instead looking to sell the service , which had pioneered wide-scale , people-powered categorization of web links . Yahoo 's attempts to jettison the site are hardly a shining example of the rise of human curation . Last year also saw the downfall of another Web 2.0 pioneer -- Digg.com , which enables users to vote on Web links and ranks the most popular results , saw its web traffic plummet after a redesign that aimed to keep pace with Twitter and Facebook . It 's there , I think , where we might finally see curation bloom : On Twitter and Facebook , where users share millions of links per day without even the mildest sense that they 're "  curators " of the web . To these everyday internet users , they 're just sharing cool websites with friends ; To those who seek to make sense of an increasingly complex web , these millions of social signals are gold dust . The solutions will come in many forms , from Bing 's integration of Facebook "  Likes " into its search results to Twitter - and Facebook-powered newspapers like Paper.li and The Twitter Tim.es . But ultimately , and with a few stumbles , we 'll find numerous ways to combine human judgment with the efficiency of algorithms .	Google is broken , say some technologists , and people-power is the best fix Spam is the big problem with Google search , critics say One expert proposes a human-powered solution , says "  curation is the new search "
New York  CNN  -- Thousands of protesters rallied Saturday on a New York street where Eric Garner , an unarmed black man , died after a white police officer put him in a chokehold , sparking national outrage just weeks before Michael Brown was shot to death by a police officer in Ferguson , Missouri . The two cases thrust into the forefront the issues of law enforcement 's use of deadly or life-threatening force and police relations with the communities they are sworn to serve . On Saturday , as former classmates at the Normandy High School football game in Ferguson held a moment of silence for Brown and the local NAACP led a march calling for justice , demonstrators gathered more than 900 miles away on the Staten Island street where Garner died . The "  We Will Not Go Back March " was led by the Rev. Al Sharpton 's National Action Network , whose members also participated in demonstrations in Ferguson . At times , the Missouri protests erupted into looting and clashes with law enforcement officers . Organizers said thousands participated in the New York march and rally -- during which no arrests were reported . "  I have seven grandsons , " said a marcher who identified herself only as Diane and said Eric Garner was her friend and neighbor . "  I do n't want what happened to Eric and Michael Brown to happen to them . " The march started on the street where the 43-year-old , 350-pound Garner crumbled after being placed in a chokehold during a confrontation with the police for allegedly selling cigarettes illegally . It proceeded to the office of the county district attorney , where a grand jury is to consider evidence in the death . "  We are here looking for justice , " Staten Island resident Kim Jenkins said . Demonstrators carried signs with messages such as "  Justice for Eric Garner , " "  Black Lives Matter " and "  Hold Killer Cops Accountable . " Speakers cited a litany of names of men and woman who died at the hands of police throughout the country . The marchers included members of New York labor unions and local politicians . Kadiatou Diallo recalled the day her unarmed 22-year-old son Amadou who was killed in February 1999 in a hail of 41 bullets fired by four police officers in the Bronx . He was struck 19 times . Before the rally , she met relatives of Eric Garner , including his wife . "  It is not a black and white , " Diallo told the crowd . "  We are not against the police , the NYPD or the police nationwide . It is about wrong . ... We have to stop this . Too many tears . Too many victims . " Former New York Gov. David Paterson told demonstrators : "  We will not stop until somebody goes to jail . " During his fatal police encounter , Garner raised both hands in the air and told the officers not to touch him . Seconds later , a video shows an officer behind him grab him in a chokehold and pull him to the sidewalk , rolling him onto his stomach . "  I ca n't breathe ! I ca n't breathe ! " Garner said repeatedly , his cries muffled into the pavement . The cause of Garner 's death was "  compression of neck  chokehold  , compression of chest and prone positioning during physical restraint by police , " said Julie Bolcer , a spokeswoman for the medical examiner 's office . The death was ruled a homicide . Acute and chronic bronchial asthma , obesity and hypertensive cardiovascular disease were listed as contributing factors in a controversial death that fueled anti-police demonstrations and calls for a federal charges against the officer . The video showed Garner lying on the ground motionless after he was taken down . An asthmatic and father of six , Garner was later declared dead at a nearby hospital . Officer Daniel Pantaleo , who is seen on the video choking Garner , was put on modified assignment and stripped of his badge and gun amid the investigation , the New York Police Department said . A second police officer was placed on desk duty . The chokehold is prohibited by the NYPD . Two EMTs and two paramedics also were suspended without pay , according to Erika Hellstrom , vice president of development at Richmond University Medical Center . Police Commissioner William Bratton ordered an extensive review of the NYPD 's training procedures after Garner 's death . The U.S. Justice Department has said it is monitoring the investigation . If local prosecutors decline to file criminal charges , the department could conduct an investigation into whether the victim 's civil rights were violated . Opinion : The signal Ferguson sends about America Chokehold death leads police to review training procedures CNN 's Lawrence Crook III contributed to this report .	Scores of protesters to rally on New York street where unarmed man died Incident followed by the shooting death of an unarmed teen in a St. Louis suburb on August 9 Deaths have thrust into the forefront the issues of force , community relations
CNN  -- Formula One may be entering a new era in 2014 but the Mercedes and Ferrari teams chose to pay homage to the man who remains the benchmark for the sport on the first day of pre-season testing . Seven-time world champion Michael Schumacher , who finished his career with Mercedes in 2012 , remains in hospital in a medically-induced coma after a skiing accident at the end of December . The new Mercedes car -- the first 2014 car out on track Tuesday at the Jerez circuit in Spain -- ran with the message "  Keep Fighting Michael , " on its silver livery . The Ferrari team , who Schumacher raced for between 1996 and 2006 , also showed their support for their five-time world champion in Spain . On the eve of the first day of winter testing , the team 's crew posed with a pit board showing the message "  Forza Michael " while the new F14-T scarlet racer made its track debut in Jerez with the same words of encouragement . Ferrari plan to post 72 messages of support for Schumacher on their website to represent each of his wins with the Italian team . On Tuesday , the team published a note from Niki Lauda , who won two world championships for Ferrari in the 1970s , which read : "  Michael , every day I follow your improvements and every day I am close to you . I hope I can speak to you very , very soon ! " Schumacher is stable but remains in a coma at the Grenoble hospital as he fights the effects of a serious head injury , sustained in a skiing accident at the French Alps resort of Meribel on 29 December . His family have said the messages of support have given them strength but they have also asked for privacy from the clamoring media interest in his condition . Many dedicated motorsport journalists have turned their attention to Jerez , where 10 of the 11 F1 teams are due to trial their new look cars on track and put this season 's major rule changes to the test . Sebastian Vettel , with the help of new Australian teammate Daniel Ricciardo , unveiled the new Red Bull that he hopes will power him to a fifth straight world title . "  The car looks very different , " Vettel told reporters . "  There 's a lot going on , the technology behind it is very complex . " F1 has ripped up the rulebook for the 2014 season , which opens with the Australian Grand Prix on 16 March . The 2014 F1 rule changes explained The cars are now powered by 1.6-liter V6 turbo engines which also rely on a greater use of hybrid energy -- recovered through braking and from the car 's exhaust gases . The unveiling of thinner , lower nose cones and narrower front wings , to comply with new design rules , has also raised eyebrows . With so many major changes , Red Bull team boss Christian Horner , speaking to the media in Spain , warned : "  I think it 's dangerous sometimes to be over confident that you have all the elements in place for the start of any season . "  We 've enjoyed great continuity over the last few years - we 've got a strong driver lineup , we 've got a strong tech lineup , we 've got great strength in depth . "  But you ca n't take anything for granted - Formula One , like any sport , can be unpredictable at times . " At the end of the opening day of the test , Vettel had ticked off just three laps in his brand new Red Bull and did not set a fastest time . "  It was difficult to get an impression of what the new car is like , " Vettel told reporters . "  We were n't quite ready this morning and things took a little bit longer than expected . It was impossible to get a feeling for it today . " Jenson Button , the 2009 world champion , did n't get to take his McLaren out of the garage for a spin after the team 's progress was hampered by electrical issues . Ferrari set the fastest time of the day with their returning 2007 world champion , Kimi Raikkonen , at the helm just outpacing the Mercedes of Lewis Hamilton , who set a lap time of one minute 27.80 seconds . "  From a driving point of view , I did n't feel any amazing difference , although it 's much too early to give an opinion on this , " Raikkonen told the Ferrari website . "  Overall , we can say it was a good start . " Hamilton was also pleased with his first day at work , despite crashing his Mercedes after just 18 laps . The team later explained that the car had a front wing problem .	Mercedes and Ferrari show support for Michael Schumacher on first day of testing The seven-time world champion remain in a medically-induced coma after a ski accident The new Mercedes car is running with the message "  Keep Fighting Michael " Kimi Raikkonen 's Ferrari is fastest on day one of the first test in Jerez , Spain
Nairobi , Kenya  CNN  -- An additional suspect was arrested Sunday in connection with this month 's terrorist attack at a mall in Kenya 's capital , the country 's interior minister said . The arrest brings to nine the total number of people in police custody in connection with the attack on Nairobi 's Westgate Shopping Mall , Interior Minister Joseph Ole Lenku told reporters . He declined to release the identities or nationalities of the suspects allegedly involved in the September 21 terror attack , which resulted in a four-day standoff that left at least 67 people dead and parts of the shopping center destroyed . "  We believe it is premature and would jeopardize the results of the investigations if we go giving you the identities of the suspects arrested , " Lenku said . Lenku said authorities have interviewed 156 witnesses so far and found assault weapons in a vehicle they believe was used by terrorists involved in the attack . On Friday , the Kenya Red Cross said that 59 people remained missing after the attack . And last week outside a city morgue , CNN reporters saw dozens of families who were waiting for word , unsure whether their loved ones were dead or alive . But Lenku said Kenyan authorities have received no formal reports of missing persons , and believe that there were no hostages in the mall at the time the siege ended . The interior minister asked for aid agencies to forward any information they 've received to the government . "  It is the government position that there were no hostages and we managed to rescue all people from the building , " Lenku said . Lenku called for the U.S. government to lift an advisory warning travelers about Kenya , describing the State Department advisory as "  uncalled for , unnecessary and unfriendly . " Travel advisories are counterproductive in the fight against terrorism , he said . "  We can not and shall not allow terrorists to instill fear in our people , " he said . The State Department warning -- first put out in July -- said Americans already there or planning to go there should "  evaluate their personal security situation . " Lenku said the list of people killed in the attack includes :  57 Kenyans  2 French nationals  1 Chinese  1 Ghanaian  1 Canadian  1 Korean  1 Australian  1 South African  1 Peruvian  1 Dutch national The Kenyan interior minister did not mention any British nationals , but the British Foreign and Commonwealth Office has said that six British nationals are among the dead . At least three of them had dual citizenship , according to British media reports . The simple thing your mall can do to protect you CNN 's Victoria Eastwood reported from Nairobi . CNN 's Catherine E. Shoichet reported from Atlanta .	Kenya 's interior minister says 9 people tied to mall attack are in custody Authorities have interviewed 156 witnesses so far , he says Lenku : There are no missing persons reports ; Red Cross said 59 are missing He calls a U.S. advisory on Kenya "  uncalled for , unnecessary and unfriendly "
My military minder tells me to turn my camera off , and it soon becomes clear why . The poverty I see through the bus window is not the view of North Korea the regime wants to be seen . We are traveling from Hyangsan , three hours north of Pyongyang , back to the capital , but the main road and the sanctioned route has been flooded . This is the only way back . Buildings are in disrepair ; some barely look inhabitable . Residents of this small town walk or sit by the side of the road , many seeming to have little to do . A number of official-looking men dressed in brown Mao suits stand silently on street corners . It is impossible to know who they are or which element of the party or military they might work for , but they clearly seem to be observing . A sneak peek through the keyhole Despite the driver traveling as quickly as possible through these inhabited areas , you could still sense the local community being monitored . Dozens of men are working on the outskirts of town , building a stone wall between their crops and the swollen river . Boulders and stones are carried by hand and stacked without adhesive . This intensive labor force is seen repeatedly in the North Korean countryside , but I see no heavy equipment to help building or farming . One man trims hedges with a rusty scythe ; other men repair part of the pavement with small hand-held pickaxes . Cars are rare ; most people either walk or cycle . Surviving the streets of North Korea Back in the countryside , I am surprised by how much land has been farmed . The United Nations says a quarter of the country 's children are severely malnourished , and yet as far as the eye can see are fields of maize , rice , wheat and corn . In the midst of the Korean rainy season , the landscape is lush , and it raises the question of how this food , once harvested , is distributed . While driving to Hyangsan , an area the regime wants to see tourists flock to , we 're stopped at a number of military checkpoints . Each time , we are told we can not go on as the roads are flooded , but each time , our minders talk us through until it becomes clear there has been significant damage . One side of a dual carriageway has completely collapsed 20 feet into the river below . Two soldiers sit on their bikes and look on helplessly . This is considered one of the main roads in North Korea , but the damage caused could take months to fix , according to a military official accompanying us . The town of Hyangsan is filled with bunting and posters for the celebration of the 60th anniversary of the Korean War , a day North Korea calls "  Victory Day . " Women crouch by the side of the road clearing the grass of weeds ; others sweep the streets with a tree branch . Celebrations clearly extend far beyond the capital city . The landscape itself is stunning . Lush mountains rise from the fog covered river , a river that feeds the local community . One small boy fishes using a crudely made net , walking backward through the shallows , dragging the small net attached to a piece of wood in the hope of catching something . Nearby , a family washes their clothes in the river , suggesting running water is a luxury in this region . The hotel we are staying in has an intermittent supply . Farther downstream , a man has brought soap to the water 's edge to wash his hair and his clothing . A security official appears from nowhere to stop me filming . I see two different North Koreas on this trip : the sanctioned tourist view of the beautifully groomed gardens of the Pohyon Buddhist temple , with their perfectly preserved shrines . And the poorer view I see flashing by the bus window .	CNN 's Paula Hancocks experienced a rare trip through North Korea 's interior Countryside seemed to be well-farmed , despite reports of severe malnourishment Hancocks witnessed significant damage from flooding
CNN  -- ACE Rent A Car may not be the best-known player in the car rental industry , but it 's best in class for many travelers , a new survey finds . The Indiana-based company was tops in the J.D. Power and Associates 2011 North America Rental Car Satisfaction Study , released Tuesday . ACE received particularly high marks for its prices and shuttle service . Enterprise was in second place , performing especially well among leisure travelers . National ranked third in the study . The survey measures satisfaction with car rental companies in six categories : costs and fees , the pickup process , the return process , the rental car itself , the company 's shuttle bus or van , and the reservation process . Travelers ' overall happiness with rental car companies increased for a second consecutive year , the study found . "  As positive as this increase in satisfaction is , there remains ample opportunity for rental car companies to further delight their customers in the future , " said Stuart Greif , a vice president at J.D. Power and Associates . Those improvements could include companies digitally measuring gas tank levels for more accurate charges , retrieving mileage and gas information digitally as customers return cars , and giving real-time estimates of shuttle van arrival times , he said . Meanwhile , a big issue continues to be the amount of time it takes customers to pick up their cars . The average wait time now is 17 minutes , the study found . That 's an improvement from 20.5 minutes in 2010 but still way too long for many people . Satisfaction drops considerably among travelers who have to wait more than five minutes to get their car . "  The culture of immediacy creates expectations around timeliness of service that can be challenging to meet , " said Jessica McGregor of J.D. Power and Associates . The company advised travelers to use kiosks -- if available -- instead of waiting in line at the counter . Very few rental car customers now use kiosks , but those who do tend to be more satisfied with the experience overall , J.D. Power and Associates said . The 2011 North America Rental Car Satisfaction Study is based on more than 12,500 evaluations from business and leisure travelers who rented a car at an airport location . The survey was conducted between January and September .	Study : Travelers ' satisfaction with rental car companies increases for a second year ACE Rent A Car received the best grades , followed by Enterprise and National Study : Average wait time to pick up a car is 17 minutes , down from 20.5 minutes in 2010
Those airline baggage and reservation change fees add up , to the tune of more than $ 6 billion . U.S. airlines collected $ 3.5 billion in baggage fees and $ 2.6 billion in reservation change/cancellation fees last year , according to U.S. Department of Transportation data . That was a 3.8 % increase in baggage fees and a 7.8 % increase in reservation change/cancellation fees compared with 2011 . Delta Air Lines came out on top in baggage and reservation change/cancellation fees , collecting $ 1.6 billion last year . Delta 's baggage fees totaled $ 865.9 million and it collected $ 778.4 million in change/cancellation fees . United Airlines landed in second place in both categories , with $ 705.5 million in baggage fees and $ 660.9 million reservation change/cancellation fees . And the most satisfying airline is ... Those fees returned the airlines to profitability in 2012 . Total revenue for all passenger airlines last year was $ 159.5 billion , while total operating expenses were $ 153.6 billion . For the 10 largest U.S. airlines , that translated into net income of $ 201 million last year , up from a $ 500,000 loss in 2011 . And there 's no sign that the fees are going away . Delta , United , American Airlines and US Airways recently raised the cost of changing a reservation from $ 150 to $ 200 for many nonrefundable tickets for domestic flights . Frontier Airlines will soon start charging a $ 25 to $ 100 carry-on bag fee to many customers who book their tickets through third-party sites , excluding certain members of its frequent flier program . American was the first U.S. airline to charge customers for the first bag checked , starting in June 2008 . The fee was $ 15 , and other airlines quickly followed suit . That year , American collected $ 277,991 in baggage fees , according to U.S. Department of Transportation data . The U.S. airlines collected $ 1.1 million that year .	Airline baggage and reservation change fees added a lot to the bottom line Delta Air Lines collected the most fees of any U.S. airline reporting American was the first U.S. airline to charge baggage fees , starting in 2008
Berlin  CNN  -- U.S. President John F. Kennedy 's "  Ich bin ein Berliner " speech delivered 50 years ago was well received by more than 100,000 Germans hopeful for America 's steadfast support as Berlin came to symbolize one of the Cold War 's main battlegrounds . As presidential candidate in the summer of 2008 , Barack Obama had nearly twice that number of optimistic onlookers at Berlin 's Victory Column who eagerly anticipated a new American outlook on questions ranging from climate change to nuclear disarmament . The state visit to Germany this week , with a public appearance in front of the Brandenburg Gate , will most probably offer transatlantic reassurances and deliverables from the United States as echoed by both Democratic and Republican presidents in the past ; but instead , the current American president should take this as an opportunity to bring Germany out of its shell and persuade it to act as a legitimate power in world affairs . Although looked on as a traditional ally of the U.S. along with the UK and France , Germany has often taken a backseat within the trio since it struggles to find a comfort zone in the realm of hard security . Reminders of World War II 's devastation -- and Germany 's role in that -- have shaped the EU 's largest country to showcase its economic prowess rather than its military capabilities . According to the Stockholm International Peace Research Institute  SIPRI  , the United Kingdom spends nearly double on military expenditure as a percentage of GDP in comparison to Germany , and France is not far behind Britain . Yet today the cards are reshuffled , the economic crisis has left the UK and France weak and inward looking while Germany for the most part weathered the storm . Germany 's new standing in Europe and the world has garnered it respect and scorn , something that comes with the territory for a great power . President Obama recognizes Germany as a leading global player , and has mentioned the country in his last two State of the Union speeches . The U.S. has cultivated its relationship with Chancellor Angela Merkel : she was honored with a state dinner at the White House in 2011 and two years before that she was the first German chancellor in more than 50 years to address the U.S. Congress . Five decades ago , Germany was a trusted partner and a protectorate of the U.S. ; today it is Washington that needs Germany 's support in taking transatlantic relations to the next level . With the UK dangling threats to opt out of the EU and France struggling to jump start its economy ; the U.S. should encourage Germany to reignite the European project in order to show the world that Europe can be an essential partner when it comes to confronting challenges around the world . OPINION : Rehn : No need for UK ` threat ' to leave EU Three areas calling for German leadership are the euro crisis , transatlantic trade and multilateral security . Within Europe , Germany does n't have to solely spread the mantra of austerity , it could also share its lessons learned in economic reform and commitment to vocational education -- not too long ago it was labeled the Sick Man of Europe while today unemployment is below 7 % . On behalf of Europe , Germany should spearhead the current Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership  TTIP  between the United States and Europe that is on the negotiating table . TTIP will enhance the prosperity gains on both sides of the Atlantic and set the ground rules for trade as a check to China . Finally the U.S. needs NATO-member Germany to play a stronger military role at hot spots around the world . The misdeeds of Germany 's past should never be forgotten , and German decision-makers are sensitive to historical responsibility , all the more reason to support their allies when ushering change in despotic countries -- Libya was one such case . Parallels between two young presidents representing a vision of America a half a century apart will certainly be drawn during Obama 's state visit to Germany . There might even be a line for the history books after the speech at the Brandenburg Gate , but Obama knows there is no pressure . Germany 's expectations for America have dampened since his last visit and Berlin today shows scant scars of 1963 . It is the U.S. that hopes Germany will step up and take the leadership mantle in Europe and elsewhere . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Sudha David-Wilp .	Barack Obama makes a state visit to Germany this week He should persuade Germany to take the lead in world affairs , writes Sudha David-Wilp German leadership is required for the euro crisis , transatlantic trade and multilateral security
CNN  -- Money talks -- that 's hardly a revelation , but the overriding feeling towards Saturday 's David Haye versus Dereck Chisora "  circus fight " in London is shock and outrage that it could even take place . With neither fighter holding a British boxing license , promoter Frank Warren had to resort to asking the little-known Luxembourg federation to sanction the bout . It has since been expelled from the European Boxing Union for agreeing to give legitimacy to an event that no-one else would touch . Chisora was banned by the World Boxing Council and the British Boxing Board of Control following his bust-up with Haye in Munich in February , while his former world champion opponent escaped punishment only because he had already retired . Their ugly scuffle at a press conference after Chisora 's defeat by Vitali Klitschko , which Haye attended , has set the scene for a showdown straight from the pages of the professional wrestling handbook . Their pantomime behavior has only served to rack up the ticket sales to close to 30,000 and secure airtime in 60 countries worldwide . Chisora threatens to shoot Haye "  Chisora 's not a nice guy , the fact he bites people in the ring , spits water in peoples ' faces , slaps people at weigh-ins , kisses people at weigh-ins . What 's to like ? " Haye said this week . Boxing commentator Steve Bunce has compared Haye and Chisora 's Munich brawl to Lennox Lewis ' pre-fight rumble with Mike Tyson a decade ago . Lewis punched Tyson , and in exchange the American bit his leg . This was heralded at the time as the biggest fight ever . Needless to say this wo n't be the biggest fight ever , but expect passion , expect a feisty encounter between two British heavyweights who have both gone the distance with the Klitschko brothers in the past year and are still holding out for a rematch . Haye has pointed to worldwide attraction to the scuffle in Germany -- 20 million views of a YouTube video showing him brandishing a glass bottle -- as justification for Saturday 's fight . Can boxing climb out of the gutter ? "  People are looking at it . If I 'm disappointed in something , I 'm not going to keep looking at it , " Haye , who lost his WBA title to Wladimir Klitschko last year , told the UK Press Association . "  Beating Chisora wo n't add to my legacy . In 50 years ' time when people look back at my career they wo n't see this fight and think Dereck Chisora was a great fight and look what David did to him . "  Chisora does n't have any titles and has been coming off three losses . It 's a fight for the night , simply because I beat him up at a press conference a few months ago . " To give some indication of where men 's boxing is at , on the same night Britain 's Amir Khan will be fighting Danny Garcia in Las Vegas , having been reinstated as WBA welterweight champion after American Lamont Peterson was found guilty of doping following his controversial win when they met in December . WBC champion Garcia 's trainer and father has already upped the stakes by insulting Khan 's Pakistani heritage . "  He 's going to see a Pakistani fight on Saturday and knock his son out , " Khan responded . It 's all in stark contrast to the image that women 's boxing will be hoping to portray in the UK capital in the coming weeks , as females get to fight at the Olympics for the first time . There 's still some divided opinion as to whether female boxers should be included at the Games , but anyone who watches the athleticism and speed of veteran world titleholders Katie Taylor and Mary Kom will be left in no doubt as to their value to the tournament . "  She is without doubt the finest female amateur boxer in the world , " Bunce said of Taylor , who has won her 60 kg division at every world championships since 2006 . According to one blogger : "  Katie Taylor has single-handedly made women 's boxing an accepted , if not yet a mainstream sport . Young girls throughout Ireland lace up in clubs each week , inspired by a bona fide hero , and our collective print and broadcast media are enamored with the woman that inspired them . " The Irish fighter 's father Peter agrees , telling the Gulf news website : "  Katie 's pioneered the way for female boxing , she 's made their path a little bit easier . " Going to the Games , or watching from home ? Send us your pictures and videos He 's referring to the likes of 17-year-old Claressa Shields , who was the youngest boxer at the U.S. Olympic trials in February and fights with an assuredness beyond her years . Then there 's Savannah Marshall , who won Britain 's first world title on her 21st birthday in May . "  She 's winning for fun , " says Bunce . Kom , a five-time world champion and mother of twins , has been rated as one of the world 's most marketable athletes by SportsPro magazine . "  She has the potential to turn her into an Indian sporting legend and a role model for young Indian women , " it said . "  Despite its huge population , Olympic golds have been thin on the ground for India but Kom , the daughter of a farmer , has had the kind of humble beginnings and a family-oriented appeal that could make her the archetypal national heroine . " The name of boxing may have taken quite a battering in recent weeks with the media circus surrounding Haye vs. Chisora , but the women are sure to knock the men out of the limelight when it really matters at the London Games . Just do n't expect the  possibly fake  blood and guts you might see this weekend . "  Amateur female boxing is more about technique and skill and evading the heavy blows than it is about smashing people up , " says Tanya Aldred in British newspaper The Independent . "  For that reason , it should appeal to those who admire the discipline of boxing but not the blood and gore . "	David Haye and Dereck Chisora will face off this Saturday in London The fight will take place at Upton Park in front of a crowd of 30,000 An global audience throughout 60 countries will be tuning in to the controversial bout Women 's boxing debut at Olympics may rectify some of damage done to the sport
CNN  -- Sometimes a sign of the times is subtle . Let 's talk about it : Second Life has long been a forum for self-help , now some rehab centers are setting up shop there . For clients of an alcohol rehab center in Atlanta , one appears in the form of an after-care option : they can meet their therapist for follow-up sessions in Second Life , the popular virtual world . The clients at Accelerated Recovery Centers , all addicted to alcohol , first complete an initial two to three weeks of intensive therapy at the center , undergoing training and meeting with psychologists , counselors , life coaches , medical professionals , nutritionists and personal trainers . Then they go home -- where temptation waits . To cope with that , over the next nine to 12 months they have sessions with their therapist over the phone , through a video-chat service like Oovoo.com , or in Second Life . In the latter , an avatar that the client controls meets with another that the therapist controls . The rehab center has been carefully replicated within Second Life , on a secure parcel of virtual real estate called Identity Island . The furniture , walls , and layout of the virtual rehab center look the same as in Atlanta . The therapist 's face is mimicked on the avatars . Audio is used rather than text chat , so the therapist 's voice comes from the avatar during sessions . There 's also group therapy , with many avatars meeting at once . But the rehab center is not about technology -- it 's about helping clients overcome alcohol addiction .  The center was started about three years ago ; the Second Life option came last year . Some clients decide against Second Life . They 're not comfortable with computers , perhaps , or they do n't like being represented by an avatar . But for many , the virtual world works . They have a sense of having "  been somewhere , " notes David E. Stone , a licensed psychologist at the center and its chief technology officer . And they feel "  more comfortable meeting in a replica of the therapy room that they used in real life . " Many also tend to reveal more , or be more direct , in the virtual world -- a phenomenon called "  online disinhibition . "  You can see it in chat rooms too . And different aspects of identity tend to emerge with different mediums , whether text , voice , video or avatar  or in-person  , just as a group setting reveals different things than one-on-one . Avatar-based therapy raises some intriguing questions . For instance : Do clients identify with their avatars ? "  Clients may possibly objectify or distance themselves from their avatar , which in some cases might attenuate the effects of the therapy , " notes John Suler , a psychology professor at Rider University in New Jersey who has studied the topic . But in some cases an avatar might help , he notes . For instance developing an "  observing ego " -- the ability to look at oneself objectively and rationally -- is critical to many kinds of psychotherapy . "  It 's possible that interacting through an avatar might stimulate that observing ego , " he says . The rehab center 's use of the virtual world is , if anything , restrained . Of course not every problem can be addressed in Second Life , such as , Stone feels , psychotic disorders . Immersive worlds help cope with the real world But many therapists believe virtual worlds can help clients deal with fears or addictions and experiment with new behaviors and means of expression . Avatars are not always involved . For instance a virtual world can be immersive , with earphones , wrap-around goggles , vibrating floors or chairs , and even smells , so users feel they 're "  in " the world rather than controlling an avatar moving through it . The former has more power to distract , to the point where in some experiments burn victims have felt reduced pain while immersed . Such setups , however , can get expensive , whereas Second Life is free or low cost , making it an easy way for therapists to experiment with virtual worlds . The U.S. military uses virtual reality to help Iraq War veterans cope with post-traumatic stress disorder . Added to the visual experience are smells and sounds -- like burning rubber and Arabic prayer -- to help trigger flashbacks so they can be dealt with gradually in a safe environment , with a therapist on hand . A California chain called the Virtual Reality Medical Center helps clients overcome a wide range of fears , including of flying , heights , public speaking , closed spaces and spiders . Virtually Better in Georgia has similar offerings . The list goes on , with variations seen around the developed world . But these are still early years , and much remains to be seen and tested when it comes to virtual worlds and psychotherapy . Stone and his team plan to share their findings on the use of Second Life at an American Academy of Psychotherapists event in November . A fair bit of self-help goes on in Second Life , without therapists . For instance some physically disabled users combat depression by flying , dancing and earning a living in the virtual world . Shy types gain real-world confidence in virtual parties . This sort of thing is likely to happen more often . Research firm Gartner estimates that 80 percent of Net users worldwide will be in non-gaming virtual worlds like Second Life by the end of 2011 . Ironically , Internet addiction is also likely to rise -- meaning in some cases one malady could be swapped with another . Not all therapists will go virtual . Many insist on seeing cues like appearance , facial expressions and body language . Some set up shop in Second Life but require a real-world meeting first . Others accept PayPal and offer their services to any avatar or website visitor who happens along . Of course long-term success is rarely a sure thing in psychotherapy , whatever the approach . Back at the rehab center , therapists and clients are easing into virtual reality . Avatar-based therapy is just an option . In any case clients must return to the center at least once . The real center , that is , in Atlanta -- to meet with the real version of their therapist .	Some rehab centers using virtual worlds to complement therapy for addiction Self-help has already been a large feature in Second Life Some psychologists say patients might distance themselves from avatar Others suggest it could provide way to gain some useful objectivity
CNN  -- Russian President Dmitri Medvedev launched a technology tour of California Wednesday morning , visiting Cisco Systems for the company 's announcement of a $ 1 billion investment in Russian projects , and sending his first Twitter message . "  Greetings to everyone , I 'm at Twitter and this is my first message , " the Russian leader tweeted from Twitter headquarters in San Francisco . Medvedev also posted a photograph of the "  view outside my hotel window " in San Francisco and another of himself greeting Twitter employees from the new @KremlinRussia account . But at Cisco Systems headquarters in San Jose , Medvedev 's visit was serious business . He joined Cisco CEO John Chambers for Cisco 's announcement that it plans to invest $ 1 billion over several years in company projects aimed at developing innovation and entrepreneurship in Russia . Medvedev and Chambers also witnessed the signing of a memorandum of understanding between Cisco and the co-chairman of the high-tech innovation center Russia is planning to build in the town of Skolkovo outside of Moscow . Chambers said Cisco will bring $ 100 million in venture capital to the projected center . "  We 're all in , " Chambers told the Russian president . Medvedev , dressed in jeans , a sport jacket and open neck shirt , is touring companies in California 's Silicon Valley . His schedule also includes Apple , and Yandex , Russia 's largest search engine . "  I want to see everything , I want to see how it works , " he told CNN . He 's also scheduled to meet at a coffee shop with Russians working in Silicon Valley and then deliver a speech to Stanford University students . Wednesday evening he flies to Washington for Thursday meetings and lunch with President Barack Obama at the White House .	Russian President Dmitri Medvedev present for Cisco announcement Medvedev sends first Twitter message from Twitter HQ Cisco , Russia also ink $ 100 million deal for tech center in Sklokovo , Russia Medvedev to meet with President Obama Thursday at the White House
CNN  -- A Colorado woman charged with conspiring to provide material support to terrorists pleaded guilty on Tuesday , according to a U.S. Justice Department statement . Prosecutors say Jamie Paulin-Ramirez aided Colleen LaRose , a woman who called herself "  Jihad Jane , " in a conspiracy plot to commit murder . LaRose is suspected of communicating with Paulin-Ramirez in August 2009 , when the pair allegedly conspired to obtain military-style training in South Asia , traveling to Europe to participate and support violent jihad , according to a superseding indictment in 2010 . Paulin-Ramirez accepted LaRose 's invitation , traveling to Ireland with her child with the intent to live and train with jihadists , it said . "  Keeping our community and the country safe are a top priority of this office , " said U.S. Attorney Zane David Memeger , who lauded "  the importance and success of international collaboration when fighting terrorism . " Last month , LaRose pleaded guilty at a federal change-of-plea hearing in Philadelphia after being indicted in 2009 on four counts , including conspiring to support terrorists and kill someone overseas . She was allegedly part of a plot to murder Swedish cartoonist Lars Vilks , who outraged some by depicting the prophet Mohammed with the body of a dog in 2007 . But Paulin-Ramirez 's attorney Jeremy Ibrahim denies the broader conspiracy claim . "  It 's clear that she is not implicated in the larger conspiracy involving Colleen LaRose , a conspiracy involving a plot to kill , " he said . Paulin-Ramirez was arrested in Ireland after LaRose . If convicted , she faces up to 15 years in prison and a possible $ 250,000 fine at sentencing . Five other co-conspirators were allegedly involved , but have not been named by the government .	NEW : Jamie Paulin-Ramirez pleads guilty to a terrorism charge Prosecutors say woman aided Colleen LaRose , a woman who called herself "  Jihad Jane " Paulin-Ramirez was arrested in Ireland after LaRose If convicted , she faces up to 15 years in prison and a possible $ 250,000 fine
CNN  -- Bayern Munich sacked coach Louis van Gaal Sunday after poor results threatened their participation in next season 's Champions League . The Dutchman was due to step down at the end of the season , but the board of the Bavarian giants held an emergency meeting after their disappointing 1-1 draw against Nuremberg Saturday and took the decision to replace him immediately . A statement on the club 's official website said the decision had been taken in the "  interests of the club as a whole . " It added that the draw meant Bayern had slipped back into fourth place in the Bundesliga "  increasing the danger of the club failing to hit its minimum target for the season , the chance of qualifying for the UEFA Champions League . " Van Gaal , 59 , was informed of his sacking on return from Nuremberg . His assistants Frans Hoek , Jos van Dijk and Max Reckers have also been relieved of their duties . Andries Jonker has been placed in temporary charge until the end of the season . Van Gaal took Bayern to the domestic double last season and they lost in the final of the Champions League to Inter Milan . But their form in the German league this season has been poor , trailing runaway leaders Borussia Dortmund , while defeat to Inter in their Champions League last 16 clash last month ended their hopes of silverware . Currently in fourth , Bayern need to finish in the top two to gain automatic entry into the Champions League next season , with third place going into the final qualifying round . Bayern chairman Karl-Heinz Rummenigge told AFP that they had been considering the decision to sack van Gaal for weeks . "  It is true we have taken a short-term decision but there has been dissatisfaction -- I have to make this clear -- for weeks , " he said . "  At the end of the day , it is the responsibility of the club to do everything we can to get third place . "  In terms of the decision , we simply did n't have an alternative . " Bayer Leverkusen 's coach Jupp Heynckes has already been announced as Bayern 's head coach for next season . His current side cut Borussia Dortmund 's lead at the top of the Bundesliga to just five points Sunday as they came from behind to seal a 2-1 home win over relegation battlers St Pauli . Dortmund were held to a 1-1 draw at Hamburg Saturday , but second-placed Leverkusen fell behind until Germany striker Stefan Kiessling equalized before Lars Bender scored the crucial winner .	Bayern Munich sack coach Louis van Gaal with immediate effect Poor recent results have left them outside Champions League places Van Gaal was due to carry on until the end of the season NEW : Bayer Leverkusen beat St. Pauli 2-1 to cut Dortmund 's lead to five points
NEW YORK  CNN  -- Toward the end of her marriage , Rabia Iqbal said she feared for her life . Robina Niaz said the Quran "  condemns " abuse of women . "  If we witness injustice , we 're required to speak up . " Iqbal was born in New York to parents who had immigrated to the United States from the tribal areas of Pakistan . She had a strict Muslim upbringing and when she was 16 , her parents arranged her marriage to a 38-year-old man . She claims her husband turned violent during their 10 years of marriage . When she finally left him , she did not know where to turn . Going home was n't an option , she said . "  My parents ... made clear that they would disown me , " Iqbal said . "  My father even said ... ` You 're lucky you live in America because if you lived back home , you would have been dead by now . ' " She was hiding out in her office at work when a friend put her in touch with Robina Niaz , whose organization , Turning Point for Women and Families , helps female Muslim abuse victims . "  It was such a relief ... to speak about things that ... I thought no one would understand , " said Iqbal , who has received counseling from Niaz for more than two years and calls Niaz her "  savior . " "  Robina understood the cultural nuances ... the religious issues , " Iqbal said . Watch Iqbal tell her story " A devout Muslim , Niaz stresses that there is no evidence that domestic violence is more common among Muslim families . "  Abuse happens everywhere , " said Niaz . "  It cuts across barriers of race , religion , culture . " But , she said , Muslims are often reluctant to confront the issue . "  There 's a lot of denial , " she said . "  It makes it much harder for the victims of abuse to speak out . " When Niaz launched her organization in 2004 , it was the first resource of its kind in New York City . Today , her one-woman campaign has expanded into a multifaceted endeavor that is raising awareness about family violence and providing direct services to women in need . Niaz said she firmly believes that domestic violence goes against Islamic teachings , and considers it her religious duty to try to stop abuse from happening . "  Quran condemns abusive behavior of women , " she said , noting that the prophet Mohammed was never known to have abused women . "  Allah says , ` Stand up against injustice and bear witness , even if it 's against your own kin . So if I see injustice being done to women and children , I have to speak up . It 's my duty . " Niaz 's mission began after a difficult period in her own life . Born and raised in Pakistan , she had earned a master 's degree in psychology and had a successful career in international affairs and marketing when she moved to the United States to marry in 1990 . "  It was a disastrous marriage , " she said . As Niaz struggled to navigate the American legal system during her divorce , she said she appreciated how lucky she was to speak English and have an education . She realized that many immigrant women without those advantages might be more likely to stay in marriages because they did n't know how to make the system work for them . "  If this is how difficult it is for me , then what must other immigrant women go through ? " she remembered thinking . After volunteering with South Asian victims of domestic violence , Niaz , who speaks five languages , got a job using those skills to advocate for immigrant women affected by family violence . But Niaz 's focus changed on September 11 , 2001 . "  I was no longer a Pakistani-American ... I looked at myself as a Muslim . " Niaz said the backlash many Muslims experienced after the terror attacks made abuse victims more afraid to seek help ; they feared being shunned for bringing negative attention to their community . Watch Niaz explain the effects of 9/11 on abused Muslim women " "  Women who were caught in abusive marriages were trapped even more , " recalled Niaz . In 2004 , Niaz used her savings to start Turning Point for Women and Families . Today , her work focuses on three main areas : providing direct services to abused women , raising awareness through outreach , and educating young women -- an effort she hopes will empower future generations to speak out against abuse . Crisis intervention services are a critical element of Niaz 's efforts . Through weekly counseling sessions , she and her team provide emotional support to the women while helping them with practical issues , such as finding homeless shelters , matrimonial lawyers , filing police reports or assisting with immigration issues . Niaz has helped more than 200 Muslim women . While most of Turning Point 's clients are immigrants , the group helps women from every background . While Niaz has support from many people in New York 's Muslim community , she acknowledges that not everyone appreciates her efforts . She keeps her office address confidential and takes precautions to ensure her safety . "  There have been threats ... but that comes with this work , " she said . "  I know that God is protecting me because I 'm doing the right thing . " Want to get involved ? Check out Turning Point for Women and Families and see how to help .	Robina Niaz 's organization helps female Muslim domestic violence victims Turning Point for Women and Families was first resource of its kind in New York City Niaz : Domestic violence goes against Islamic teachings , but "  denial " is a problem The Top 10 CNN Heroes will be announced on October 1
CNN  -- Two days before US Airways Flight 1549 crashed into the Hudson River , passengers on the same route and same aircraft say they heard a series of loud bangs and the flight crew told them they could have to make an emergency landing , CNN has learned . Crews successfully hoist the wreckage of US Airways Flight 1549 out of the water on Saturday . Steve Jeffrey of Charlotte , North Carolina , told CNN he was flying in first class Tuesday when , about 20 minutes into the flight , "  it sounded like the wing was just snapping off . " "  The red lights started going on . A little pandemonium was going on , " Jeffrey recalled . He said the incident occurred over Newark , New Jersey , soon after the plane -- also flying as Flight 1549 -- had taken off from LaGuardia Airport in New York . "  It seemed so loud , like luggage was hitting the side but times a thousand . It startled everyone on the plane , " Jeffrey said . "  We started looking at each other . The stewardesses started running around . They made an announcement that ` everyone heard the noise , we 're going to turn around and head back to LaGuardia and check out what happened . ' "  I fly about 50 to 60 times per year , and I 've never heard a noise so loud , " he said . "  It was n't turbulence , it was n't luggage bouncing around . It was just completely like the engine was thrown against the side of the plane . It just -- it did n't shake the plane but it shook you out of the seat when you 're drifting off , it really woke you up . And when it happened again , everyone just started looking at each other and there was a quiet murmuring around the plane , and you could feel the tension rising just in looking . "  I remember turning to my -LSB- business -RSB- partner and saying , ' I hope you got everything in order back home , life insurance and everything , because that did n't sound good . ' " Jeffrey said he sent a text message to his wife about a "  scary , scary noise on the plane . Does n't sound right . They 're flying back to LaGuardia to check it out . I 'll call you when we land . I love you . " He added , "  About 10 minutes later when we never made the turn , we kept going , that 's when the pilot came on and explained -- I wish I could remember the words -- I remember him using air , compression and lock -- I 'm not sure the right order , but he made it sound like the air did n't get to the engine and it stalled the engine out , which he said does n't happen all the time but it 's not abnormal . " Expert Aviation Consulting , an Indianapolis , Indiana , private consulting firm that includes commercial airline pilots on its staff , said the plane that landed in the Hudson was the same one as Flight 1549 from LaGuardia two days earlier . See images from the rescue in last week 's crash " "  EAC confirms that US Airways ship number N106US flew on January 13 , 2009 , and January 15 , 2009 , with the same flight number of AWE 1549 from New York 's LaGuardia Airport to Charlotte Douglas -LSB- International -RSB- Airport in North Carolina , " Expert Aviation said in a statement to CNN . The company said it checked with contacts in the aviation industry to confirm that it was the same plane . The National Transportation Safety Board released the tail number of the downed Airbus A-320 , which is N106US . NTSB spokesman Peter Knudson said as part of its investigation into the Hudson River crash , it will be looking at all maintenance activities , but has no indications of any anomalies or any malfunctions in the aircraft , so far in the investigation . Following CNN 's inquiry , he confirmed that the Airbus 320 's maintenance records show "  there was an entry in the aircraft 's maintenance log that indicates a compressor stall occurred on Jan. 13 . " The Federal Aviation Administration referred CNN to US Airways . US Airways would not confirm that the Flight 1549 that took off January 13 was the same plane that splashed into the Hudson two days later . Valerie Wunder , a US Airways spokeswoman , said : "  US Air is working with the National Transportation Safety Board in this investigation . " She would not comment on any other details , including Tuesday 's flight , though she did confirm US Airways is looking into it . Jeffrey told CNN that US Airways earlier Monday confirmed to him that the Tuesday incident occurred aboard the plane that crashed . John Hodock , another passenger on the Tuesday flight , said in an e-mail to CNN : "  About 20 minutes after take-off , the plane had a series of compressor stalls on the right engine . There were several very loud bangs and fire coming out of the engine . The pilot at first told us that we were going to make an emergency landing , but after about five minutes , continued the flight to Charlotte . " In an interview , Hodock said the pilot "  got on the intercom and said they were going to have to make an emergency landing at the nearest airport . But then , only five to 10 minutes later , the pilot came back on and said it was a stalled compressor and they were going to continue to Charlotte . " A third passenger , who did not want her named used , also said she heard a "  loud banging sound " on the right side of the plane . She said she heard the pilot say the "  compressor for the engine was stalled " and they needed "  to turn around and go back . " However , she said , the problem was fixed and the flight continued without incident . Pilots and aviation officials said that a compressor stall results from insufficient air getting into the engine and that multiple stalls could result in engine damage . However , the officials said , a momentary compressor stall may be less serious and could be corrected in flight by simply restarting the engine . A bird strike could lead to a compressor stall , the officials said .	Three say US Airways Flight 1549 nearly made emergency landing earlier last week Two days before last week 's crash-landing , passengers report loud bang on flight One passenger says he sent a text message to his wife : "  I love you "
CNN  -- MME special edition : Delving into the Emirate of Dubai This week MME talks exclusively to H.H Sheikh Mohammed Bin Rashid Al Maktoum , Ruler of Dubai and Prime Minister of the UAE . From the region 's largest airport , the largest airline and the largest trade port , in the past two decades , Dubai has created a name for itself in finance , tourism and logistics . But the past six months have included a whole different set of challenges . It has restructured 23 and a half billion dollars of Dubai World 's debt and is now dealing with the debt of other companies . In an exclusive interview during his annual visit to Royal Ascot , MME sat down with the Ruler of Dubai and Prime Minister of the UAE , Sheikh Mohammed Bin Rashid Al Maktoum and asked him how the Emirate carved out its niche and the lessons learned from the financial crisis . Watch the show this week at the times  GMT  below : Friday : 0915 , 1745 Saturday : 0445 Sunday : 0615,1745	An exclusive interview with the Ruler of Dubai and Prime Minister of the UAE H.H Sheikh Mohammed Bin Rashid Al Maktoum on the financial crisis Also , Dubai 's ruler explains how the Emirate created its own niche markets
CNN  -- Continental Airlines has matched Delta Air Lines ' recent checked-luggage fee increase , a Continental spokeswoman says . Delta and Continental passengers paying online for checked bags will be charged $ 23 for the first bag and $ 32 for the second . Delta 's online fees are rising by $ 8 for the first checked bag and $ 7 for the second . Continental 's fees are rising by $ 5 for each bag . The new Delta rates start Tuesday and apply to tickets purchased on or after January 5 . Passengers who bought tickets before that date will pay the old rates , Delta spokeswoman Susan Elliott said . Continental matched Delta 's updated fees late last week , spokeswoman Mary Clark said . The increase on Continental applies to passengers who purchased tickets on or after January 9 for travel on or after January 16 . Those checking in bags at the airport will shell out even more : $ 25 for the first bag , $ 35 for the second on both airlines . Some passengers -- such as first-class fliers , some frequent fliers and military personnel on deployment -- are exempt from most checked-luggage fees . Delta and Continental luggage fees now are among the highest in the industry . US Airways also charges $ 25 for the first checked bag and $ 35 for the second bag when checked in at the airport . Online , the airline charges $ 20 and $ 30 for the first and second bags . United Airlines charges $ 20 for the first checked bag and $ 30 for the second bag at the airport , and $ 15 and $ 25 online for the first and second bags , respectively . American Airlines charges $ 20 for the first checked bag and $ 30 for the second bag , both online and at the airport . Most major air carriers started adding checked-bag fees in 2008 . The airlines reported collecting nearly $ 740 million in baggage fees in the third quarter of 2009 , according to U.S. Bureau of Transportation Statistics . On discount carrier Southwest Airlines , the first and second checked bags are free . JetBlue offers a free first checked bag and charges $ 30 for the second .	Online charges for checked bags will be $ 23 for the first bag , $ 32 for the second Checking in bags at airport will be even more : $ 25 for first bag , $ 35 for second New Delta rates start Tuesday ; Continental rates are for travel on or after January 16
His family is devastated . The woman he planned to marry , haunted by the "  what ifs . " And many are wondering why Thomas Eric Duncan died when several other Ebola patients treated in the United States survived . Duncan was hospitalized eight days after he arrived from Liberia , and later tested positive for Ebola . He died Wednesday , but not much is known about his medical history . Here are seven ways his case differs from other patients in the U.S. : 1 . Duncan was n't hospitalized right away Unlike the American patients , who were quickly tested and quarantined at the first sign of Ebola , Duncan was n't . Duncan arrived in Dallas from Liberia on September 20 , and he made his initial visit to Texas Health Presbyterian Hospital on September 25 . He was treated for a fever , vomiting and abdominal pain -- all symptoms of Ebola . But he was sent home with antibiotics and was not screened for the virus . Relatives say he told hospital staff he 'd come from Liberia . Three days later , he was hospitalized in worse condition and was quickly isolated . He became the first case of the deadly virus diagnosed on American soil . "  What if they had taken him right away ? And what if they had been able to get treatment to him earlier ? " said pastor George Mason of Wilshire Baptist Church in Dallas . 2 . He did n't get an experimental drug immediately Duncan received experimental medicine on October 4 -- six days after admission to the hospital . It was a far longer wait than four other Ebola patients treated in the United States . Those patients -- two each at Atlanta 's Emory University Hospital and the University of Nebraska Medical Center -- got experimental medicine immediately . They 're all U.S. citizens ; Duncan was a Liberian . His family is claiming bias , arguing it took too long for him to receive the medicine . "  It is suspicious to us that all the white patients survived and this one black patient passed away ... He did n't begin his treatment in Africa . He began treatment here , but he was n't given a chance , " said Josephus Weeks , his nephew . Not so , the hospital says . "  The investigative drug was administered as soon as his physicians determined that his condition warranted it , and as soon as it could be obtained , " Texas Health Presbyterian said Thursday . Since the drugs are still experimental , individual hospitals have to file the paperwork with the Food and Drug Administration for permission to use them . The agency received the request to use the experimental drug brincidofovir on October 3 , five days after Duncan entered the hospital . 3 . He got a different experimental drug Duncan got brincidofovir . And he was the first Ebola patient to receive it , the hospital said . Two of four patients who survived after treatment in the U.S. received a different drug , ZMapp . Experts say there 's no proof that ZMapp or any drug is effective in treating Ebola . A Spanish priest infected with Ebola died after taking it in August . The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said Duncan did n't get ZMapp because its stocks were depleted . A third American patient received TKM-Ebola -- another experimental drug approved by the FDA recently for wider use . The fourth one , NBC cameraman Ashoka Mukpo , who got infected in Liberia and was airlifted to Nebraska on Sunday , got the same drug as Duncan . Ebola drugs are in the works 4 . He did n't get a blood transfusion from an Ebola survivor Unlike other American patients , Duncan did n't get a blood transfusion from someone who 'd survived the virus . That 's because doctors could n't find a match , the hospital said Thursday . "  Mr. Duncan did not receive the same type of serum transfusion as the patient in Nebraska  Mukpo  because his blood type was not compatible with the serum donors , " the hospital said . Mukpo received a transfusion from Dr. Kent Brantly , who survived the virus . 5 . The hospital treating him had no advance notice The Atlanta and Nebraska facilities knew in advance they were expecting Ebola patients , a crucial element for a disease so rare in the United States . Hospitals that took care of the four are also among the most well-equipped nationwide to battle the deadly virus . Despite lack of notification , Texas Health Presbyterian Hospital said Duncan got top-notch care and his medical team consulted daily with the CDC and Emory . 6 . Information on his case has been muddled Details on Duncan 's background have not been as clear-cut . His relatives said he made it clear to the hospital that he had just come from Liberia . His symptoms pointed at Ebola , they said . Initially , the hospital said Duncan was "  not exhibiting symptoms specific to Ebola " when he first went to the hospital . And , they said , details about his travel history were n't communicated to doctors . But later , it said a flaw in electronic records had kept doctors from seeing his travel history . Then it said his travel history had been documented and was available to his care team . 7 . Family believes his insurance status played a role Duncan had just arrived from Liberia to visit his girlfriend and son , and probably had no insurance . The Rev. Jesse Jackson , who 's serving as a spokesman for the family , said that was a concern . "  I would tend to think that those who do not have insurance , those who do not have Medicaid , do not have the same priorities as those who do , " the civil rights leader said . But the hospital denied the claim . "  Our care team provided Mr. Duncan with the same high level of attention and care that would be given any patient , regardless of nationality or ability to pay for care , " the hospital said . "  In this case that included a four-hour evaluation and numerous tests . We have a long history of treating a multicultural community in this area . " Complete coverage on Ebola	Hospital says he did n't get a blood transfusion because he was n't a match Thomas Eric Duncan 's nephew : "  He was n't given a chance " He was n't hospitalized right away He was n't immediately given an experimental drug
A flesh-eating drug that turns people into zombie-like creatures seems to have made its way to the United States . This extremely addictive injectable opioid is called krokodil  pronounced like crocodile  or desomorphine . It 's so named in part because users report black or green scaly skin as a side effect . This weekend five people were hospitalized in the Chicago suburb of Joliet , Illinois , with symptoms similar to cases reported recently by health care providers in Arizona and Oklahoma . Dr. Abhin Singla said he suspects a woman he treated this weekend was suffering from krokodil addiction . Singla is an internist and addiction specialist at Joliet 's Presence St. Joseph Medical Center . The patient lost significant portions of her legs , he said . "  It 's a zombie drug -- it literally kills you from the inside out , " Singla said . "  If you want way to die , this is a way to die . " Opinion : Drug prohibition is a global folly Krokodil causes serious damage to the veins and soft tissue infections , rapidly followed by gangrene and necrosis , according to a 2013 study  PDF  . The soft tissue damage happens around the injection site . The drug also seems to clump in the veins as it fails to dissolve completely in the blood . The clumps make their way to distant places in the body and start to damage tissue , said Dr. Robert Geller , medical director of the Georgia Poison Center . Geller said he hopes the drug "  does n't show its ugly face " in Georgia but said doctors across the country are aware of the drug . So far there are no officially confirmed American cases of krokodil abuse . To have official confirmation , the Drug Enforcement Administration would need to have a sample of the drug that caused the problem . A DEA fact sheet about the drug released this month said the National Forensic Laboratory Information System , the DEA database that collects scientifically verified data on drug items and cases , identified two exhibits submitted to these labs as desomorphine in 2004 but none since then . "  It 's not clear how widely used it is in the U.S. , " Geller said . FDA fights drug overdoses with new labels for prescription CNN affiliate KOCO-TV in Oklahoma City spoke with a woman who said her best friend from Duncan , Oklahoma , died after using krokodil last year . "  The doctors say it ate him from the inside out , " Chelle Fancher told the TV station . "  It was n't until the next day that they told us that it was krokodil . " But Mark Woodward , a spokesman for the Oklahoma Bureau of Narcotics , said krokodil was ruled out in the Duncan case through an autopsy . "  We watched the reports carefully to see if it was here , " he said . "  It was just a drug overdose , and nothing in the system consistent with krokodil . " There have been many confirmed cases of krokodil abuse in Russia and Ukraine . An estimated 100,000 in Russia and around 20,000 people in Ukraine are estimated to have injected the drug in 2011 , according to a study that ran in the International Journal of Drug Policy this year . Experts theorize the drug first spread across Russia and Ukraine when heroin became less available . Krokodil is cheaper than heroin and can be easily cooked up in someone 's home much like meth . People making krokodil combine the painkiller codeine with easily available chemicals . They can use iodine ; strong alkalies such as Mr. Muscle , a kitchen and bathroom cleaner ; hydrochloric acid ; red phosphorous from matches ; and/or organic solvents such as gasoline or paint thinner , according to the study . Mortality rates are high among users , according to the study . Regular marijuana use on the rise In Russia , users frequently are young people with relatively short drug histories , the study found . Medical help is often only sought after users are in the late stages of their addiction and end up with severe mutilations , rotting gums , bone infections , decayed structure of the jaw and facial bones , sores and ulcers on the forehead and skull as well as rotting ears , noses and lips and liver and kidney problems . "  This may be an inexpensive high compared to other drugs , according to its reputation ,  but it  is more likely to cause withdrawal symptoms and be a real problem for users , " Geller said . "  My advice is to would-be users , ` Do n't . ' This is a risky way to try and get high . " The short half-life of the drug means a user 's attention is narrowed to the "  process of acquiring and preparing and administering the drug , leaving little time for matters other than avoiding withdrawal and chasing  the  high , " according to one medical study , hence its reputation for creating "  zombies . " Binges on the drug reportedly last over several days . During the binge , a user can show irrational behavior and experience sleep deprivation and exhaustion , memory loss and speech problems . According to the Joliet hospital , the five people brought in who may have used krokodil said they thought they were buying heroin . "  I think it 's the tip of the iceberg ; I think it 's going to get a lot worse before it gets better , " said Singla , the addiction specialist . "  I think if it stays on the market long enough , you 're going to have people who are desperate addicts that ca n't support their heroin habit but can utilize this drug , not really caring about the consequences , and get the same high for a third of the price . " There 's something  potentially dangerous  about molly	Krokodil is an extremely addictive injectable opioid Users report losing limbs and flesh after abusing the so-called "  flesh-eating " drug No confirmed cases , but ones are suspected in Arizona , Oklahoma and Illinois
CNN  -- New court documents released Friday in the Colorado movie theater shooting reveal that suspect James Holmes "  had conversations with a classmate about wanting to kill people " months before the July 20 massacre . The new details about evidence gathered in the case against Holmes were made public in a court document filed by prosecutors over a defense move to keep some of the suspect 's educational records from the University of Colorado private . "  The defendant had conversations with a classmate about wanting to kill people in March 2012 , and that he would do so when his life was over , " the document says . No other details are provided about those conversations . Holmes , 24 , is accused of opening fire at an Aurora theater last month during a midnight premiere of the latest Batman movie , "  The Dark Knight Rises , " leaving 12 dead and injuring 58 others . He has been charged with murder and attempted murder and faces two weapons charges . The new document also reveals more details about the timeline of events leading up to the theater shooting , beginning with Holmes failing his graduate school oral boards a month before the shooting . Holmes was a Ph.D. candidate studying neuroscience at the University of Colorado 's Anschutz campus in Aurora . Soon after , he was "  denied access to the school after June 12 , 2012 , after he made threats to a professor . " Prosecutors said Thursday that the threats were reported to campus police . Subsequently , Holmes "  started the process to voluntarily withdraw from his graduate studies program . " "  After he was denied access to the CU-Denver Anschutz campus , he began a detailed and complex plan to obtain firearms , ammunition , a tear-gas grenade , body armor , a gas-mask and a ballistic helmet , which were used in the commission of the murders and the attempted murders , " the document says . A shackled Holmes , his hair still dyed red , appeared at a Thursday court hearing in the ongoing fight between defense attorneys and prosecutors over access to his educational records . The main issue is whether the prosecution should receive non-medical documents from the university . These would include admissions forms , grades and transcripts . Prosecutors argue that Holmes ' records "  are relevant to the investigation . " The judge did not issue an immediate ruling . The University of Colorado said this month that it hired a former U.S. attorney to conduct an independent review into how the school handled Holmes . A court document revealed that Holmes was a patient of CU psychiatrist Lynne Fenton before the killings . She was so concerned about his behavior that she mentioned it to her colleagues , saying he could be a danger to others , CNN affiliate KMGH reported this month , citing sources with knowledge of the investigation . Fenton 's concerns surfaced in early June , sources told the Denver station . They told KMGH that Fenton contacted several members of a "  behavioral evaluation and threat assessment " team to say Holmes could be a danger to others , the station reported . The "  BETA " team consists of key staff members from various university departments who have specific expertise in dealing with assessing potential threats on campus , the school says on its website . "  Fenton made initial phone calls about engaging the BETA team " in "  the first 10 days " of June , but it "  never came together " because in the period Fenton was having conversations with team members , Holmes began the process of dropping out of school , a source told KMGH .	New court documents reveal conversations about wanting to kill Holmes is accused of killing 12 and injuring 58 others Prosecutors say Holmes also made threats to a professor
San Francisco  CNN  -- Apple on Wednesday announced the latest version of the iPhone . The iPhone 5 looks similar to previous models but has a larger screen and is lighter and thinner than the iPhone 4S . The company says the larger screen will make it easier to check and send e-mails and to view Web pages with the phone in your hand . The phone also comes with a new , faster processor called the Apple A6 , which connects to mobile carriers with a 4G LTE connection , making for speedier Internet browsing . "  It just screams , " said Apple marketing chief Phil Schiller , in introducing the device . The iPhone 5 starts at $ 200 with a two-year mobile contract and will be available on September 21 in the United States . Pre-orders for the device begin on Friday . The iPhone 5 is 18 % thinner and 20 % lighter than the current version , the iPhone 4S . It has a 4-inch screen , measured diagonally , compared to a 3.5-inch screen on previous versions of the phone . It is the same width as the iPhone 4S , but taller , and the iPhone 5 is made entirely of glass and aluminum . Those features are likely to be popular with consumers . Another , however , may cause some backlash . The new iPhone comes with a different-sized charging cord , meaning speakers and radios designed to work with the old iPhone cord wo n't function seamlessly with the new iPhone . The company did create an adapter , however , so that the old devices are n't useless . Apple calls this new cord "  lightning , " and says it is 80 % smaller than the previous iPhone cord . During a press conference in San Francisco , Apple also announced an update to its mobile operating system , iOS 6 , which accommodates the larger iPhone 5 screen . The new operating system adds another row of icons to the phone 's home screen , includes a new , 3-D version of digital maps and has a feature called Passbook , which lets people pull up airline tickets or payment apps from the locked home screen . Apple also unveiled a new line of iPods , including an iPod nano with a 2.5-inch touchscreen . That device , which starts at $ 150 , is able to pause live radio . And Apple updated its headphones , now called Earpods , with better audio quality and a new look . Read our live blog from the event here . For many tech fans , the fall Apple press event is the highlight of a season filled with gadget announcements and releases . Last week , Amazon unveiled its latest Kindle Fire tablets , and Nokia and Motorola announced new smartphones . HTC has an announcement scheduled for later in the month . The companies are rushing to get their products out in time for the holiday season , where they will battle it out for consumer dollars in an increasingly crowded mobile-device market . This is Apple 's sixth iPhone model . Steve Jobs unveiled the first iPhone six years ago on a stage just one block away in the Moscone Center . Since then , the iPhone has taken off , selling about 244 million units around the world . According to research firm IDC , the iPhone and its iOS operating system make up 16.9 % of the worldwide smartphone market , coming in behind all phones running the Android operating system , which account for 68.1 % of the world 's smartphones . The winning streak has carried over to Apple 's stock price , which hit an all-time high of $ 683.29 a share last Friday . Some people were n't impressed with the new device , however . "  Apple does n't innovate anymore , " one commenter wrote on CNN 's live blog from the event . "  They got where they are today by taking bold risks , but they are afraid to change anything that would affect their No. 1 product . Who could blame them ? "	Apple unveiled a new iPhone Wednesday at an event in San Francisco The iPhone 5 is taller , thinner and lighter than the previous version
Tunis , Tunisia  CNN  -- As clashes spread Tuesday , a Tunisian workers union called on President Zine el Abidine Ben Ali to order an independent inquiry into the deaths of demonstrators protesting high unemployment and poor living conditions in Tunisia . Union sources said the death toll had exceeded 50 since mid-December , but Minister of Information Samir Abidi said approximately 21 people were killed during two days of rioting in two Tunisian cities near its border with Algeria . He challenged Arab and international news media who were reporting higher tolls to provide a list of the dead . The unrest occurred in the cities of Thala and Kasserine , said Abidi . All of the dead were demonstrators ; more than 30 police were injured , he said . State-run television and the information ministry reported that violent clashes between police and demonstrators occurred Tuesday in a suburb of Tunis . The union Tuesday demanded the release of demonstrators and said it will call a general strike in several southern cities in response to what it calls police brutality . It also condemned acts of vandalism . Amnesty International said Tuesday -- without citing a source -- that "  scores " have been killed in the protests and at least 23 people died in protests over the weekend . The organization also said that "  scores have reportedly been detained in the protests , with authorities carrying out mass arrests and night raids . " Amnesty called for an investigation into the deaths and for those responsible to be punished . The demonstrations included demands for the government to improve social services . Tunisia 's government called the protesters violent troublemakers . Tunisia has been ruled for 23 years by Zine el Abidine Ben Ali , an ally of Western powers and a target of activist and human rights groups that accuse him of running a corrupt police state that has infringed on citizens ' rights . Reporters Without Borders said Tuesday that a number of journalists and bloggers have been arrested for reporting on the events . But Ben Ali said Monday that "  certain parties ... have sought to involve our students and unemployed youth ... by spreading erroneous slogans of despair and concocting false news . " In his second speech since the riots erupted , he said Monday on national radio and television that he was ordering the creation of as many as 300,000 jobs and called for greater freedoms for members of the news media . "  These violent , sometimes bloody events , which caused deaths among civilians and injuries among security officers , were perpetrated by hooded gangs that attacked , at night , public institutions and even citizens in their houses , " he said . "  This is an intolerable act of terrorism . " He said he would lower taxes on employers who generate new jobs . Tunisia 's 14 % unemployment rate does not reflect the true problems faced by the nation , said Abidi , the information minister . The government pays for college educations , but only about a third of the 80,000 students who graduate each year from the nation 's universities are able to find work , he said . As a result , he said , unemployment among college graduates hovers around 25 % . The wave of demonstrations was sparked by the suicide of an unemployed college graduate in December . Mohamed Bouazizi , 26 , set himself on fire in front of a government building in the town of Sidi Bouzid after police confiscated his fruit cart , saying he was selling without a permit , according to Amnesty International . In an interview with Al-Arabiya carried out Tuesday in Dubai , U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said she regretted that Tunisia on Monday summoned the U.S. ambassador to Tunisia to express its discontent over U.S. criticism . "  What the ambassador and what the State Department back in Washington did was just express concern that this is a protest that has , unfortunately , provoked such a reaction from the government , leading to the deaths of mostly young people who were protesting . " CNN 's Richard Roth and Elise Labott contributed to this report .	Clashes break out in suburb of capital Workers union calls for investigation into deaths of Tunisian protesters Amnesty International says the death toll from unrest is at least 23 Demonstrators are demanding the government improve social services
CNN  -- Screams of outrage . Crowds marching down streets , blocking intersections and interstates . Fists raised in silence . As the Ferguson grand jury 's decision was announced Monday night , protesters around the country -- who had begun to gather hours earlier -- responded in solidarity . In New York , a roving crowd wound its way through the city , surging to more than 1,000 in Times Square before heading toward the Upper West Side , CNN 's Miguel Marquez tweeted . Earlier in the evening , about 200 people flocked to Union Square , brandishing signs that read , "  Jail killer cops , " and a large display , in lights : "  Black lives matter . " Protesters knocked down barricades and headed toward the West Village before turning north , accompanied by police . Emotions boiled over in Philadelphia , too . ' A thousand Fergusons across America ' "  Shouts of "  f -- the police " at word of no indictment , " a Philadelphia Inquirer reporter tweeted . "  A man with the mic : ` we do n't need to get mad . ' Others : ` yes we do ! ' " In Oakland , California , shop owners posted signs in their windows , "  We support Michael Brown , " as marchers took to the streets . A crowd filled the intersection at 14th and Broadway , and some demonstrators laid their bodies down in chalk outlines , reports on social media showed . Later they merged onto Interstate 580 , shutting down traffic . Similar scenes of a "  die-in " were staged in downtown Seattle . "  Same story every time , being black is not a crime , " protesters shouted , according to a report from CNN affiliate KIRO . In Washington , D.C. , a large crowd assembled outside the White House , with some protesters lying down on Pennsylvania Avenue . In Los Angeles , a city still scarred by the riots of 1992 , silent protesters staged a similar demonstration at the intersection of La Brea and Wilshire . A group also assembled in front of the Colorado Capitol in Denver calling for nonviolence , according to CNN affliate KMGH . The Chicago Tribune reported that some 200 protesters gathered outside the city 's police headquarters , chanting "  We are Mike Brown ! " and "  I am Mike Brown ! " They also carried signs , the paper reported , bearing phrases like "  Wo n't stop 'til we get justice , " "  Killer pigs must pay , " and "  Stop the racist killer cops . " Later they marched through downtown before stopping at the State of Illinois Center , where they chanted into bullhorns . Chicago police scrambled to keep up . Protests around the country appeared to be largely peaceful , compared to the scenes unfolding in Ferguson . There , demonstrators set police vehicles ablaze and officers fired canisters into the crowds . In Atlanta , birthplace of the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. , the streets appeared largely quiet . But at Morehouse College , where about 200 students gathered to hear the grand jury 's decision , a collective gasp rippled through the crowd . What 's next for the Michael Brown family ? Some of the students at the historically black men 's school looked at one another in disbelief , others started to tear up , and a few stared ahead as their jaws dropped . Police sirens wailed in the distance as the students chanted : "  Ferguson 's hell is America 's hell . " Kevin Harvey , a senior dressed in a blue blazer , button-down shirt and penny loafers , walked away from the demonstration with his head down . He said he was angry and bewildered by a storyline that 's become all too familiar . "  I 'm afraid to raise my son in this country , " he said . "  When I do have a family , I 'm afraid to raise him in this country and that 's a terrible thought . Because I know that he is not valued . " Complete coverage of what 's happening in Ferguson When asked his reaction to the verdict , Harvey tried to sort through his emotions . "  Confusion , anger , and generally just being upset , " he said . "  I 'm scared and frustrated . " Long before the grand jury decision was shared , announcing that Officer Darren Wilson would not be indicted for the murder of 18-year-old Michael Brown , the nation held its collective breath . As the sun set back East , people rose up -- hours before the decision was announced after 9 p.m. EST. . More than 120 vigils and gatherings , both immediate and for Tuesday , were organized in cities large and small . From Toledo , Ohio , and Bangor , Maine , to Los Angeles , Philadelphia and Detroit , details have been shared on the Ferguson National Response Network . Read what Darren Wilson told the grand jury CNN 's Miguel Marquez and Bill Kirkos contributed to this report .	Nation responds to grand jury decision in Ferguson Protests , vigils planned in at least 120 cities , large and small Emotions boil over as crowds march in New York City , shout in Philadelphia
KABUL , Afghanistan  CNN  -- Welcome to democracy , Afghan-style . An Afghan woman in a burqa veil holds up a photograph of President Hamid Karzai . An incumbent president and 38 challengers , including two women , are vying for the votes of 17 million registered Afghans against a backdrop of war , graft , poverty and illiteracy . More than 3,000 donkeys , 3,000 cars and three helicopters will traverse harsh terrain to carry voting materials to remote polling stations . And 30 observer groups , domestic and international , will be on hand to help guard against fraud . This Thursday , Afghanistan holds its second-ever popular election , the results of which will put into office a new president and 420 provincial council winners . Preliminary results are scheduled September 3 , with final results expected two weeks later . At the heart of every vote will be the two biggest impediments to progress for one of the poorest nations in the world : stifling corruption and an increasingly bloody Taliban resurgence . The number of Afghan civilians killed increased 24 percent in the first six months of this year compared with the same period last year , according to the United Nations . NATO and U.S. forces have suffered record losses this summer , with 75 troops killed in the month of July alone . Amid the violence , the candidates continued their last-minute campaigning , with the hope that the elections can showcase Afghanistan 's fledgling democracy . "  We hope that this election will go ahead in accordance with the constitution of this country and the rightful freedoms of our people , in the best manner possible , so that the Afghan nation can determine its future , " said historian Omar Khan Massoudi , director of the National Museum in Kabul . Watch young Afghans talk about their hopes " International donors are helping pay for the $ 223 million undertaking , and hundreds of U.S. Marines and Afghan soldiers have moved into southern Afghanistan to protect voters against possible Taliban attacks . The top U.S. envoy to the region , Richard Holbrooke , expressed optimism that Thursday 's vote would be Afghanistan 's moment to shine . It 's tough to organize elections during a war , he said , but the reality is that violence during elections is common place in many parts of the world . "  Afghanistan has never had a contested election , " Holbrooke said . "  So this is a remarkable experiment in democracy and something that Afghanistan needs to give legitimacy to the new government . " That legitimacy has become a key issue in the campaign . Frontrunner President Hamid Karzai 's chief challengers -- former finance minister Ashraf Ghani and former foreign minister Abdullah Abdullah -- have both lashed out at the incumbent for failing to rein in corruption . In its annual global corruption perception index in 2008 , Transparency International ranked Afghanistan 176 out of 180 countries and said graft was "  a major factor impeding the country 's stability and future growth . " Ghani told CNN the most significant challenge Afghanistan 's next president faces is earning back the trust of the people . "  This government has lost it , " he said in a recent interview . "  There is no sense of trust , not only in the current leadership , but in the political class as such . And in the capacity of the state or the international community to improve the lot of our people . " Ghani characterized Karzai as a "  very poor manager " who failed to deal with pressing issues and create any sense of momentum for the nation moving forward . As a guest on CNN 's Fareed Zakaria GPS earlier this month , Ghani said Afghanistan 's corruption had become a cancer that was "  eating through the society . " Babrak Babarkhale , a former journalist and Mujahadeen fighter in the war to end Soviet occupation in the 1980s , said he planned to vote for Abdullah because he was fed up with corruption . "  We want to support Dr. Abdullah Abdullah to be our future president , to take all Afghans out of this corruption , away from this weak government , " he said . Abdullah argued that people 's dissatisfaction with the Karzai government has helped strengthen the insurgency . "  There is no doubt there is a hardcore element in it , " he told CNN . "  But there are thousands of people under the same brand , Taliban , -LSB- who -RSB- have joined the insurgency because of other reasons . " The insurgents are filling a vacuum left by Afghanistan 's Western-backed government , which foreign diplomats and military commanders concede now suffers from nepotism , corruption and predatory practices . During a political debate Sunday , Karzai admitted that corruption was a problem but offered no specific cures . He also has been blamed for what has become the bloodiest summer since the fall of the Taliban regime in 2001 . Abdullah said last week that Karzai 's government had failed to capitalize on the opportunities presented by international aid and troops . The government , Abdullah said , had failed to "  stabilize Afghanistan to the extent that eight years down the road , we would have been able to say less troops rather than more . " Most polls , however , show Karzai with a commanding lead . Latifa , a Kabul housewife , said she was pleased with Karzai 's stewardship and would vote for him . "  Like raising a child for seven years , in seven years he has helped our Kabul , our Afghanistan , stand on its own two feet , " she said . "  We did n't know an election before , we had n't seen a parliament . " But can a nation as troubled as Afghanistan carry out fair and free elections ? Some observers of Afghanistan and human rights activists have voiced their doubts . Kai Eide , the United Nations special representative in Afghanistan , said Thursday 's election will be the most difficult he has encountered in his life . Besides the violence and corruption , weak infrastructure and a high illiteracy rate will add to election woes , he said . A new Gallup Poll found that fewer than one in four voting-age Afghans are confident the election will be fair and transparent . Voting in Afghanistan , Eide said , is not yet the kind of democratic expression understood in the West . "  If you look at the well-established democracies in the West , for instance , that 's not possible under these circumstances , " he said . "  But ... my objective is that we have credible , inclusive elections where the result will be accepted by the people . That is our level of ambition , and I think we will achieve that . " Eide said a significant number of polling stations in strife-torn Helmand , Kandahar , Ghazni and Wardak provinces will not be able to open due to security reasons . He said ballots ought to be counted at the polling center itself instead of transporting them elsewhere and increasing the possibility of fraud , encountered in the last election in 2004 . Eide said 3,000 donkeys were "  mobilized " to carry ballots to remote mountainous regions . Of the 4.6 million new registered voters , 39 percent are women . So thousands of women had to be employed to search burqa-clad female voters . Human Rights Watch , however , said Tuesday that the recruitment drive for women began too late , and as a result , not enough women will be available for security checks . "  Women voters have been badly let down by their government and its international backers , " said Brad Adams , the organization 's Asia director . Women 's votes are key in Afghanistan , where the Taliban stripped women of equal rights and education . Human Rights Watch also said Tuesday that election-related violence was a serious impediment . Between April 25 and August 1 , the rights group documented at least 13 political killings and at least 10 abductions of electoral commission officials , candidates and campaign workers . It said provincial council candidates had withdrawn after receiving death threats . The overall security situation is "  considerably worse than during the last elections , " Human Rights Watch concluded . But despite the violence , despite the threats from the Taliban to disrupt the voting , enthusiasm filled the air Monday as the presidential candidates wrapped up their campaigns . A campaign rally resembled more a rock concert than a political event in Afghanistan , as Kabul stadium transformed into a sea of blue , Abdullah 's campaign color . Supporters hoisted banners and sported T-shirts emblazoned with Abdullah 's face . "  I believe there is a dire need for a change of course in Afghanistan , irrespective of who becomes the president , " said Rauf Roashan of the Institute for Afghan Studies , a scholarly center founded by Afghans living abroad . Not yet old enough to vote , Ferishta , 15 , a beauty school student , echoed Roashan 's sentiments . If she could , she 'd cast a ballot for Ghani . "  We want a president who is peaceful and caring , " she said . "  We do n't want any more bombs . In these bombs , so many Afghans have died , one person 's son , one person 's child . " No one can say with any certainty whether abounding energy will translate into high turnout . Not in a war-ravaged nation . As though to serve reminder of the high stakes , Kabul came under attack again on Tuesday -- just two days before the polls open . CNN 's Ivan Watson , Kevin Flower and Moni Basu contributed to this report .	More than 17 million Afghans are registered to vote Elections are scheduled amid increasing violence A key issue for voters is government corruption Some observers concerned elections will be neither fair nor free
Hong Kong  CNN  -- Chinese police have detained an ethnic Tibetan monk and his nephew , accusing them of "  goading " eight people into setting themselves on fire . Lorang Konchok , a 40-year-old monk at Kirti monastery in southwestern Sichuan , had incited self immolations "  on the instructions of the Dalai Lama and his followers , " state news agency Xinhua reported on Sunday . Xinhua said a police investigation and a confession from the monk showed he had recruited eight people since 2009 . Three of the protesters died , the report added . Campaigners say that more than 90 ethnic Tibetans -- men and women -- have set themselves on fire since 2009 in a series of dramatic protests against Beijing 's treatment of Tibetans . Because of Chinese restrictions on reporting in Tibetan regions , these acts have been difficult to confirm . The self-immolations have increased in frequency during recent months , with 28 setting themselves alight in November alone . Xinhua did not detail what evidence police had of the involvement of the Tibetan spiritual leader . The Tibetan government-in-exile in India was not immediately available to comment . The monk used his position at the monastery to encourage others to self-immolate , saying the act was not against Buddhist doctrines and those who did it were heroes , the report said . Konchok recruited his 31-year-old nephew , Lorang Tsering , to help and the pair collected personal information and took pictures of those who agreed to go ahead with the self immolations , it added . The monk also promised to "  spread their deeds abroad so they and their families would be acknowledged and honored , " Xinhua cited a police statement as saying . Last week , Maria Otero , the U.S. special co-ordinator for Tibetan issues , said in a statement that tough Chinese policies in Tibetan areas had exacerbated tensions , including the immolations . "  Chinese authorities have responded to these tragic incidents with measures that tighten already strict controls on freedoms of religion , expression , assembly and association of Tibetans , " she said . The statement provoked a harsh reaction from Beijing . The arrests also follow the release of a legal document last week that appears to stipulate that anyone caught helping someone self-immolate should be held liable for intentional homicide . "  Organizing , plotting , inciting , coercing , enticing , abetting , or assisting others to carry out self-immolations is , at its essence , a serious criminal act that intentionally deprives another of his or her life , " the Gannan Daily newspaper said in a commentary on December 3 , according to a translation by the Dui Hua foundation . Beijing says Tibet has been a part of China since the 13th century and regards the Dalai Lama as a terrorist . The Dalai Lama , who fled to India in 1959 after a failed uprising , has long denied China 's assertion that he 's seeking Tibetan independence . He says he wants only an autonomy that would offer protection for their traditional Buddhist culture .	Chinese police detain ethnic Tibetan monk and his nephew Accuses pair of goading people into setting themselves on fire Police say they acted on the instructions of Dalai Lama and his followers Self-immolations over Chinese treatment of Tibetans increasing in frequency
CNN  -- Grammy-winning singer Angelique Kidjo joined human rights activists to demand courts martial for troops who publicly gang raped women in the streets of the West African country of Guinea last month . It 's part of a strong message against rape that Kidjo , a UNICEF goodwill ambassador , and activist Leymah Gbowee are spreading to the women of Africa , the governments of Africa and the rest of the world . "  I refuse any man to stand here and justify rape to me , because every girl , every woman that is raped is their mother , their grandmother that they are raping , their sister and their daughter , " Beninese singer Kidjo told CNN 's Christiane Amanpour on Friday . "  And we can not sit back -- I ca n't just accept it , and I 'm never going to accept it in my life 's breath . " Governments , international and regional groups "  have failed the women of this world , " said Gbowee , founder and executive director of Women Peace and Security Network Africa . "  They 've come up with all of these exotic resolutions , but they lack accountability mechanism , and they 're almost like toothless bulldogs , " she said . " ... You have what happened in Guinea-Conakry few days ago . No one is compelling that military government to court martial all of those who raped women publicly in the streets . " Guinean soldiers cracked down on pro-democracy protesters a month ago , leaving more than 150 people dead . The United States , the European Union , and the African Union have all imposed sanctions against Guinea 's military junta . On Friday , U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon announced the three members who would comprise the international commission to investigate the alleged crackdown and rapes . Separately , in The Hague the International Criminal Court , which tries people accused of genocide , crimes against humanity and war crimes , has said it would look into the deaths and rapes and determine whether they fall under its jurisdiction . The Guinean government under Capt. Moussa Dadis Camara , who seized power in a bloodless coup in December , said last month that most of the people who died were crushed in the rally . Gbowee , a Liberian , was the focus of the documentary "  Pray the Devil Back to Hell , " which shows how women confronted then-Liberian President Charles Taylor with a demand for peace to end a bloody 14-year civil war . Led by Gbowee , Liberian women locked arms and refused to let Taylor 's representatives out of negotiations in Ghana until they had reached a peace agreement . Ultimately , Taylor resigned from office after a U.N. tribunal charged him with war crimes . He went into hiding for a time but is now on trial . The efforts of the Liberian women ultimately led to the election of Ellen Johnson-Sirleaf as Africa 's first female head of state . "  I think definitely this can be repeated , " Gbowee said of Johnson-Sirleaf 's election . "  And one of the things that I 'm grateful -LSB- to -RSB- the documentary for is that it emboldens women in every part . " ... This documentary is like a landmark or something that tells other women , ` People did it before we came , we 've done it , and they can also do it , ' " she said . "  So it 's not a fluke . It can happen . People just need to rise up and rise above the politics that so deeply divide us as women . " Women have power but must learn to use it , said Kidjo , who provided music for the documentary . "  The thing is , we women of Africa , we have the power , " she said . "  We women of the world , we have the power , but we do n't know the power we have . " " ... I 've been thinking about Israel and Palestine for so many years , " she said . "  Who 's paying the highest price for this ? The mothers , crying for their sons dying . " Kidjo said she believed that a strong coalition of women could be a deciding factor . "  We say to both sides , ` Enough is enough . We are tired of war , as you said . We are tired of our children not being safe . Without peace , our children ca n't go to school , we ca n't have health care . ' " she said . "  I mean , we women , we have the power . We 've got to be absolutely in power . " And that begins with communities , Gbowee said . "  What we need to do and what we 've done -- what we did in Liberia was going back into the communities and really just reassuring these women that it 's OK to step out with that power , " she said .	Gbowee : International groups , governments "  have failed the women of this world " Gbowee led Liberian women to confront then-President Taylor to reach peace deal Kidjo : Women have real power but must learn to use it U.N. secretary-general announces members of Guinea probe commission
The Clintons left the White House more than a dozen years ago "  dead broke " and in debt , according to Hillary Clinton , who defended the hefty speaking fees she commands since stepping down as secretary of state last year . In a wide-ranging interview with ABC 's Diane Sawyer that aired on Monday , the former secretary of state also said that the deadly 2012 terror attack on the U.S. diplomatic compound in Benghazi , Libya , would give her "  more of a reason to run " for president again than a rationale for not doing so . The interview comes just as Clinton 's new book , "  Hard Choices , " about her years as Barack Obama 's first secretary of state hits bookstores on Tuesday . It 's the latest look at her storied career in the global spotlight as first lady , U.S. senator , presidential candidate and top diplomat . She made headlines in a clip of the interview that aired on "  Good Morning America " in which she defended her hefty speaking fees , noting that she knew what it was like to experience tough financial circumstances in the winter of 2001 . She said her family "  came out of the White House not only dead broke but in debt , " adding later that her family had "  no money " at that time and "  struggled to piece together the resources " for mortgages and her daughter Chelsea 's college education . "  You know , it was not easy , " she said . The Clintons departed the White House in debt due to enormous legal fees . By the end of 2000 , their debt totaled somewhere between $ 2.28 million to $ 10.6 million . But former presidents and first ladies have the ability to make a lot of money , and the Clintons were no exception and have done so . Their assets grew quickly . Bill Clinton made more than $ 9.2 million in speaking fees in 2001 and more than $ 9.5 million in 2002 . They paid off their legal fees by 2004 . A CNN analysis of the family 's financial records in early 2013 showed that Bill Clinton had earned $ 106 million from paid speeches since leaving the presidency behind . In 2012 alone , he earned $ 17 million in fees . Although she regularly speaks for free at certain events , Mother Jones reported earlier this year that Clinton made roughly $ 5 million on the speaking circuit since stepping down as America 's top diplomat . Clinton did not dispute the figure when Sawyer asked about it . Though not as profitable as her husband - who has made as much as $ 750,000 in one speech - Hillary Clinton reportedly commands $ 200,000 per speech . The two also have received hefty advances for their books . Hillary Clinton said the former first family eventually turned around their finances , noting that her husband has "  worked really hard and it has been amazing to me . " She noted that they had to pay off debts , get their houses arranged and "  take care of family members . " Clinton has become a staple on the paid speaking circuit . She has appeared before an array of audiences , including trade associations , business groups and college students . Asked if she thought Americans could understand making "  five times the median income in this country for one speech , " Clinton said she "  thought making speeches for money was a much better thing than getting connected with any one group or company as so many people who leave public life do . " American Rising , the pro-Republican opposition research shop that along with the Republican National Committee , takes the lead in criticizing Clinton , was quick to ping her over her comments to ABC , saying they "  reveal someone who is extremely out of touch with financial reality facing Americans . " On its website , America Rising said the two homes the Clintons purchased after leaving the White House in Chappaqua , New York , and Washington cost around $ 4.5 million combined . On Benghazi , Republicans contend that the attack that killed Ambassador Christopher Stevens and four Americans illustrates Obama administration foreign policy failures . Democrats say ongoing Republican-led scrutiny is political and designed to undercut any potential Clinton candidacy . "  I view this as really apart from - even a diversion from - the hard work that the Congress should be doing about the problems facing our country and the world , " Clinton said , noting that the United States should be "  in the majors " on world affairs . Clinton has taken responsibility for the attack in the past and she did so again in the clip released by ABC . But in this interview , Clinton defended herself by saying she "  was not making security decisions " for the Benghazi compound . "  Well , I certainly would give anything on earth if this had not happened , " Clinton said . "  And I certainly would wish that we had made some of the changes that came to our attention to make as a result of the investigation . But I also am clear in my own mind that we had a system and that system , of course , ended with me . "	The former secretary of state reportedly has made $ 5 million in speaking fees since leaving government The issue came up in an interview with ABC Mrs. Clinton has become a staple on the paid speaking circuit as has former President Bill Clinton Hillary Clinton says Benghazi would be more , not less , of a reason to run in 2016
LONDON , England  CNN  -- A group of Heath Ledger fans have taken their reverence for the late "  The Dark Knight " star to a whole new level . Heath Ledger fans launched a petition calling for studios to remove the Joker from future Batman movies . Followers of the actor , who electrified audiences with his chilling reinvention of the Joker in the second Batman blockbuster , are calling for the character to be retired from the movies permanently . Ledger supporters at new Web site , The Ultimate Joker , launched a petition last week calling for studios to remove the Joker from any future Batman movies . The petition currently has 2,431 supporters . "  We think Heath deserves this honor , " the site 's team leader , Fer Barbella , told CNN from Buenos Aires , Argentina . "  He is the ultimate Joker . "  We are Batman fans from the comics and from the movies , " he said , "  After we saw ` The Dark Knight , ' we thought this Joker was really the best . It deserves to be withdrawn from any Batman sequels . "  When Michael Jordan retired , they withdrew the number 23 jersey as an honor . It 's the same thing with Heath . " Barbella said he thinks any new performance just wo n't be able to top Ledger 's . "  He upgraded the character in a thrilling way , " he said . "  Although a lot of actors would love the chance to play the Joker , as Batman fans and now Heath Ledger fans , we think no one could ever perform it as well as he did . " The Web site is the brainchild of Barbella , 34 ; Nico Pimentel , 33 ; and Natalia Rodoni , 33 , all advertising creatives in Buenos Aires . The trio say that if they collect enough names , they may go to the studio to present their petition . "  As soon as we start seeing that we have more than 50,000 names on our Web site , perhaps we will go to the Warner Brothers gate and do a bit of activism , " Pimentel said . The huge buzz around Ledger 's performance as the Joker last year stemmed from his update of the iconic character played by camp comedian Cesar Romero and as a hateful clown by Jack Nicholson . Ledger 's Joker was a very different proposition from those that had come before : In a ripped , stained suit , with clown makeup smeared across a scarred , twisted mouth , his Joker was a nihilistic , sociopathic prankster . "  Why so serious ? " he sneered in a performance that received rave reviews from critics globally . Do you agree that Heath Ledger 's Joker should be the last one ever ? The actor was found dead after overdosing on prescription drugs at his apartment in New York on January 22 , 2008 , shortly after concluding work on "  The Dark Knight . " Ledger has been nominated for an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor for his portrayal of the Joker , having been awarded a Golden Globe for Best Supporting Actor and a BAFTA for Best Supporting Actor . Barbella says that the Web site and petition are their award : "  The Academy gives an Oscar , " he said . "  This is a new award from the people . A user-generated award . "	Heath Ledger fans are calling for The Joker to be removed from future Batman films They launched a petition at new Web site , The Ultimate Joker , last week Ledger 's Joker in Christopher Nolan 's "  The Dark Knight " received rave reviews Ledger who died in 2008 has been nominated for an Oscar for the role
CNN Student News  -- November 5 , 2013 CNN Student News marks Election Day 2013 with a look at some races and referenda on different state ballots , and we take an early look at the next U.S. presidential election . We also report on statements made by and against Edward Snowden , and we discuss the rarity of last weekend 's hybrid solar eclipse . Plus , we examine accusations of player misconduct among some members of an NFL team . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , Maps pertaining to today 's show , and a place for you to leave feedback . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . DAILY CURRICULUM Click here for a printable version of the Daily Curriculum  PDF  . Media Literacy Question of the Day : Why might the media be discussing the 2016 presidential election at this point in time ? Key Concepts : Identify or explain these subjects you heard about in today 's show : 1 . referendum 2 . Edward Snowden 3 . solar eclipse Fast Facts : How well were you listening to today 's program ? 1 . What were some of the electoral events described in today 's program ? 2 . Who is Edward Snowden ? Why did he leave the United States ? 3 . If a solar flare occurs on the sun , about how long would it take to be seen through a telescope on Earth ? Discussion Questions : 1 . What qualifications do you look for in a presidential nominee ? Do you think that the current poll numbers for likely nominees will change significantly between now and the first presidential primary ? Why or why not ? 2 . What do you think about Edward Snowden 's actions ? Why do you think that some people see him as a whistleblower , while others see his actions as a threat to national security ? 3 . How would you characterize alleged misconduct by some members of the Miami Dolphins ? Do you think that other teams and levels of the sport  i.e. college , high school  have similar issues ? If so , are they out of bounds or just part of the game ? Explain . CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists and educators who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show and curriculum . We hope you use our free daily materials along with the program , and we welcome your feedback on them . MAPS Download PDF maps related to today 's show : North America New Jersey ; Virginia ; Colorado FEEDBACK We 're looking for your feedback about CNN Student News . Please use this page to leave us comments about today 's program , including what you think about our stories and our resources . Also , feel free to tell us how you use them in your classroom . The educators on our staff will monitor this page and may respond to your comments as well . Thank you for using CNN Student News ! Click here to submit your Roll Call request .	This page includes the show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , and Maps Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary The Daily Curriculum offers the Media Literacy Question of the Day , Key Concepts , Fast Facts and Discussion Questions At the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculum
The mother of a 19-year-old accused of killing two people and himself at a Maryland mall told reporters that her son was a "  gentle , sweet kid . " In the conversation , recorded Sunday by a reporter for radio station WNEW , the woman says Darion Aguilar never had a gun before and was a gentle teenager . "  If you were to go into his room you would see what a gentle , sweet kid he was , " she says . She says she can not understand what happened and that she does n't think her 19-year-old son knew the victims . She adds that she feels for the parents of 21-year-old Brianna Benlolo and 25-year-old Tyler Johnson , who were shot dead with a shotgun on Saturday morning at the busy Columbia mall . ABC also reported the mother 's comments . The woman 's revelations come as police look into a journal written by Aguilar . The diary contains typical teenage writings about acne and rejection by girls , but nothing to indicate he was depressed , a family friend said Monday . Family friend Ellis Cropper , who is serving as a spokesman for Aguilar 's mother , told CNN on Monday that police reviewed the journal after the mother called police to file a missing person report . Cropper said Aguilar 's mother , with whom he was close , does n't think he was dating anyone . Police have said only that Aguilar 's journal expressed "  general unhappiness with his life . " According to police , Aguilar took a taxi to The Mall in Columbia on Saturday morning and then fired as many as nine shots from a Mossberg 500 shotgun into a skateboard apparel shop , killing Benlolo and Johnson before fatally shooting himself . On Saturday , a federal official briefed on the shooting told CNN that preliminary information suggested the gunman aimed only at the two victims , perhaps indicating it was an isolated situation and not a wider shooting spree . Police have offered no motive for the shooting . "  I know there 's a lot of interest in the motive for this , and I have as much interest in that as anybody , " Howard County Police Chief Bill McMahon said Sunday . Aguilar was an avid skateboarder , Cropper said . As of now that 's the only known link between him and the skate shop . Prelude to the shooting According to Cropper , here 's what Aguilar 's mother says happened before the shooting on Saturday : Aguilar was scheduled to report to work for a 5:30 a.m. shift at Dunkin' Donuts , a job he had held since about September . His mother offered to give him a ride to work , but he said he would get there on his own . Several hours later , she went to check on him , and the store manager said Aguilar had never showed up , according to Cropper . The mother then called police to file a missing person report . When officers arrived at her home , she used a cell phone locating service to trace her son 's phone . It showed he was at the mall . According to Cropper , police -- who were aware of the mall shooting -- then asked if Aguilar kept a journal . Police later returned to the home and seized the journal , along with other potential evidence including computers and documents , according to McMahon , the police chief . McMahon said Aguilar purchased the 12-gauge Mossberg shotgun in December and also had two homemade bombs in his backpack . The victims Benlolo was an assistant manager at Zumiez . She had worked there since November 2012 , according to her Facebook page . Her friend Evelyn McDonald said Benlolo , the mother of a small boy , was "  just full of energy . " "  She was so nice and just an amazing artist and just an amazing person inside and out , " McDonald told CNN . "  She loved her son . She loved being a mother , " McDonald said . Johnson had worked at the store for about three months , according to his Facebook page . Five people went to the hospital for treatment after the shooting . All were treated and released . Four suffered injuries in the chaos after the shooting . The other injured victim suffered a gunshot wound to the foot . Police said the woman was n't in Zumiez ; rather , she was on the first floor when she was hit . The mall reopened Monday afternoon , but the Zumiez store will be closed indefinitely , according to a sign on the boarded up storefront . Memorial sites will be set up outside the mall and in the food court , officials said . It started out as a routine day in busy mall Man with ` crude ' explosives , ammo kills 2 at mall , then self Gun shop owner recalls conversations with Aguilar The co-owner of the United Gun Shop in Rockville confirmed Aguilar purchased a shotgun on December 10 for about $ 430 in cash . Cory Brown , the co-owner , said Aguilar walked in with a friend and after spending about 30 minutes in the store , he was approved to purchase the Mossberg 500 . Brown said Aguilar seemed to know what he wanted . "  He came in and asked for something he can use for home defense . A platform he can start with and grow into . He asked a lot of good questions , " Brown said . Aguilar showed him a learners permit to drive and a change of address card . He filled out the ATF form and was approved within minutes . Aguilar also purchased two boxes of ammo for a total of 32 shotgun shells , which each contained about 50 small pellets inside . Brown said Aguilar came back just before Christmas with the same friend and purchased another box of shotgun shells . He said he wanted to practice more with it , telling the gun shop owner , "  there 's more kick than I thought . " He purchased another box of shotgun shells for $ 16 . University shootings earlier last week The shooting was the latest instance of gun violence or threats in ordinary places across the country . A student was shot dead Friday afternoon at South Carolina State University , prompting a manhunt for several suspects that extended beyond the school 's Orangeburg campus . On Wednesday , the University of Oklahoma in Norman briefly shut down after a report of a possible shooting that apparently turned out to be a false alarm , the university 's president said . On Tuesday , a gunman shot and killed another student inside Purdue University 's electrical engineering building . Police said Cody Cousins , 23 , an engineering student , killed Andrew Boldt , 21 , of West Bend , Wisconsin . Cousins was charged with murder . Last Monday , a student was shot and critically injured near a gym at Widener University near Philadelphia . Police were looking for a suspect . The simple thing your mall can do to protect you	Teen 's mother tells reporters she does n't think Darion Aguilar knew his victims Gunman 's journal covers typical teen topics like acne and rejection by girls , friend says Mall reopens Monday afternoon ; store where shooting occurred remains closed Darion Aguilar legally bought the 12-gauge shotgun in December , police say
In an effort to purge its national police force of corruption , the Honduran Congress voted to empower its military to carry out most police duties for at least 18 months . Tuesday night 's vote gives the military a broad mandate over day-to-day crime fighting in the country , and gives the armed forces additional powers against organized crime in the country . "  We can not have an armed forces only for foreign threats when there are so many deaths in the country because of violence , " Juan Orlando Hernandez , president of the Congress , said before the vote . "  We are making this decision to support the Honduran people . " Honduras has the world 's highest murder rate , with 82.1 murders per 100,000 inhabitants in 2010 , according to the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime . According to a recent report by the country 's own human rights commission , that rate could increase to 86 per 100,000 this year . The military 's expanded powers would be in effect for at least 18 months , during which a purging process of the police will take place . The decree gives the military the power to make arrests , searches , and execute warrants in police matters . But the military is not displacing the police , armed forces spokesman Col. Alcides Flores told CNN . "  We are just augmenting the capacity of the police , " he said . "  At no time are we replacing the police . " The approval of the decree is a sign that the country has admitted that the police force alone does not have the resources to reduce crime , he said . But there is also a high level of distrust of the police among the public . Earlier this month , the country placed 176 officers under investigation for a range of alleged crimes , from corruption to murder . The Honduran military had already been involved in operations against Mexican drug cartels operating in the country , but the new rules will give them more powers . Before , the military could only go on operations together with police , and served simply as a force multiplier . They were not allowed to make arrests or collect evidence . Only the police had these powers , and they were the only agency that could send a case to prosecutors . As a result , there were cases in which the military had to let suspected drug traffickers or other criminals escape because there was not a police officer available to make an arrest , Flores said . "  The new decree authorizes the armed forces to make captures without a police presence , " Flores said . The military 's new policing powers draw comparisons to Mexico 's criticized military offensive against the drug cartels , but Flores said that is n't the case . "  We are not following the Mexican model . We are making a Honduran model , " he said . In Mexico , the military has been accused of abuses and corruption in its policing duties , but Flores insisted that there will be much more supervision of the Honduran forces . The military will only flex its new muscle with the specific approval of the president at the request of the ministry of security , and the preference will be for joint operations with the police . The locations for domestic military operations and their size will depend on what the president authorizes , but Flores estimated the initial force will involve between 1,000 and 1,500 troops .	The Honduran Congress passed a decree giving the military more power There is distrust of police because of corruption But the military says it is not replacing police Honduras has the highest murder rate in the world
Washington  CNN  -- At the outset , this new coalition of the willing seemed like a coalition of the iffy . As Secretary of State John Kerry wrapped up his Middle East tour to rally Arab support for the fight against ISIS earlier this month , he returned with pledges from more than 40 Arab countries , but few concrete commitments . Now , five Arab states -- all Sunni-led -- have joined the U.S. in striking the militant Islamist group inside Syria in a show of force that is bolstering the coalition 's credibility . The U.S. confirmed that Saudi Arabia , Jordan , Bahrain , the United Arab Emirates and Qatar participated in the action but left it up to those states to divulge the details of their involvement . The coalition that struck Syria for the first time in this conflict was notably , and intentionally , devoid of Western partners to give the efforts an Arab face -- a departure from past American interventions in the region . And while several Gulf nations have supplied the Syrian opposition and Jordan has quietly hosted a CIA training program for Syrian rebels on its soil for at least a year , the strikes mark the most overt and significant involvement in the Syrian conflict . As President Barack Obama and U.S. officials have emphasized : every Arab nation has a stake in thwarting ISIS -- and it appears those countries are catching on to that realization , sending a strong message that ISIS is just as much a threat to Sunnis in the region as to Shiite-dominant Iraq and the Western world . "  The strength of this coalition makes it clear to the world that this is not America 's fight alone , " Obama said . "  Above all , the people and governments of the Middle East are rejecting ISIL and standing up for the peace and security that the people of the region and the world deserve . " The action finally gives credence to State Department officials ' claims over the last few weeks that the U.S. has accumulated concrete commitments from Arab nations to thwart the advance of ISIS . "  Last night 's strikes were only the beginning , " Pentagon spokesman Rear Adm. John Kirby said . And with U.S. officials predicting a long-term campaign to "  defeat , and ultimately degrade " ISIS , as Obama has put it , it is still unclear whether Arab nations are committed to a drawn-out effort . How Obama came to launch strikes in Syria The coalition The United Arab Emirates , which has been one of the United States ' strongest partners in the fight against ISIS , confirmed its participation in the "  international effort against the ISIL , " another acronym for ISIS . And in its statement , the UAE foreign ministry left the door open to further military strikes , noting that its air force "  launched its first strikes against ISIL . " Bahrain and Jordan also confirmed that their air forces struck terrorist targets inside Syria , with Jordan also saying it would strike again if fighting spills over into Jordan , as it has in recent months . Saudi Arabia 's official press agency confirmed the country 's role in "  military operations in Syria . " Qatar has yet to put out a statement on its role in the strikes , but a senior U.S. military official has told CNN 's Jim Sciutto that Qatar did not drop bombs in Syria . Even if acting only in a support role , its public involvement in the military campaign is a symbolic move that could have big implications . The Gulf nation has been increasingly ostracized by its Gulf neighbors over the last six months for its support of the Muslim Brotherhood and over accusations that it is playing both sides of the Syrian conflict . The U.S. has increasingly pressured Qatar to clamp down on Qataris who are reportedly financing ISIS . U.S.-led airstrikes in Syria : Who 's in , who 's not Turkey , Egypt decline aid for anti-ISIS effort Secretary of State John Kerry continued to emphasize as recently as Friday 's U.N. Security Council meeting that "  there is a role for nearly every country in the world to play " in the fight against ISIS . But some nations were notably off the list of countries involved in the military campaign against ISIS Monday night . Turkey , a NATO ally , and Egypt were both on the sidelines as the U.S.-led coalition pummeled targets inside Syria . While the two countries are part of the 40-member group of nations supporting the take-down of ISIS , the two countries have shied from making any actionable commitments . Until now , Turkey has pinned its restraint on a group of 49 Turkish hostages held by ISIS . And now that Turkey has managed to secure those hostages release , U.S. and NATO officials have raised concerns that Turkey may have bartered its involvement for the hostages ' freedom . Turkish Prime Minister Tayyip Erodgan told reporters in front of the United Nations on Tuesday that Turkey will do what it can to help the fight against ISIS and called the strikes "  positive . " Kerry and Obama have emphasized , though , that the fight against ISIS is not a purely military effort and the Obama administration has been seeking out commitments from Arab states to cut off ISIS 's financial pipeline and track the stem and flow of foreign fighters -- now numbered at about 10,000 -- now fighting for ISIS and other extremist groups inside Iraq and Syria . The U.S. has also sought out support from Muslim clerics in the region to denounce ISIS 's claim to the mantle of Islam in the region . Growing fear of extremism And increasing fears in the region have pushed Arab states to join the U.S. effort . ISIS 's rise is not an outlier in a region that has seen terrorist and extremist groups burgeon in the aftermath of the Arab spring -- from insurgents in Libya to terrorist groups staking their claim in Egypt 's Sinai . So as the U.S. has played up regional fears about the growth of ISIS , partner Arab nations are now calling on the U.S. to help address the swell of extremism in the region , Arab diplomats tell CNN . And further Arab involvement could be contingent on a broader U.S. commitment to stamping out extremist ideology threatening current governments throughout the Middle East . With up to 10,000 foreigners -- most of them coming from the Middle East and North Africa -- fighting with ISIS in Iraq and Syria , Arab rulers are starting to fear how the return of those extremist fighters could threaten their countries ' stability . Jordan , for example , which borders both Iraq and Syria , is already feeling the effects of a humanitarian crisis that has spilled onto its territory , where more than 600,000 Syrian refugees are testing the capacity of the Jordanian state . And Arab fears in the region have helped the U.S. drum up a global coalition that can defeat ISIS -- both its forces and its ideology . "  We can not destroy this group on our own , " Kerry said in a recent interview with CNN . "  Defeating this common enemy calls for a common cause , and we 're taking it on to succeed together . " Maps : Arab nations join U.S. , expand fight against terror to Syria CNN 's Jim Sciutto contributed to this report .	The coalition that struck ISIS in Syria was notably devoid of Western partners That was a departure from past American interventions in the region Obama : "  This is not America 's fight alone "
CNN  -- In case you have n't noticed , this election season is awash in money . By the end of July , Mitt Romney had widened his cash advantage over President Obama by $ 62 million . Romney has also been raising more money than Obama in the last three months . If Romney continues to outraise Obama , does it mean that he will win the presidential race ? Can money buy elections ? Palin not present at RNC but still a presence Historically , the candidate who raises the most money is likely to win . In recent presidential elections , the only victors whose campaign committees raised less than their opponent were Bill Clinton in 1996  raising $ 116.8 million to Sen. Bob Dole 's $ 134.7 million  and Ronald Reagan , who raised less than Jimmy Carter but nevertheless swept into Washington in a 1980 landslide . In both instances , the comparison of funds raised is limited to their primary campaigns as , unlike today , these candidates relied exclusively upon the presidential public financing system which provided funds in equal amounts to both major party candidates for their general election campaigns . Fortunately , for candidates in any given race , money alone provides no guarantee of victory . Candidates need exceptional campaign skills , a solid election team , charisma , name recognition and it helps to be an incumbent who usually has these attributes and whose viability often attracts more donations . Still , money is essential . For example , in the 2010 cycle  including both primaries and general elections  , only 9 winning House challengers spent under $ 1 million . Candidates need a lot of resources to conduct a meaningful campaign and , these days , that costs $ 1.4 million for an average House seat and up to hundreds of millions to take the White House . Over the last decade , we 've seen that in the vast majority of congressional races , those who raised the most money emerged victorious . In 2004 , Senate candidates who raised the most money won 88 % of the time and House candidates who raised the most money won an astonishing 97.8 % of the time . It is a testament to money 's influence that even in what was widely considered to be a "  wave election " in 2010 , when the political environment favored the GOP , candidates with the most money still held sway in most of the races . In 2012 , money is even more important because candidates are not just competing with their electoral opponent anymore , but also with the messages and money from highly professionalized super PACs and nonprofits with lots of campaign experience . These unfamiliar groups ' agendas may or may not be clear to candidates , or the voters they 're trying to influence . Outside spending is now the hallmark of America 's elections , particularly in tight races . Walmart moms not yet buying Romney or Obama Expect to see record spending this year , which will largely come from very few donors . While the presidential campaigns are raising less money overall than in 2008 , money spent by super PACs and secretive nonprofits , ostensibly independently , to influence elections is soaring . Groups across the political spectrum are making "  independent expenditures " and "  issue ads " that talk about candidates and issues without explicit "  vote for " messages . This is the evolutionary effects of two critical changes in the campaign finance world . One is the demise of the presidential public funding program and the other is the formal legal sanctioning of unlimited and unrestricted spending directed at candidates . Since 1976 , the presidential public financing system included matching funds for small contributions in primaries and equal grants for the two general election nominees . Beginning with George W. Bush rejecting public matching funds in the 2000 primary campaign  and the spending limits that went with them  , that system was diminished incrementally until 2008 when Obama 's rejection of general election funding spelled its final demise . The system was far from perfect , but it offered an equal base from which the two presidential candidates could conduct the eight or nine week sprint to the finish . And it would reduce the fundraising frenzy that now surrounds this presidential race . Witness how Paul Ryan began his tenure as Romney 's running mate with a stop at the Venetian Hotel to meet Sheldon Adelson , the billionaire casino magnate who has previously said he will spend up to $ 100 million to ensure President Obama 's defeat . Team Obama , meanwhile , is holding exclusive , coast-to-coast fundraisers in homes of the super-rich , giving face time  with the president , vice president , first lady and various other celebrities  to those who can bring $ 70,000 or so to the table . Similarly , a series of judicial and regulatory decisions in recent years has yielded a system in which unlimited funds from virtually any source can be brought directly into the campaign at any time , often with no indication of who is paying the bill . The maze of obscure organizations designed to coordinate these outside efforts and obfuscate their financial sources is just one more example of the cynical efforts of the political class to bend the rules and manipulate the process in hopes of gaining some small advantage on Election Day . It 's an attitude that is not lost on an already frustrated electorate that finds little in the political process worthy of respect . The result is an atmosphere where candidates and parties must raise upwards of $ 20 million or more each week or risk falling behind . The airwaves are saturated in an unprecedented effort to influence voters in the dozen states up for grabs this year . In the largest of these states  Ohio , Florida , Virginia  the campaigns , super PACs and other shadowy groups have spent an average of nearly $ 30 million each month since May , levels not seen until late fall in the closest of previous presidential races . We 've reached the point in the campaign where groups running issues ads that identify a candidate would normally have to disclose their donors . But in a cynical move , groups like the U.S. Chamber of Commerce and Crossroads GPS readily admit to employing evasive tactics which , ironically , require that they take a more aggressive position for or against the candidate , in exchange for which they may completely dodge disclosure of their donors . Meanwhile , we move toward fall pretending that our campaign finance system remains sound and will protect us when , in some key respects , the rules and disclosure that the Citizens United decision , and the entire system , depends on no longer exist . Partisan advantage appears to have replaced institutional dysfunction as the driving forces behind the eroding disclosure of those "  paying the piper " in this election . The question is whether and when enough people will engage their representatives and collectively demand more authentic dialogue and intellectually honest leadership from lawmakers in Washington . If there is to be any hope of change , this is step No. 1 . Otherwise , we should n't be surprised when , come 2013 , we start hearing a new tune , but ca n't see who 's calling it . Meanwhile , Romney , Obama , their parties and the outside groups that support them are all locked in an exhaustive race for funds . While Romney has done well compared to Obama in the last few months , the Obama campaign has raised far more overall this cycle . Both camps will have enough money to get their message out , but only one will win the election . In the end , money may not be the only reason , but if history is any indication , whichever candidate raises more of it will likely be our next president . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Sheila Krumholz .	Recently , Mitt Romney widened his cash advantage over President Obama by $ 62 million Sheila Krumholz : If Romney keeps raising more money , will he win the election ? She says historically , the candidate who raises the most money is likely to win Krumholz : But for candidates in any race , money alone is no guarantee of victory
CNN  -- The leader of the hacking group LulzSec has been charged in connection with an attack on a government website in early April , Australian police officials said Wednesday . In a news release posted on their website , the Australian Federal Police said the man was a 24-year-old Internet technology professional from Point Clare , a suburb on the New South Wales coast , about 75 kilometers  46 miles  north of Sydney . He is charged with two counts of unauthorized modification of data and one count of unauthorized access to  or modification of  restricted data . The man faces up to 10 years for the first two charges and up to two years on the third charge . Police did n't release the man 's name , but said he worked for a company that did work for government agencies . The release called him the "  self-proclaimed leader " of the hacking group . "  The AFP believes the man 's knowledge and skills presented a significant risk to the clients of the company for which he was employed had he continued his illegal online activities , " the release stated . On June 2 , 2011 , LulzSec burst onto the cybersecurity scene with a splashy exploit : It published a trove of data stolen from 1 million user accounts on Sony 's website . It followed the Sony hack with a string of high-profile feats , including crashing the CIA 's website . The man posted bail and is next due in court May 15 .	Man faces 12 years in prison for allegedly hacking government website Police say he worked for IT company that did business with government agencies LulzSec has claimed several major hacking attacks , including one against the CIA
EW.com  -- As the title character of Steven Spielberg 's solemnly transfixing "  Lincoln , " Daniel Day-Lewis is tall and elegantly stooped , with thatchy gray-black hair , sunken cheeks , and a grin that tugs at the corners of his mouth whenever he tries to win someone over by telling them a good story  which is often  . Day-Lewis looks so much like the photographs of Abraham Lincoln that you do n't have to squint , even a bit , to buy that it 's him . He nails Lincoln 's thousand-yard stare -- a gaze directed at once inward  at the whir of his own mental machinery  and outward  at the cosmic hum of history  . Day-Lewis ' performance has a beautiful gravitas , yet there 's nothing too severe about it . He gives Lincoln a surprisingly plainspoken , reedy high voice that retains the courtly cadences of the South . That voice -- from everything we know , it 's quite accurate -- makes Lincoln sound like Will Rogers as a professor of human nature . This Lincoln lives deep inside his own unruly-haired head , yet he loves the people around him , even the ignorant  and racist  common folk , who repay the favor by loving him back . And that 's where he draws his political force . Photos : ` Lincoln ' extras pose for portraits "  Lincoln , " which Spielberg has directed from a lyrical , ingeniously structured screenplay by Tony Kushner , is one of the most authentic biographical dramas I 've ever seen . But that does n't mean it 's a stiff-jointed history lesson . The movie is grand and immersive . It plugs us into the final months of Lincoln 's presidency with a purity that makes us feel transported as though by time machine .  Kushner is the husband of EW columnist Mark Harris . Most of the film unfolds in January 1865 , shortly after Lincoln 's reelection , when he knows that the North is going to win the Civil War . The real battle for him now is the fight against slavery . Three commissioners from the Confederacy head up to Washington City , and Lincoln is confident that he could have their surrender within a week . But before that can happen , he is driven to pass the 13th Amendment , which would outlaw slavery . The Democrats hate the amendment , and even Lincoln 's liberal Republican comrades want him to delay the vote . Only Lincoln grasps the stakes : that once the Civil War is over , the amendment wo n't pass -- it will be blocked by the Southern states . Winning the war could prove a Pyrrhic victory . Only by threading the amendment through the eye of a legislative needle can he alter the course of history . Lincoln features a great deal of incendiary speech-making on the floor of the House of Representatives , and Kushner 's script , which is based in part on the Doris Kearns Goodwin book Team of Rivals : The Political Genius of Abraham Lincoln , has a lot of fun weaving insults of astonishing brazenness into oratory that lays bare the issues in all their gripping moral complexity . Spielberg , denying himself visual fireworks , frames the action with a kind of stately tension . He thrillingly demythologizes Lincoln by placing us inside Lincoln 's experience -- shut up by himself  or with his querulous cabinet  in the drab meeting rooms of the White House , or in his bedroom with the ambitious , haunted Mary Todd Lincoln  Sally Field  , who still blames Abe for the death of their son Willie . Field 's performance is shattering -- in a few furious scenes , she redefines this First Lady as a woman whose supposed madness reflected a humane fervor as sterling as her husband 's . As the congressional fight rages on , "  Lincoln " orchestrates it all . He seduces , cajoles , begs , and tyrannizes . He offers patronage jobs -- bribes -- to the Democratic congressmen who support slavery . He courts but also tamps down the influence of Thaddeus Stevens  Tommy Lee Jones  , the abolitionist who 's so possessed by the cause that he might alienate any congressman on the fence . And through it all , Lincoln must delay the war 's end -- without breaking the people 's faith . The Lincoln we see here is that rare movie creature , a heroic thinker . He has the serpentine intellect of a master lawyer , infused with a poet 's passion . "  Lincoln " brilliantly dramatizes the delicacy of politics , along with the raw brutality of it . All that 's pushing the amendment forward is Abe Lincoln 's will , his ability to do anything -- even flirt with impeachable deceptions -- to fulfill his vision of justice . And that 's why he spends the movie alone in spirit . When he bangs his hand on the table , roaring at his lobbyists to procure him the votes he needs because he 's " clothed in immense power , " we 're seeing the birth of the presidency as we know it -- a force that can shape the consciousness of the world . Lincoln is a stirring paradox , a dream of history as it might truly have happened . See the original article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly  2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Day-Lewis ' performance has a beautiful gravitas , yet there 's nothing too severe about it He gives Lincoln a surprisingly plainspoken , reedy high voice that retains the courtly cadences of the South "  Lincoln " brilliantly dramatizes the delicacy of politics , along with the raw brutality of it
Beijing  CNN  -- Even as China is softening its one-child policy , one if its most renowned film directors is finding himself in trouble for violating the nation 's infamous family planning law . Zhang Yimou , an Oscar nominee , is in the eye of a controversy after admitting to having three children with his wife Chen Ting . He now faces stiff fine -- and harsh public criticisms -- for breaking China 's family planning rules . China 's stringent family planning rules limit most urban couples to one child and most rural couples to two , with few exceptions . Ironically for Zhang , his troubles come as China announced in November the decision to loosen the policy by allowing couples to have two children even if just one of them is an only child . Last weekend , the standing committee of the National People 's Congress , China 's legislature , formally adopted the new rules . Even so , the new rules apparently will not help extricate Zhang , known for movies such as "  Red Sorghum , " "  Raise the Red Lantern , " and "  Hero , " from his current troubles . He also directed the opening and closing ceremonies of the 2008 Beijing Olympics . Contrite , Zhang , 62 , apologized in an open letter for his "  excessive children . " "  As a film director , it takes a lot of efforts and good movies for people to remember you , but having excessive children had ruined it all , " he said , according to Xinhua , China 's state news agency . "  I sincerely apologize to everyone on my ` excessive children ' case . I admit it 's my mistake and I wo n't blame others for it . " "  I will learn my lessons , and I 'm willing to cooperate with any investigation from family planning commission , " Zhang said . Local officials decide the amount of the fine . In Jiangsu province , where Zhang 's case is under investigation , couples who have two "  beyond-the-quota " children may be fined five to eight times the annual income of the couples combined . If so , Zhang is potentially liable to pay a hefty fine . "  The case is still under investigation , " a staff at Wuxi 's Binhe Family Planning bureau told CNN . "  We will announce the result once we have all information ready . " Zhang 's breach of the policy has set off a firestorm , especially among netizens who resent how the rich and famous in China flout rules and policies . JinqiuT wrote on Sina Weibo , China 's Twitter-like microblogging service : "  Celebrities should abide laws and rules as common people . " But the filmmaker has defenders too . "  He will raise his children , which has nothing to do with other people , " wrote another . "  He does n't have to apologize . He did n't steal others ' children . He can afford to raise children and at least his children wo n't endure hardships . " Zhang is no stranger to controversy . As one of the most inventive and admired filmmakers in China , Zhang has won numerous awards in China and overseas . Long before his directorial debut of his film , "  Red Sorghum " in 1987 , he was already widely admired for his stunning camera work . One of his earlier films , "  Raise the Red Lantern " was nominated for a Oscar as the Best Foreign Film in 1992 , but it failed to pass the censors in China and was initially banned from local cinemas . Censors sensitive to Zhang 's subtle metaphors banned some of his films from local cinemas , if only briefly . Most of his films focused on the oppressiveness of conservatism . Opinion : China is not ending its human rights abuses Like most of his contemporaries who grew up during the Cultural Revolution , Zhang spent three years in the countryside undergoing "  ideological remolding . " He later worked as a janitor in a textile factory . In the late 1970s , he taught himself photography and enrolled in the prestigious Beijing Film Academy . CNN 's Feng Ke and Susan Wang contributed to this report .	Famous Chinese filmmaker Zhang Yimou apologizes for a breach of China 's one-child policy Zhang and his wife admitted to having two sons and a daughter Zhang : "  I sincerely apologize to everyone on my ` excessive children ' case " His case is under investigation and is potentially liable to pay a hefty fine
The Army will conduct "  a comprehensive , coordinated " review into the case of Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl -- the recently freed soldier whom some have deemed a hero , others a deserter -- the military branch 's civilian leader announced Tuesday . Secretary of the Army John McHugh began a statement on Bergdahl 's case by saying that "  we are grateful that an American soldier is back in American hands " and insisting "  our first priority is ensuring Sgt. Bergdahl 's health and beginning his reintegration process . " McHugh did n't address specific questions surrounding how the soldier ended up detained in Afghanistan or what he did while in that situation . But he did say that the military 's review "  will include speaking with Sgt. Bergdahl to better learn from him the circumstances regarding his disappearance and captivity . " "  All other decisions will be made thereafter , and in accordance with appropriate regulations , policies and practices , " McHugh said . Authorities have n't given any indication that such a decision is coming anytime soon . Speaking Tuesday in Warsaw , Poland , President Barack Obama said that Bergdahl had not then been interrogated by U.S. officials because he is still undergoing medical care . Nor had he met yet with his family , according to the President . Bergdahl -- who was released by his Taliban captors in exchange for five prisoners held by the United States at Guantanamo Bay , Cuba -- is at Landstuhl Regional Medical Center in Germany . The five prisoners headed to Qatar as part of the exchange . Bergdahl will remain at that U.S. Army medical center in Germany until he completes treatment , a U.S. defense official there told CNN . After that , Bergdahl will return to the United States and go to a San Antonio military base , the official said . In his statement Tuesday , McHugh suggested Bergdahl 's medical treatment will be a driving force in what happens next and when it does . "  There is no timeline for this , and we will take as long as medically necessary to aid his recovery , " McHugh said . Hillary Clinton wanted tougher deal for Bergdahl Hailed as hero , condemned as deserter The release of Bergdahl , the last American soldier held captive from the Iraq and Afghanistan conflicts , spurred celebration in many circles . But others challenged the move -- including some critical because he was let go in exchange for Guantanamo detainees , plus many of those who served with Bergdahl who characterized him as a deserter whose "  selfish act " ended up costing others ' lives . According to firsthand accounts from soldiers in his platoon , Bergdahl -- sometime before he was set to go on guard duty -- shed his weapons and walked off an observation post with nothing more than a compass , a knife , water , a digital camera and a diary . The team leader , Evan Buetow , recalled to CNN 's Jake Tapper that Bergdahl "  did not agree with the war effort in Afghanistan " and had said various things that , in retrospect , led him to believe the soldier had "  walked away . " "  It was a gut feeling I had , " Buetow said Tuesday . " ... When he comes up missing and all of his sensitive items are left behind , it just kind of hit us in the head . " At least six soldiers were killed in subsequent searches for Bergdahl , according to soldiers involved in operations to find him . The Pentagon was not able to provide details on specific operations in which any soldiers killed during that time were involved . Also , many soldiers in Bergdahl 's platoon said attacks seemed to increase against the United States in Paktika province in the days and weeks following his disappearance . Buetow conceded that he and others may never know if this violence was coincidental or if Bergdahl gave his captors information voluntarily or after being tortured . Yet he found it "  incredibly suspicious " that attacks after Bergdahl disappeared seemed to become "  far more directed . " As to those U.S. soldiers who died , Buetow said , "  Those soldiers would not be on those patrols , in those specific areas when they were killed , unless Bergdahl left . And that 's a fact to me . " All this said , the exact circumstances of his disappearance are very uncertain . Published accounts have varied widely , from claims that he walked off the post to claims that he was grabbed from a latrine . Noting everything that he left behind , an Army fact-finding investigation conducted in the months after his 2009 disappearance concluded that Bergdahl left his outpost deliberately and on his own free will , according to a U.S. military official briefed on the report . The official spoke to CNN Tuesday on the condition of anonymity due to the sensitive nature of the information . There was no definitive finding Bergdahl deserted because that would require knowing his intent -- something Army officials could n't do without talking to the soldier . The investigation included interviews with members of Bergdahl 's unit , none of whom reported seeing him go , the official said . In 2012 , Rolling Stone reported that Bergdahl 's unit had discipline and other issues during its time in Afghanistan . Addressing the matter Tuesday , Obama stressed that we "  we do n't leave men and women in uniform behind " and insisted prisoner swaps "  happen ... at the end of wars . " "  Whatever the circumstances may turn out to be , we still get an American soldier back if he is held in captivity . Period . Full stop , " Obama said . "  We do n't condition that . " Bergdahl team leader : He sought talks with Taliban ` He is innocent until proven guilty ' Intelligence indicated where Bergdahl was being held a couple of times during his five years in captivity , a U.S. official said . But any mission to get him was deemed too risky -- especially for Berghdal . Instead , the United States worked through a third party to arrange a prisoner swap . The five Taliban prisoners freed from U.S. custody were transferred to Qatar , where Obama said he 's confident they wo n't endanger the United States on the battlefield or elsewhere . Several factors help mitigate the risk of the exchange , two senior U.S. officials said . They include :  They 've been in Guantanamo for a long time and therefore likely do n't have networks as extensive as they once had ;  Most U.S. troops will out of Afghanistan in a year ;  Personal assurances from Qatar 's emir to closely monitor them . The detainees wo n't be under house arrest , yet one U.S. official says , "  We think the Qataris are going to keep a very , very close eye on them . " Asked about why Congress was n't consulted about the exchange , the President said that over the years , the White House had talked with Congress about the possible need for such an exchange , and that officials had to move quickly when the opportunity arose . "  This was likely the last , best opportunity to free him , " White House spokesman Jay Carney told CNN 's Wolf Blitzer , adding that "  we did the right thing " in negotiating a deal much like "  we exchanged prisoners " with the Germans and Japanese after World War II . As to Bergdahl , he is in stable condition at Landstuhl for treatment of conditions related to five years of captivity , the hospital said Tuesday . Citing privacy laws , the medical center did not provide specifics about his medical condition . He is undergoing a period of "  reintegration " that includes decompression and help from doctors , security officers , lawyers , chaplains , his family and more , the hospital said . "  The goal is to return him to family and society and on the path to complete recovery , " the medical center said , adding that there is no timeline for the recovery process . McHugh 's comments Tuesday followed those of Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Gen. Martin Dempsey , who stressed that questions of Bergdahl 's conduct is separate from the effort to recover any missing U.S. soldier . "  As for the circumstances of his capture , when he is able to provide them , we 'll learn the facts , " Dempsey said . "  Like any American , he is innocent until proven guilty . " He added : "  Our Army 's leaders will not look away from misconduct if it occurred . " Does Bergdahl swap set precedent ?	Official : Intel indicated Bergdahl 's location a few times , but it was too risky to get him Bergdahl was freed in exchange for 5 held at Guantanamo , who are moved to Qatar Official : Bergdahl left on his own but no definitive finding he deserted , probe finds Some hail the American soldier 's release , while others criticize the move
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Ralph Nader is entering the presidential race as an independent , he announced Sunday , saying it is time for a "  Jeffersonian revolution . " Ralph Nader is running for president as an independent . "  In the last few years , big money and the closing down of Washington against citizen groups prevent us from trying to improve our country . And I want everybody to have the right and opportunity to improve their country , " he told reporters after an appearance announcing his candidacy on NBC 's "  Meet the Press . " Asked why he should be president , the longtime consumer advocate said , "  Because I got things done . " He cited a 40-year record , which he said includes saving "  millions of lives , " bringing about stricter protection for food and water and fighting corporate control over Washington . Nader 's decision , which did not come as a surprise to political watchers , marks his fourth straight White House bid -- fifth if his 1992 write-in campaign is included . The two contenders for the Democratic nomination were quick to pounce . "  He thought that there was no difference between Al Gore and George Bush and , eight years later , I think people realize that Ralph did not know what he was talking about , " Sen. Barack Obama said a town hall meeting Sunday . Watch Nader describe whom the Democrats should be "  going after " " Calling Nader 's move "  very unfortunate , " Sen. Hillary Clinton told reporters , "  I remember when he ran before . It did n't turn out very well for anybody -- especially our country . " "  This time I hope it does n't hurt anyone . I ca n't think of anybody that would vote for Sen. McCain who would vote for Ralph Nader , " she said . Nader was criticized by some Democrats in 2000 for allegedly pulling away support from Democrat Al Gore and helping George Bush win the White House . Noting that he ran on the Green Party ticket that year , Clinton said Nader "  prevented Al Gore from being the ` greenest ' president we could have had . " Nader has long rejected his portrayal as a spoiler in the presidential race . In his NBC interview Sunday , he cited the Republican Party 's economic policies , the Iraq war , and other issues , saying , "  If the Democrats ca n't landslide the Republicans this year , they ought to just wrap up , close down , emerge in a different form . " But Clinton said , "  Obviously , it is not helpful to whoever our Democratic nominee is . But , you know , it is a free country . " Nader said political consultants "  have really messed up Hillary Clinton 's campaign . " Long-shot GOP contender Mike Huckabee said Nader 's entry would probably help his party . "  I think it always would probably pull votes away from the Democrats and not the Republicans , so naturally , Republicans would welcome his entry into the race , " Huckabee said Sunday on CNN . Nader said Thomas Jefferson believed that "  when you lose your government , you 've got to go into the electoral arena . " "  A Jeffersonian revolution is needed in this country , " he said . Nader told NBC that great changes in U.S. history have come "  through little parties that never won any national election . " "  Dissent is the mother of ascent , " he said . "  And in that context I 've decided to run for president . " Nader , who turns 74 this week , complained about the "  paralysis of the government , " which he said is under the control of corporate executives and lobbyists . Obama also criticized Nader earlier this weekend . "  My sense is that Mr. Nader is somebody who , if you do n't listen and adopt all of his policies , thinks you 're not substantive , " he told reporters when asked about Nader 's possible candidacy . "  He seems to have a pretty high opinion of his own work . " Obama said Nader "  is a singular figure in American politics and has done as much as just about anyone for consumers . " "  I do n't mean to diminish that , " he said . "  There 's a sense now that if someone 's not hewing to the Ralph Nader agenda , he says they 're lacking in some way . " Responding to those remarks , Nader called Obama "  a person of substance " and "  the first liberal evangelist in a long time " who "  has run a good tactical campaign . " But he accused Obama of censoring "  his better instincts " on divisive issues . Nader encouraged people to look at his campaign Web site , votenader.org , which he said discusses issues important to Americans that Obama and Sen. John McCain "  are not addressing . " E-mail to a friend	"  Dissent is the mother of ascent , " Nader says in announcing his presidential run Nader turns 74 this week Obama on Nader : "  He seems to have a pretty high opinion of his own work " Nader : Political consultants "  have really messed up Hillary Clinton 's campaign "
CNN  -- A Missouri police officer shot and killed a teenager Tuesday night in Berkeley , Missouri , just 2 miles from the St. Louis suburb of Ferguson , where Michael Brown was killed by police , an event that set off protests across the country . But even though both cases involve white officers and black teens , Berkley 's mayor said the incidents are not the same . Surveillance video appears to show a person -- identified by police and his family as Antonio Martin , 18 -- pointing a gun at an officer in a gas station parking lot in Berkeley right before the officer fatally shot the teen , Berkeley Mayor Theodore Hoskins told reporters Wednesday . St. Louis County Police released on YouTube videos from three different angles that captured parts of the scene . The shooting led to a tense couple of hours at the station , where scuffles with police broke out -- and what appeared to be lit fireworks were thrown -- as scores of people gathered to see what happened in an area still emotional over the August 9 shooting of Michael Brown . But Hoskins , who is black , said that this shooting can not be likened to Brown 's death , in part because unlike the Ferguson case , this one was captured on video and allegedly involves an armed teen . "  We reviewed the video and it appears that there was a gun pointed at the officer before the officer fired , " Hoskins said . It "  does not appear that the police officer initiated " the incident , he said . Hoskins promised a thorough investigation . "  I will not tolerate brutality of any policeman on our citizens , " Hoskins told CNN . He added that people can "  rest assured that I will investigate this independently and make a complete report to the community . " Gov. Jay Nixon issued a brief statement saying , "  The events in Berkeley are a reminder that law enforcement officers have a difficult , and often dangerous , job in protecting themselves and law-abiding citizens . " A small group of protesters marched along some roads , including a highway , on Wednesday night , with some help from police . "  Police are actually blocking the intersections for the protesters , " St. Louis Post-Dispatch reporter Nicholas J.C. Pistor tweeted . Still , six to eight protesters were nevertheless arrested for blocking off part of I-170 in Berkeley , CNN affiliate KMOV reported . Martin faced a series of criminal charges over the past 15 months according to KMOV , including assault , armed robbery , unlawful use of a weapon , armed criminal action and stealing . The station showed Martin 's tearful mother Toni Martin saying her son was "  trying to get his life back together . " Police : Officer was investigating alleged theft County Police Chief Jon Belmar said the shooting was tragic , but stressed the teen pointed a gun "  straight out " at the officer , who fired in self-defense . "  I understand the emotions ... but I think we need to understand the context of what happens ... with these types of situations , " Belmar , whose department is investigating the shooting , told reporters . Belmar said the officer , a 34-year-old , six-year Berkeley police veteran , was responding to a report of a theft when he pulled into the parking lot of a Mobil gas station in Berkeley shortly before 11:15 p.m. . He left his cruiser and talked to two men in the lot . Eventually , as the officer stood by the driver 's side tire of his cruiser , one of the men backed away from the cruiser 's passenger side headlight , then stepped forward again pointing a gun at the officer , Belmar said . The officer , whom police did not name , lost balance and fell as he moved back in reaction , but managed to fire what investigators believe were three shots , hitting the gunman at least once , Belmar said . The slain teen is not believed to have fired his weapon , a loaded 9 mm handgun that police recovered at the scene , Belmar said . Police later released a photo of the weapon . Meanwhile , there was a shooting in St. Louis on Wednesday . CNN affiliate KMOV reported one person was shot to death and three were in critical condition . No other details were immediately available . Surveillance video , but body camera was n't worn In the Martin case , video released by authorities showed a second man nearby who fled when the shooting occurred . Authorities are looking to interview him . Martin 's father , Jerome Green , said his son had indicated he was going out to meet his girlfriend and had not mentioned any other person who might be with them . "  He was supposed to come home , " Green said . "  We 're getting ready for the holiday ; everyone wanted to see him . My grandmother had n't seen him for a while . " The officer involved was given a body camera before he left for patrol , but he was n't wearing it during the shooting , possibly because he was distracted when a supervisor gave it to him earlier Tuesday , Belmar said . Hoskins said this did n't bother him , in part because the city , with three cameras for its 31 officers , had just started training officers to use them . The cruiser 's dashboard camera also was n't recording , because the car 's emergency lights had n't been activated , Belmar said . The officer will be placed on administrative leave until the investigation is completed . Green said Martin lived with his parents , brother and sister . Protest , scuffle Protesters late Tuesday and early Wednesday gathered around an ethnically diverse group of dozens of police officers , who stood between them and the scene . People in the crowd screamed at police . Others spoke more calmly . What looked like a firework exploded near a gas pump , scattering people and temporarily filling the area with thick , white smoke , video from CNN affiliate KMOV showed . Four people were arrested on suspicion of assaulting officers , Belmar said . One police officer was sent to an emergency room after injuring himself while trying to get away from the firework , Belmar said . Another officer was treated at a hospital after being hit in the head with a rock or a brick , Belmar said . St. Louis Post-Dispatch photographer David Carson said some of the protesters damaged police cars . CNN showed images of one squad car with a large dent in its side . KMOV video showed a white plume rising at another location down the street . Belmar said someone had tried to set a fire at a nearby store , but someone extinguished it . Before sunup , protesters thinned out , and those remaining stood calmly behind police tape . Tuesday 's incident came about a month after a St. Louis County grand jury declined to indict Ferguson Police Officer Darren Wilson for fatally shooting Michael Brown on August 9 . Authorities said Brown , who was black , was n't armed at the time , but that he tried to take Wilson 's gun while the officer was in his vehicle during an encounter in Ferguson . Some witness accounts said Wilson left his car and eventually fired while Brown , 18 , had his hands up in surrender , but others disputed this . Police said Wilson fired in self-defense as Brown charged him . Berkeley is a city of about 8,000 people flanked by St. Louis International Airport to the west and Ferguson to the east . CNN 's John Branch , Sara Ganim , George Howell and Rick Martin contributed to this report .	NEW : Berkeley police arrest 6-8 protestors for blocking highway Police help a small group of protesters cross intersections , reporter says Antonio Martin already faced charges alleging assault , armed robbery and more Authorities : Berkeley shooting is not comparable to Ferguson
Colorado Springs  CNN  -- Days after he led police in a wild car chase that ended in a hail of gunfire , authorities are investigating the driver 's links to two Colorado killings . And whether he has ties to a third shooting , in Texas , earlier this year . Suspect Evan Spencer Ebel , 28 , was fatally shot in the head Thursday after he opened fire on the deputies chasing him in in Montague County , Texas . Investigators have found evidence linking him to the slaying of a Colorado prison chief and a pizza delivery driver this week . And the FBI is looking for possible evidence linking the January slaying of Kaufman County prosecutor Mark Hasse to Tuesday 's killing of Colorado prison chief Tom Clements at a Denver suburb . "  This is part of routine investigative work when two crimes occur under somewhat similar circumstances , " the Kaufman County Sheriffs Office said in a statement Friday . " If any link is found , or a possible link is disproven , that information will be released at the appropriate time . " In an affidavit , Texas authorities detailed what they believe links him to the prison chief 's killing . Black Cadillac Of key focus in the affidavit is a 1991 black Cadillac authorities say the suspect was driving in a wild , high-speed chase Thursday . He opened fire on sheriff 's deputies before slamming into an 18-wheeler , climbing out of the wreckage and opening fire again . Witnesses reported a similar vehicle -- a black , boxy car with Colorado license plates -- near the prison chief 's house the day he was killed . Among the links in the cases , according to the affidavit , are shell casings from a 9mm handgun found at Clements house . They are the same brand and caliber used in the shooting of James Boyd , a Wise County , Texas , sheriff 's deputy who tried to pull over the suspect . Pizza box carrier Boyd , who had on a bullet-proof vest , managed to call for help and tell law enforcement which way Ebel was driving . The deputy remains hospitalized at a Dallas-Fort Worth area hospital . During the investigation into the shooting , authorities found a Domino 's Pizza box carrier and a uniform jacket in the trunk of the Cadillac , prompting Denver authorities to go to Texas to examine the car . Video : Pizza deliveryman remembered ` Strong connection ' They are investigating the killing of Nathan Collin Leon , 27 , a Domino 's Pizza deliveryman in Denver . Leon disappeared from work Sunday and was found dead in the Denver suburb of Golden . Denver investigators said there is a "  strong connection " between Leon and Clements killings , but have said little about a possible motive . Did Ebel kill a pizza deliveryman to get a hold of his uniform as part of an effort to disguise himself ? Did he target Clements because of the prison chief 's crackdown on white supremacist gangs in prison ? Was he part of a wider conspiracy to kill Clements ? Or was it something else ? Investigators looking into Clements ' killing have told reporters they are considering numerous angles . One is that Ebel , a former member of the 211s -- a white-supremacist prison gang -- might have conspired with other inmates to kill Clements , the Colorado , sheriff 's department said . Clements earned widespread recognition for prison reforms and crackdown on prison gangs , including the 211s . Citing media coverage of the shooting and its possible connection with the the 211s , authorities locked down Colorado 's prisons on Friday . History of violence Ebel lengthy prison record dates to his teen years , including a 2003 charge for felony armed robbery after he brandished a gun and threatened to kill a man unless he handed over his wallet , court documents show . He was 18 at the time . He pleaded guilty and was sentenced to three years in prison , serving just over a year . Just months after his release , he was arrested again . This time for felony menacing , robbery and assault . He pleaded guilty to those charges in 2005 and was sentenced to another three years in prison . In 2006 , while in prison , Ebel was charged with assaulting a detention officer , records show . He pleaded guilty and received an additional four years on his sentence . Ebel served his entire sentence and was given mandatory parole on January 28 , 2013 , according to the state Department of Corrections . CNN 's Jim Spellman reported from Colorado and Ed Lavandera from Texas , and Chelsea J. Carter reported and wrote from Atlanta . CNN 's Ashley Fantz and Drew Griffin contributed to this report .	Authorities are working to see if suspect is linked to the killing of Colorado 's prison chief FBI looking for possible evidence linking him to the January slaying of a Texas prosecutor Suspect Evan Spencer Ebel , 28 , was fatally shot in the head after a car chase in Texas
Istanbul  CNN  -- Turkey is drawing up contingency plans with the NATO military alliance to fortify its border with Syria , and a Patriot missile deployment is one option on the table , Turkish officials say . Turkish President Abdullah Gul told reporters Thursday that due to the ongoing civil war in Syria and its possible repercussions for NATO-member Turkey , every measure was being considered to counter the risks . Discussions have been ongoing "  within NATO ... in terms of defensive measures " and many defensive scenarios are being looked at as a precaution , Gul said when asked whether Turkey was seeking to acquire Patriot missiles from NATO . Read more : Report : 33 Syrian army members defect to Turkey International and Turkish media reported Wednesday that the government planned to ask NATO to station Patriot missiles along the border with Syria , but the prime minister denied the report . "  We have not made such a request . Let me be clear , we are not thinking about or in a position to buy Patriots at this time , " Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan told reporters during a visit to Bali Wednesday . He seemed angry about the media reports , insisting that the foreign ministry official said to be the source for the information had no right to make such a statement . Read more : Turkey strikes targets in Syria in retaliation for shelling deaths Ankara has been careful to note that it does not plan to take offensive action and does not want a war with its southern neighbor , with which it shares a 822-kilometer  about 511-mile  border . "  It is out of the question that Turkey has any intention of going to war with Syria . I hope that it is also out of the question for Syria to engage in this kind of inconceivable action toward Turkey , " said Gul . "  But when there are these types of last-minute developments , when these types of potential risks are present , undoubtedly all sorts of precautions are taken in these situations . One of these precautions is against ballistic missiles as well as mid-range and near-range missiles , " he added . The U.S.-made Patriot missile system -- which became well-known during the first Gulf War , when it was used to protect American allies against Iraqi Scud missiles -- works well against short - and medium-range missiles . Read more : Turkey deploys troops , tanks to Syrian border Two decades later , reports about the possible deployment of Patriots have emerged as tensions steadily escalate between two other Middle Eastern neighbors . Schools were closed in the Turkish border town of Ceylanpinar Thursday as intense fighting raged in the area between loyalist Syrian forces and fighters from the rebel Free Syrian Army . "  We can hear the sounds of fighting . The town is very quiet today , not a lot of stores opened up , " said Mehmet Saitavci , a neighborhood mayor from Ceylanpinar . "  People here have a lot of relatives on the other side and they are coming up to the border and the Turkish military takes them and brings them into Turkey . We were told we can have our relatives be our guests for a few days by the municipal mayor , " said Saitavci , who also reported that two Turks were injured , but not seriously , due to stray gunfire . Last month , Syrian artillery shells hit the Turkish border town of Akcakale , killing five Turkish citizens . Soon after , the Turkish parliament approved a resolution that would allow the military to carry out cross-border incursions . Since that deadly incident , Turkish officials have confirmed more than a dozen cross-border artillery strikes believed to have been carried out by the Syrian military . In each case , Turkish forces retaliated swiftly against Syria using artillery . Last June , Syrian anti-aircraft defenses shot down a Turkish military reconnaissance jet , killing two pilots , after it briefly crossed into Syrian airspace in the eastern Mediterranean Sea . Today , Turkey is adamant that its airspace not be used to supply the military of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad . An Armenian plane headed for Syria landed in the Turkish city of Erzurum for a "  technical inspection " Thursday . Read more : Al-Assad : I wish the Turkish jet shootdown did n't happen "  We are allowing the humanitarian aid to go in Syria . So it was agreed beforehand . They knew and agreed to land , " a Turkish foreign ministry official wrote to CNN , on condition of anonymity . A similar flight was also asked to land in Turkey for inspection of its cargo last month . In that case , Armenian officials confirmed that the Turkish search was part of a scheduled stop . But just a few days before the Armenian flight was stopped , a Syrian passenger plane from Russia was forced to land , with Turkish F-16s escorting it to a runway in the Turkish capital . Turkish authorities announced they suspected the aircraft of carrying military equipment to Damascus . Turkish authorities later confiscated military equipment from a Russian arms manufacturer that was addressed to the Syrian defense ministry . Once cozy relations between Syria and Turkey have all but collapsed since the Syrian uprising began more than 19 months ago . Turkey is officially hosting more than 111,000 refugees , but the Turkish government says tens of thousands of unofficial refugees also live in Turkish cities and towns near the Syrian border . Meanwhile , Damascus has repeatedly accused its former ally of meddling in internal Syrian affairs by funding and arming the Syrian opposition , as well as providing sanctuary and medical care to Syrian rebels . Turkish , American and British diplomats are attending a Syrian opposition conference in Qatar this week , part of a U.S.-backed initiative to reorganize and restructure the fractured opposition movement .	Turkey 's president says defensive measures are being discussed Turkey does not want a war with its neighbor , officials say The Turkish government is hosting more than 111,000 Syrian refugees Turkey and Syria share an 822-kilometer border
CNN  -- London 's ` ghost stations ' are a paradise for urban explorers , daredevils who compete for the most spectacular photos of their visits to the abandoned labyrinths that stretch under the capital . But the party may be over , as London seeks to transform its abandoned tube stations into a powerhouse of urban development , and address the problem of expansion in one of the most expensive cities in the world . Ex-banker Ajit Chambers , 41 , is leading a campaign to push the ghost stations into service . The founder of the Old London Underground Company has plans to develop 26 sites with an estimated value of # 3.6 billion . He envisages leasing and converting them into retail parks , entertainment centers , offices and cultural experiences . "  You can operate 24 hours a day underground , " says Chambers . "  Workers could come and go at any time without worrying about the noise . " "  Then there is the unique selling point that almost no one has seen these places before , which will guarantee a lot of interest . " Five years after beginning the planning process , the entrepreneur believes his vision is on the verge of reality . A single site -- Down Street station - has undergone extensive assessments for logistics and safety , and Chambers claims that Transport for London  TfL  have assured him it will be converted and opened to the public in 2015 . Development would make use of the city 's cultural capital . Previously a World War Two bomb shelter , Down Street also accommodated wartime Prime Minister Winston Churchill 's private apartments , Chambers intends to make the site a tourist attraction based on its history and according to his figures , it would return a profit within three years . The entrepreneur believes this would be a breakthrough to herald mass-scale development . "  The value is the model , " he says . "  There are billions in these properties that need to go to market . We are launching a new sector . " Chambers has corralled an international team of investors , and construction company Mace -- which built London 's Shard -- is ready to convert the space . He claims there is enough interest to launch all 26 sites whenever permission was granted . TfL would not confirm any deal , but said that assessments are ongoing and did not rule out a single site opening commercially next year . A spokesperson stressed that mass development would be limited as many stations are still in "  operational use " -- including as emergency exits . The network has already made some tentative steps , using part of Clapham Station to host an underground farm . The Ministry of Defence has sold one its underground site - Brompton road - to Ukrainian investors . Mayor of London Boris Johnson has called the development of ghost stations a "  brilliant plan " and pledged to support it if it does not require the investment of public money . Should the plans go ahead , it would see London take a lead in a global race to develop cities underground . In recent years , Mexico City has sought to address its overcrowding with a 300-meter deep ` Earthscraper ' to accommodate retail , housing and cultural attractions . New York 's ` Lowline Project ' is an audacious attempt to create the world 's first underground park , slated for a 2018 opening powered by innovative solar technology that would support the growth of plants deep below the surface . Finnish capital Helsinki has taken the concept furthest , getting around its space limitations with strategic ` Underground City Plan ' . Features include leisure centers and shopping malls , along with much of the infrastructure , such as roads and data centers . With over 80 % of the world 's population projected to live in cities by the end of the century , subterranean development has become a critical facet of efforts to sustain growth . In a 2013 report , the US National Research Council suggested that "  facilities underground may be the most successful way to encourage or support the redirection of urban development into sustainable patterns . " "  It 's absolutely a growth area , " says Mark Hansford , editor of the New Civil Engineer . "  All the businesses we talk to anticipate growth in construction of ever deeper underground spaces . In London a growing number of properties are three or four stories deep . With so little space there has to be new ways to make use of it . " Hanford says that technology has played a role , with the development of self-supporting concrete , and 3D computational modeling that allows architects to plan at ever-greater depths with minimized risk . "  There has been development of skill in underground tunneling that gives confidence to clients now , that projects will be built on time and budget , " says Hansford . Hansford adds that energy costs could be significantly lowered through the warmer atmosphere underground , another inducement for potential occupants . For the future of business , the only way is down .	Underground sites worth # 3.6 billion to be converted in London Would facilitate 24-hour operation and solve space issues in urban hubs Finland , US , Mexico join global movement to underground development
Los Angeles  CNN  -- A Los Angeles elementary school teacher allegedly took bondage photos of more than two dozen students in his classroom , including some with suspected semen-filled spoons at their mouths , investigators said Tuesday . The young students "  did n't realize they were victimized , " Los Angeles County Sheriff 's Sgt. Dan Scott told CNN Tuesday . "  They thought they were being blindfolded and gagged as a game , " he said . "  And they were rewarded with cookies or spoons full of sugar  but  they did not realize the spoon contained semen . " The photographs also showed "  a large 3-inch cockroach that would crawl on their face , " Scott said . Mark Berndt , 61 , was arrested on child molestation charges at his Torrance , California , home Monday and is being held pending $ 2.3 million bond in a Los Angeles County jail , according to Sheriff 's Lt. Carlos Marquez . He is scheduled to make a first appearance before a judge Wednesday morning on 23 counts of lewd acts on a child , according to the county 's district attorney . CNN was not able to immediately identify or reach Berndt 's lawyer . While the investigation began more than a year ago , the arrest came soon after lab testing matched Berndt 's DNA with semen found on a spoon recovered from his classroom , Scott said . Investigators persuaded the suspect to voluntarily give them a DNA sample just two months ago , he said . The 30-year teaching veteran was removed from his job at Miramonte Elementary School in south Los Angeles on January 7 , 2011 , the day the sheriff 's department told the school district about the investigation , Los Angeles School Superintendent John Deasy said . "  I am sickened and horrified by the behavior of Mark Berndt . This individual and his conduct do not reflect on the quality of the teachers who work so hard on behalf of the students in the Los Angeles Unified School District , " Deasy said in a written statement . The probe started when a film processor gave investigators "  over 40 photographs depicting children in a school classroom , with their eyes blindfolded and mouths covered with tape , " the sheriff 's statement said . "  Investigators learned that some of the photos depicted suspect Mark Berndt with his arm around the children , or with his hand over their mouths , " it said . Some photos show female students with "  what appeared to be a blue plastic spoon , filled with an unknown clear/white liquid substance , up to their mouths as if they were going to ingest the substance , " the statement said . Other photos showed "  children with large live Madagascar-type cockroaches on their faces and mouths , " it said . Investigators , who interviewed more than 80 current and former students and school employees , identified 23 boys and girls then between the ages of 7 and 10 years old as victims in crimes that are believed to have been committed between 2005 and 2010 , it said . A search of Berndt 's home found more than 100 more similar photographs depicting children and a video depicting adult sexual "  bondage " activity "  which mirrored the bondage-type photos of the children , " investigators said . The film processor later gave investigators an additional 250 photographs , it said . About 10 children seen in the more than 400 images have not yet been identified , it said . "  Early in the investigation , Special Victims Bureau detectives recovered a blue plastic spoon and an empty container from the trash within the suspect 's classroom , " the sheriff 's statement said . "  The recovered items tested positive for semen . Through further investigation , the suspect 's DNA was obtained and tested , and  investigators  determined that it matched that of the DNA profile found on the spoon and container . " Investigators did not reveal the contents of the fluid to the children or tell them that the case involved child molestation allegations , Scott said . CNN 's Stan Wilson contributed to this report .	The young students "  did n't realize they were victimized , " an investigator says Children were told they were playing a game , may have been spoon-fed semen In classroom photos , students had "  eyes blindfolded and mouths covered , " officials say Mark Berndt , a 30-year teaching vet , is charged with child molestation
CNN  -- Syria 's president made a rare public appearance Wednesday . Bashar al-Assad visited the Umawyeen Electricity Station at Tishreen Park in Damascus to commemorate Workers ' Day . He congratulated the station 's staff and all other Syrian workers . The visit came amid more violence in the civil war , a 2-year-old conflict fueled by a grass-roots revolt against the government . At least 50 people were killed Wednesday , the opposition Local Coordination Committees of Syria said . The opposition Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said regime aircraft bombarded targets in the Damascus countryside and Aleppo province . The group said an improvised explosive device detonated near a police headquarters in Damascus , injuring a number of people , including children . A giant plume of thick , gray smoke rose over central Damascus , hanging over the skyline . It was not immediately known if there were any fatalities . According to the state-run Syrian Arab News Agency , four people , including a 10-year-old child , were killed , and more than two dozen wounded in a series of bomb blasts in Damascus Two of the explosive devices were planted on bicycles , SANA said , blaming the violence on terrorists . Hezbollah and Syria Hezbollah has threatened to intervene further in Syria if there is any threat that the regime could fall to the United States , Israel or extremists , the Lebanese militant group said . The radical Shiite group , which the United States and Israel call a terrorist organization , has said it is in Syria only to protect Lebanese in the country and to protect holy Shiite shrines from the warfare . But reports emerged months ago that Hezbollah fighters are battling Syrian rebels near the Lebanese border . On Tuesday , Hezbollah leader Hassan Nasrallah said the group could step up its presence in Syria and issued an ominous warning to opposition members backed by foreigners who may try to overthrow al-Assad 's regime . "  Syria has real friends in the region and the world . And they will never allow Syria to fall to the hands of the United States , Israel or extremist groups . They will never allow it . You may ask how will this happen . The details will come later , " Nasrallah said . Sectarian strife has been a factor in the civil strife . The majority of the country is Sunni Muslim ; al-Assad 's family is Alawite , an offshoot of Shiite Islam . The Hezbollah leader expressed concern that some Sunni extremists may try to destroy holy Shiite shrines in Syria . While such shrines are highly revered by Shiites , a number of Sunni radicals believe they amount to sacrilege . One of the most notable shrines is the Sayida Zeinab , which Shiites believe houses the tomb of the Prophet Mohammed 's granddaughter , Zeinab . It 's located about 10 kilometers  6 miles  south of the Syrian capital . "  Some extremist groups plan to execute their threats with regards to  Sayida Zeinab  , and if such a crime were to take place , it will carry with it grave consequences , " Nasrallah said . But the Syrian National Coalition , an umbrella opposition group , dismissed the Hezbollah leader 's claims . "  Only the Syrians are responsible to defend and protect their cities and their holy shrines . We do n't need the regime militias or Hezbollah fighters to tell us what our duty is , " the council said in a statement . "  This is our land , our country and our future . " Russia says ships ready to evacuate citizens The commander of a group of Russian warships said his forces are prepared to evacuate Russian citizens from Syria . Captain Alexei Komarov said ships due to participate in military exercises off the Syrian coast are standing ready , according to the state-run news agency Itar-Tass . At least one ship , the Azov , is ported in the Israeli coastal city of Haifa . There are between 35,000 and 40,000 Russian families in Syria , the Syrian Ambassador to Russia , Riyad Haddad , said last week . He added that only about 100 families have returned to Russia since the start of the civil war . They were relocated in January after being bused out of the country . A large-scale evacuation from the Syrian coast would be a shift in confidence for Moscow , which has been a staunch ally of Damascus and the al-Assad government . The Russian military maintains a small base and uses the Syrian port of Tartus for resupply missions . READ MORE : World seeks answers as Syria civil war evolves READ MORE : All options on the table regarding Syria , US officials CNN 's Holly Yan contributed to this report .	NEW : Russia naval leader says his forces available to evacuate citizens from Syria At least 50 people were killed Wednesday in Syria , reports an opposition group Bashar al-Assad visits electricity station in Damascus to commemorate Workers ' Day Hezbollah leader : Syria 's friends will never allow Syria to fall to the U.S. , Israel or extremists
New York  CNN  -- The U.S. population is expected to top out at close to 312.8 million people just around the time crowds gather to watch the ball drop on New Year 's Eve , according to new census data released Thursday . The figure represents a 0.7 % increase from last year , adding 2,250,129 people to the U.S. population since the start of 2011 , and a 1.3 % increase since Census Day , April 1 , 2010 . The agency estimates that beginning in January , one American will be born every eight seconds and one will die every 12 seconds . U.S.-bound immigrants are also expected to add one person every 46 seconds . That combination of births , deaths and migration is expected to add a single person to the U.S. population every 17 seconds , the Census Bureau said . Meanwhile , millions are set to ring in the new year . In New York , authorities are preparing for large crowds in Manhattan 's Times Square , where Lady Gaga is expected to join Mayor Michael Bloomberg to push the button that drops the Waterford Crystal ball at 11:59 p.m. ET on New Year 's Eve . "  And I 'm so looking forward to performing on NYE + dropping the Ball with Mayor Bloomberg ! " the pop star posted on Twitter . "  What an honor as a New Yorker . " Past guests have included Muhammad Ali , Rudy Giuliani , Colin Powell and Bill and Hillary Clinton . On Thursday , officials conducted New York 's annual "  airworthiness test " -- a process in which confetti is tossed by handfuls above Times Square -- in preparation for the annual city tradition of dumping one ton of confetti over revelers in the iconic square . The Big Apple this year edged out Las Vegas for the first time in seven years as the top travel U.S. destination for those celebrating the new year , according to a December travel booking website poll . Seven New York neighborhoods made the top 10 list , with two districts in Las Vegas and one in New Orleans making up the other three , according to the Priceline poll . "  It appears that New York City will be helped this year by a weather forecast that calls for warmer than usual temperatures over the holiday weekend , " said company spokesman Brian Ek .	Census Bureau : U.S. population is expected to be 312.8 million on New Year 's Day That figure represents a 0.7 % increase from last year Lady Gaga , mayor to activate ball drop at Times Square on New Year 's Eve NYC has supplanted Las Vegas as the top New Year 's destination , Priceline poll says
CNN  -- Finally , it 's all over . I 'm pretty sure that is what a lot of Ohioans are thinking . None of us has ever been through anything like this , and it was not pleasant . While we appreciated having the national spotlight on us these past few months , the price was high . It was impossible to get away from the election . Turn on the television , and political commercials , filled with shadowy pictures and foreboding music , were everywhere . Turn off the TV and turn on a computer , and your IP address would betray that you were coming in from the Buckeye State , and more ads would appear . Try to escape into a book , and the phone would ring . Toward the end of the campaign , most of us were getting about 10 calls every day . For all of the high-tech Internet ads and targeted robocalls  I had no idea I was on a first-name basis with so many politicians , but the calls often addressed either me or my wife directly  , in the end , election day was almost comfortingly old-fashioned . Candidates and their supporters stood outside the polling locations , usually churches or schools , handing out paper flyers hoping to persuade late deciders to support their candidates . Inside the polling stations , dedicated poll workers -- the unsung heroes of American democracy -- tried their best to adapt to complex regulations governing who among their neighbors was and was not qualified to vote . Ironically , given how much money was spent here , for the second presidential race in a row , Ohio did not matter . Barack Obama could have lost Ohio and won the election . Still , Ohio , with its hefty chunk of electoral votes and predilection for voting for the eventual winner , will doubtless remain at the center of future presidential contests . Although Ohio once again voted for the winner  a pattern that now extends to 1964  , those expecting a satisfying victory of one party over the other in Ohio were disappointed . In its own gentle way , it was as if the Buckeye State , like most voters across the country on Tuesday night , was admonishing the nation to seek some sort of bipartisan consensus . While agreeing to give Obama a second term , Ohio voters handed the president a much narrower victory than he had enjoyed four years earlier . In fact , if Mitt Romney had just done a bit better than John McCain had in Ohio , he would have won the state . And Ohio voters showed their ambivalence by deciding to keep the state legislature solidly in Republican hands and to send Republicans to Congress in 12 of Ohio 's 16 congressional districts . While Democrats will argue that these Republican victories are more the result of political gerrymandering than clear voter intent , Ohioans also soundly rejected a ballot measure on Tuesday that would have redistricting out of the hands of the legislature . While pundits have emphasized the importance of the auto bailout as essentially buying the votes of Ohio auto workers and their families , the harsh headline of the Mitt Romney opinion piece that had been published in the New York Times -- "  Let Detroit go Bankrupt " -- might have offended voters more than the president 's actions had earned their gratitude . Over the past few years , Republicans in Ohio have shown themselves to be quite adept at offending voters . They did very well in the state 's midterm elections two years ago . After regaining total control of the Ohio government , they passed a bill restricting the collective bargaining rights of nearly all public employees -- not only teachers and other government workers , as had been the case in Wisconsin , but also police and firefighters . The bill was overwhelmingly defeated when placed on the ballot in November 2011 , and the anti-Republican momentum generated by the legislation rolled into this year 's presidential contest . Somewhat surprisingly , Republicans spent almost no time in Ohio rebuilding their support . Although there was a massive GOP get-out-the-vote effort , little was done to repair the party 's brand name . One of the most obvious moves that Republicans might have made would be to place moderate and widely popular Ohio Sen. Rob Portman on the ticket in 2012 , instead of the more divisive Paul Ryan . Sixty-eight years ago , in the summer of 1944 , the Republican Party nominated Ohio Gov. John Bricker to be the vice-presidential candidate alongside presidential nominee Thomas Dewey . Although the GOP ticket was crushed by FDR , it is interesting to note that Ohio was one of only 12 states carried by the Republicans . It is hard not to credit Bricker with delivering his home state . After all , Roosevelt had never before lost Ohio . Four years later , Dewey , with his new running mate , California Gov. Earl Warren , would lose the Buckeye State in an election that everyone expected him to win . If there was one Republican winner in Ohio , it was probably Portman . As Romney 's practice partner for his debate preparations , Portman played a crucial role in Romney 's success during the first presidential debate , the only event over the past few months that seemed to move the polls in Romney 's direction . This was actually the fourth campaign in which Portman has played this role , and some GOP insiders are probably contemplating that perhaps it is time for Portman to be a presidential candidate rather than just playing one during debate practice . It does make some sense to have an Ohioan at the top of the ticket . After all , the one thing we can be sure of in 2016 is that , once again , all eyes will be on Ohio . But for those of us who make our home in the Buckeye State , this is something that we would rather not think about right now . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Paul Sracic .	Paul Sracic : Ohioans were bombarded with campaign ads and calls Sracic : In the end , Ohio did not matter in Barack Obama 's re-election He says if there was one GOP winner in Ohio , it was probably Sen. Rob Portman Sracic : Maybe it 's time for Portman to be a presidential candidate in the next election
The critical moment for Sen. Ted Cruz and his allies came around 7 p.m. on Tuesday night . The Texas Republican 's suit was still crisp , despite more than four hours into what would become a rhetorical marathon of more than 21 hours on the Senate floor aimed at derailing Obamacare . But until that point , the brunt of the speaking had been done by Cruz and his ally , Sen. Mike Lee , R-Utah . Without more help , Lee 's aides were n't sure how long the effort could continue . Then Sen. Marco Rubio , R-Florida , arrived . It was a sign that they 'd get the bodies they needed for the long haul . "  When he showed up , we had a feeling that we could go until noon  the next day  , " said Lee spokesman Brian Phillips . Lee was on or near the floor all night . Sen. Rand Paul of Kentucky , who held the floor for 12 hours in March , jumped in . Even ideological opponent Sen. Dick Durbin , D-Illinois , shouldered some speaking time while trying to refute Cruz ' points . That gave Cruz some time for mental breaks even though he could n't leave the floor to eat , use the restroom or do anything else . For material , staff pulled together binders of articles , talking points and documents that could be used to fill time . And as social networks heated up , aides ferried in a stream of tweets for Cruz to read . But to the big and less comfortable question : How did he manage physically ? Good , pliable shoes , for a start . Cruz left his trademark Ostrich boots behind and told the chamber that he picked up some sneakers in preparation for the long hours of standing . No food . Senate rules ban anyone from eating on the chamber floor . So that is easy . Dehydration . CNN Senior Congressional Producer Ted Barrett asked Cruz how he stood for more than 21 hours without having to use the men 's room . "  Drinking very little water , " he replied . That surely is part of it . But we do not know if anything else was involved , as has been the case in the past . The Senate 's marathon speech record-holder , the late Strom Thurmond of South Carolina , reportedly set up a bucket in the Senate cloakroom next to the chamber and used it while keeping one foot on the Senate floor , so as to retain his speaking position . Former Sen. Estes Kefauver of Tennessee used some kind of bag during his portion of a filibuster , according to an oral history from former parliamentarian Floyd Riddick . It did not end well . "  That 's always a defining issue , how much stamina a person has , " said Senate Historian Don Ritchie , who recorded the oral history with Riddick and says there is a tradition of senators using a contraption for bodily functions during speech-a-thons . Cruz was on the Senate floor just 1 hour and 41 minutes short of a day . "  I do n't know of any special thing he used , " said Phillips . "  And he did n't indicate there was anything . " Then he paused . "  That 's one of those things that is so personal that there are only a couple of people who know . And they will probably take it to their graves . " Cruz ' office did not respond to CNN 's request for more details .	Some tense moments not long into the 21-hour speaking marathon ; then Rubio showed up Cruz had mental breaks , but could n't leave the Senate floor to use the restroom or eat Texas Republican put aside his Ostrich boots and wore sneakers ; staff supplied speaking material Cruz drank "  very little water " ; Other marathon Senate speeches featured colorful stories , too
NEW YORK  CNN  -- A top Baha'i official has criticized Iran 's claim that the six imprisoned leaders of the religious minority were held for security reasons and not because of their faith . President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad 's government has been accused of trying to eliminate the Baha'i community . Bani Dugal , the principal representative of the Baha'i International Community to the United Nations , called Iran 's assertion "  utterly baseless . " "  The allegations are not new , and the Iranian government knows well that they are untrue , " Dugal said on Wednesday , quoted in a news release issued by the Baha'i movement . "  The documented plan of the Iranian government has always been to destroy the Baha'i community , and these latest arrests represent an intensification of this plan . " Iranian government spokesman Gholam-Hossein Elham said the people were detained for "  security issues " and not their faith , Iran 's Islamic Republic News Agency said . Elham said on Tuesday that the Baha'is were members of a group working together "  against national interest . " "  The group is an organized establishment linked to foreigners , the Zionists in particular , " he said . The arrests of the six last week and another Baha'i leader in March sparked sharp condemnation by the Baha'is , the United States , Canada , the European Union and humanitarian groups . The Baha'is say the latest arrests are part of a pattern of religious persecution since 1979 , when the monarchy of the Shah of Iran was toppled and an Islamic republic was created in the predominantly Shiite nation . The Baha'is say they have been killed , jailed and "  otherwise oppressed " only because of their religion . "  The best proof of this is the fact that , time and again , Baha'is have been offered their freedom if they recant their Baha'i beliefs and convert to Islam , an option few have taken , " Dugal said . Dugal said Iran 's practice of connecting the group to Zionism , the underlying political philosophy of the Jewish state , was a "  distortion " and an attempt to "  stir animosity " among the Iranian public . The Baha'i World Center , which the movement refers to as its "  spiritual and administrative heart , " is in the Acre/Haifa area in northern Israel -- a location that predates the founding of the state of Israel since it was formed during the Ottoman Empire 's rule of Palestine . The Baha'is explain that their founder , Baha'u ` llah , "  after a series of successive banishments from his native Persia , was exiled , with members of his family and a small band of his followers , to the Turkish penal colony of Acre in 1868 . " Dugal said the Iranian actions were the "  most recent iteration in a long history of attempts to foment hatred by casting the Baha'is as agents of foreign powers , whether of Russia , the United Kingdom , or the United States and now Israel all of which are completely baseless . " Dugal said the government 's philosophies are based largely on the idea that there can be "  no prophet following Mohammed " and that the faith "  poses a theological challenge to this belief . " They say Baha'u ` llah is regarded by Baha'is as "  the most recent in the line of Messengers of God that stretches back beyond recorded time and that includes Abraham , Moses , Buddha , Krishna , Zoroaster , Christ and Mohammed . " The Baha'is -- regarded as the largest non-Muslim religious minority in Iran -- say they have 5 million members across the globe , and about 300,000 in Iran .	Baha'i official denies Iran claim that six of its leaders held for security reasons The religious minority 's leaders were arrested at their homes last week Baha'i representative to U.N. says Iran 's claim is "  utterly baseless " Bani Dugal says Muslim-run government is trying to destroy Baha'i community
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Lindsay Lohan faces new criminal charges in California , filed just hours after the actress was arrested in New York in connection with an alleged early morning fight at a nightclub . Lohan 's latest legal troubles could send her back to jail because she is on probation for a necklace theft conviction . Lohan 's convoluted path through the criminal courts system and her struggle with drugs and alcohol has taken her to court 19 times and to five rehab facilities for a total of 250 days since January 2007 . Lohan , 26 , was arrested at a Manhattan nightclub after an alleged fight about 4 a.m. Thursday , the New York Police Department said . Lohan may have hit another woman at the Avenue Lounge , police said . Authorities declined to say whether she faced charges . "  Once again , Lindsay Lohan is a victim of someone trying to capture their 15 minutes of fame , " Lohan 's New York lawyer , Mark Heller , told CNN . "  From my initial investigation , I am completely confident that this case will be concluded favorably and that Lindsay will be totally exonerated . " ` Liz & Dick ' producer talks the risky business of hiring Lindsay Lohan Across the country in Santa Monica , California , the city attorney filed four charges against Lohan Thursday morning in connection with a car crash last summer . She is accused of giving false information to a police officer , obstructing or resisting a police officer in performance of his duty and reckless driving , according to the city attorney 's office . While these charges are all misdemeanors and would not alone normally result in jail time , the Los Angeles city attorney , who successfully prosecuted the actress for stealing a necklace in 2011 , could ask a judge to revoke her probation . A decision by the Los Angeles city attorney could come as soon as Friday , spokesman Frank Mateljan said . While it would likely be several days before the prosecutor gets confirmation of Lohan 's New York arrest , the Santa Monica charges filed Thursday should reach the Los Angeles city attorney 's office sooner . The timing of a decision on seeking a revocation of Lohan 's probation for the shoplifting conviction depends on the workload in the prosecutor 's office , Mateljan said . The Santa Monica charges stem from a car crash last June while Lohan was on her way to the set for the filming of "  Liz & Dick , " the Lifetime movie that aired this week . She is accused of telling police her assistant was driving the Porsche , while witnesses told investigators they saw Lohan behind the wheel . "  During the subsequent investigation , information was developed that Lohan was the driver of the Porsche when the accident occurred , " the Santa Monica prosecutor said in a statement to CNN . Lohan : Keep me on set , it 's safer that way CNN 's Carolyn Sung and Marina Carver contributed to this report	NEW : She 's "  a victim of someone trying to capture their 15 minutes of fame , " lawyer says Santa Monica prosecutor accuses Lohan of lying to police after wreck L.A. prosecutor may decide soon on whether to try to revoke probation Lohan is arrested at a Manhattan nightclub after an alleged fight early Thursday
CNN  -- President Barack Obama is the first American leader in decades to visit Malaysia , the Asian nation grappling with the mystery of a vanished jetliner . Obama landed in Kuala Lumpur on Saturday , seven weeks to the day Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 disappeared with 239 people aboard . He 's remained largely quiet over the issue amid an international underwater search focusing on the southern Indian Ocean . At an elaborate dinner at Istana Negara palace , attended by some 600 guests , Paramount Ruler Tuanku Abdul Halim Mu'adzam Shah offered a toast in English and personally thanked Obama for U.S. support in the aftermath of the plane 's disappearance . A day before his arrival , he told a Malaysian newspaper , The Star , that the U.S. remains committed to the search . "  The United States was one of the first countries to join in the search for the missing plane , " he said . "  U.S. Navy ships , aircraft and personnel remain on the scene , assisting in the search . Our FBI is working closely with Malaysia on the investigation into what caused the aircraft to disappear . And we 'll continue to offer our support and assistance as the search and investigation continue . " Obama will discuss the search for the missing plane with Malaysia 's Prime Minister , Deputy National Security Adviser Ben Rhodes told reporters , but it will not be the only item on the agenda . Malaysia is a growing partner of the United States , which seeks to deepen that relationship , Rhodes said . Topics of discussion between the two leaders will include trade , security and regional issues , he said . Narrowed search nears end Because of inclement weather , the planned air and sea search for Sunday was suspended , the Joint Agency Coordination Center said . The Bluefin-21 search was expected to take place . Obama 's visit comes as the initial search by the Bluefin-21 nears its end . The submersible , which is on contract to the U.S. Navy , is scouring the ocean floor for traces of the plane . Previously , another device , a "  towed pinger locator " detected signals that officials believed were from its flight recorders , which determined the current search area for the Bluefin . The underwater sonar device plunged into the Indian Ocean on Saturday , kicking off its 14th mission . It has slowly scoured 95 % of the ocean floor that searchers had narrowed down for it . So far , it has found no trace of the missing jetliner . If the Bluefin-21 searches 100 % of the area with nothing to show for it , the underwater search may expand Australian officials said . On Saturday , the British ship HMS Echo returned to port in Perth for replenishment after assisting in the search . A U.S. Navy source told CNN on Friday that the current search area is expected to move slightly north if the Bluefin does n't find any wreckage . Specifically , it might shift to encompass a 6-mile radius around where another "  ping " was detected . The underwater search so far has focused on a circle with a 10-kilometer  6.2-mile  radius around the location of a detected "  ping , " the Joint Agency Coordination Center said . "  We are currently consulting very closely with our international partners on the best way to continue the search into the future , " the Australian-based center coordinating the search said in a statement . The plane disappeared after leaving Kuala Lumpur , Malaysia , for Beijing . Preliminary report Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak has said a preliminary report on the plane 's disappearance will be available to the public next week . He also asked an internal investigation team to look into what other information may be released publicly next week , his office said . The report has been sent to the International Civil Aviation Organization , the U.N. body for global aviation , but not yet made available to the public . The U.N. organization said among the safety recommendations in the report is a suggestion by Malaysia that the aviation world needs to look at real-time tracking of commercial aircraft . It 's the same recommendation that was made after the Air France Flight 447 went down in the Atlantic Ocean in 2009 . "  Anytime there is a tragedy like this we ought to also reflect on what can be done going forward to prevent something similar from happening again , " Obama said . "  That discussion has begun in Malaysia and around the world , and we 'll see what improvements might be recommended to continue improving aviation security . One thing is already clear , however , is that large international efforts like this search operation benefit from existing partnerships among nations . " Obama , who will be in Malaysia until Sunday , is the first U.S. president to visit Kuala Lumpur in almost 50 years . He leaves for the Philippines on Sunday , where he will remain until his departure for the United States on Tuesday . CNN 's Elizabeth Joseph , Mike Ahlers , Sumnima Udas , David Molko , Catherine E. Shoichet and John Berman contributed to this report .	NEW : Sunday air and sea search suspended because of weather Obama has remained largely quiet amid an international underwater search A day before his visit , he says the U.S. remains committed to the search Malaysia says it will make its report on the missing plane public next week
CNN  -- Hamburg have moved up to fourth place in the Bundesliga , only behind Bayern Munich and Wolfsburg on goal difference , after a comfortable 2-0 home victory over Energie Cottbus on Sunday . Ivica Olic celebrates his opening goal for Hamburg as they remain in touch near the top of the Bundesliga . Croatian striker headed Hamburg into a 32nd-minute lead while a free-kick from winger Piotr Trochowski seven minutes later secured the points for the home side . The result lifts Hamburg above Hoffenheim onto 45 points , with leaders Hertha Berlin remaining top of the table on 49 points following their 1-0 victory over Bayer Leverkusen on Saturday . Sunday 's other match saw Werder Bremen pick up their first league win of 2009 with a 4-0 victory over Stuttgart , the first defeat in 10 matches for new Stuttgart coach Markus Babbel . Sweden striker Markus Rosenberg struck twice for the home side who lie 10th in the table , while Stuttgart remain sixth , 10 points behind leaders Hertha Berlin .	Hamburg remain in Bundesliga title hunt following 2-0 win over Energie Cottbus The win lifts Hamburg into fourth in the table , four points behind leaders Hertha Stuttgart suffer first defeat under Markus Babbel , losing 4-0 at Werder Bremen
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- First lady Michelle Obama 's father is not buried in the Chicago-area cemetery where investigators say hundreds of graves have been dug up in a scheme to resell the burial plots , a spokeswoman said Tuesday . First lady Michelle Obama 's father is not buried in the Chicago-area cemetery where graves were disturbed . The announcement followed an earlier , mistaken statement by the first lady 's communications director , Camille Johnston . Johnston later said that Obama 's father , Fraser Robinson III , was buried in Lincoln Cemetery in suburban Alsip , Illinois , not the Burr Oak graveyard now at the center of a criminal investigation . "  There has been some confusion that has been cleared up , " Johnston said . Robinson , who worked as a pump operator for the Chicago water department , died in 1991 after a long struggle with multiple sclerosis . Lincoln Cemetery is about 2 miles from Burr Oak . Four people face felony charges in the investigation surrounding Burr Oak Cemetery in Alsip , Illinois . Authorities said last week that about 300 graves had been disturbed as part of the scheme , but that number is expected to rise . Cook County Sheriff Thomas Dart said his office has received more than 55,000 requests for information from families with loved ones buried in Burr Oak . But he said many of the cemetery 's records are in rusted cabinets filled with decaying file cards . "  Most of the file cards have rotted together , " he said . "  They 're covered in mold , and they 've rotted together . " In addition , some of the cemetery 's books are missing pages , and others are known to have been altered , "  So this has made it incredibly difficult for us to give accurate information , " Dart said . His office asked a court Tuesday to appoint a receiver to manage the graveyard , which he said has been run by his office since last week . Among others buried in the 150-acre graveyard are civil rights martyr Emmett Till , blues pioneer Willie Dixon , jazz and blues singer Dinah Washington and several Negro League baseball players . Cemetery groundskeepers told investigators that Till 's grave was not among those disturbed , but the identities of other remains dug up have not been disclosed . Carolyn Towns , an office manager for the cemetery , and gravediggers Keith Nicks , Terrance Nicks and Maurice Daley have each been charged with dismembering a human body . The felony charge carries a sentence ranging from six to 30 years , authorities said . Authorities began investigating the cemetery about six weeks ago after receiving a call from its owners , who said they suspected "  financial irregularities " regarding the business , Cook County Sheriff Thomas Dart told CNN last week . He said the owners are not believed to be involved in the alleged scam . CNN correspondents Dan Lothian and Elaine Quijano contributed to this report .	NEW : Official corrects confusion , says Michelle Obama 's dad not buried at cemetery Fraser Robinson III buried at Lincoln Cemetery , about two miles from Burr Oak Four people face felony charges in an investigation regarding cemetery scheme Authorities said last week about 300 graves had been disturbed
Budget Travel  -- Many Americans do n't realize that there 's a world of reliable hotel chains beyond Marriott and Motel 6 . Here are 39 chains worth a stay . The Taj View Hotel , in Agra , India , is one of 77 mostly high-end hotels with Western-style amenities . The sample rates are for a double room on a weekday in September . WORLDWIDE Barcel Hotels & Resorts Properties : 129 properties , in 14 countries , that include the moderately priced Barcel Comfort hotels and the more stylish Barcel brand . Based in Spain . Sample rate : $ 161 , at Barcel Valencia . barcelo.es Domina Hotels & Resorts Properties : 11 hotels in Europe and North Africa , often with locally influenced decor , on-demand movies , and concierges . Based in Italy . Sample rate : $ 136 , at the Domina Inn Fiesta in Budapest . dominahotels.com Etap Hotel Properties : 370 low-budget locations in 11 countries . Standard rooms contain a double bed , a bunk and a bathroom . Based in France . Sample rate : $ 59 , at the Etap Hotel Nice Palais Nikaa in France . etaphotel.com Husa Hoteles Properties : More than 160 properties that run the gamut from remote resorts to inexpensive city hotels , in countries like Spain , Belgium , France , Argentina and Egypt . Based in Spain . Sample rate : $ 88 , at the Husa Arcipreste de Hita in Madrid . husa.es Iberostar Hotels & Resorts Properties : 100 properties , most located beachside with swimming pools and large gardens , in Europe , South America , the Caribbean and North Africa . Based in Spain . Sample rate : $ 248 , at the Iberostar Playa de Muro in Majorca . iberostar.com Ibis Hotels Properties : 800 mid-level hotels , with 24/7 reception and other services , in 38 countries . Based in France . Sample rate : $ 94 , at the Ibis Warszawa Centrum in Poland . ibishotel.com Mercure Properties : 762 properties that are spread around the world  52 countries  and vary widely -- some are stylish and chic , while others are more motel-like . Based in France . Sample rate : $ 145 , at Mercure Sydney . mercure.com Novotel Properties : 397 large hotels with restaurants and lounges , in 54 countries . Based in France . Sample rate : $ 79 , at the Novotel Xin Qiao Beijing in China . novotel.com Pestana Hotels & Resorts Properties : 38 properties that include beachfront high-rises and spa resorts , with a variety of room sizes and styles -- many equipped with kitchens -- in Portugal , Brazil , Mozambique , South Africa , Cape Verde , and So Tom and Principe . Based in Portugal . Sample rate : $ 94 , at the Pestana Atalaia , in Madeira , Portugal . pestana.com Riu Hotels & Resorts Properties : 105 locations , many all-inclusive , in resort areas of North Africa , Mexico , the Caribbean and Europe . Based in Spain . Sample rate : $ 179 per person  all-inclusive  , at the Hotel Riu Palace Cabo San Lucas . riu.com Sol Meli Properties : 318 properties in 30 countries operating under six brands that include Sol Hotels , which are typically near a beach and have kid-friendly restaurants ; Tryp Hotels , which also target families but are more likely to be in cities ; and the new boutique-style ME by Meli . Based in Spain . Sample rate : $ 64 , at Tryp Burlada in Pamplona , Spain . solmelia.com Taj Hotels Resorts and Palaces Properties : 77 mostly high-end hotels with Western-style amenities in India , as well as in other parts of Asia , the U.K. , the U.S. , Africa , the Middle East and Australia . Based in India . Sample rate : $ 90 , at the Taj View Hotel , in Agra , India . tajhotels.com ASIA & THE PACIFIC Amari Hotels and Resorts Properties : 15 hotels in Thai beach-resort areas and major cities . Sample rate : $ 62 , at the Amari Coral Beach Resort and Spa in Phuket . amari.com APA Hotel Properties : 52 high-rise hotels in Japan  APA stands for Always Pleasant Amenity  . Sample rate : $ 61 , at Tokyo-Ojima . apahotel.com Dusit Hotels & Resorts Properties : 18 properties with gourmet restaurants  some with poolside chalets  in Thailand , the Philippines , Myanmar and the United Arab Emirates . Based in Thailand . Sample rate : $ 110 , at the D2hotel Chiang Mai in Thailand . dusit.com Evergreen International Hotels Properties : Nine sleek , modern hotels  five in Taiwan  with soundproof rooms , plasma TVs and marble bathrooms . Based in Taiwan . Sample rate : $ 146 , at the Evergreen Laurel Hotel Taipei . evergreen-hotels . com Ginger Hotels Properties : Eight locations in India with self-serve check-in , well-equipped gyms , and flat-screen TVs . Sample rate : $ 45 , at Ginger Bangalore . gingerhotels.com Jin Jiang Hotels Properties : 192 properties in China , ranging from high-end Jin Jiang Hotels to budget-priced Jin Jiang Inns . Sample rate : $ 138 , at the Jin Jiang Hotel Shanghai . jinjianghotels.com EUROPE Cab Inn Properties : Five cheery , efficiently designed hotels in Denmark -- small , simple rooms modeled on cruise ship cabins  hence the name  . Some rooms have bunk beds . Sample rate : $ 118 , at the Copenhagen Cab Inn City . cabinn.com Dedeman Hotels & Resorts International Properties : 17 locations that tend to be either chic and modern  in big cities  or traditional  in resort areas  , primarily in Turkey , northern Cyprus , Eastern Europe and Uzbekistan . Based in Turkey . Sample rate : $ 130 , at the Hotel Dedeman Istanbul . dedemanhotels.com Fosshtel Properties : 13 unexciting , moderately priced hotels and guesthouses in normally expensive Iceland . Sample rate : $ 113 , at the Flki Inn in Reykjavk . fosshotel.is Grecotel Properties : 20 luxury properties with spas , infinity pools and other high-end amenities in the resort areas of Greece . Sample rate : $ 300 , at the Grecotel Eva Palace in Corfu . grecotel.com InterCityHotel Properties : 28 mid-level hotels in Germany and Austria , often located near train stations and airports . Based in Germany . Sample rate : $ 170 , at the InterCityHotel Berlin . intercityhotel.com JJW Hotels & Resorts Properties : 40 properties , mostly located in France , including the JJW Luxury Collection at the high end , Stars Hotels at the low , and the Median brand -- no surprise -- in the middle . Based in the U.K. Sample rate : $ 81 , at the Median Lyon . jjwhotels.com New Hotel Properties : 13 small hotels in France and one in Brussels . Sample rate : $ 123 , at the New Hotel La Baume in Nmes . new-hotel . com Omena Hotels Properties : Five automated hotels in Finland ; guests check themselves in with a preset door code and contact housekeeping through interactive TVs . Sample rate : $ 49 , at the Omena Hotel Eerikinkatu in Helsinki . omena.com Premier Travel Inn Properties : 480 mid-level U.K. locations with a king - or queen-size bed in every room ; kids under 16 stay free and get breakfast free . Sample rate : $ 135 , at the Oxford Premier Travel Inn . premiertravelinn.com Sorat Hotels Properties : 17 German hotels converted from , among other things , a grain silo , a blacksmith 's shop , and a medieval inn . Sample rate : $ 123 , at the Sorat Hotel Grlitz . sorat-hotels . com Thon Hotels Properties : 54 sleek , simple , ecofriendly hotels in Norway , Belgium and the Netherlands . Based in Norway . Sample rate : $ 137 , at the Thon Hotel Astoria in Oslo . thonhotels.com MIDDLE EAST / NORTH AFRICA Dan Hotels Properties : 12 moderate to upscale hotels in Israel . Sample rate : $ 85 , at the Dan Gardens Haifa Hotel . danhotels.com Safir Hotels & Resorts Properties : 16 mid-range , straightforward business hotels in Kuwait , Egypt , Syria , Lebanon and Algeria . Based in Kuwait . Sample rate : $ 174 , at the Safir International Hotel Kuwait . safirhotels.com MEXICO Fiesta Americana/Fiesta Inn Properties : 70 properties throughout the country , including full-service resorts in places like Puerto Vallarta  Fiesta Americana  and more-standard , business-style accommodations  Fiesta Inns  . Sample rate : $ 151 , at the Fiesta Americana Condesa Cancn ; $ 106 , at the Fiesta Inn Centro Histrico , in Mexico City . fiestamericana.com , fiestainn.com SUB-SAHARAN AFRICA City Lodge Hotels Properties : 40 properties , all in South Africa . The company 's Courtyard brand is at the high end of the spectrum , its motel-like Road Lodge is at the lower end , and City Lodge and Town Lodge are situated in between . Sample rate : $ 48 , at the Road Lodge Durban . citylodge.co.za Protea Hotels Properties : 113 properties , mostly in South Africa with a few in Tanzania , Nigeria , Namibia , Zimbabwe and even the U.K. Hotels range from mid-level city properties to deluxe safari lodges . Based in South Africa . Sample rate : $ 154 , at the Protea Hotel Aishi Machame , near Mount Kilimanjaro , in Tanzania . proteahotels.com Read about five hot boutique-style brands in the U.S. E-mail to a friend Get the best travel deals and tips emailed to you FREE - CLICK HERE ! Copyright  2009 Newsweek Budget Travel , Inc. , all rights reserved . Note : This story was accurate when it was published . Please be sure to confirm all rates and details directly with the companies in question before planning your trip .	Domina Hotels & Resorts has 11 hotels in Europe and North Africa Dan Hotels operates 12 moderate to upscale hotels in Israel Protea Hotels has 113 properties , mostly in South Africa
CNN  -- I once asked a president of the Central African Republic , Ange-Flix Patass , to give up a personal monopoly he held on the distribution of refined oil products in his country . He was unapologetic . "  Do you expect me to lose money in the service of my people ? " he replied . That , in a nutshell , has been the problem of Africa . Very few African governments have been on the same wavelength as Western providers of aid . Aid , by itself , has never developed anything , but where it has been allied to good public policy , sound economic management , and a strong determination to battle poverty , it has made an enormous difference in countries like India , Indonesia , and even China . Those examples illustrate another lesson of aid . Where it works , it represents only a very small share of the total resources devoted to improving roads , schools , heath services , and other things essential for raising incomes . Aid must not overwhelm or displace local efforts ; instead , it must settle with being the junior partner . Opinion : Why foreign aid is important for Africa Because of Africa 's needs , and the stubborn nature of its poverty , the continent has attracted far too much aid and far too much interfering by outsiders . From the start , Western governments tried hard to work with public agencies , but fairly soon ran up against the obvious limitations of capacity and seriousness of African states . Early solutions were to pour in "  technical assistance , " i.e. foreign advisers who stayed on for years , or to try "  enclave " or turn-key projects that would be independent of government action . More recently , Western agencies have worked with non-government organizations or the private sector . Or , making a virtue of necessity , they have poured large amounts of their assistance directly into government budgets , citing the need for "  simplicity " and respect for local "  sovereignty . " Through all of this , the development challenge was always on somebody else 's shoulders and governments have been eager receivers , rather than clear-headed managers of Western generosity . In the last 20 years , some states -- like Ghana , Uganda , Tanzania , Mozambique , and Mali -- have broken the mould , recognized the importance of taking charge , and tried to use aid more strategically and efficiently . Some commentators would add Benin , Zambia , and Rwanda to that list . But most African governments remain stuck in a culture of dependence or indifference . There are still too many dictators in Africa  six have been in office for more than 25 years  and many elected leaders behave no differently . In Zambia last year , journalist Chansa Kabwela sent photographs of a woman giving birth on the street outside a major hospital  where she had been refused admission  to the president 's office , hoping he would look into why this had happened . Instead , the president , Rupiah Banda , ordered the journalist prosecuted for promoting pornography . She was later acquitted . Government callousness is one thing . Discouraging investors is even worse . No aid professional ever suggested that outside help was more important than private effort ; on the contrary , foreign aid was intended to help lay the foundations for greater public confidence and private savings and investment . Few economists thought that aid would create wealth , although most hoped that it would help distribute the benefits of growth more evenly . It was plain that institutions , policy , and individual effort were more important than money . So , where -- despite decades of aid -- the conditions for private savings and investment are still forbidding , it is high time we ask ourselves why we are still trying to improve them . The Blair Commission Report on Africa in 2005 reported that 70,000 trained professionals leave Africa every year , and until they -- and the 40 percent of the continent 's savings that are held abroad -- start coming home , we need to use aid more restrictively . An obvious solution is to focus aid on the small number of countries that are trying seriously to fight poverty and corruption . Other countries will need to wait -- or settle with only small amounts of aid -- until their politics or policies or attitudes to the private sector are more promising . We should also consider introducing incentives for countries to match outside assistance with greater progress in raising local funds . President Obama is being criticized for increasing U.S. contributions to the international fight against HIV/AIDS by only two percent , with the result that people in Uganda are already being turned away from clinics and condemned to die . When challenged , U.S. officials have had a fairly solid answer . Uganda has recently discovered oil and gas deposits but has gone on a spending spree , reportedly ordering fighter planes worth $ 300 million from Russia , according to a recent report in the New York Times . Does a government that shows such wanton disregard for common sense or even good taste really have the moral basis for insisting on more help with AIDS ? We must not be distracted by recent news of Africa 's "  spectacular " growth and its sudden attractiveness to private investment . Some basic things are changing on the continent , with real effects for the future ; above all , Africans are speaking out and refusing to accept tired excuses from their governments . But the truth is that most of Africa 's growth -- based on oil and mineral exports -- has not made a whit of difference to the lives of most Africans . Political freedoms shrank on the continent last year , according to the U.S.-based Freedom House index . A quarter of school-age children are still not enrolled , according to World Bank statistics ; many of those that are , are receiving a very mediocre education . And agricultural productivity -- the key to reducing poverty -- is essentially stagnant . The really good news is likely to stay local and seep out in small doses , until it eventually overwhelms the inertia and indifference of governments . Five years ago , Kenya managed to double its tax revenues because a former businessman , appointed to head the national revenue agency , took a hatchet to the dishonest practices of many tax collectors . He had every reason to do so . Only five percent of Kenya 's budget comes from foreign aid , compared with 40 percent in neighboring countries . This is a good example of the sometimes-perverse effects of aid , but also of the importance of imagination and individual initiative in promoting a better life for Africans . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Robert Calderisi .	Africa has attracted too much aid and interfering by outsiders , says Robert Calderisi Most African governments remain stuck in a culture of dependence or indifference After decades of aid , conditions for private savings and investment are still forbidding Imagination and individual initiative important in promoting a better life for Africans .
CNN  -- A few weeks ago , Time Magazine ran its now-famous cover : "  The Republican Savior : How Marco Rubio became the new voice of the GOP . " Only time will tell if the junior senator from Florida lives up to that billing , and it 's entirely possible that Time will be proven wrong in the coming months and years . But there 's one cover that the magazine could run now and be entirely confident in : "  The Republican Messenger : How Rand Paul became the real voice of the GOP . " That 's right . At least for the time being , tea party darling Sen. Rand Paul is the effective leader of the Republican Party . And that 's a pretty big deal . The GOP 's shellacking in 2012 has thrust a new generation of Republicans -- including leaders like Rubio , Rep. Paul Ryan , Sen. Ted Cruz , and Govs. Bobby Jindal and Chris Christie -- into the spotlight . But it 's Paul who has become the clearest voice of the new guard in the Republican Party . And he is effectively driving the entire GOP message right now . Think about it . No one else in the GOP has been able to step into a real leadership position , no matter how hard they try . Paul Ryan ? He 's back in the halls of Congress trying to figure out how to repackage his failed fiscal approach . John Boehner and Eric Cantor ? Congressional Republicans have an approval rating in the low teens . John McCain and Lindsey Graham ? Each day they seem less like elder statesmen and more like Statler and Waldorf from the "  Muppet Show . " Chris Christie ? He may be the nation 's most popular governor , but conservative groups find Sarah Palin and Donald Trump more compelling these days . Bob McDonnell ? He 's already got a conservative SuperPAC running ads against him in Iowa ! Jeb Bush ? His reentry to the national political dialogue this week was clumsy at best . Paul is the only guy who appears able at this point to step into the GOP leadership void . There are two reasons why . First , Paul has proven that he has the ability to punch his message through in a way that no one else in the Republican Party can . He 's clear . Whether or not you agree with him  and I rarely do  , you know where he stands . He articulates his message more clearly than most people in Washington . He 's principled . He 's more ideologically consistent than many people in Washington  though admittedly , that 's not the highest of bars these days  . He 's willing to take on leaders of both parties to make a point . While many senators in his party have held up nominations for petty political reasons , Paul held up John Brennan 's nomination over a principled stand that attracted attention from both progressives and conservatives . And as several commentators said after the fact , it 's easy to believe that he would have done the same under a Republican president . Paul 's also proven to be a master of both old and new media . Just look at this week . He had the entire traditional political press corps and mainstream media focused on him like a laser beam by utilizing one of the most old school tools available to a senator -- the filibuster . Yet he made it feel new . For weeks , the press had been reporting on the use of silent filibusters to hold up nominations and on the attempts at filibuster reform . So Paul , by forsaking a tool that so many of his colleagues seem to love , and understanding how to capitalize on an existing media narrative , came across looking courageous and principled and dominated the news cycle for 24 hours . But what made the move truly genius , was that he launched it through Twitter . And as fellow tea party Sen. Ted Cruz stated later on the Senate floor , the twitterverse blew up -- further driving the message in both old and new media . Compare that to Marco Rubio 's response to the State of the Union Address . For all of the hype that led up to his speech , what will people truly remember ? That he stopped in the middle to take a drink of water , and that he gave a version in Spanish . That 's pretty much it . In the breathless rush to rebrand the GOP by party leaders , that second point was heralded as a major success . But as to the ability to punch through an actual message , Rand Paul is running circles around everyone else . The second reason why Paul has become the party 's most effective messenger is that everyone across the entire ideological spectrum -- from John McCain , Rubio and The Wall Street Journal to Majority Leader Harry Reid and Attorney General Eric Holder -- is responding to him . Marco Rubio and Ted Cruz rushed to floor to bask in the glory of Paul 's "  filiblizzard . " Attorney General Holder sent him a letter clarifying the administration 's position on drones . Reid and Minority Leader McConnell took to the Senate floor to applaud Paul 's conviction  and bladder control  . It was n't all love , however . Fellow Republican Sens. McCain and Graham took to the floor to blast him for his position . The problem is that they are decidedly old guard . The new faces in the party fell all over themselves to " #standwithrand . " Rand Paul has people listening and responding to him . He 's dictating the conversation . And when you look at the ineptitude of the rest of the Republican message machine , it 's pretty clear that he is one of the few people in his party that know how to do that . Van Jones : Rand Paul , a civil liberties hero and civil rights villain Now , that does n't mean Paul does n't have serious problems . On most issues , he is seriously outside of the mainstream . He often gets his facts dangerously wrong -- like when he falsely argued that the number of government employees grew under President Obama , or when he alleged that the U.S. was smuggling weapons out of Libya to Turkey , without any proof . And at a time when most Americans are starving for leaders willing to cross party lines and find common ground , he is about as far from compromise as you can get . It 's that last point that may be why Paul is so dangerous to the Republican Party moving forward . Paul said this week that he is seriously considering a run for President in 2016 . The more he steps in to fill the GOP 's gaping leadership vacuum , the more others -- and particularly other potential 2016 presidential candidates -- will chase him . That means Republican leaders run the risk of seeming even more strident , more intolerant , more uncompromising , and more outside the mainstream than they did in 2012 . Those , like Christie , that buck this trend run the risk of being ostracized by the conservative grassroots -- something that not a lot of potential Republican 2016ers have shown much interest in doing . Even if Paul does n't become the nominee , he has the potential to shape the GOP field in a way that few others can at this point . In short , for now , it 's Rand Paul 's party . And it seems like so many other Republicans are simply trying to figure out how to live in it . Note : An earlier version of this article incorrectly said the number of federal employees had not grown under President Obama ; in fact , the total number of government employees at all levels has not grown since he took office . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Mo Elleithee .	Mo Elleithee says the week highlighted split in the GOP He says Rand Paul is getting his message out better than Rubio , Ryan , Cantor For GOP , danger is that he Paul could push 2016 further to the right , he says Elleithee : Paul combined old tool of filibuster with new media to make his point
CNN  -- The reactions to Ariel Castro 's death have ranged from tears to calling him a coward to demands for an investigation . But the three women who suffered in his control for about decade remained silent . Michelle Knight , Georgina DeJesus and Amanda Berry have not said a word about Castro 's death . The man who snatched them off the street , chained them in his house and raped them repeatedly , was found hanged in an Ohio prison Tuesday . While there were strong opinions about Castro from many , a spokeswoman said Wednesday the three women would not make a statement . Maria Castro-Montes , Castro 's cousin , said she cried when she heard the news and immediately thought of the victims . Would they be glad or angry about Castro 's death ? "  I just hope these victims can move past this now . I know they wanted him to live out a life sentence , but really , was he suffering behind bars ? " She said . "  I mean , getting meals , sleeping in a nice , warm , soft bed . You know , those girls did n't even have that luxury when they were being held captive in his home . They were being raped . They were being tortured . They were being beaten . " Castro , 52 , was found hanged with a bedsheet Tuesday night , Coroner Dr. Jan Gorniak said . He was being held at the Correctional Reception Center in Orient . Prison medical staff tried to revive him but failed . Castro was taken to The Ohio State University Wexner Medical Center , where he was pronounced dead at 10:52 p.m. . The Cuyahoga County prosecutor had tough words in the wake of Castro 's death . "  These degenerate molesters are cowards , " Timothy J. McGinty said . " ... This man could n't take , for even a month , a small portion of what he had dished out for more than a decade . " Attorney questions the suicide Castro was not a part of the general prison population , officials said . "  He was housed in protective custody which means he was in a cell by himself and rounds are required every 30 minutes at staggered intervals , " JoEllen Smith of the corrections department said in a statement . "  A thorough review of this incident is under way , " she added . At least two investigations will be done , according to another corrections department statement . The prison director commissioned a review team , to be made up of legal , medical , mental health , security and operational professionals not directly involved in the incident , to analyze Castro 's death . ` Hope for everyone , ' ex-captive says before house demolished But Castro attorney , Craig Weintraub , said more precautions against a possible suicide should have been taken . Castro 's attorneys had requested permission for an independent forensic psychologist to evaluate their client , but were denied by officials , he said . If Castro was believed to be suicidal , he should have been under stricter protection , he said . Some will see his death as "  a happy ending to this story , and a quick ending and justifiable , " Weintraub said . "  But we 're in a civilized society and no one should really be celebrating this . " No place in the world In handing down a sentence last month , Judge Michael Russo told the kidnapper there was no place in the world for his brand of criminal . Castro pleaded guilty to 937 counts , including murder and kidnapping , in exchange for the death penalty being taken off the table . The charges stem from his kidnapping , rape and assault of Knight , abducted in 2002 ; DeJesus , abducted in 2004 ; and Berry ; abducted in 2003 . Castro is the father of Berry 's 6-year-old daughter . Castro 's victims resilient after years of abuse All three women kept diaries with Castro 's permission , providing many of the details of their abuse . "  I cried every night . I was so alone . I worried what would happen to me and the other girls every day , " Knight , 32 , said , as she addressed her abductor head-on during his sentencing . "  I will live on . You will die a little every day . " CNN 's Mariano Castillo , Martin Savidge , Allison Malloy , Marina Carver and Kait Richmond contributed to this report .	Prosecutor : Castro could n't take what he dished out for a decade Castro 's attorney says more protection should have been provided The three women he kidnapped did not make a statement
CNN  -- Packages containing frozen vegetables sold by Wal-Mart nationwide and Kroger stores in the Southeast may contain glass fragments , the supplier said Friday in announcing a voluntary recall . While there have been no reports of injuries , the Pictsweet Co. of Bells , Tennessee , is advising the public not to eat the recalled store-brand vegetables because of the potential for harm . Consumers should return them to the place of purchase for a full refund , Pictsweet said . The voluntary recall covers the following items : -- Kroger 12-ounce Green Peas  UPC 11110 89736  . Production Codes of 1440BU , 1440BV , 1440BW , and 1600BD . -- Kroger 12-ounce Peas and Carrots  UPC 11110 89741  . Production Codes of 1960BD and 1960BE . -- Great Value 12-ounce Steamable Sweet Peas  UPC 78742 08369  . Best by dates of July 20 , 2012 ; July 21 , 2012 . -- Great Value 12-ounce Steamable Mixed Vegetables  UPC 78742 08026  . Best by date of July 15 , 2012 . Consumers with questions may contact Pictsweet toll-free at 1-800-367-7412 , extension 417 , from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. Central Daylight Time , Monday through Friday .	The products are sold by Wal-Mart and Kroger Packages may contain glass fragments Consumers can return them to place of purchase for a full refund
CNN  -- The attorney for Jameis Winston says that despite serious legal concerns , his client will cooperate in Florida State University 's Title IX investigation concerning an allegation that the Heisman Trophy-winning quarterback sexually assaulted a woman in 2012 . In a letter that was dated Tuesday and obtained by CNN on Wednesday , attorney David Cornwell , who also serves as an adviser to the Winston family , says that Winston will participate in a requested interview with the university . "  Mr. Winston will cooperate with the Investigation , " Cornwell writes in the conclusion of his letter to FSU General Counsel Carolyn Egan . "  He looks forward to clearing his name . But , Mr. Winston will not walk into a honey trap . " Cornwell alleges in the letter that an attorney for the woman who accused Winston of rape demanded $ 7 million to settle claims against Winston , Florida State and Tallahassee police before the case became public . Cornwell writes that Patricia Carroll , attorney for the alleged victim , met with him and "  demanded $ 7,000,000 to settle  the alleged victim 's  claim . "  Ms. Carroll stated , ` If we settle , you will never hear from my client or me again -- in the press or anywhere , ' " Cornwell writes in his letter to FSU 's Egan . John Clune , another attorney who represents the accuser , said in an email to CNN that Cornwell had approached Carroll first about paying off the accuser . "  Settlement discussions were immediately unproductive as Cornwell was crude and insulting going so far as to say ` your client likes to f ! # % football players , ' " Clune said in the email to CNN . Cornwell declined to comment on Clune 's statement . Carroll declined to comment , deferring to Clune 's statement . Title IX is a federal law that requires schools to investigate allegations of sexual assault . This investigation is mandatory under the law even if criminal charges were not filed , which they were not in the 2012 case after police said the alleged victim did not want to proceed . Winston could be charged by his university for a code-of-conduct violation for sexual misconduct , depending upon the results of the school 's investigation . On September 5 , Clune told CNN that Florida State had opened the Title IX investigation into the 2012 sexual assault case involving Winston . Clune said his client -- the alleged victim -- was interviewed by FSU officials in August , calling it a "  very thorough interview " and he said that his client , then a Florida State student , "  felt like she was heard by the university . " Florida State -- one of several universities under federal review for their handling of sexual violence and harassment complaints -- previously has not commented on the investigation , citing state and federal student privacy laws . According to police documents , the accuser said Winston raped her in December 2012 after she had been drinking with friends at a bar in Tallahassee . She said an unknown man gave her a shot glass of liquid before they left the bar . The accuser also said she did not remember much of what happened next but that she remembered being in a ground-floor apartment , where a man took off her clothes and had sex with her despite her objections . The accuser reported the alleged assault to campus police that night . A month later , in January 2013 , she accused Winston of the alleged rape . Tallahassee interim Police Chief Tom Coe said last year that the woman "  broke off contact " with investigators in February 2013 and did n't want to go forward with the case . The woman 's family said a detective warned her attorney that Tallahassee is a "  big football town " and that life could be miserable if she pursued the case . Tim Jansen , another attorney for Winston , has said his client had consensual sex with the woman . After he won the Heisman Trophy , Winston and the Seminoles went on to win the BCS National Championship against Auburn in January . Winston spent this spring playing for the Florida State baseball team . Winston made headlines again in April when he was accused of shoplifting crab legs from a Publix supermarket in Tallahassee . Police said that Winston said he forgot to pay . As part of a civil citation for alleged shoplifting -- an alternative to criminal prosecution for first-time , nonviolent offenses in Leon County -- Winston was not arrested but was ordered to serve at least 20 hours of community service , authorities said . This past week , Florida State suspended Winston for its game against Clemson , which the Seminoles -- still ranked No. 1 in national polls -- escaped with a 23-17 win in overtime . The suspension came after witnesses said that Winston made a sexually explicit remark near the school 's student union . Florida State initially announced Winston would be suspended for the first half of the game . However , Athletics Director Stan Wilcox increased the punishment late Friday after hearing eyewitness accounts that differed from Winston 's initial version , a source close to the situation told CNN 's Rachel Nichols .	Title IX is a federal law that requires schools to investigate allegations of sexual assault Florida State University currently has such an investigation into an alleged assault in 2012 A woman accused FSU 's Jameis Winston ; police said she declined to proceed with case Winston 's attorney says he will cooperate with FSU probe
CNN  -- A jury in Canton , Ohio , found former police officer Bobby Cutts Jr. guilty of murdering his pregnant girlfriend , Jessie Marie Davis , and their unborn child . Grasping tissues and moaning , Bobby Cutts Jr. testitfied he never meant to hurt girlfriend Jessie Davis . The jury of six men and six women reached the verdict after more than 21 hours of deliberations . Jurors found Cutts guilty of aggravated murder for the unlawful termination of Davis ' pregnancy and the aggravated murder of a child under the age of 13 . But the jury found him guilty of a lesser murder count in the death of Davis . Davis was nine months pregnant when she disappeared . She had chosen the name Chloe for her daughter . Jurors found that baby Chloe was killed during the commission of another crime , making Cutts eligible for the death penalty . The penalty phase of the trial is set to begin February 25 . Cutts will face a sentence of either 25 years to life with the possibility of parole , 30 years to life with the possibility of parole , life without parole or death . As the verdicts were read , Cutts remained stoic , a stark contrast to his tearful testimony on Monday . Watch the verdicts " His and Davis ' families left the courthouse without comment . Jurors began deliberations late Tuesday afternoon . They had been sequestered , spending nights at a nearby hotel , cut off from exposure to the media and other potential influences . According to testimony , Cutts , 30 , rolled Davis ' body in a comforter and dumped it in a park , leaving their 2 1/2 - year-old son , Blake , alone . Cutts also was found guilty of aggravated burglary , two counts of gross abuse of a corpse and endangering a child , Blake . Cutts sobbed on the witness stand as he admitted killing Davis and their unborn child . But Cutts insisted that their deaths were an accident . "  I did n't mean to hurt her , " Cutts testified , clasping a handful of tissues . "  This is n't real , " he said he kept telling himself . Prosecutors discounted Cutts ' story , claiming he buckled under the financial pressure of child support , killed the mother of his child and then created a cover story to try to get away with it . On the stand , Cutts said he went to pick up his son Blake and became agitated when Davis , 26 , was n't moving fast enough to get the boy ready . He said he tried to leave her house but she grabbed him to keep him from leaving , and he accidentally elbowed her in the throat . Cutts told the jury he performed CPR on Davis and then tried to revive her with bleach . When he realized Davis was dead , Cutts said he panicked and put her in the back of his truck , so Blake would n't have to see his mother . Myisha Ferrell , Cutts ' longtime friend , testified for the prosecution that Cutts appeared at her home at 6 a.m. after Davis died . She said she could tell he was distraught . When they left her home in his truck , she found out why . "  We drove off and he said something was wrong , " she said . "  He said , ` Something bad . ' " "  He said something was wrong with his baby 's mother . " Ferrell told the jury Cutts started speaking erratically as they drove , then blurted out , "  She 's in the back . " Ferrell admitted she helped dump Davis ' body in a field and said Cutts later coached her on what to say to police . Ferrell was sentenced to two years in prison after pleading guilty to lying to authorities and complicity to gross abuse of a corpse . During closing arguments , prosecutor Dennis Barr said Cutts strangled and killed Davis and her unborn child because of his mounting debt and child support for what would have been his fourth child . Cutts ' own actions following Davis ' disappearance were a clear indications of his guilt , he said . "  His reaction is the reaction of person who committed a crime and is trying to cover it up , " Barr said . Davis disappeared in June and the search for her attracted national attention . At that time , Cutts repeatedly denied he had any involvement . But Cutts eventually led police to her body . "  For nine days he kept the location of -LSB- Davis ' body -RSB- a secret and went on about his life , every day knowing that Jessie and Chloe were laying there rotting away , destroying the evidence , " Barr said . Prosecutors also reminded the jury of the testimony of one of Cutts ' friends , Richard Mitchell , who claimed the former police officer threatened to kill Davis one month before she disappeared . "  I 'm going to kill that -LSB- expletive -RSB- and throw her in the woods , " Mitchell quoted Cutts as saying . In their closings , Cutts ' attorneys acknowledged their client 's poor judgment after Davis ' death , but said the prosecution had not presented any witnesses to support their claim that Cutts was in financial distress . They urged the jury to find Cutts not guilty on the basis that the prosecution did not prove their case that he intentionally killed Davis . Fernando Mack , a defense lawyer , admitted Cutts ' judgment lapsed when he wrapped Davis ' body up and went to dispose of it , leaving their toddler alone with the bleach-soaked rug . But he cautioned jurors against deciding Cutts ' fate based on an emotional response to ugly facts . "  Will it outrage you ? Absolutely . But , Blake being left home alone does n't tell you about aggravated murder . " "  You do n't know what happened in that house , " defense attorney Carolyn Ranke said . E-mail to a friend	NEW : Bobby Cutts Jr. guilty of murders of Jessie Davis , unborn child NEW : Cutts faces the death penalty in death of baby Chloe Jury deliberated for nearly 22 hours in murder trial of former police officer "  I did n't mean to hurt her , " Bobby Cutts Jr. testified
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- Former boxing champion Vernon Forrest is dead after being shot multiple times in a neighborhood southwest of downtown Atlanta , officials said Sunday . Police say they have no suspects in the death of former boxing champion Vernon Forrest . An Atlanta police spokeswoman said it appeared that Forrest , 38 , had been robbed , which led to a confrontation in which he was shot several times in the back . Police had no suspects as of midday Sunday , said the spokeswoman , Sgt. Lisa Keyes . Mark Guilbeau , senior investigator with the Fulton County Medical Examiner 's office in Atlanta , said an autopsy will be conducted Sunday , and results are expected by afternoon . Watch Forrest 's manager react to his death " Forrest was the International Boxing Federation welterweight champion in 2001 , the World Boxing Council welterweight champion in 2002-2003 , and the WBC light welterweight champion in 2007-2008 and 2008-2009 , according to the BoxRec Web site . He was named the World Boxing Hall of Fame fighter of the year in 2002 , according to BoxRec .	Forrest , 38 , was robbed and then shot in the back after confrontation , police say He was shot multiple times , Atlanta , Georgia , police say Forrest , a welterweight , won several championships He was named the World Boxing Hall of Fame fighter of the year in 2002
CNN  A U.S. Army soldier was killed Wednesday in an attack in eastern Afghanistan by an Afghan National Army gunman , a U.S. military official told CNN , shortly after an American official met with a provincial governor . A U.S. defense official did n't provide details about the attack in the city of Jalalabad . But an Afghan police chief told CNN that an Afghan National Army soldier shot at U.S. soldiers at a provincial governor 's compound in Jalalabad on Wednesday . The Afghan soldier opened fire on the U.S. troops as they were leaving a meeting at the compound , said Fazal Ahmad Shirzad , police chief of Nangarhar province . An Afghan soldier was killed and another was injured in a subsequent exchange of gunfire , Shirzad said . It was n't immediately clear whether the assailant was among them . A senior U.S. official had just held a meeting with Nangarhar 's governor at the compound when gunfire erupted , a U.S. Embassy representative said . The embassy representative did n't identify the official but said that all diplomatic personnel had been accounted for after the incident . The U.S. military official did n't know yet what motivated the shooting . Other troops were injured in the attack , the U.S. defense official said , speaking on condition of anonymity . Those troops belong to the NATO-led Resolute Support mission meant to train and support Afghan troops . The defense official did not provide the nationalities of the injured Resolute Support troops . Most of the troops involved with Resolute Support are with the U.S. military . CNN national security analyst Peter Bergen said that despite Wednesday 's incident , instances of "  green-on-blue " attacks are declining overall for several reasons . "  First , there are far fewer US soldiers in Afghanistan , " Bergen said . "  Second more counterintelligence resources were devoted to countering the threat and third , an attempt was made to better vet afghan army recruits . " CNN 's Masoud Popalzai and Jim Sciutto contributed to this report from Kabul , Afghanistan .	Gunfire erupts after senior U.S. official meets with Afghan governor in Jalalabad , U.S. Embassy says Afghan soldier fires at U.S. troops , Afghan police official says
A week after U.S.-led airstrikes in Syria began , lawmakers continued to question President Barack Obama 's strategy for defeating the militant group ISIS , which he admitted in a televised interview Sunday was more powerful than the U.S. initially believed . Echoing sentiments also expressed by James Clapper , the head of U.S. intelligence services , Obama said the government "  underestimated what had been taking place in Syria " during its civil war , allowing Syria to become "  ground zero for jihadists around the world . " Speaking in a taped interview with CBS ' "  60 Minutes , " Obama said the terrorists were remnants of al Qaeda in Iraq , which after being diminished by U.S. forces "  went back underground . " "  Over the past couple of years , during the chaos of the Syrian civil war , where essentially you have huge swaths of the country that are completely ungoverned , they were able to reconstitute themselves and take advantage of that chaos , " Obama said , adding later the U.S. also overrated Iraq 's security forces , which were quickly overrun by ISIS when it took over the northern city of Mosul this summer . The President stressed that the issue in Iraq is not simply a military problem ; it 's a political one . "  This is America leading the international community to assist a country with whom we have a security partnership with , to make sure that they are able to take care of their business , " he told "  60 Minutes . " The President added : "  If we do our job right and the Iraqis fight , then over time our role can slow down and taper off . " U.S. and its allies strike ISIS tank , refineries and checkpoints Obama spent much of last week rallying international support for his mission against ISIS at the United Nations , telling leaders there the fighters represent a "  network of death " that must be defeated . An air campaign , which began last week and included coalition support from five Arab nations , continued over the weekend with strikes on the northern Syrian city of Ayn al-Arab , where Kurdish forces have been battling ISIS . The mission is meant to "  degrade and ultimately destroy " ISIS , Obama says . The White House has remained adamant there wo n't be any U.S. combat forces deployed in Iraq or Syria , though military "  advisers " have been sent to Iraq in the hopes of fortifying local security forces . The President warned the campaign probably wo n't conclude any time soon . "  There is a cancer that has grown for too long that suggests that it is acceptable to kill innocent people who worship a different God . "  And that kind of extremism , unfortunately , means that we 're going to see for some time the possibility that in a whole bunch of different countries , radical groups may spring up -- particularly in countries that are still relatively fragile , where you had sectarian tensions , where you do n't have a strong state security apparatus . "  And that 's why what we have to do is , rather than play whack-a-mole and send U.S. troops wherever this occurs , we have to build strong partnerships , " Obama told "  60 Minutes . " Aides to Obama have been careful to underscore that the military operation in the Middle East wo n't resemble the wars of the past decade , which left many Americans skeptical of intervention abroad . "  We 're doing this in a very different way than in the past , " Tony Blinken , a deputy national security adviser , said on CNN 's "  State of the Union " with Candy Crowley . "  We 're not sending in hundreds of thousands of American troops , " Blinken continued . "  We 're not spending trillions of American dollars . What we are doing is empowering local actors with some of the huge assets we can bring to this , like our airpower , intelligence , training and equipping , advising and assisting . " The "  no boots on the ground " mantra was questioned Sunday by House Speaker John Boehner , who said if local forces are n't trained to battle ISIS quickly enough , U.S. troops would be required . "  Maybe we can get enough of these forces trained and get 'em on the battlefield . But somebody 's boots have to be there , " the Republican leader said on ABC 's "  This Week . " Boehner added later that if Obama advanced a new resolution authorizing the military action in Syria , he would be willing to call lawmakers back from the campaign trail to vote on it . Obama claims he does n't need Congress ' permission for the air campaign under way in Iraq and Syria , citing the 2001 authorization to go after al Qaeda . He has said he would "  welcome " Congress showing its support for the mission . Sen. Chris Murphy , a Democrat from Connecticut , said Sunday an authorization vote would allow lawmakers -- and by turn the American public -- to hear more about long-term plans in Syria . "  I think the reason that we need to have the debate is so that we can get a better explanation as to what the endgame is in Syria , " Murphy , who sits on the Foreign Relations Committee , said on "  State of the Union . " "  In the end , that 's the check on a war without end : a Congress speaking for the American people who can put an end date on an authorization for military force or put a limitation , so that you ca n't use ground troops , " he said .	In a CBS interview , Barack Obama calls for a political solution in Iraq The President says he supports partnerships , over the game of whack-a-mole "  If we do our job right ... then over time our role can slow down , " Obama says House Speaker John Boehner questions the "  no boots on the ground " strategy
CNN  -- Spain international Juan Mata is poised to Join English club Chelsea after they agreed a deal for the player with Valencia . The 23-year-old is due in London to discuss personal terms and have a medical at the Premier League runners up this week . Chelsea 's London rivals Arsenal and Tottenham had been credited with an interest in the playmaker but he is set for a move to Stamford Bridge . Mata began his career at Real Oviedo before joining Spanish giants Real Madrid as a 15-year-old . He moved to Valencia in 2007 and quickly established himself as an important first team player , scoring in his team 's Copa Del Rey victory over Getafe . The following season he missed only one league game for Valencia and forced his way into the national team . He was part of the Spain squad that lifted the 2010 World Cup but appeared only once as a substitute , in place of another of Chelsea 's Spanish players , Fernando Torres . Meanwhile , German Bundesliga club Wolfsburg have signed Liverpool 's Greek defender Sotirios Kyrgiakos and Hrvoje Cale from Turkish outfit Trabzonspor . Kyrgiakos is familiar with German football after a two-year spell with Eintracht Frankfurt between 2006 and 2008 . Cale , who is 26-years-old , has signed a deal until the end of the 2014 season .	Spain international Juan Mata close to joining English club Chelsea Mata due in London to discuss personal terms and undergo a medical Mata joined Valencia from Real Madrid in 2007 and has 11 Spain caps Wolfsburg sign defenders Sotirios Kyrgiakos and Hrvoje Cale
One casualty of the massive protests that have rocked Hong Kong since the end of September may have been the city 's relationship with its police force -- traditionally one of the region 's most well-regarded . With the use of tear gas to disperse crowds in the protests ' early days to the videoed beating of a cuffed demonstrator by plain clothes police officers in early hours of Wednesday , the events of the past three weeks may have put the reputation of Hong Kong 's finest beyond repair . Since an overhaul designed to weed out corruption in the 1970s , the city 's police have been a relatively benign influence in the city . Following the 1997 handover of sovereignty to China , the force has peacefully monitored dozens of large-scale protests and sit-ins . However , the scale of the protests has caught the police arguably unprepared , with their tactics changing rapidly . Police initially took an aggressive stance towards the protesters -- letting loose pepper spray and tear gas and donning riot gear . But they later eased off , allowing protesters to occupy major highways uncontested and forming a human barricade to protect demonstrators from angry mobs of pro-government counter-protesters . However , the pendulum has swung back the other way over the past few days , with the re-emergence of pepper spray and batons , and a video showing a number of police officers dragging a handcuffed man to a secluded area before apparently kicking and punching him while others stand around , appearing to keep watch . The video has stunned many in the former British colony , and the authorities have pledged to launch an independent investigation . "  Police express concern over the video clip showing several plainclothes officers who are suspected of using excessive force , " said a statement issued by the Hong Kong Information Services Department Wednesday morning . "  The Complaints Against Police Office has already received a relevant complaint and will handle it in accordance with the established procedures in a just and impartial manner . " Hong Kong 's Secretary of Security Lai Tung Kwok told reporters the "  officers involved will be temporarily removed from their current duties . " He declined to take questions . Tear gas The use of 87 rounds of tear used by police on September 28 marked the first time it has been used in Hong Kong since 2005 , when South Korean farmers took to the streets to demonstrate against a World Trade Organization summit . But its use backfired , bringing swathes of Hong Kongers out to demonstrate in solidarity . "  In international standards , tear gas is only used when there is violence or when people set fire to cars or stores , and not  on  peaceful protesters , " Craig Choy , a spokesperson for the Hong Kong Civil Liberties Union  HKCLU  , told CNN . Many protesters are young students who did not expect the police to escalate their response so rapidly . "  I felt really shocked when I knew that the police were using tear gas , " said Glacier Kwong , a student activist who was on the scene and felt the full effect of the police 's attempts to disperse protesters on September 28 . "  Pepper spray is already bad enough and then suddenly they used tear gas against protesters who were not attacking anyone . I was really shocked and very scared . " She says she panicked when the clouds of gas enveloped her . "  I could n't breathe , my throat was so painful and I could n't see properly . I still went down  to the site the following day  . It did n't change my determination . " The police have denied that they have been heavy-handed . "  Police are facing an unprecedented challenge , " Steve Hui , a department spokesman , said during a press conference . "  We have exercised maximum tolerance . The goal is to not provoke even more resentment and negative emotion among demonstrators . " Police actions bring in more protesters Indeed , when police have deployed more aggressive tactics , they have had far from the desired effect . Instead of scattering the crowd , social media and TV spread news of the attacks , prompting thousands to flock to the protest site . There is a "  breach of trust " between the public and the police , the HKCLU 's Choy says , citing the example of one standoff outside the government headquarters earlier this month , when protesters accused police of smuggling in non-lethal armaments . "  The police tried to bring weapons into headquarters . They told protesters they were only changing the shift ... but in the end they transported more weapons . So most protesters think that police always lie . " Acts of aggression Advocates of the pro-democracy camp say that , on several occasions , the police failed to act to maintain public order , particularly when pro-government groups stormed the protesters ' camps , tearing down tents , barriers and handmade signs , and getting into vocal -- and sometimes violent -- confrontations with demonstrators . On at least one occasion , pro-government supporters have sexually assaulted women at the protest sites as tensions boil over . "  Women and girls were among those targeted , including incidents of sexual assault , harassment and intimidation , " human rights group Amnesty International said in a statement . "  The police inaction ... is shameful . The authorities have failed in their duty to protect peaceful protesters who came under attack , " said Mabel Au , the director of Amnesty International Hong Kong . Police have rejected the accusations that they failed to keep order , calling them "  totally unfounded and extremely unfair to police officers who faithfully and diligently performed their duty at the scene . " Rumors Rumors that people have been offered money to stir up trouble -- with many pointing the finger at Beijing -- at the protest sites have added to the sense of disillusionment with the police and the government . "  We got offered HK$ 500  around $ 65  to go to Mong Kok , to tear down the signs and shout and make noise , " the South China Morning Post  SCMP  quoted one youth as saying . "  They want us to make trouble so that the police have an excuse to stop the protest and arrest people . " Requests by CNN to the Hong Kong and Macao Affairs Office under General Office of the State Council in Beijing for comment were not responded to . Some analysts say that Beijing has worked hard to get the police and other government institutions on side . "  The police has been ` mainlandized ' and fed a lot of propaganda , " Willy Lam , an adjunct professor , at the Chinese University of Hong Kong , told CNN . "  The political neutrality of the civil service , the police , the ICAC  an independent anti-corruption agency  is in jeopardy . " But one symbol of the protest -- a giant artwork based on a widely-disseminated photograph of a protester sheltering a police officer from the rain with an umbrella -- signals that Hong Kong 's faith in its police may not be entirely lost . "  That picture is very meaningful . I aspire for freedom and peace , and that picture has shown that , " its creator , an artist known as Milk , told the SCMP . "  It means that we care about everyone , even if ` everyone ' is the police force . "	A video seeming to show a protester beaten by police has shocked Hong Kong Police initially tried to disperse protesters with pepper spray and tear gas Police tactics have been condemned by rights , protest groups Actions may lead to irreversible erosion of trust between police and populace , say activists
CNN  Despite seeing evidence from data scientists pointing to individuals who may have been behind the hacking of Sony last month , the FBI is n't wavering on its original assessment that North Korea is the culprit , an FBI source tells CNN . FBI officials and data scientists with the U.S. cybersecurity firm Norse met Monday in St. Louis , according to Norse Vice President Kurt Stammberger and an FBI source . During the three-hour briefing , which was requested by Norse , representatives of the cybersecurity firm shared information they say links several people , including a former Sony employee , to the hack , Stammberger told CNN . The former employee had worked for Sony in Los Angeles for 10 years before getting laid off in May , Stammberger said . Norse would not disclose how they could be so sure that the former Sony employee and the others were behind the attack , but said the FBI was "  very open " to receiving the data and "  grateful for the assistance . " Experts doubt North Korea was behind Sony hack However , the FBI source said , the bureau continues to hold to its original assessment , based on information "  from the FBI , the U.S. intelligence community , the Department of Homeland Security , foreign partners and the private sector . " The FBI source said the agency did n't share any of its information with Norse due to "  sensitivity of sources/techniques . " North Korea lambasts U.S. over ` The Interview , ' says Obama is the ` culprit '	Reps with cybersecurity firm Norse meet with FBI officials in St. Louis Norse : A laid-off Sony employee is among several people linked to the cyberattack FBI says U.S. , foreign and private sector intel point to North Korea
The South Korean girls group Girls ' Generation beat the likes of Miley Cyrus , Justin Bieber , Lady Gaga and its compatriot Psy to win the top award for video of the year at the inaugural YouTube Music Awards . The K-pop group , which is one of Asia 's biggest musical acts , won for the video "  I Got a Boy . " While massively popular in Asia , the reaction to its win from the American audience was muted -- with scattered applause , but mostly a long , deafening silence . Meet the ` YouTube famous ' While Girls ' Generation may be unknown to an American audience , the pop group is a national phenomenon in Korea . The group 's record releases are a national event with every news outlet running stories and inciting fans to near-hysteria . The group might be likened to an Asian version of Spice Girls , with pop sounds , costumes and synchronized dancing . The members sing and also rap . The YouTube Music Awards nominees were based on views , likes and comments and subscriptions over the last 12 months and fans voted for the winners . The "  I Got a Boy " video features the nine members in a pink house and then moves to the girls gyrating in front of random settings . They intermittently have random English lyrics , but mostly sing in Korean . It 's not the group 's first foray into the United States , as the ladies appeared on the "  Late Show with David Letterman " and also "  Live ! With Kelly " last year . Artist of the Year went to rapper Eminem and the award ceremony , which was streamed live online , was hosted by actor Jason Schwartzman and musician Reggie Watts . The awards reflect the growing tendency for people to turn to the internet , rather than television or radio , for music and video . However , according to Variety magazine , at most 220,000 people watched the event online , a fraction of the 10.1 million who tuned in for the MTV Video and Music Awards in August .	South Korea 's Girls ' Generation wins year 's best video at YouTube awards The K-pop group beat Miley Cyrus , Justin Bieber and Lady Gaga The group is massively popular in Asia The inaugural YouTube awards were streamed online
Washington  CNN  -- The United States and Israel are discussing the possible release of Israeli spy Jonathan Pollard as part of efforts to save fragile Middle East peace negotiations , according to sources familiar with the talks . No decisions have been made about Pollard 's release , which the sources cautioned was far from certain and would need to be approved by President Barack Obama . Pollard 's possible release was being discussed as part of a broader agreement that had not been finalized . Talk of Pollard 's possible release came as Secretary of State John Kerry traveled to Israel Monday to try and mediate a dispute between Israel and the Palestinians over the release of Palestinian prisoners . In exchange for Pollard 's release , the sources said that Israel would have to make significant concessions to the Palestinians , which could include a settlement freeze , the release of additional prisoners beyond the current group in dispute and an agreement to continue peace negotiations beyond the end of April deadline . Pollard , a former U.S. intelligence analyst arrested and charged with spying for Israel , was convicted in 1987 and is currently serving out a life sentence in the United States . His imprisonment has been a source of tension between the U.S. and Israel . But with peace talks between Israel and the Palestinians faltering , his release is being considered as a possible incentive for Israeli concessions . Israel has in the past tried to link Pollard 's release to peace negotiations . Current and former U.S. officials and experts have suggested the United States government might tie his release to a comprehensive peace deal between the Israelis and Palestinians . Pollard is up for parole consideration in November 2015 , and the United States is running out of time to use his possible release as leverage with Israel . At the White House briefing Monday , Press Secretary Jay Carney said it is a "  complicated issue " and declined to "  get into details " about the negotiations . "  And with regards to Mr. Pollard , he is a person who was convicted of espionage and is serving his sentence , and I do n't have any update on his situation , " Carney said . But the fact the United States is willing to discuss his release before even a framework agreement has been reached between the parties shows the extraordinary efforts Washington is making to salvage the troubled negotiations . When asked about whether Pollard was a topic in Kerry 's talks with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu , State Department spokeswoman Jen Psaki said , "  Jonathan Pollard was convicted of espionage and is serving his sentence . I do not have any update for you on his status . " Kerry met Monday with Netanyahu and was expected to meet with Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas Tuesday . The negotiations , which began in July , have hit a snag over whether Israel will agree to release more than two dozen prisoners , including 14 Arab Israelis who Israel considers terrorists . They were scheduled to be freed on March 29 and now Palestinian negotiators are threatening to end the negotiations over the delay . Israel has already released three groups of prisoners , most of whom have served lengthy prison terms for attacks on Israelis , but this final release is especially contentious because it includes convicted murderers . Netanyahu has said he would seek approval for any further releases with his cabinet , which has been critical of the previous releases . Netanyahu has also said he would not release any more prisoners if President Abbas did not agree to continue negotiations and to stop threatening to seek recognition for Palestinians before international bodies .	Jonathan Pollard is serving a life sentence after a 1987 spying conviction The former U.S. intelligence analyst was convicted of spying for Israel Sources say the U.S. and Israel are discussing his possible release If that happened , it would be part of efforts to save fragile Middle East peace negotiations
CNN  -- A Pennsylvania man who walked into a gym aerobics class and opened fire , killing three women and wounding nine before turning the gun on himself , "  had a lot of hatred in him , " police said Wednesday . Pregnant aerobics instructor Mary Primis was teaching class when the gunman opened fire , critically injuring her . George Sodini , 48 , brought four handguns into the LA Fitness gym outside Pittsburgh and used three of them , firing at least 36 times around 8 p.m. Tuesday , Allegheny County Police Superintendent Charles Moffatt said . Sodini , a member of the gym , was found dead in the aerobics room , lying on top of one of his guns about seven feet from one of the victims . Authorities believe Sodini targeted the aerobics class , because a schedule was found in his home with that class circled , Moffatt said . But police do not believe he targeted anyone personally . An online diary , as well as notes at the scene and at his home , have led them to believe he was targeting women in general . Read an edited version of the diary  PDF In the note found at the scene in Sodini 's gym bag , he complains he had never spent a weekend with a woman , never vacationed with a woman and never lived with a woman , and that he had had limited sexual experiences , Moffatt said . He makes similar complaints in his online blog , which also documents his growing rage at women for rejecting him and at the world he felt had abandoned him . Witnesses told police the gunman was dressed in black when he entered the class , shut off the lights , walked about 10 feet and opened fire . Mary Primis , 26 , an aerobics instructor who is 10 weeks pregnant , was shot twice . "  I remember thinking I wanted to hold my breath because I was afraid , if he saw that I was breathing , he would shoot again , " she told CNN affiliate WPXI from her hospital bed . Asked if she thought she was going to die , she said , "  I was n't sure . " Her husband , Alex Primis , said she was shot once in the left shoulder and again through the back of her shoulder blade . This was to be her last week teaching before taking time off for her pregnancy , Primis said . Sodini apparently had "  practice runs " before the shooting Tuesday , Moffatt said . Someone at the gym had showed him how to shut off the lights , he said , not knowing his plans . "  He just had a lot of hatred in him , and he was hell bent on committing this act , " Moffatt said . Watch Moffatt describe contents of diary " Sodini worked as a systems analyst in the finance department of K&L Gates , a law firm with an office in Pittsburgh , since 1999 , Mike Rick , a spokesman for the firm , said . Neighbors described him as reclusive and said he had stopped talking to them in the past few years . On Tuesday , Sodini visited the gym three times -- the first about 11 a.m. , a second time at 7:40 p.m. and a third time at 7:56 p.m. , Moffatt said . Members of the gym are required to swipe a card to check in , but do not have to check out , he said . The first 911 call was dispatched at 8:16 p.m. Three of the four guns found with Sodini were traced back to him , and authorities are in the process of tracing the fourth , Moffatt said . They were two 9 mm semi-automatics , a .45 - caliber revolver and a .38 in his pocket . Sodini also had 30-round ammunition clips that were illegal before the assault weapons ban was lifted in 2004 , police said . Police know Sodini made a telephone call at 7:45 p.m. , and believe he may have left the gym to make it . Authorities are attempting to locate the person he contacted , Moffatt said . Sodini did not mention killing himself in the note found at the scene , which was mostly typed with handwritten notations , but did mention it in a handwritten note found at his home , Moffatt said . Police seized Sodini 's car for processing , but no guns were found in it , he said . They also seized his computer and were examining it . The shooting victims were taken to the three major hospitals in the area . Moffatt said he believed none of those who remained hospitalized Wednesday had life-threatening injuries . County officials said counselors were being made available to area residents in the wake of the shooting . Police spoke to a pastor mentioned on Sodini 's online diary . The man said Sodini attended his church but stopped in 2006 , and that there was a minor incident involving a woman who felt "  he was paying too much attention to her , " Moffatt said . The pastor spoke to Sodini , and it stopped , he said . Moffatt said police have no knowledge of any mental health issues involving Sodini , but are still puzzled at the violence . "  I ca n't ever make sense of murders , " he said . CNN 's Susan Candiotti contributed to this report .	NEW : Police find gym schedule with class circled in gunman 's home NEW : Notes , diary indicate gym shooter was targeting women in general Gym member George Sodini , 48 , talks about his hatred of women in note Shooting at LA Fitness leaves three women and shooter dead , police say
CNN  -- Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan said the United States is "  lacking of initiative " on Syria and suggested that could be because of the upcoming U.S. election . During a wide-ranging interview in Istanbul with CNN 's Christiane Amanpour , Erdogan discussed the 18-month crisis in Syria and touched on a number of other topics , including Iran 's suspected nuclear program . "  Right now , there are certain things being expected from the United States . The United States had not yet catered to those expectations , " the prime minister said when asked whether he was surprised the United States is not offering anything but "  nonlethal support " to the Syrian opposition . "  Maybe it 's because of the elections -- maybe it 's because of the pre-election situation in the States . Might be the root cause of the lacking of initiative . Nobody has spoken to us about their reasons , and they are not obliged to state anything . We are very thankful and pleased they have stated that they 're against this regime , " he said through a translator . Erdogan has been prime minister since 2003 . The leader of a political movement with Islamist roots , he established himself as an influential voice and a power broker across the region . He has gained popularity in the Arab world , as well as in Turkey , for his criticism of Israel 's actions in the Palestinian territory of Gaza . He has taken a strong stand against Syrian President Bashar al-Assad 's regime , hosting opposition leaders and refugees from Syria . Erdogan has called on the U.N. Security Council to declare a no-fly zone along the Turkey-Syria border . Turkey hardens military position after Syria downs jet So far , about 80,000 Syrian refugees have sought sanctuary in Turkey . Ankara has also hosted groups opposed to al-Assad , and is a vital transport route for opposition fighters and weapons into Syria . When asked what he thought the biggest danger to Turkey was , Erdogan reinforced what Western nations have been saying about weapons of mass destruction . "  Well , the biggest danger , not only for Turkey but for the entire region and the world is ... the employment of weapons of mass destruction and chemical ones , of course . If a slightest suggestion of such an attempt should emerge , not only in Turkey , but the attitude of the entire globe is going to change forever , " he said . Syria 's foreign ministry has said the country has chemical or biological weapons , but would never use them against its citizens -- only against foreign attackers . The statement drew harsh condemnation from world leaders , including U.S. President Barack Obama , who said the Syrian government would risk crossing a "  red line " and invite U.S. military intervention if it uses chemical weapons . Obama is running for re-election in November . Switching gears to talk about Iran 's suspected nuclear program , Erdogan said he does not believe Israel will launch a full-scale attack against Tehran . The United States and other Western powers suspect Iran 's announced development of nuclear fuel masks efforts to build a nuclear bomb . Iran insists it is producing enriched uranium only for peaceful purposes , to fuel civilian power plants and medical reactors , and it has refused U.N. Security Council demands to halt that work . "  I do not believe Israel will attack Iran in the fashion that you described in your question . It 's a very null probability . Otherwise  that  would have caused an apocalypse in the entire region , " Erdogan said . "  But I 'm sure that I do n't want to see anything like that happening in the region because in this day and age , that region needs peace and prosperity and stability . " Turkey 's energy maneuvers	CNN 's Christiane Amanpour interviews the Turkish prime minister in Istanbul Erdogan talks about the crisis in Syria , Iran 's suspected nuclear program American "  elections ... might be the root cause of the lacking of initiative , " he says
RIO DE JANEIRO , Brazil  CNN  -- Thousands of people celebrated Friday on crowded Copacabana beach as the announcement that Brazil had been chosen as the 2016 Olympics host played live over huge screens erected above the sand . Thousands packed Copacabana beach in Rio de Janeiro after the city learned it will host the Olympics . "  It was a fantastic victory . We beat the big cities . Passion talked louder , " said one man as he danced to live samba music in front of the stage . Rio de Janeiro beat out Chicago , Tokyo and Madrid to become the first South American city to host the Games , something President Luis Inacio Lula da Silva made clear during his pitch to the International Olympic Committee . "  It is a time to address this imbalance , " he told committee members making the selection in Copenhagen , Denmark . "  It is time to light the Olympic cauldron in a tropical country . " Happiness was a big part of Rio 's pitch after it was voted the happiest city in the world by Forbes magazine . On Friday , thousands of people piled onto the beach wearing green and yellow , many with the Brazilian flag painted on their faces . Exuberant Rio de Janeiro is first South American city to host Olympics " "  I thought that more than to the people , we owe this victory to our President Lula , " said a woman wearing little more than a bikini . Rio also won points with an ambitious budget and new venues like the Joao Havelange Stadium , which opened for the 2007 Pan American Games . Rio 's jaw-dropping natural beauty helped the city pull ahead of the competition . "  Rio is full of all things quintessentially Brazilian : sun , sand , soccer , samba , sensuality , " the editorial director of Fodor 's Travel , Laura Kidder , wrote in an e-mail . "  In Rio , it 's about taking each day as it comes and living life to the fullest . " Erik Torkells , editor for TripAdvisor , the world 's largest online travel community , also praised the city for its social scene before the selection was made . "  If the Olympic Committee wanted to be sure everyone had a good time , they 'd go to Rio , " Torkells said . The selection also had its critics in Brazil . "  I do n't think it 's appropriate considering what our country is going through , " said Orlando Pinto , a social worker . "  We do n't have good health services , education ; we have transportation problems , housing problems , crime problems . " Security and traffic remain enormous challenges to overcome in Rio de Janeiro . But it was all celebration on Friday as crowds continued to stream onto the beach after the announcement was made .	Thousands celebrate Rio de Janeiro win at Copacabana beach "  We owe this victory to our President Lula , " woman at celebration says Rio de Janeiro offered ambitious budget and new venues City also emphasized that Olympics have never been held in South America
CNN  -- A new audio recording released online Monday purportedly captures another profanity-laced argument between actor Mel Gibson and former girlfriend Oksana Grigorieva , in which he threatens her life and verbally abuses her . RadarOnline released the audio on its website Monday -- the second such recording since another tirade was posted Friday . The site claims the male voice is that of the 54-year-old Gibson . CNN has not independently confirmed the authenticity of the recording . In the audio released Monday , the man on the recording can be heard repeatedly using sexual slurs and profane insults as he grows increasingly enraged throughout the phone conversation . At one point , the man says , "  What , what are you threatening me ? " after the woman tells him he is "  going to answer " for an alleged physical assault against her in which her teeth were broken . "  I 'll threaten , " the man says . "  I 'll put you in the f *** ing rose garden . " The man also says of the alleged assault : "  You got what you f *** ing deserved . " In the recording released Friday , the man launches into a racist , sexist rant against the woman , telling her she looks "  like a f *** ing b **** on heat and if you get raped by a pack of n *** ers it will be your fault . " It 's unclear when either audio recording was captured . Grigorieva , 40 , said the female voice on the recordings is hers and that the other voice is Gibson 's . CNN 's efforts to obtain comment from Gibson have been unsuccessful . Gibson 's longtime publicist , Alan Nierob , said Friday , "  We ca n't comment due to legal nature of the matter . " Also Friday , the William Morris Endeavor talent agency confirmed to CNN that Gibson is no longer their client . Gibson has been caught in a custody dispute with Grigorieva over the couple 's 8-month-old daughter . Last week , the Malibu Hills Police Department opened an investigation into an alleged domestic violence dispute between Gibson and Grigorieva . Grigorieva filed a restraining order against Gibson alleging that the actor and director struck her in the face , according to her spokesman , Stephen Jaffe . Police said last week that they are still in the process of gathering information surrounding Grigorieva 's allegations . Grigorieva has spoken with sheriff 's deputies and has provided a statement to them in their domestic violence investigation , Jaffe told CNN Friday . The publicist said Grigorieva did not initiate the investigation . The recordings "  will be part of the investigation , " Los Angeles County Sheriff spokesman Steve Whitmore said on Monday . It is not known how RadarOnline obtained the recordings . Jaffe said Friday that the site did not receive them from Grigorieva . She "  absolutely did not provide any tape to the media , " he said . Gibson came under fire for a racially charged tirade in 2006 , when he admitted to making anti-Semitic remarks during a drunken driving arrest . He issued an apology at the time , and appealed to the Jewish community to help him recover from his alcohol addiction .	Recording purportedly captures fight between actor and ex-girlfriend Site says male voice is that of Mel Gibson Monday 's audio clip is second to be released in four days Police investigating domestic violence allegations against Gibson
CNN  -- Tyler Doohan , the 8-year-old upstate New York boy who rescued six relatives from a fire but died while trying to save his grandfather , will be laid to rest Wednesday with a ceremony and honor befitting a fallen firefighter , according to local fire officials . Penfield Fire Company has kept an honor guard standing by the remains of the boy during calling hours since Monday , and at the end of a church service on Wednesday , Penfield Fire Chief Chris Ebmeyer will declare Tyler an honorary firefighter and present his family with a special fire helmet inscribed with the boy 's name . "  The young man acted with a lot of courage and bravery to try to rescue his grandfather after rescuing other members of his family , " Ebmeyer said . "  He showed valor and strength , and paid the ultimate sacrifice . " Ebmeyer said he received calls from fire departments from Maine to California , saying something should be done to honor Tyler . At the service , firefighters from multiple fire departments will stand at attention in formal "  Class A " dress uniforms with bagpipers playing -- the hallmarks of a traditional firefighter 's funeral , Ebmeyer said . There will be no funeral procession at the family 's request . "  We want to honor him in a way family and friends will remember and look at him as a hero , " Ebmeyer said . "  He should be looked at as going above and beyond , even putting his life in danger ... This is what firefighters do . " Tyler , an East Rochester resident , was staying at the home of relatives in Penfield on January 19 when he noticed a fire in the single-wide trailer , officials said . As firefighters and sheriff 's deputies responded to a 4:45 a.m. emergency call , Tyler was able to wake six other people in the small trailer , including two more children , ages 4 and 6 , the fire officials said . Then Tyler went back into the blaze to help his grandfather , who was disabled and would have been unable to get out of the home on his own . "  By that time , the fire had traveled to the back of the trailer , " Ebmeyer said at the time . "  Unfortunately , they both succumbed to heat and smoke . " The pair were found together on a bed in the back room . It appeared that the boy was trying to lift his grandfather from the bed when he was overcome by the smoke and fire , fire officials said . The funeral Mass will take place at 10 a.m. Wednesday at St. John of Rochester Catholic Church in Fairport .	Tyler Doohan , 8 , saved six relatives from fire He died trying to save his grandfather He will be laid to rest Wednesday in ceremony befitting a fallen firefighter
