Damascus , Syria  CNN  -- Concern about the possibility of broader war in the Middle East grew Monday after reported airstrikes on Syrian military installations . The reported strikes killed 42 Syrian soldiers , the opposition Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said Monday , citing medical sources . It said 100 people remained missing . The Syrian government warned Sunday 's apparent strikes -- which followed one last week that Syria also blames on Israel -- "  opens the door wide for all the possibilities . " Syrian ally Iran warned of a "  crushing response " while Russia called reports of Israeli involvement "  very worrying . " But an Israeli general who commands forces on the Syrian border said "  there are no winds of war , " according to the Israel Defense Forces website . The heightened tensions come amid questions over possible chemical weapon use in Syria and international debate over how to respond to the country 's bloody civil war , in which more than 70,000 people have died in more than two years of fighting . On Monday , a U.N. official spoke of strong suspicions that rebels , not Syrian government forces , have used chemical weapons . Details of reported strikes Syria claimed Israeli missiles struck at its military facilities on Sunday . According to the state-run SANA news agency , Israeli missiles struck a research center in Jamraya , a facility in Maysaloun and what the news agency described as a "  paragliding airport " near Damascus . "  The Israeli terrorist aggressions on the Syrian territories have left no room for hesitation , weakness , self-dissociation or silence as Syria would not forgive us all if we hesitated in defending it , " SANA reported Syrian Prime Minister Wael al-Halqi as saying . The blasts prompted terrified residents nearby to run for cover . "  Everything kept exploding over and over again , " said Anna Deeb , whose family lives just over a mile away . "  We could hear gunshots , we could hear people screaming . ... We did n't know what to do , and there was a problem with us breathing because the smoke was too much . " Syria says the attack followed another Israeli airstrike late last week . Israel has not confirmed or denied that its forces were involved in any attacks inside Syria , but a U.S. official told CNN 's Barbara Starr on Monday that Israeli forces conducted Sunday 's strike , as well as one last week . Sunday 's strike targeted a research facility in a mountainous area near Damascus and weapons that were to be transferred to Hezbollah , according to the source . The earlier strike , which U.S. officials had previously said happened Thursday or Friday , targeted Fateh 110 missiles stored at the Damascus airport , the source said . SANA reported that the allegation of weapons transfers was false . And Syrian Deputy Foreign Minister Faisal al-Mekdad told CNN the attacks amount to a declaration of war by Israel . "  The details are not clear on what happened , " al-Mekdad told CNN . "  Did they fire missiles ? ... It is not clear for me , because I do n't know how it happened , and of course it is worrying , but Israel will suffer the same . " ` Watching everything ' While Israel has not acknowledged responsibility for the attacks , the country has long said it would target any transfer of weapons to Hezbollah or other terrorist groups . "  We are watching everything when it comes to the movement of these types of weapons . We have the means to do that , " a senior Israeli defense official told CNN 's Sara Sidner on Sunday . The official is not authorized to speak to the media . Shaul Mofaz , a lawmaker in Israel 's Knesset , told Israeli Army Radio on Sunday that Israel is n't meddling with Syria 's civil war . But Israel must protect itself from Lebanese militants , he said . "  For Israel , it is very important that the front group for Iran , which is in Lebanon , needs to be stopped , " Mofaz said . International response Hezbollah did not immediately comment after Sunday 's claims . Iran said it will stand by Syria , "  and if there is need for training , we will provide them with necessary training , " Brig. Gen. Ahmad-Reza Pourdastan , commander of the Iranian Army 's Ground Forces , told reporters Sunday . Iranian Foreign Ministry spokesman Ramin Mehmanparast said he had no doubt Syria and its allies will "  give a crushing response to the aggressions of the Zionists , " the state-run IRNA news agency reported . Russia also weighed in Monday , with a Foreign Ministry spokesman calling the reports of Israeli strikes "  very worrying . " "  Any intensification of military confrontation greatly increases the risks of creating hotbeds of tension aside from Syria , in Lebanon , and also destabilizing the Israeli-Lebanese border , which has so far remained relatively calm , " ministry spokesman Alexander Lukashevich said Monday . But Israeli Maj. Gen. Yair Golan indicated war is not imminent , according to the IDF 's website . "  There are no winds of war , " said Golan , who is in charge of the Northern Command . Two rockets fired from inside Syria fell into the Golan Heights , the IDF said in a tweet . The military said the rockets were "  fired erroneously as a byproduct of internal conflict in Syria . " NATO Secretary General Anders Fogh Rasmussen told reporters Monday that the alliance had no information on the reported airstrikes , but said the alliance remains concerned about the possibility that the conflict could spread beyond Syria 's borders . "  It 's not a new concern that for quite some time we have expressed concerned of the risk of spillover of this conflict , " he said . Chemical weapons reports The tensions have been worsened by conflicting reports on the possible use of chemical weapons in Syria . On Monday , a U.N. official said evidence points to the use of the deadly nerve agent sarin by Syrian rebel forces . Carla Del Ponte told an Italian-Swiss TV station that the findings come after interviews with doctors and Syrian victims now in neighboring countries . Del Ponte , the commissioner of the U.N. Independent International Commission of Inquiry for Syria , said the notion is n't surprising , given the infiltration of foreign fighters into the Syrian opposition . Later , the commission issued a press release saying it "  has not reached conclusive findings as to the use of chemical weapons in Syria by any parties to the conflict . " Therefore , "  the commission is not in a position to further comment on the allegations at this time , " the statement said . The Syrian Coalition released a statement in response to Del Ponte 's comments , condemning the use of chemical weapons and stressing that it will continue to conduct its own investigations . "  The Syrian Coalition will take all necessary legal measures in case the investigation reveals parties other than Assad 's regime have used chemical weapons , " it said . A U.S. State Department official told CNN that the United States does not have information suggesting that rebels have "  either the capability or the intent to deploy or use such weapons . " But , the source said , the "  facts are not complete " and efforts to obtain more information are ongoing . Rebel Free Syrian Army spokesman Louay Almokdad said rebels do n't have unconventional weapons , nor do they want any . "  In any case , we do n't have the mechanism to launch these kinds of weapons , which would need missiles that can carry chemical warheads , and we in the FSA do not possess these kind of capabilities , " Almokdad said . "  More importantly , we do not aspire to have  chemical weapons  because we view our battle with the regime as a battle for the establishment of a free democratic state . ... We want to build a free democratic state that recognizes and abides by all international accords and agreements -- and chemical and biological warfare is something forbidden legally and internationally . " Intelligence claims The claim of rebels using sarin gas comes after months of suspicions that the Syrian regime has used the same nerve agent against rebels . Last week , the United States said its intelligence analysts had concluded "  with varying degrees of confidence " that chemical weapons had been used in Syria and that the regime of President Bashar al-Assad was the likely culprit . In April , the head of Israeli military 's intelligence research said the Syrian government is using chemical weapons against rebel forces . "  In all likelihood they used sarin gas , " Brig. Gen. Itai Brun said . The Free Syrian Army 's chief of staff has also said the Syrian regime has used sarin in cities such as Homs , Aleppo and Otaiba , outside Damascus . "  We took some samples of the soil and of blood . The injured people were observed by doctors , and the samples were tested , and it was very clear that the regime used chemical weapons , " Gen. Salim Idriss told CNN 's Christiane Amanpour last month . Sarin gas can be hard to detect because it is colorless , odorless and tasteless . But it can cause severe injuries to those exposed to it , including blurred vision , convulsions , paralysis and death . Why Syria matters The Syrian civil war has pitted rebel fighters against the regime run by al-Assad , whose family has ruled the country for four decades . Syria matters to Iran because it is believed to be the main conduit to the Shiite militia Hezbollah in Lebanon , the proxy through which Iran can threaten Israel with an arsenal of short-range missiles . In 2009 , the top U.S. diplomat in Damascus disclosed that Syria had begun delivery of ballistic missiles to Hezbollah , according to official cables leaked to and published by WikiLeaks . The last thing Iran wants is a Sunni-dominated Syria -- especially as the Syrian rebels ' main supporters are Iran 's Persian Gulf rivals : Qatar and Saudi Arabia . Hezbollah 's feared scenario is Israel on one side and a hostile Sunni-led Syria on the other . CNN 's Frederik Pleitgen reported from Damascus ; Sara Sidner reported from Jerusalem ; and Hada Messia reported from Rome . CNN 's Schams Elwazer , Tim Lister , Holly Yan , Samira Said , Jill Dougherty , Hamdi Alkhshali and Tracy Doueiry contributed to this report .	NEW : Syrian prime minister : Israeli "  aggressions ... have left no room for hesitation " There is no information suggesting rebel use of sarin , a State Department official says Israel conducted airstrikes in Syria on Sunday and last week , a U.S. official tells CNN Reports of Israeli strikes are "  very worrying , " the Russian Foreign Ministry says
CNN  -- Humanitarian organizations have been unable to meet the "  massive needs " of civilians facing brutal attacks in northeastern Democratic Republic of the Congo , a medical aid group said Wednesday . Hundreds of thousands of Congolese have been displaced by years of violence in the region . Extreme violence against civilians is spreading from Haut-Uele into Bas-Uele , as well as into neighboring southern Sudan and eastern Central African Republic , according to the international humanitarian organization Medecins Sans Frontieres  Doctors Without Borders  . The civilian population in that region has been the target of attacks by the Ugandan rebel group the Lord 's Resistance Army , known as LRA , and the Ugandan and Congolese offensive against the LRA , the doctors organization said in a news release . Hundreds of thousands of civilians have fled . The organization said it has more than 150 people working in the Haut-Uele and Bas-Uele districts , where it has provided help to about 16,000 displaced people and treated thousands of patients . "  The local population is the target of violence : murder , kidnapping and sexual abuse , " said Luis Encinas , coordinator of Medecins Sans Frontieres operations in Central Africa . "  We are talking about tactics of violence aimed at instilling fear in the people . Our patients have told us the most brutal stories -- about children who are forced to kill their parents and people burnt alive inside their homes . " To the south , a joint operation has been waged since January by the Congolese army and Rwandan troops against the Rwandan Hutu militia Democratic Liberation Forces of Rwanda . On Tuesday , 84 humanitarian and human rights groups in the Congo Advocacy Coalition spoke out against the operation in eastern Congo , known as Kimia II and backed by U.N. peacekeepers since March . The operation has resulted in an "  unacceptable cost " for the civilian population , the coalition said . Since the action began , more than 1,000 civilians have been killed and 7,000 women and girls have been raped , the coalition said . Some of the militia leaders participated in the genocide in Rwanda in 1994 , member groups said in a report on the Human Rights Watch Web site . Sexual violence has grown increasingly brutal in the Kimia II operation , one observer said . "  We 're seeing more cases of mutilation , extreme violence and torture in sexual violence cases against women and girls , and many more of the victims are children , " said Immaculee Birhaheka of Promotion et Appui aux Initiatives Feminines  Promotion and Support of Women 's Initiatives  . More than 6,000 homes have been burned down in the provinces of North and South Kivu , the coalition said . Nearly 900,000 people have been forced to flee their homes and live in desperate conditions with host families , in forests or in displacement camps with limited access to food and medicine , it said . The American Association for the Advancement of Science says satellite imagery shows that in Busurungi , one of the main towns in North Kivu , and the surrounding 100 square kilometers  about 260 square miles  , 1,494 homes and structures have been destroyed , some as recently as September . That is a destruction rate of about 80 percent . U.N. peacekeepers have provided millions of dollars worth in tactical expertise , transport and aviation support , food rations , fuel and medical supplies to Congolese army soldiers . "  Despite such support , U.N. peacekeepers have not used their leverage to get the government to remove commanders with known track records of human rights abuses from participating in the operations , " the coalition said . "  The human rights and humanitarian consequences of the current military operation are simply disastrous , " said Marcel Stoessel of Oxfam , a coalition member . "  U.N. peacekeepers , who have a mandate to protect civilians , urgently need to work with government forces to make sure civilians get the protection they need , or discontinue their support , " he said . According to the coalition , 3,000 additional U.N. peacekeepers authorized by the U.N. Security Council in November are just arriving , and helicopters and other support has not materialized . After the Rwandan and Congolese governments began their joint campaign against the Democratic Liberation Forces of Rwanda , "  no provisions were made for the protection of civilians , despite the FDLR 's long and brutal track record of attacking defenseless communities when provoked , " said John Prendergast , co-founder of the Enough Project . Enough , a project of the Center for American Progress , works to end genocide and crimes against humanity .	Rebel groups target civilians in northeastern section of country Violence spreading into Sudan , Central African Republic Humanitarian groups speak out against joint military operation U.N. peacekeepers are urged to do more
CNN  -- Robin Williams -- who first made America laugh and eventually touched "  every element of the human spirit " in a remarkable range of performances -- died at his Northern California home Monday . Williams apparently took his own life , law enforcement officials said . He was 63 . "  He has been battling severe depression of late , " his media representative Mara Buxbaum told CNN . "  This is a tragic and sudden loss . The family respectfully asks for their privacy as they grieve during this very difficult time . " Coroner investigators suspect "  the death to be a suicide due to asphyxia , " according to a statement from the Marin County , California , Sheriff 's Office . Williams married graphic designer Susan Schneider in Napa Valley , California , ceremony in October 2011 . "  This morning , I lost my husband and my best friend , while the world lost one of its most beloved artists and beautiful human beings . I am utterly heartbroken , " Schneider said . "  On behalf of Robin 's family , we are asking for privacy during our time of profound grief . As he is remembered , it is our hope the focus will not be on Robin 's death , but on the countless moments of joy and laughter he gave to millions . " Word of Williams ' death stunned the entertainment community and beyond Monday . President Barack Obama 's statement sent from the White House summed it up : "  Robin Williams was an airman , a doctor , a genie , a nanny , a president , a professor , a bangarang Peter Pan , and everything in between . But he was one of a kind . He arrived in our lives as an alien -- but he ended up touching every element of the human spirit . He made us laugh . He made us cry . He gave his immeasurable talent freely and generously to those who needed it most -- from our troops stationed abroad to the marginalized on our own streets . " Comedian Steve Martin tweeted , "  I could not be more stunned by the loss of Robin Williams , mensch , great talent , acting partner , genuine soul . " Former CNN host Larry King said he would remember Williams as "  a genuine caring guy . Not just a funny man , but a guy who cared about people . " Marin County deputies responded to an emergency call from Williams ' home in unincorporated Tiburon , California , at 11:55 a.m. , reporting "  a male adult had been located unconscious and not breathing , " the release from the sheriff said . Williams was pronounced dead at 12:02 p.m. , it said . Williams was last seen alive at his home , where he lives with his wife , at about 10 p.m. Sunday , the sheriff 's statement said . "  An investigation into the cause , manner and circumstances of the death is currently underway by the Investigations and Coroner Divisions of the Sheriff 's Office , " the sheriff 's statement said . "  Coroner Division suspects the death to be a suicide due to asphyxia , but a comprehensive investigation must be completed before a final determination is made . " An autopsy is scheduled for Tuesday , the sheriff said . Williams made at least two trips to rehab for drug treatment , including a visit this summer , and he underwent heart surgery in 2009 . Williams , born in Chicago on July 21 , 1951 , studied theater at Juilliard School before taking his stand up act to nightclubs . He was cast as Mork , an alien visitor to Earth , for a 1978 episode of television 's "  Happy Days . " "  Happy Days " star Henry Winkler said it was "  unimaginable that this is the reality today , that this incredible human being , incredible , delicate , funny , dramatic human being is gone . " Winkler said he "  realized I was in the presence of greatness " at Williams ' first rehearsal as Mork . "  I just realized my only job is to keep a straight face , " said Winkler , who played "  The Fonz . " "  And it was impossible . Because no matter what you said to him , no matter what line you gave to him , he took it in , processed it , and then it flew out of his mouth , never the same way twice . And it was incredibly funny every time . " The role led to the spin-off show "  Mork & Mindy , " which showcased Williams ' usual comic improvisation talents . He proved his dramatic acting skills in "  Good Will Hunting , " a 1997 film that earned him a best supporting actor Oscar . His memorable movies over the past three decades includes "  Good Morning , Vietnam , " "  Dead Poets Society , " "  Mrs. Doubtfire " and "  The Birdcage . " The list is much longer . Williams credited the influence of Jonathan Winters ' comic irreverence and quirky characters as a great influence on his comedy . The connection between the two was completed when Winters was cast as Williams ' son on "  Mork & Mindy . " When Winters died in 2013 , Williams said he was "  my idol , then he was my mentor and amazing friend . " He tweeted that Winters was his "  Comedy Buddha . " "  Mork & Mindy " co-star Pam Dawber simply said "  I am completely and totally devastated . What more can be said ? " WIlliams and Dawber reunited on TV earlier this year on an episode of the CBS comedy "  The Crazy Ones . " Williams ' fans can look forward to four more movie appearances coming to theaters , including another installment in the "  Night at the Museum " franchise . The film , set for a December release , has Williams reprising the Teddy Roosevelt role he delivered in the first two comedies . Share your memories of Robin Williams See more comedy content at CNN Comedy . CNN 's Travis Sattiewhite , Rachel Wells and Carolyn Sung contributed to this report .	NEW : President Barack Obama says Robin Williams "  was one of a kind " "  He has been battling severe depression of late , " his rep says Williams was last seen alive at his home , where he lives with his wife , about 10 p.m. Sunday Williams underwent rehab drug treatment at least twice , including this summer
CNN  -- Zlatan Ibrahimovic upstaged Lionel Messi as Barcelona edged past lowly Osasuna with a 2-0 victory to go top of Spain 's La Liga . All the recent focus has been on Argentina striker Messi who came into the match on the back of two successive league hat-tricks . But Josep Guardiola 's men were made to work hard by Osasuna and were thankful to their Swedish forward Ibrahimovic who broke the deadlock on 73 minutes . Teenager Bojan Krkic added a late second to seal the game . Blog : Is Messi better than Maradona ? The result takes Barcelona three points clear of rivals Real Madrid at the top of the league but Real can regain first place if they beat Getafe on Thursday . Elsewhere , Valencia moved clear in fourth after David Villa 's goal was enough to see off Malaga . Mallorca failed to keep pace with Valencia after they drew 0-0 at Racing Santander . A late goal from Guiseppe Rossi salvaged a point for Villarreal at Tenerife while Kalu Uche 's goal handed Almeria a 1-0 win over Real Zaragoza . Vallodolid and Espanyol each had a man sent off as they drew 0-0 . In Italy , league leaders Inter Milan moved four points clear at the top of the table after a 3-0 win over Livorno . Cameroon striker Samuel Eto'o grabbed two goals while Maicon added the other . AC Milan dropped down to third after they were beaten 1-0 at Parma . Valeri Bojinov got the only goal of the game before Milan 's Andrea Pirlo was sent off . AS Roma took advantage of Milan 's slip by winning 2-0 at Bologna to go second . John Arne Riise and Julio Baptista got on the scoresheet . Palermo drew 2-2 at Genoa and stay fourth , Sampdoria were beaten 2-1 at Bari while Giuseppe Mascara 's strike was enough for Catania to beat Fiorentina . Lazio grabbed a much-needed victory over Siena , Atalanta beat Cagliari 3-1 at home and Udinese and Chievo drew 0-0 .	Barcelona beat Osasuna 2-0 to go top of Spain 's La Liga Zlatan Ibrahimovic and Bojan Krkic got the goals for Barca Samuel Eto'o scored twice as Inter Milan beat Livorno 3-0 AC Milan were beaten 1-0 at Parma
Dallas , Texas  CNN  -- When Leo Manzano won second place in the 1,500-meters final at the Olympics , he celebrated his well-deserved victory by waving two flags , that of the United States and Mexico . He has every right to do so : After all , he has dual citizenship for both countries . Some observers disagree with Manzano 's action . On CNN.com , Ruben Navarrette voiced his concerns that Manzano was showing disloyalty to the United States even while he 's wearing the USA jersey . Opinion : U.S. Olympic athlete , Mexican flag ? Judging by the volume of comments in response to Navarrette 's opinion , one would think that Manzano had committed treason . One reader wrote , "  He is pathetic . ... Go back to Mexico . You 're either American OR NOT !! " OK , calm down . Let 's not get too worked up here . Navarrette was right when he said that "  it 's all about context . " Like him , I personally do n't like Mexican-Americans or undocumented Mexicans waving Mexican flags protesting in the United States . But keep in mind , we live in America : a country where one can voice an opinion , however different it might be . We live in a land that has freedom of speech . But I believe Navarrette missed the larger point . Manzano is not Mexican-American but was born a Mexican and became an American . There is a reason one can have dual citizenship ; it means that one can have an allegiance for two countries . There is no conflict of interest . If governments can approve of dual citizenship , why ca n't individuals embrace it ? Navarrette asked : "  Where were the Italian-American athletes waving the Italian flag , or the Irish-Americans waving the Irish flag ? " Maybe we do n't have that because Italian and Irish families emigrated to the United States much earlier and their ties may not be as strong to their motherland . Also , they are too far away from Europe . However , Mexico is so close to the United States that Manzano , or any other Mexican or Mexican-American , can just drive their car across the border . Those people with Italian or Irish lineage ca n't just drive home : There 's too much water along the way , much more water than the Rio Grande . I found it interesting that Navarrette would say that most Mexican-Americans he knows "  would need a whole team of therapists to sort out their views on culture , national identity , ethnic pride and their relationship with Mother Mexico . " I do n't see that , though I think some of my fellow Mexican-Americans need therapists for other reasons . Navarrette also thinks that Mexican-Americans are "  the orphans of the Southwest -- too Mexican for the Americans , too American for the Mexicans . " I have heard this before . Maybe it 's just me , but I would n't need to see a therapist to accept being a second-generation Mexican-American and embrace the culture of my grandparents . I am bilingual , bicultural and have two addresses : Dallas , Texas , and Mexico City . I have affinity for both the United States and Mexico , and that 's perfectly fine . In this increasingly global world we live in , do n't we have an appreciation for people who do not forget where they came from ? When I am in Mexico City , I certainly never forget that I am also an American . On the Fourth of July , for example , I once had a party that included American flags , hot dogs and hamburgers in order to educate my Mexican friends about American culture . No one made a big deal about it . When I posted Navarrette 's commentary about Manzano on my Facebook page , the reactions were not in Navarrette 's favor . My friends , mostly Mexican-Americans and Mexicans , looked at Manzano 's victory lap in a positive light . They know that Manzano was representing the United States and never doubted his devotion to the country that took him and his family in during hours of need . It 's just that , in a moment of pride , Manzano wanted the world to know that he did n't forget his heritage . As one friend aptly put it , "  Identity , like borders , is porous and negotiable . " I like this statement because even though I was born and raised in Dallas , I have no problem crossing borders , loving both Dallas and Mexico City . If I am ever recognized in Mexico for any of my accomplishments , I will not hesitate to wear my U.S. flag in honor of my country . Sure , the Olympics are a different story . The whole world is watching . While Olympic athletes should always rally behind their team , it does not mean they have to subsume their individuality . We should admire individuals for their hard work and respect their decisions in how they wish to be recognized . Manzano wanted to thank the United States and also acknowledge Mexico , the land of his forefathers . As I see the image of Manzano running with two flags and embracing his dual citizenship , I sense no insolence . He did n't take off his USA jersey ; the Mexican flag is not prominently hanging over his head , it 's only dangling as some sort of secondary thought . It is clear he loves his adopted country . Viva to Manzano for being proud of who he is : someone who is American , but also has a part of Mexico in him . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jesús Chairez .	Jesús Chairez : Leo Manzano has a right to wave two flags in his victory lap at the Olympics Chairez : Manzano has dual citizenship for the U.S. and Mexico He says Manzano wanted the world to know that he did n't forget his heritage Chairez : There is no doubt that Manzano loves America , his adopted country
American lawyers have never been accused of lacking creativity in seeking to justify the nefarious deeds of their clients . Texas defense attorney Scott Brown , however , appears to have raised the bar to a new level by asserting the newly minted defense of "  affluenza " to obtain leniency in a tragic vehicular homicide case arising out of the reckless driving of his very drunk and very rich 16-year-old client , Ethan Couch . Affluenza may be a contender for a collection of odd and unlikely defenses that can trace their lineage back to the infamous  and some even say apocryphal  "  Twinkie defense . " The notorious junk food defense was asserted in psychiatric testimony as part of a broad claim of diminished capacity caused by depression with at least some success in the 1979 trial of Supervisor Dan White for the assassination of San Francisco Mayor George Moscone and Supervisor Harvey Milk . Although White was charged with murder , the jury found him guilty of the lesser charge of manslaughter . The current claim in Fort Worth , Texas , is that the condition of affluenza , a combination of the words "  affluence " and "  influenza " should immunize Ethan Couch from full responsibility for his actions in killing four people and critically injuring two others . The Oxford Dictionary defines the condition as "  a psychological malaise supposedly affecting young people , symptoms of which include a lack of motivation , feelings of guilt , and a sense of isolation . " Defense attorney Brown apparently succeeded in convincing soon-to-be retired juvenile Judge Jean Boyd that this spoiled rich kid syndrome diminished Ethan Couch 's capacity to distinguish right from wrong . ` Affluenza ' : Is it real ? In the face of prosecution demands for 20 years in the slammer , the judge responded with a sentence of 10 years of probation and rehabilitation . Couch 's rich daddy proposes to fund a trip to a $ 450,000 a year California rehab facility that offers treatment to those with way too much cash and free time on their manicured hands . I wish I was kidding about this , but I am not . Defense psychologist Dr. G. Dick Miller testified that poor Ethan Couch was never properly disciplined by his wealthy parents , eventually driving at age 13 , abusing alcohol , and coming to believe that money could buy him out of pretty much any situation where he hurt someone . Affluenza , the shrink suggests , diminished Ethan 's capacity to obey the law and tragic consequences followed . Miller 's offensive analysis fails to explain why this strange condition is not mentioned in the diagnostic bible of the psychiatric profession , the DSM-5 and its predecessor volumes . Rich kid syndrome , or the more succinct label affluenza , seems to be made of the same empty calories that made the Twinkie defense so offensive to the public at the time it was served up in a 1970s San Francisco courtroom . The facts of the case are as disturbing as one can imagine in a criminal prosecution . A night that would end in manslaughter and mayhem began with Couch and his friends stealing beer from a Walmart and then jumping into his flatbed Ford . Then an intoxicated Ethan Couch recklessly drove the truck at 70 mph in a 40 mph zone and smashed into the four helpless victims , ending their lives and shattering the lives of their families . Opinion : All the injustice money can buy When Couch 's Ford F-350 truck finally stopped , the carnage was stunning . The young driver , whose blood-alcohol level tested at three times the legal limit  .24  , had snuffed out the lives of Brian Jennings , a 43-year-old youth pastor ; Shelby Boyles , 21 , and her 52-year-old mother , Hollie Boyles ; as well as 24-year-old Breanna Mitchell . Two of the seven teens who were riding in Couch 's truck were also critically injured . One of them , Sergio Molina , who had been riding in the bed of the truck , was paralyzed . After emerging from a coma , he can reportedly only communicate through eye-blinking . Judges are human and they make mistakes as we all do . Juvenile proceedings are particularly difficult , because the judicial system seeks to rehabilitate rather than punish children who make mistakes . Here , though , the crime is so serious and the explanation of affluenza so transparently preposterous , the judge demeans the entire justice system by affording it any legitimacy . In a system where rich and poor are supposed to be treated equally , affluenza as a defense is an insult to us all . Lady Justice , displayed in courthouses across the nation , wears a blindfold to immunize her from the impact of wealth and power as she weighs only the relative strength of evidence on her justice scale . The wrong message has been sent in this case about wealth , power and the penalty for killing others while recklessly driving in an intoxicated state . The law exists to rehabilitate but also to deter unlawful conduct by the rich as well as the poor . A wise judge presented with the claim of affluenza as a defense to manslaughter would have responded in a very different way . Ethan Couch , his lawyer and his wealthy father should have been told that the cure for affluenza is a solid dose of state-inflicted poverty in a prison cell where Ethan Couch would learn that his money ca n't buy justice . In fact the only thing it should buy is junk food in the prison commissary -- maybe some Twinkies if any remain on the shelf after all these years .	Texas teenager wo n't go to jail for drunk driving incident that killed four people Paul Callan says lawyer is citing a defense of "  affluenza , " not an acceptable argument He says judge should have refused to accept deal , should have blasted "  affluenza " idea Callan : Justice is supposed to be impartial , not a tool to allow rich to escape responsibility
London  CNN  -- A complete set of 100 etchings by Pablo Picasso -- never before seen in public -- is to go on display at the British Museum after an "  extraordinary " $ 1.5 million gift . Businessman Hamish Parker -- a long-term fan of the London museum -- donated the entire Vollard Suite in memory of his father , Major Horace Parker , who died last year . The Vollard Suite -- one of the 20th century 's most highly prized collections of etchings -- was created by Picasso between 1930 and 1937 . It features pictures of the artist 's young lover , Marie-Therese Walter , depictions of the Minotaur , the half-man-half-beast from classical myth who would become a regular feature in Picasso 's works , and also a number of portraits of art collector Ambroise Vollard , for whom the collection is named . A spokeswoman for the museum said Parker -- a friend of the prints and drawings room -- had learned of the museum 's hopes of acquiring the suite of etchings at an event there last year . "  We already owned a few individual plates from the collection , five or so out of the 100 , and one of those was on display , " she told CNN . "  Stephen Coppel , the prints and drawings curator , had placed a note beside it explaining that it was a long-term ambition of the British Museum to own the complete set . "  But it was pie-in-the-sky stuff really -- we hoped to be able to add to the collection piece by piece over time . Never in our wildest dreams did we imagine it would happen so quickly . " After his father died , Parker surprised museum bosses by telling them he planned to offer them the money to buy the full set , in memory of the Major . "  It was very unexpected , and incredibly generous , " the spokeswoman said . "  We are delighted . " The Vollard Suite will go on display at the British Museum in London from May 3 to September 2 , 2012 , the first time a complete set of the etchings has been shown in the UK for half a century . The collection will be shown alongside examples of the classical sculpture , Rembrandt etchings and Goya prints which inspired Picasso in creating it . . The suite was commissioned by Parisian collector Ambroise Vollard , who planned to print and sell editions of it ; however he died in a car accident in 1939 before the task was completed . After his death most of the prints were sold to fellow art dealer Henri Petiet . The British Museum 's set , which has never been shown in public before and is in pristine condition , was bought from the Petiet family .	British Museum celebrates ` unexpected and incredibly generous ' gift Complete set of Pablo Picasso 's Vollard Suite etchings donated by friend of museum $ 1.5 m bequest in memory of donor 's father , Major Horace Parker , who died last year All 100 etchings are to go on display at the museum next summer
CNN  -- In writing the book "  Love 2.0 : How Our Supreme Emotion Affects Everything We Feel , Think , Do , and Become , " here are 10 lessons I have learned : 1 . It can be hard to talk about love in scientific terms because people have strong pre-existing ideas about it . The vision of love that emerges from the latest science requires a radical shift . I learned that I need to ask people to step back from their current views of love long enough to consider it from a different perspective : their body 's perspective . Love is not romance . It 's not sexual desire . It 's not even that special bond you feel with family or significant others . And perhaps most challenging of all , love is neither lasting nor unconditional . The radical shift we need to make is this : Love , as your body experiences it , is a micro-moment of connection shared with another . 2 . Love is not exclusive . We tend to think of love in the same breath as loved ones . When you take these to be only your innermost circle of family and friends , you inadvertently and severely constrain your opportunities for health , growth and well-being . In reality , you can experience micro-moments of connection with anyone -- whether your soul mate or a stranger . So long as you feel safe and can forge the right kind of connection , the conditions for experiencing the emotion of love are in place . 3 . Love does n't belong to one person . We tend to think of emotions as private events , confined to one person 's mind and skin . Upgrading our view of love defies this logic . Evidence suggests that when you really "  click " with someone else , a discernible yet momentary synchrony emerges between the two of you , as your gestures and biochemistries , even your respective neural firings , come to mirror one another in a pattern I call positivity resonance . Love is a biological wave of good feeling and mutual care that rolls through two or more brains and bodies at once . 4 . Making eye contact is a key gateway for love . Your body has the built-in ability to "  catch " the emotions of those around you , making your prospects for love -- defined as micro-moments of positivity resonance -- nearly limitless . As hopeful as this sounds , I also learned that you can thwart this natural ability if you do n't make eye contact with the other person . Meeting eyes is a key gatekeeper to neural synchrony . 5 . Love fortifies the connection between your brain and your heart , making you healthier . Decades of research show that people who are more socially connected live longer and healthier lives . Yet precisely how social ties affect health has remained one of the great mysteries of science . My research team and I recently learned that when we randomly assign one group of people to learn ways to create more micro-moments of love in daily live , we lastingly improve the function of the vagus nerve , a key conduit that connects your brain to your heart . This discovery provides a new window into how micro-moments of love serve as nutrients for your health . 6 . Your immune cells reflect your past experiences of love . Too often , you get the message that your future prospects hinge on your DNA . Yet the ways that your genes get expressed at the cellular level depends mightily on many factors , including whether you consider yourself to be socially connected or chronically lonely . My team is now investigating the cellular effects of love , testing whether people who build more micro-moments of love in daily life also build healthier immune cells . 7 . Small emotional moments can have disproportionately large biological effects . It can seem surprising that an experience that lasts just a micro-moment can have any lasting effect on your health and longevity . Yet I learned that there 's an important feedback loop at work here , an upward spiral between your social and your physical well-being . That is , your micro-moments of love not only make you healthier , but being healthier builds your capacity for love . Little by little , love begets love by improving your health . And health begets health by improving your capacity for love . 8 . Do n't take a loving marriage for granted . Writing this book has profoundly changed my personal view of love . I used to uphold love as that constant , steady force that all but defines my marriage . While that constant , steady force still exists , I now see our bond as a product of the many micro-moments of positivity resonance that my husband and I have shared over the years . This shakes me out of any complacency that tempts me to take our love for granted . Love is something we should re-cultivate every single day . 9 . Love and compassion can be one and the same . If we reimagine love as micro-moments of shared positivity , it can seem like love requires that you always feel happy . I learned that this is n't true . You can experience a micro-moment of love even as you or the person with whom you connect suffers . Love does n't require that you ignore or suppress negativity . It simply requires that some element of kindness , empathy or appreciation be added to the mix . Compassion is the form love takes when suffering occurs . 10 . Simply upgrading your view of love changes your capacity for it . The latest science offers new lenses through which to see your every interaction . The people I interviewed for the book shared incredibly moving stories about how they used micro-moments of connection to make dramatic turnarounds in their personal and work lives . One of the most hopeful things I learned is that when people take just a minute or so each day to think about whether they felt connected and attuned to others , they initiate a cascade of benefits . And this is something you could start doing today , having learned even just this much more about how love works . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Barbara Fredrickson .	Love and compassion can be the same , says psychologist Barbara Fredrickson Small emotional moments can have disproportionately large biological effects Do n't take a loving marriage for granted
Hong Kong  CNN  -- Dissident Chinese artist Ai Weiwei , whose artwork is shown in museums around the world , is taking a different direction with his latest project -- a heavy metal album . Ai wrote and sang each of the nine tracks on the debut album , which is called "  Divina Commedia " after a poem by Italian poet Dante , and will be released next month . "  The lyrics are about the current political situation , " he told CNN by telephone from Beijing . One song is about Chen Guangcheng , the blind activist who fled to the U.S. embassy in Beijing after escaping from house arrest last year . Another mentions Wang Lijun , the police chief who also sought shelter with U.S. officials last year , in Chengdu , a move which exposed the scandal engulfing disgraced Chinese politician Bo Xilai and his wife , now convicted murderer , Gu Kailai . Ai Weiwei : Despite flaws , America should be proud Outspoken and provocative , Ai is perhaps best known for his work on the famous "  Bird 's Nest " stadium built for the 2008 Olympics in Beijing . His critical stance toward the Chinese government gained attention after the 2008 Sichuan earthquake that left nearly 90,000 dead , including many children who died when their shoddily-constructed schools collapsed . A recent exhibition of his work at the Hirshhorn Museum in Washington DC featured hundreds of children 's backpacks lashed together in the shape of a snake , which Ai said represented the bags left behind by the students . While a departure from his acclaimed sculpture and installations , the album is not his first foray into the world of music -- last October he filmed a parody of "  Gangnam Style , " the surprise worldwide hit by Korean rapper Psy . In that clip , Ai limited his musical involvement to dancing , but other clips can be found on the Internet of the artist flexing his vocal cords . Ai told CNN the decision to branch out into music stemmed from his detention in 2011 when his guards would ask him to sing a tune to pass the time . Ai was taken into custody in April and detained for 81 days amid a government crackdown on political activists . He was accused of evading a huge amount of taxes , charges Ai has said were trumped up . Ai was released but with heavy restrictions on his movements and the Chinese government still holds his passport . While Ai describes the tracks as "  heavy metal " or "  hard rock " , it was an encounter with pop star Elton John that encouraged him to finally complete the album . John dedicated his performance in Beijing in November to Ai , who at the time said he was deeply touched by the gesture . Ai cited few musical influences and said he knew little about Western popular music despite a stint living in New York in the 1980s : "  When I grew up all the music we had was revolutionary stuff . " Ai said he would try to release the album in China next month , along with a music video , but he was gloomy about its prospects . "  I am completely censored , " he said . "  I will put it online so people can download it but I think the authorities will just delete it . "	Dissident Chinese artist Ai Weiwei to debut a heavy metal album Nine tracks on the album focus on Chinese politics Decision to branch out into music came from his 2011 detention Elton John encouraged him to complete the album
CNN Student News  -- November 12 , 2013 As the Filipino president declares a "  state of national calamity , " CNN Student News reports on rescue and recovery efforts following a devastating typhoon . We also discuss the Washington Monument 's repair status , and we see how the U.S. and other countries paid tribute to their veterans . Plus , we hear how the U.S. military plans to outfit commandos with "  Iron Man " suits . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , Maps pertaining to today 's show , and a place for you to leave feedback . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . DAILY CURRICULUM Click here a printable version of the Daily Curriculum  PDF  . Media Literacy Question of the Day : What unique challenges do reporters face in an area struck by a natural disaster ? Key Concepts : Identify or explain these subjects you heard about in today 's show : 1 . "  national calamity " 2 . Washington Monument 3 . military technology Fast Facts : How well were you listening to today 's program ? 1 . Where in Washington , D.C. would you find the Washington Monument ? Why was this monument closed to the public two years ago ? 2 . About how many veterans are there in the U.S. ? What are some ways in which veterans were honored yesterday around the world ? 3 . How has Miami Dolphins player Richie Incognito responded to accusations of bullying ? What has been said about the issue by player Jonathan Martin 's lawyer ? Discussion Questions : 1 . What kind of information do you think relief workers might need to help survivors of Typhoon Haiyan ? What might be the challenges of getting this information ? 2 . What are your thoughts about recent allegations of misconduct among some Miami Dolphins players ? Have your views on this story changed since more details came to light ? Explain . In your view , what are some possible outcomes regarding this issue ? 3 . What do you think might be some of the benefits and limitations of the "  Iron Man " suit ordered by the U.S. military ? What modifications would you make to such a suit to give it new functions ? Can you think of non-military uses for this kind of suit ? Explain . CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists and educators who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show and curriculum . We hope you use our free daily materials along with the program , and we welcome your feedback on them . MAPS Download PDF maps related to today 's show : Asia Philippines ; Mt. Fuji , Japan North America Washington , D.C. FEEDBACK We 're looking for your feedback about CNN Student News . Please use this page to leave us comments about today 's program , including what you think about our stories and our resources . Also , feel free to tell us how you use them in your classroom . The educators on our staff will monitor this page and may respond to your comments as well . Thank you for using CNN Student News ! Click here to submit your Roll Call request .	This page includes the show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , and Maps Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary The Daily Curriculum offers the Media Literacy Question of the Day , Key Concepts , Fast Facts and Discussion Questions At the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculum
The New York Times website was still experiencing some issues late Wednesday and early Thursday following a widespread outage . Evidence continued to mount that it was the result of an attack by the Syrian Electronic Army . The group , loyal to Syrian President Bashar Al-Assad , has been behind multiple attacks on media websites in recent months and , on Twitter , took credit for a sophisticated hack that had hobbled the Times ' news site for roughly 20 hours . "  The @nytimes attack was going to deliver an anti-war message but our server could n't last for 3 minutes , " the group posted on its Twitter feed at about 9:40 Wednesday morning . The attack came as governments in several countries considered military action in light of reports that Al-Assad has used chemical weapons against his own people in an effort to quell an uprising calling for his ouster . "  Our website and domain are now down , but it was worth the attempt , for #Syria and world peace , " the group wrote later . What is the Syrian Electronic Army ? The group said their site was taken down because they violated their registration agreement . People on Twitter began reporting the New York Times site was down as early as 3 p.m. ET Tuesday . Some users also reported difficulty accessing the Times ' mobile site and apps . The newspaper posted a message on its Facebook page about 5 p.m. ET that said , "  Many users are having difficulty accessing The New York Times online . We are working to fix the problem . Our initial assessment is the outage is most likely the result of a malicious external attack . " New York Times chief information officer Marc Frons sent the same update internally to employees at 4:20 p.m. and advised them not to send out sensitive emails "  until this situation is resolved , " according to a statement from the New York Times . The outage was the result of an attack on the company 's domain name registrar , Melbourne IT . The hackers gained access to a Melbourne IT reseller account using a phishing email and proceeded to change the DNS records of multiple domains , including NYTimes.com , according to the company . "  We are currently reviewing our logs to see if we can obtain information on the identity of the party that has used the reseller credentials , and we will share this information with the reseller and any relevant law enforcement bodies , " said Melbourne IT 's Tony Smith in a statement . Twitter also was hampered briefly by a similar attack . Several Twitter users posted screenshots of a "  Hacked by SEA " message they said they received when they went to the New York Times homepage . The Syrian Electronic Army has frequently targeted the U.S. news media . The group has hacked into the Twitter feeds of the Associated Press and The Washington Post , and on August 15 they briefly hacked the websites of several major news organizations redirecting them to a SEA page . CNN.com has been the target of similar attacks . Frons said Tuesday 's attack was more sophisticated than previous SEA hacks . "  It 's sort of like breaking into the local savings and loan versus breaking into Fort Knox . A domain registrar should have extremely tight security because they are holding the security to hundreds if not thousands of Web sites , " said Frons in the New York Times . While the site was down , the New York Times continued to post articles at its numerical IP address , 170.149.168.130 and at news.nytco.com . Tuesday 's episode was the Times ' second sustained website outage this month . The newspaper 's site also went down August 14 for several hours , an outage the newspaper blamed on "  an internal issue . " In an update on a company blog , Twitter confirmed that there was a DNS issue with one of the domains used to host images . "  Viewing of images and photos was sporadically impacted . By 22:29 UTC , the original domain record for twimg.com was restored . No Twitter user information was affected by this incident , " said the post .	New York Times site still experiencing problems following Tuesday outage Syrian Electronic Army takes credit for New York Times attack The group is loyal to Syrian President Bashar Al-Assad Twitter also experienced problems on Tuesday due to a similar attack
Islabamad , Pakistan  CNN  -- A man who confessed to assassinating a leading liberal Pakistani politician is being showered with gifts and praise by his fellow prison inmates , his attorney told CNN . Mumtaz Qadri was arrested earlier this month , moments after he allegedly sprayed Salman Taseer , governor of Pakistan 's Punjab province , with more than 20 bullets outside a market in Pakistan 's capital , Islamabad . At the time of the shooting , Qadri was working as one of Taseer 's security guards . Police said Qadri confessed to the killing and said he assassinated his boss because of Taseer 's campaign to change Pakistan 's controversial blasphemy laws . At the prison just outside of Islamabad where Qadri is being kept , fellow inmates are offering him their clothes , blankets and meals , said Qadri 's lawyer , Malik Waheed Anjum . He said his client has no regrets over Taseer 's death and spends most of his time reciting the Quran in jail . "  Qadri is proud and satisfied with what he did , " Anjum told CNN . Pakistan 's hard-line religious groups have also congratulated Qadri . Since the shooting they have held demonstrations calling him a hero , while condemning anyone who tries to change Pakistan 's blasphemy laws . At the rallies , pictures of Qadri 's smiling face regularly adorn posters and banners . In Pakistan 's major cities , liberal and moderate groups have held competing although much smaller demonstrations condemning Qadri and praising what they call Taseer 's campaign to change the blasphemy law that they claim was being misused to persecute minorities . At a hearing on Monday inside Qadri 's prison , investigators submitted to a judge their findings , claiming Qadri was indeed Taseer 's killer . Police recommended the death penalty for Qadri , said Raja Shuja Ur Rehman , another member of his defense team . Court officials said they held the hearing inside the prison to avoid a repeat of mass demonstrations that took place when Qadri was transported to a courthouse earlier this month . He is scheduled to be formally charged at a hearing in February . Journalist Nasir Habib contributed to this report .	Salman Taseer , Punjab province governor , was assassinated earlier this month His bodyguard , Mumtaz Qadri was arrested Qadri told police he kiled Taseer because he was trying to change Pakistan 's blasphemy laws Qadri 's lawyer says he has no regrets
A Danish zoo that made international headlines last month when it killed a healthy giraffe is once again in the news after it killed four lions to make way for a new male . The lions were killed Monday , said Tobias Stenbaek Bro , a spokesman for the Copenhagen Zoo . Two of those were young lions that were not old enough to survive by themselves and would have been killed by the new male lion if it had the chance , Bro told CNN . He said the zoo had tried to place them elsewhere , "  but unfortunately there was n't any interest . " The other two are the youngsters ' parents , described by the Copenhagen Zoo as a "  very old " breeding pair . The new male lion was brought from Givskud Zoo , also in Denmark , to form a breeding group with the Copenhagen Zoo 's two 18-month-old females , born on site in 2012 . The zoo had to put down the old lions and their young offspring "  because of the natural structure and behavior " of the lion pride , the Copenhagen Zoo said in a prepared statement . The newcomer is about 3 years old , large for his age and healthy , the zoo said . After he 's had a few days to adjust to his new surroundings , visitors will be able to see him . "  He is a beautiful young male and I am certain he will be an impressive ambassador for his species , " zoo chief Steffen Straede is quoted as saying . He said the three young lions would "  be the foundation of the zoo 's next lion era . " Public anger The decision by the Copenhagen Zoo to shoot dead its giraffe , named Marius , in February to prevent inbreeding sparked widespread outrage . The killing of four healthy lions has prompted further dismay . Some questioned why the lions were n't sent elsewhere if the Copenhagen Zoo no longer had space . "  Why are people visiting this abhorrent animal slaughter house , " said a message posted on a Facebook page that calls for the closure of the zoo . The European Association of Zoos and Aquaria -- a body governing 345 institutions -- said that the Copenhagen Zoo had not broken its codes of conduct and that it "  has been consistent in its approach to animal population management , and high standards of animal welfare . " The zoo supports natural cycles of reproduction and cub rearing , it said , and its lions are not part of a breeding program . "  While EAZA regrets the death of the animals in question , we recognize the right of Copenhagen Zoo to humanely cull them in line with their policies , " it added . Such culling is not uncommon , although large animals are less likely to meet that fate . European Association of Zoos and Aquaria spokesman David Williams-Mitchell told CNN that across the European zoos governed by the body , about 3,000 to 5,000 animals are killed each year under programs to manage zoo populations . This includes "  everything from tadpoles and insects up to charismatic megafauna like giraffes and lions , " he said , adding that it represents only 0.06 % of the zoos ' overall animal population . Exact figures are hard to come by , but a few hundred of those killed by the zoos each year would be large animals , he said . Williams-Mitchell added that members of the public and animal rights groups tend to object only when zoos kill "  cute , storybook animals , " rather than rodents or tadpoles . Giraffe backlash Marius the giraffe was shot by a veterinarian and dismembered in front of an audience that included children , before being fed to the zoo 's lions , tigers and leopards . Addressing criticism after that killing , Bengt Holst , the zoo 's scientific director , told CNN the decision was made for the greater good of the giraffe population . "  Our giraffes are part of an international breeding program , which has a purpose of ensuring a sound and healthy population of giraffes , " he said . But the explanation did little to appease public anger . The backlash prompted another zoo in Denmark to reverse course . Jyllands Park Zoo had said it was considering culling one of its male giraffes if a female was brought in to breed . But it backtracked .	Zoo group says 3,000 to 5,000 zoo animals , from tadpoles to lions , are killed each year Zoo says it tried to move two of the four lions elsewhere , but "  there was n't any interest " Three other lions will "  be the foundation of the zoo 's next lion era , " says zoo chief The same zoo prompted outrage when it killed a healthy male giraffe to prevent inbreeding
Tokyo is a huge and often confusing city for travelers , but with these tips you need n't be daunted by the Japanese capital . 100 Yen shops are great value for money . Subway Tokyo has an incredibly efficient subway , but the 13 lines are run by two different companies , Toei Subways and Tokyo Metro , meaning a bewildering variety of day passes are available . A good bet is the Toei and Tokyo Metro One-Day Economy Pass , which costs ¥ 1,000 and gives you a day of unlimited travel on all subway lines . During rush-hour the subway becomes an unbearable crush . All social niceties go out the window in a free for all that 's best avoided completely . Taxis During the day traffic can be gridlocked , but in the evening , when traffic is lighter , taxis are reasonably alternative to the subway . Enter and exit taxis by the back left-hand door . Do n't make the novice 's error of trying to open or close the door -- your white-gloved driver will do that from the front seat . Ideally , have a map of your destination , or at least an address written in Japanese . Tipping is not expected . ATMs Although Tokyo is ultra-modern , you may have to revert to carrying travelers ' checks for the duration of your stay . Few ATMs accept foreign cards , although you should have more luck at post offices and branches of Citibank . ATMs in busy areas stay open until 9 p.m. and most are closed at weekends , although Citibank has 24-hour ATMs . Credit cards are still not accepted as widely as you might expect , so travelers ' checks are your best bet -- and make sure you 're carrying cash if you 're planning a night out away from the city center . What 's on The best way to keep up with events and entertainment is with one of Tokyo 's English language magazines . Metropolis and Tokyo Notice Board are two of the best -- and they 're both free . 100 Yen shops These bargain stores are hugely popular in Tokyo , selling everything from food to toiletries for ¥ 100 plus ¥ 5 tax -- about $ 1 . They are also a great place to pick up an inexpensive , kitschy souvenir . Daiso 100-Yen Shop in Takeshita-dori  Village 107 Building , 1-19-24 Jingumae , Shibuya-ku  has four floors of cheap thrills . Etiquette As a foreigner , having a generally courteous demeanor will cover a multitude of sins , but there are a few rules you should try to remember : - Never use your chopsticks to take food from someone else 's and do n't stick your chopsticks upright in your food when you 've finished -- both of these denote funerary customs . - If you 're eating with other people , do n't pour your own drink . Fill your neighbor 's glass and wait for them to reciprocate . - The Japanese do n't pour sauces onto their rice . Leave any sauces in their serving dish and dip your food in lightly . - It 's a faux pas be seen eating in public -- especially on a train . And blowing your nose in public is an absolute no-no . ... . What are your tips for a great stay in Tokyo ? Where have you found the "  real " Tokyo ? Send us your suggestions in the "  Sound Off " box below and we 'll print the best .	Tokyo has a fantastic subway system -- just do n't use it during rush hour Few ATMs accept foreign cards , so you should take travelers ' checks 100 Yen shops are hugely popular in Tokyo and are great value for money
At least eight people came down with listeria -- and one of them died -- after , authorities believe , eating "  Hispanic-style cheese . " The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention on Friday reported the outbreak , which has affected people only of Hispanic descent and living in California or Maryland . Three babies were among those infected , while the other five were adults , including two women who had recently given birth . The illnesses date back to between August 1 and November 27 , 2013 . Seven cases -- all in Maryland -- ended up being hospitalized , with the lone death occurring in sole California case , according to the CDC . The age of the person who died was not given . Earlier this month , health inspectors in Virginia found listeria monocytogenes bacteria in a sample of Cuajada en Terron , or fresh cheese curd , on sale in clear , unlabeled plastic bags at a Mega Mart in Manassas . This was traced to Roos Foods , a company based in Kenton , Delaware . Virginia authorities said at that time there were no known sicknesses in the state tied to that cheese . What you need to know about listeria A few days later , Maryland authorities ' tests of pre-packaged cheese products produced by Roos Foods also came back positive for listeria . That state 's health and mental hygiene department warned people not to buy or consume any products from that company sold under brand names Santa Rosa de Lima , Amigo , Mexicana , Suyapa , La Chapina and La Purisima Crema Nica . Older adults , pregnant women , newborns and adults with weakened immune systems are most susceptible to listeriosis , according to the CDC . It typically spreads through the consumption of contaminated foods such as uncooked meats and vegetables , unpasteurized milk and cheeses , and cooked and processed foods such as certain soft cheeses , ready-to-eat meats and smoked seafoods . Newborns can develop it if their mothers ate such tainted foods while pregnant . A person with listeriosis usually has fever and muscle aches , sometimes preceded by diarrhea or other gastrointestinal symptoms , according to the CDC . They might also have headaches , a stiff neck , confusion , loss of balance or convulsions . The public health agency says that about 1,600 people fall ill and 260 die each year in the United States from this ailment . A call placed Friday by CNN to Roos Foods was n't immediately returned . According to its website , Roos is "  a family-owned business ... dedicated to the production of a wide variety of dairy products of Latin origin . " How to protect yourself from food poisoning	8 people got sick last summer , fall with listeria in Maryland , California 3 were adults , 3 were babies and 2 were new mothers , the CDC says Authorities tie the illnesses to "  Hispanic-style cheese "
CNN  -- A Georgia woman convicted on misdemeanor charges in the death of her son after he darted out into traffic will receive a new trial , a judge ruled . Raquel Nelson 's trial is set to begin October 25 , according to an order filed by Cobb County State Court Judge Kathryn Tanksley on Tuesday . Nelson 's case had attracted national attention from parents , the NAACP and transportation advocates , who said Nelson , from the Atlanta suburb of Marietta , was being unfairly prosecuted because she chose to cross the road at the bus stop across from her apartment instead of traveling to the nearest crosswalk , three-tenths of a mile away . In April 2010 , Nelson and her three children had just gotten off the bus across from their apartment building when her 4-year-old son , A.J. , broke away from her and ran into the street . A car struck the boy , causing fatal injuries . Nelson and one of her two daughters also suffered minor injuries . Five weeks after the accident , investigators came to Nelson 's home , said her aunt , Loretta Williams . Nelson was charged with three misdemeanors : second-degree vehicular homicide , failing to cross at a crosswalk and reckless conduct , according to court records . A jury convicted her this month . Although prosecutors did not recommend jail time , each count carried a potential sentence of one year in jail -- for a total of 36 months . She potentially faced more jail time than the man driving the car , Jerry Guy . Guy fled the scene after the accident but later admitted being involved , according to CNN affiliate WXIA-TV . He was sentenced to five years in prison but served only six months . He is serving the remainder of the sentence on probation . Nelson on Tuesday was sentenced to 12 months of probation and 40 hours of community service , but Tanksley also gave her the option to seek a new trial . During the hearing Tuesday , Nelson 's attorney , David Savoy , asked for mercy , saying his client had suffered enough . "  Do n't think for one moment that this mother of three does n't blame herself for what happened , " he said . But , he said , the white stripes of a crosswalk are not "  impenetrable walls of steel " that could have prevented a driver from striking someone crossing the street . Such accidents happen every day , he said . Assistant Solicitor General Jessica Moss said her office would accept whatever sentence the court suggested . "  These cases are inherently difficult because they are unintentional , " she said during the hearing . "  I 'm walking out of here , " Nelson told reporters after her sentencing Tuesday . "  I do n't think you could be more satisfied . " Nelson told NBC 's "  Today " on Monday that the jurors who convicted her probably could n't relate to her because she is a single mother and they do n't regularly use public transportation or need to walk on busy streets . Many members of the public , however , supported her . "  Your office 's decision to prosecute Raquel Nelson for the death of her 4-year-old son on a vehicular homicide charge is disgusting and inhumane , " one poster wrote on the Facebook page of the Cobb County Solicitor General 's Office , which handled the case . More than 135,000 people signed an online petition calling for leniency . The NAACP had called the case against Nelson a "  grave miscarriage of justice when the mother who is still grieving is forced to fight harder for her freedom than the man who killed her son . " The case also attracted attention from transportation advocates , who said Nelson was treated unfairly because transportation planners fail to take into account the needs of pedestrians when designing roads . "  Because she did as her fellow bus riders , who crossed at the same time and same place , and because she did what pedestrians will do every time -- take the shortest reasonable path -- she is guilty of vehicular homicide , " Transportation for America communications director David Goldberg wrote on the advocacy organization 's blog . CNN 's Tristan Smith and In Session 's Jessica Thill contributed to this report .	Raquel Nelson 's trial is set for October 25 Nelson was prosecuted after a driver struck and killed her son She potentially had faced more jail time than the driver
Washington  CNN  -- Welfare reform , which added a work requirement tied to welfare benefits , is often cited as a major bipartisan political success of President Bill Clinton 's second term . So the idea of the next Democratic president , Barack Obama , taking the work requirement off the table is political dynamite . Apparently , the Romney campaign believes it is . A Romney campaign ad titled "  Welfare Reform , " which came out earlier in August , says that 's just what Obama did . "  On July 12 , President Obama quietly ended the work requirement , gutting welfare reform . One of the most respected newspapers in the country called it ` nuts , ' " the ad says . "  Under Obama 's plan , you would n't have to work and you would n't have to train for a job , " the ad continues . "  They just send you your welfare check . And welfare to work goes back to being plain old welfare ... " But the Obama campaign calls Romney 's ad "  nuts . " CNN 's Fact-check agrees . Clinton calls out ` disappointing ' Romney ad "  Every single person here who 's looked at it says it 's patently false , " Obama said a news conference on Monday . So where did the notion of a major welfare reform overhaul come from ? Where it did n't come from is Washington but rather from Utah , Nevada , California , Connecticut and Minnesota . These states , some with Republican governors , asked the federal government for more flexibility in how they hand out welfare dollars . Their purpose was to spend less time on federal paperwork and more time experimenting with ways to connect welfare recipients with jobs . The Obama administration cooperated , granting waivers to some states from some of the existing rules . The waivers gave "  those states some flexibility in how they manage their welfare rolls as long as it produced 20 % increases in the number of people getting work . " In some small way , the waivers might change precisely how work is calculated but the essential goal of pushing welfare recipients to work -- something both Democrats and Republicans agreed to in the 1990s -- remains the same .	Romney ad claims that Obama has "  gutted " welfare reform Romney campaign claims Obama plan eliminates work requirement White House allowed some states waivers from existing welfare rules States , some with GOP governors , had asked for flexibility in handing out funds
RIYADH , Saudi Arabia -- Ahmad al Shayea is the rarest of truck bombers -- he survived his suicide mission in Iraq even though the blast from his bomb was strong enough to kill 12 bystanders . Ahmad al Shayea survived his truck bomb attack , but not without scarring to his face and hands . Al Shayea , who was disfigured during the attack , claims al Qaeda tricked him into becoming a bomber by asking him to deliver a tanker truck , which they had rigged with a bomb . "  They told me to take it to an address in Baghdad . As soon as I got there the truck exploded , " said the native of Saudi Arabia . He survived by jumping out of the truck . Al Shayea renounced terrorism and returned to Saudi Arabia , where he works to convince would-be insurgents and terrorists to give up their deadly ways . "  I think God took me out of death to show others what can happen , " he told CNN . "  If you join al Qaeda , they will use you , and maybe you will die . " Hear why al Shayea turned his back on al Qaeda " Al Qaeda propaganda videos glorify so-called foreign fighters in Iraq like al Shayea . It has recruited them from countries all across the Middle East . Some Iraqi officials say more Saudis than any other nationality have responded to al Qaeda 's call . Saudi officials and the U.S. military deny that claim . But Saudi sources do admit that more than 800 young Saudis have gone to Iraq to fight . That 's far more than the Saudi government has acknowledged until now . Since 9/11 , when 15 of the 19 hijackers were Saudis , the oil rich kingdom has been accused of spreading radicalism . It 's a claim that stings this longtime U.S. ally , which also finds itself in al Qaeda 's cross hairs . So now , Saudi officials say they are escalating their fight against homegrown al Qaeda militants . Former insurgents and terrorists like al Shayea are their chief weapon in the battle for the hearts and minds of young Saudis . "  The reality behind it is the religious misunderstanding of Islam , so we have to correct the ideas , " said Dr. Turki Al-Otayan , a psychologist . Al Shayea and hundreds of other Saudis who were aligned with terrorists are being re-educated in prisons and rehabilitation centers . They are taught that al Qaeda 's emphasis on a violent approach to Islam is wrong . The program offers early release from prison . It 's available only to captured jihadis who demonstrate a willingness to change over the course of repeated interviews with specialists . Al Shayea said he was questioned by security forces , then clerics , then psychologists . "  They looked at my mood , listened to me . They were nice , " he adds . Al-Otayan said the review is thorough . "  We make sure he understands dialogue . We make sure he is not just lying . So it is not an easy job I can assure you , " he said . The Saudi government says more than 1,000 former al Qaeda recruits have been through the program . Seven hundred of them are now free . Critics , mainly from the country 's security forces , fear mistakes could allow some al Qaeda fighters back on the street . A native of Saudi Arabia , al Shayea was just 19 when he went to Iraq to fight for al Qaeda against American forces . He was angered , he said , by scenes of U.S. troops killings his fellow Muslims . "  I went to Iraq with Saudi men because jihad is a duty for every Muslim , " he said . "  I went to Iraq to fight the jihad and kill Americans . " He was hoping to take up arms against Americans , but said he never envisioned himself as a suicide bomber . After his truck bomb exploded , al Shayea was captured and paraded on Iraqi TV . Burned and bandaged , he was blamed for the death of 12 bystanders . He confessed . Iraqi security officials deported him to Saudi Arabia . Today , with the backing of the Saudi government , al Shayea gets his anti-al Qaeda message out on fliers that include pictures of him before and after his bombing . He has become the anti-Al Qaeda example . "  I learned my lesson , and others will learn as well , " he said . E-mail to a friend	Ahmad al Shayea , a Saudi , survived his suicide bombing mission in Iraq He says al Qaeda tricked him into delivering the truck bomb Al Shayea now works with the Saudi government to battle al Qaeda propaganda He tries to convince young Saudis not to join the terrorist organization
CNN  -- First it was Mario Gotze . Now Robert Lewandowski is leaving Borussia Dortmund for German powerhouse Bayern Munich . The sought after Polish international signed a five-year contract with Bayern Munich , Bayern said on its website while calling the 25-year-old one of the "  world 's top strikers . " He 'll join the Bavarian outfit at the end of the season , when his current deal with Dortmund was due to expire . "  We are very happy that this transfer has gone through , " Bayern CEO Karl-Heinz Rummenigge said . "  Robert Lewandowski is one of the world 's top strikers . "  He will not only strength our squad , but his arrival will also give the entire club a boost . " Some would say Bayern hardly needs it , since it won five trophies in 2013 and is on pace to cruise to yet another Bundesliga crown . Lewandowski co leads the Bundesliga in scoring this campaign with 11 goals and has netted 91 times in 165 games for Borussia Dortmund since joining from Poland 's Lech Poznan for a bargain basement $ 7 million in 2010 . His goals also helped Borussia Dortmund reach last season 's Champions League final , although Bayern Munich came out on top in London . Gotze 's move to Bayern Munich was announced last April while he still played for Borussia Dortmund and the German international became a highly unpopular figure among many Dortmund fans -- so Lewandowski might expect some jeers himself . Lewandowski 's impending departure is a further blow to Dortmund . The German champion in 2011 and 2012 -- Lewandowski played a key role -- Jurgen Klopp 's side has slipped to a distant fourth in the league and narrowly advanced to the second round of this season 's Champions League .	Bayern Munich signs striker Robert Lewandowski from Borussia Dortmund Lewandowski joins the German champion at the end of the current season It 's the second time in as many seasons Bayern has signed a star Dortmund player The announcement comes as Dortmund struggles in the German Bundesliga
CNN  Down syndrome , with all its promise and challenges , has never been more visible : Jamie Brewer , an actress with Down syndrome , just walked the catwalk at New York Fashion Week . A video of a girl with Down syndrome singing a John Legend song went viral , receiving 6 million page views and counting . People were so moved by the story of a father choosing his son with Down syndrome over his marriage that they donated over $ 500,000 to his care  although the father 's story has now been called into question  . The Down syndrome community , on a regular basis , inspires its members with stories about accomplishments , loving families and overcoming challenges . I love these stories and they make me happy . Somehow , though , their impact is limited . Despite the good press and the outpouring of support , when one 's own child is diagnosed with Down syndrome , far too many people react with a toxic combination of fear and terror . Fortunately , there are antidotes : information , experts and community . Thanks to the power of the Internet and the commitment of activists , politicians and experts of all sorts , access to these antidotes has never been easier . Here 's an example of the power of sharing information : At about 7 a.m. one day last November , Claudia sent me a Facebook message about her best friend , Jane .  All names have been altered .  Jane was pregnant with twins , one of whom had been diagnosed with both Down syndrome and a heart defect . Jane and her spouse were stuck in that toxic panic and did n't know what to do . Claudia wrote , "  They told me it 's super easy to find adoptive parents because lots of people want kids with special needs . Right now , their plan is to leave the baby at the hospital , and failing that the fire station . " I was startled by the message , but not shocked . I 'm the father of a boy with Down syndrome and had at least an inkling of what Jane was going through . On the other hand , although safe haven laws make leaving a child at the hospital legal , and American children with Down syndrome do often get adopted , this clearly was n't the right way to go about it . So I told Claudia I 'd be back shortly to help , got my own children safely off on the bus to school , and returned to my computer 40 minutes later . Soon , I was talking to Amy Allison , the executive director of the Down Syndrome Guild of Greater Kansas City . Fifteen minutes later , Amy had connected me to Stephanie Thompson , the co-director of the National Down Syndrome Adoption Network . Stephanie reached out to Claudia and from there to Jane . Over the next few weeks , Jane and her spouse started talking to potential adoptive parents , but also got plugged into all the resources for families of people with Down syndrome . Eventually , as the hazy fear of diagnosis burned off , and thanks to the couple 's own desire to learn more , their perceptions changed . Jane has now given birth . One of her twins does indeed have Down syndrome . The new parents are keeping both children . Today , in Claudia 's words , "  They 're stressed out and scared but in love with their babies and looking forward to when the four can be home together . " Claudia and I may be Facebook friends , but we have never met and do n't really know each other . It 's amazing that this tenuous contact between us helped shift the outcome for Jane and her family . It points out a positive way in which the Internet has changed the experience of raising a child with special needs . The moment of diagnosis is terribly jarring , no matter when it takes place . It throws you from a world for which you thought you were preparing into some other strange place . You grieve . You wall yourself off . While the circumstances of my son 's diagnosis were different than Jane 's , the hours and days after were very difficult . In fact , I 've spoken to hundreds of parents about their experience , and we mostly all felt alone and afraid . In a previous era , Jane 's story might have played out very differently . Access to basic information about Down syndrome was hard to come by , even from medical practitioners , and it was a challenge to make contact with experts and other parents . Now , Jane and many like her can plug into a vibrant and informed community almost instantly . Whether it 's parents of children with well-known disabilities , people dealing with rare diseases , or any other subset of humanity that has a hard time locating face-to-face community , it 's far easier to connect on the Internet . Social media provides a highly mediated and algorithmically-driven commercial environment that at best mirrors real relationships . It 's often criticized for destroying American family life . But I feel lucky to have these communication tools at my disposal , even if I 'm just sharing small struggles and tiny victories -- how to help with sleeping issues , the triumph of my son eating a scrambled egg for the first time in his life , or wondering how to make a haircut less traumatic for all involved . And sometimes , as with Jane , the stakes are much higher . These are the stories about Down syndrome that do n't make news , and maybe that 's OK , so long as people know that these networks exist . There are thousands , maybe tens of thousands , of people with and without disabilities ready to respond not with fear or judgment , but with information and empathy .	David Perry : When one 's own child is diagnosed with Down syndrome , many people react with terror Thanks to the power of the Internet , access to information and support has never been easier
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Republican Sen. Olympia Snowe has shown throughout her career that when it comes to voting , it 's her principles and constituents that guide her , not her party . Sen. Olympia Snowe has received overwhelming support from her constituents in past elections . Those principles , analysts note , are guiding her to find a compromise on health care reform currently stalemated in Congress . Jennifer Duffy , who follows the Senate for the Cook Political Report , said Snowe 's independent streak is "  not new behavior for her . " "  I think they -LSB- Republicans -RSB- also realize that the only reason that the state of Maine has two Republican senators at all is the fact that they are very independent-minded and they vote their state , " she said , referring to Snowe and Sen. Susan Collins . In fact , some estimates place Snowe as having voted with her party only 57 percent of the time in the current Congress . While her moderate views are at odds with GOP opposition to several of President Obama 's economic plans this year , the senator 's constituents seem to agree with her . In 2006 , she won re-election with 74 percent of the vote , compared to her Democratic opponent 's 21 percent . In 2000 , Snowe received 69 percent of the vote . In an interview with National Public Radio in 2006 , she said that while her views are moderate , Maine , like other New England states , has been "  naturally independent " "  Oftentimes , I tell my leadership , do n't blame me , it 's just where I grew up , " she said at the time . Snowe , 59 , was elected to Congress in 1978 at age 31 , and served Maine 's 2nd District for 16 years . She ran for Senate in 1994 and won , "  becoming the first woman in American history to serve in both houses of the state legislature and both houses of Congress , " her Senate Web site notes . Her political career began in 1973 after her husband , Maine Rep. Peter Snowe , was killed in a car accident and she was elected to fill his seat . After two years in the state Senate , she won the U.S. House seat held by William Cohen when he ran for the U.S. Senate in 1978 . Snowe was elected to the Senate with 60 percent of the vote during the Republican revolution of 1994 , filling the seat of longtime Democratic Sen. George Mitchell , who retired . She married then-Maine Gov. John McKernan in 1989 . In 2006 , Time Magazine named her one of the top 10 U.S. senators , calling her "  the caretaker . " "  Because of her centrist views and eagerness to get beyond partisan point scoring , Maine Republican Olympia Snowe is in the center of every policy debate in Washington , " the article read . "  But while Snowe is a major player on national issues , she is also known as one of the most effective advocates for her constituents . " Duffy said that if Snowe and Collins started voting with the Republican leadership all the time , "  They would probably both lose re-election . " Part of the so-called "  Gang of Six " on the Senate Finance Committee , which includes three Democrats and three Republicans , she has been actively negotiating with the White House . The White House said that Sens. Chuck Grassley and Mike Enzi , the other two Republicans in the Gang of Six , have backed away from negotiations , although Enzi released a statement that said he is still willing to talk . Snowe said it 's important to work with the other party despite criticism . "  I think sometimes , yes , I 'd find myself in that position , you know , with fewer and fewer ... people who are willing to reach across the political aisle and to create what I ... call the sensible center , " she told NPR last week . "  I mean , that 's where the majority of Americans are . And I try to sort of build those ... bridges . " Part of that bridge building was seen with her votes for the president 's $ 787 billion economic stimulus package in February . For the past months , Snowe has been pushing the idea of a safety net plan , or "  trigger , " for a public health care option as part of a key compromise . A source familiar with her negotiations with Obama said that 's one of the things they 're talking about . Watch more on the health care debate " The idea would give insurance companies a defined period to make changes in order to help cover more people and drive down long-term costs . But if those changes failed to occur within the defined period , a trigger would provide for creating a public option to force change on the insurance companies . "  This option would be available from day one in any state where -- after market and insurance reforms are implemented -- affordable , competitive plans still do not exist , " she said in a press release . Her main concerns so far have been the high cost of health care proposals . "  What we have to do is develop a plan that 's going to be available to people on an affordable basis , and , secondly , containing costs both for the American consumer and the American taxpayer , " Snowe said in the NPR interview last week . Cost has been a major part of her bipartisan efforts in the Senate . "  Given the gravity of our economic circumstances , I am pleased that our bipartisan negotiations have yielded a consensus solution that will create jobs , assist the displaced and invest in our economy , " she said at the time about the stimulus plan . She added that it is not a "  matter of labeling something as spending or as tax relief ; it 's finding and including in this package the vital provisions necessary for jump-starting our economy . " CNN 's Dana Bash , Ed Henry and Mark Preston contributed to this report .	Sen. Olympia Snowe is one of two GOP senators from Maine Snowe has said she is guided by principles and constituents , not her party Analyst : Snowe 's independent streak is "  not new behavior for her " In 2006 , Time magazine named her one of the top 10 U.S. senators
After years of controversy , the Ugandan parliament has passed a bill that punishes certain acts of homosexuality with life in prison . A Ugandan lawmaker first introduced the bill in 2009 , sparking worldwide condemnation for tough measures that included the death penalty . It was briefly shelved amid the backlash . At the time , some European nations threatened to withdraw aid to Uganda , which relies on millions of dollars from the international community . Before its passage Friday , parliament adjusted the death penalty clause to life in prison for "  aggravated homosexuality . " It includes acts where one person is infected with HIV , "  serial offenders " and sex with minors , Amnesty International said . In cases where one has HIV , the punishment applies even when the sex is consensual or protected . "  Ugandans have been anxiously waiting for this bill . This day will be a good day for all Ugandans , " said Benson Obua Ogwal , a member of parliament for Moroto . The bill also proposes years in prison for anyone who counsels or reaches out to homosexuals , a provision that would ensnare rights groups and others providing services to lesbians , gays , bisexual and transgender people . "  The knock-on effect of passing this bill will reach far beyond gay and lesbian people in Uganda , impeding the legitimate work of civil society , public health professionals and community leaders , " said Aster van Kregten , deputy Africa director at Amnesty International . Homosexuality is illegal in most African countries , where sodomy laws were introduced during colonialism . In Uganda , homosexual acts are punishable by 14 years to life in prison , according to rights activists . But lawmakers in the conservative nation sought tougher legislation , saying Western lifestyle risks destroying Ugandan family units . "  This is a piece of legislation that is needed in this country to protect the traditional family here in Africa , and also protect the future of our children , " David Bahati , the lawmaker who first introduced the bill , said last year . "  Every single day of my life now I am still pushing that it passes . " Rights groups urged President Yoweri Museveni to veto the bill . To become law , it requires his signature within 30 days .	The bill calls for life in prison for "  aggravated homosexuality " It includes acts where one person is infected with HIV , "  serial offenders " and sex with minors The bill also proposes years in prison for anyone who counsels or reaches out to homosexuals
Des Moines , Iowa  CNN  -- Vice President Joe Biden headlined a small Catholic event Wednesday in Des Moines , Iowa , stoking speculation about his presidential aspirations . Biden used most of his speech to tout Nuns on the Bus , a group of liberal Catholic nuns who convey their message of social justice on road trips . But his praise for the group came in the form of stressing likely Democratic issues in the midterm elections : the importance of health care and growth of the middle class . "  This nation is stronger when every voice is heard and everyone has a seat at the table , " Biden said on the steps of the Iowa Capitol . "  Right now , only some of the voices are being heard , and as a result over the last couple of decades , things have gotten out of whack , folks . " Biden says use of ` offensive ' term Shylock was a poor choice To those in the audience , the presidential politics of the vice president 's visit were obvious . Biden has admitted he is thinking about running for president , and a recent CNN/ORC International poll found that 15 % of Iowa Democrats would like him to be the Democratic nominee in 2016 . The vice president 's trip comes on the heels of Hillary Clinton 's much-talked about trip Sunday to the Harkin Steak Fry , the annual outdoor fund - raiser run by Sen. Tom Harkin . The visit was Clinton 's most obvious step toward a presidential run since leaving the State Department in 2013 . In the same CNN/ORC poll , 53 % of Iowa Democrats favored the former secretary of state . "  Joe tells it like it is , and we are blessed to have him , " said Craig Stark from Clive , Iowa , who said he hopes Biden runs in 2016 . As for how he feels about Clinton , Stark said , "  Well , we do n't have dynasties like Bush dynasties . ... To me we need new blood . " The crowd also featured some of Biden 's most ardent supporters from his short-lived 2008 presidential campaign . "  Joe Biden knows how to tell the truth , whether it is the politically correct thing to say or not , " said John Olsen , who proudly said he supported Biden in the 2008 caucuses . "  You will become a fan of Joe Biden if you ever get a chance to meet him . He is the most personal , down-to-earth , lovable guy . " Clinton 's weekend visit was the first time she had been in Iowa since 2008 , but Biden is no stranger to the Hawkeye State . The vice president last visited a year ago when he spoke at the Harkin Steak Fry , the most important annual event for Iowa Democrats that is widely seen as a must-stop for Democrats considering a run at the White House . "  It 's amazing when you come to speak at the steak fry , a whole lot of people seem to take notice . I do n't know why the hell that is , " Biden joked then . "  You 've attracted the entire national press corps here . " Biden has also made a point to acknowledge Iowa on a regular basis . Biden called John Lundell , the new mayor of Coralville , Iowa , to congratulate him on his victory in November . And in May , Biden stopped by a party of Iowans in Washington for a lobbying trip . Wednesday 's speech was not Biden 's only stop in Iowa . During his visit , the vice president did a rope-line photo session with supporters of local Democratic campaigns , including congressional ones , according to campaign sources in Iowa . The photo session was seen as a perk for supporting local Democrats . Biden 's speech was the kickoff of the latest initiative from Nuns on the Bus in which the group will encourage voters in 36 cities along a 5,252-mile route to turn out and vote in the 2014 midterms . The vice president focused a great deal on what Democrats are talking about ahead of the election : the poor and middle class . "  Things are out of whack , " Biden said about the tax system in the United States . "  It comes down to a simple question of fairness . Americans have always done best when we acted as one America . Because when we do , the nation succeeds " He added : "  It is time for a fair tax structure ... one that values hard work as much as inherited wealth . ... It is time to close these tax loopholes , folks . " Nuns on the Bus was also active around the 2012 midterms . The group organized a multistate tour to bring attention to Rep. Paul Ryan 's proposed budget cuts for Medicare and other social welfare programs . Sister Simone Campbell , executive director of the group behind the bus tour , told CNN that Biden 's attendance was meant to encourage civic engagement but said the event was "  not partisan . " "  Right now , we are just doing what Pope Francis challenges us to do , " Campbell said . "  He says the heart of the problems of our society and our world is inequality and what we have to do is respond to the needs of the poor and those who are left out . " Campbell did n't comment about Biden 's presidential chances , but she said she had an idea about why he agreed to attend the Nuns on the Bus event . "  Every time I have seen him , he tells me that Catholic sisters help keep him Catholic , " she said with a laugh . "  I think part of the reason he is coming is his own nourishment and his support of us . "	Vice President Joe Biden travels to Iowa , a key state in presidential campaigns He speaks at an event for Nuns on the Bus , a social justice campaign Biden trails Hillary Clinton in recent polls for the Democratic nomination in 2016
CNN  -- The 18 operators of a high-end escort service allegedly banking on Super Bowl week to deliver "  party packs " of cocaine and prostitutes have been charged with drug and sex trafficking , New York authorities said Thursday . The nearly year-long undercover investigation discovered that in addition to selling the "  party packs , " the ring allegedly laundered the illegal proceeds through front businesses that included a clothing wholesaler , a wig wholesaler , a limousine service and a beauty supply wholesaler , New York Attorney General Eric Schneiderman said in a statement . The ring targeted wealthy customers in New York for large events , authorities said . Last week , a text message was blasted to frequent customers noting that "  new sexy & beautiful girls R in town waiting for u. " The enterprise also ran numerous advertisements on the Internet and on public access television . Last year alone , the ring made $ 3 million dollars in credit card sales , authorities said . Schneiderman said the ring involved thousands of clients and hundreds of prostitutes , primarily women from Korea brought by ring members to the United States . "  Every two months they would bring in a new wave of girls and they increased the importation ... because of the increase in demand that accompanies the Super Bowl , " Schneiderman told CNN 's Deborah Feyerick . Schneiderman said authorities were identifying the sex trafficking victims "  to try to get them out of this cycle of captivity , poverty and abuse . " "  This is not viewed any longer as a victimless crime , " he said . "  This is viewed as something where woman are seized in their own countries , they 're blackmailed and held in captivity . This is a crime with a lot of victims . We are approaching these cases now by identifying the woman as victims , not perpetrators . " Intercepted conversations involving the ring revealed that it used various code names for cocaine , including "  party , " "  jewelry , " "  powder , " "  maek " and "  Soojaebi , " a Korean noodle and vegetable soup , the statement said . The prostitutes delivered the cocaine to the customers in what was referred to as a "  party pack . " The enterprise allegedly generated millions of dollars in illegal proceeds and planned to target high-end clientele coming to the New York area for the Super Bowl this weekend . The 11-month investigation involved undercover investigators , physical and electronic surveillance and reviews of business records , the statement said . The attorney general 's Organized Crime Task Force and the New York Police found that the criminal enterprise spanned Manhattan , Brooklyn , Long Island , Queens and several states . The operation was based in Manhattan . Customers were charged for sex and drugs as a package deal , "  sometimes billing for cocaine in an equivalent number of ` hours ' of prostitution , " the statement said . The ring commonly supplied customers with large quantities of drugs to get them impaired , authorities said . Then the room would be flooded with additional prostitutes , and the customer 's credit cards would be charged , at times upward of $ 10,000 for one night . Through front businesses , the ring would charge credit cards for goods and services not actually provided in order to hide the purchases of cocaine and sex . Most of the 18 suspects were arrested but some were still being sought . Those charged with various felony and misdemeanor counts were identified as Tony Yoo , 34 ; Jopseh Landrum , 32 ; Hyun Ok Yoon , 41 ; Young Ok , 38 ; Kyung Chun Min , 33 ; Sun Lee Ahn , 56 ; Young Mi Lee , 40 ; Ji Young Moon , 40 ; Janice Lee , 35 ; Hee Jung Chern , 42 ; Haiming Quan , 41 ; Kyong Bin Cho , 44 ; Jung Hee Jang , 43 ; In Suk Cho , 49 ; Ji Young Lee , 34 ; Hada Jang , 26 ; Nina Kim , 31 ; Hajoung Heath , 40 .	Operators accused of selling "  party packs " of cocaine and sex Ring allegedly laundered money through front businesses Wealthy customers in town for the Super Bowl were targets
CNN  -- Hurricane Felicia had maximum sustained winds of 140 mph Thursday , but forecasters predicted the storm , which is heading toward Hawaii , would weaken in the Pacific later in the day . Forecasters predict Hurricane Felicia will weaken as it moves over colder water . The Category 4 storm 's reduction in intensity was expected to come as it moved over cooler waters , according to the National Hurricane Center in Miami , Florida . Felicia could reach Hawaii on Tuesday morning , according to forecast tracks , but by that time the storm will have weakened to a tropical depression with winds of about 35 mph , the center said . As of 8 a.m. local time , Felicia 's center was about 1,510 miles west-southwest of the southern tip of Mexico 's Baja California and 1,545 miles east of Hilo , Hawaii . Hurricanes 101 : How hurricanes are classified " The storm was moving northwest near 10 mph , and a gradual turn to the west-northwest was expected over the next 48 hours . "  If anything , it will be a rain-making system over the  Hawaiian  islands , " said Richard Knabb , deputy director of the Central Pacific Hurricane Center . Knabb said there are no real storm preparations under way in Hawaii , but officials are keeping an eye on the storm "  just in case . "	Hurricane Felicia reaches Category 4 status on Wednesday Storm expected to weaken before it hits Hawaii on Monday Hurricane season runs through November 30
CNN  -- Anita Mills was 382 pounds when a family doctor gave her four simple rules to lose weight : 1 . Eat 8 ounces of food every 3 hours 2 . No sugary drinks 3 . Do not skip meals 4 . Do not tell anyone what you 're doing Now 242 pounds lighter , Mills credits that last tip for helping her through the most difficult months of her weight loss journey . Not having someone questioning every bite or trying to persuade her to relax on weekends helped her focus on the goal . "  It 's so much better to walk into a room and have someone say , ` Hey , did you do something different ? ' than to announce , ` I 'm on a diet , ' and have people pointing fingers at you , " she said . The advice seems counterintuitive . Weight Watchers and similar groups tout support as a major reason for their programs ' success , and studies have found that accountability is important in accomplishing a goal . But telling family , friends and Facebook about your diet plans could have a detrimental effect , some experts say . Mills ' doctor , Jon Walz , gives all of his weight loss patients the same rules . He blames the need for secrecy on the culture of obesity . Since childhood , he says , we 've searched out people who look and act like us . "  People who are obese live with obese people . They find obese friends . Most  patients  do n't recognize how bad a lifestyle they have , how self-defeating a lifestyle is . . They think that culture 's normal . " As human beings we have a difficult time with change , Walz continues . So when someone we love alters his or her lifestyle , we have a problem dealing with it -- even if that transformation is positive . "  Deliberately or not , the family , the friends , the other people who are part of that individual 's culture will resist the change , " Walz says . "  They  will try to change them back to what the culture tolerates . " Mills has discovered the truth in his theory . After she dropped a significant amount of weight , she could n't hide her diet anymore . That 's when friends started drifting away . "  People are mean -- people who you would normally think would be supportive . One friend told me she liked it better when I was the fat friend . That hurt , " Mills said . There are other reasons to keep your weight loss plans to yourself . Dr. Peter Gollwitzer , a professor of psychology at New York University , studies how goals and plans affect cognition and behavior . In his research paper , "  When Intentions Go Public , " Gollwitzer describes how spilling the beans -- and the resulting response -- can change someone 's actions . Everyone has what Gollwitzer terms an "  identity goal " of some kind , whether it 's to be a good mother or a better scientist . In the case of weight loss , that goal is to be a successful dieter . To reach an identity goal , you need indicators of your accomplishments . For a scientist it 's published research papers or a boss ' recognition . For a dieter it could be pounds dropped or praise from friends/family when they see how great you look . Gollwitzer 's studies found that when you tell people what you intend to do , and that intention is acknowledged , the recognition qualifies as an indicator of accomplishment . "  The danger is that you feel that you have already reached the goal and because of that you do n't have to act on it any more , " Gollwitzer says . In other words , when you tell a friend that you 're planning to drop 20 pounds and she notices your good intention , you no longer feel the need to follow through with exercise or healthy eating . There are a number of ways to avoid this phenomenon . "  One is simple -- you can keep your mouth shut , " Gollwitzer says . "  Another one is to form different kinds of intentions , not only say what you want to do but also when , where and how you want to do it . " Such planning helps create situational action control , he explains . When you find yourself at the gym before work , the situation you mentally mapped out controls your behavior instead of your intention to exercise more . The third way , Gollwitzer says , is to tell only one or two people who hold power over you  metaphorically  so that they help you stick to your intentions . Select those people carefully , fitness and nutrition expert Bonnie MeChelle warns . The author of "  Accountability is Key " says people with negative energy or a trainer that does n't fit your style , wo n't help . But if you do find someone who will hold you responsible , share away . "  Tell them everything , " MeChelle says . "  Accountability is key because if you keep everything to yourself , no one is going to know what you 're doing -- no one is going to know if you fall off the wagon . " Whether you choose to share your diet plans or keep them secret , it 's important to remember exactly who you 're losing weight for . "  If you 're losing weight to please other people , your motivation will not be sustained to keep going when the going gets rough , " MeChelle says . And until you drop those extra pounds , you 're the only one who has to know .	Dr. Jon Walz tells all his weight-loss patients to keep their diet plans secret Research shows telling people your plans can have a detrimental effect Accountability is key , fitness expert says , but you have to pick your guides carefully
CNN  -- Both parties have received an electoral politics wake-up call , courtesy of a diversifying America . President Obama won re-election thanks in part to a 52-percentage-point spread among Latino voters , the nation 's fastest-growing electorate , according to election eve polling . In the America coming over the horizon , it is practically impossible to overcome such a number and win the race for president . According to the polling by Latino Decisions , Hispanic voters nationally and across every battleground state swung heavily to Democrats . And it was n't even close . Nationwide , the margin was 75 % to 23 % . And there were remarkable spreads in the tightest of swing states : 87 % to 10 % in Colorado , 82 % to 17 % in Ohio , 66 % to 31 % in Virginia .  CNN 's own poll showed a smaller but still significant spread nationwide -- 71 % to 21 % -- and in the swing states  . Even in Florida , with its large , Republican-leaning Cuban population , the Latino Decisions poll found that Latinos overall favored the president 58 % to 40 % . While these trends worked to Democrats ' advantage on the ground on Tuesday , that 's not entirely good news : A demographically challenged Republican Party is bad for America . As a nation , we are at our best when both parties work together to address difficult policy issues . And , in the case of immigration -- an issue of great concern to Latinos -- a bipartisan roadmap is good politics and great policy . Bringing the country together around a common-sense immigration process is not a bridge too far . In fact , while partisan politics dominated the national debate , faith , law enforcement and business leaders have worked with immigrant leaders across the political spectrum to forge a new consensus on immigrants and America . People who hold a Bible want change . "  Christians can agree on basic values to guide our decisions and help heal our land , " Luis Cortes , president of Esperanza , a Latino faith-based aid organization , said in a recent radio ad -- in which he shared air time with Richard Land , president of the Southern Baptist Convention 's Ethics and Religious Liberty Commission . It 's not every day that the leader of one of the nation 's largest Hispanic evangelical networks stands shoulder to shoulder with a Southern Baptist and presents a unified message . People who wear a badge also want reform . At a recent Midwest summit on immigration , Lake County , Illinois Sheriff Mark Curran said , "  We do n't need higher deportation levels ; we need to fix the system as it exists . " And job creators , people who own businesses , are yearning for common-sense reforms too . We know we need to find a solution when Larry Wooten , president of the North Carolina Farm Bureau , says , "  The longer national political leaders ignore the issue or use it as a political wedge , the more our farmers suffer because they can not find a sufficient labor pool to harvest their crops . " Post-election talk will focus on the president 's mandate . Immigration is different from other issues because the mandate for reform is clear , and it 's not only because of his vote margin among Latinos . "  Immigration is the most important thing to focus on if you 're concerned about America as an economic power . It 's not only good policy to have more immigrants to the United States ...  and  a path forward for those people who are here ; it 's also good politics . " That 's Grover Norquist , president of Americans for Tax Reform , who added , "  Hostility to immigrants is a vote-losing , not a vote-winning , issue . " When it comes to crafting a 21st century immigration process , Bibles , badges and business are ready to work with both Democrats and Republicans to reach a consensus . Americans are ready for a just immigration system that treats all people with dignity and respect . Our leaders in Washington -- of both parties -- can and must deliver . As we saw Tuesday , their electability may depend on it . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ali Noorani .	Ali Noorani : Both parties got electoral politics wake-up call from a diversifying U.S. He says Latinos heavily favored Democrats , but an out-of-touch GOP bad for America He says bipartisan approach on immigration is good politics and good policy Noorani : People across country want immigration reform ; both parties must deliver
CNN  -- ItÂ ´ s the ultimate repair tool . A silicone material that can be shaped like playdough , can bond to almost any surface and after a few hours of exposure to air becomes a super tough , durable rubber . "  Sugru " - coming from the Irish word for "  play " - is now being used to fix leaky pipes , create custom-made handles and even help a disabled , fingerless canoeist modify one of her paddles . Unlike existing moldable putty , Sugru does n't go rock hard when dry , but stays flexible , waterproof and heat resistant up to 180 degrees Celsius  356 degrees Fahrenheit  . "  We think that Sugru can be something as big or bigger than duct tape , superglue or anything else that you use to repair , " says its Irish-born inventor Jane Ni Dhulchaointigh . However , like many great inventions before , it only came into existence by chance . Ni Dhulchaointigh , a design student at the Royal College of Art in London at the time , had been messing around in the workshop , trying out new combinations of materials when she started mixing silicone adhesive and wood-waste into small balls . They looked like wood when finished , but when you threw them on the floor they would bounce . "  I thought , that 's random , " says Ni Dhulchaointigh , who admits many other designers might have then left it at that . "  But for me , I knew that there was something there . There was something a little bit magical . I just did n't know what it was . " It was only as she began using bits of the material around her home to repair things that she had what she calls her "  eureka moment " and came to realize its real usefulness and application . "  Every time I 'd make up a batch of it for my experiments , I 'd have bits left over . I hate wasting stuff so I started using the leftovers around my house just to fix little things , I modified a kitchen knife that was really uncomfortable . My sink plug was just slightly too small , so I just made a little ring to make that work . "  I was doing it completely unconsciously . And I was there beating myself up going , I ca n't find the application for this material , until my boyfriend James said to me one night , maybe there 's not this one perfect thing for this material . Maybe what you 're doing in the kitchen is actually the thing . " It took six years of hard work before the first packs of her material were being sold to consumers . Her story from the workshop to marketplace , together with the help of business partners and friends , has been a familiar one of luck , near bankruptcy and late salvation . "  It has been a long journey , " she says . "  First of all , the technology has been difficult to invent . But second of all , you know , we 're not a big company with big budgets behind us . " Send your photos of Sugru fixes to CNN 's iReport "  We 've been doing it on a shoestring for years . And anyone who 's ever pitched for investment funding will know it 's a bitch . It 's really difficult for an unlikely group of people to get investment funding . I mean , we probably pitched to over 100 investors where we got , maybe two or three over the years . " Around 2008 , five years after she first came up with the idea , with a product almost ready to launch , Jane and her small team of partners found themselves close to running out of money , as promised investment from major manufacturers failed to materialize . Watch : See how versatile and strong Sugru is In a last ditch attempt , they decided to scrape together enough money to build their own "  little cottage industry factory " and do it themselves . And with the help of family and friends they put together 1,000 packs . "  What we 're quite good at is design , it 's what we do , so we had a fantastic package design and a really great website design . When we went live it looked like we were much bigger than we were . " From that point , the investors came on board fast and in less than three years they have ballooned to annual sales of $ 2 million , a staff of 25 and a customer base of more than 100,000 across 100 countries . Perhaps , the most unique thing about Sugru is that its practical uses is being demonstrated not by its inventor , but by the general public . Thousands of people have posted comments and pictures on Twitter , YouTube and other websites showing how they have put the material to good use . "  We get emails every day with pictures and stories of what people have done . They do things with it that we could n't have dreamed of . It feels like magic sometimes . " Ni Dhulchaointigh says her product is the ultimate tool in the battle against wastefulness . "  I think it can really benefit our urban way of life , where we depend so much on buying new things all the time and replacing them if they 're not quite right . It 's not only wasteful , but it does n't make the most of us as human beings with all the potential that we have . "	Sugru is a self-setting rubber material which sticks tight to almost any surface Irish inventor tells CNN about how she created the versatile product and its worldwide success Silicone-based product molds like putty but remains extremely strong and supple Sugru hacks regularly posted on Twitter and YouTube by satisfied customers
CNN  -- Debra Lafave , a former Florida middle school teacher convicted of having sex with a student , was arrested Tuesday for "  inappropriate but non-sexual contact " with a teenage coworker , the Hillsborough County Sheriff 's Office said . Debra Lafave was arrested after talking with a teenager . She is not allowed to have contact with anyone under 18 . The association violated the terms of Lafave 's probation , which forbade her to have contact with anyone under 18 , the sheriff 's office said . She was released on her own recognizance . Lafave and her mother , Joyce Beasley , had no comment as they left the jail . "  I can only characterize this as somewhat of a bizarre and unusual violation , " said Lafave 's attorney , John Fitzgibbons . Lafave , 27 , pleaded guilty in November 2005 to having sex with a 14-year-old boy and was sentenced to three years under house arrest and seven years of probation . Lafave was also required to register as a sex offender and abide by numerous conditions . She was arrested after corrections officers interviewed a 17-year-old girl , who worked at a restaurant where Lafave had been employed since January 2006 , according to the violation report from Florida 's Corrections Department . Watch Lafave 's ex-husband discuss the allegations " The teenager told the officers that Lafave discussed "  non-work related issues such as family problems , friends , high school , personal life , boyfriend issues and sexual issues in both private one-on-one conversations " with her and in group settings , according to the report . "  I would characterize this simply as ` girl talk , ' or ` guy talk , ' if you will , among fellow employees , that all of us do every day , " Fitzgibbons said . "  This is it . There 's no more , there 's no less . ... I would describe it as simply a workplace friendship . " The co-worker will turn 18 on January 2 , Fitzgibbons said . Lafave refused to make a statement regarding the allegations , the document said . She was ordered to quit the restaurant job and now works as a receptionist in her mother 's barber shop , the report said . Lafave says she suffers from bipolar disorder and is receiving treatment . Fitzgibbons said his client has done everything required of her , living with her parents and leaving only to go to work . She has done so well on two years of house arrest , he said , that he has been planning to ask that the third year be waived . Fitzgibbons said he still intends to make that request , and hopes Lafave 's arrest will not hurt that effort -- "  I would hope that the court would be understanding . " "  She 's really tried hard , so it 's upsetting to her , " he said of the arrest , but noted it was "  unheard of " for someone on probation for a sexual offense to be released on her own recognizance . E-mail to a friend	Debra Lafave 's probation forbids her to have contact with anyone under 18 Florida 's Corrections Department : Lafave talked with 17-year-old coworker The two discussed family problems , sexual issues , report says Lafave was ordered to quit the job because of the allegations
CNN  -- Former world champion racing driver Michael Schumacher , who suffered severe head injuries in a weekend skiing accident in France , remained in stable condition Wednesday , his manager said . Sabine Kehm said Schumacher had been carefully supervised overnight . "  His condition remains stable overnight and this morning , " she said . "  This is the good news -- however I do n't want to go into any further prospects because it 's much too early , as the doctors said yesterday , " she said . Doctors treating Schumacher at the University Hospital Center of Grenoble will not give a news conference unless there is a significant change in his condition , she said . "  We are still in a critical situation , " she said . Schumacher remains in an artificially induced coma . On Monday night , doctors carried out a surgical intervention that relieved some pressure on Schumacher 's brain . The surgery , which took about two hours , involved the removal of a large hematoma , the head of anesthesiology , Jean-Francois Payen , said Tuesday . Schumacher , the most successful driver in Formula 1 history , suffered severe head trauma after falling while skiing Sunday in Meribel , in the French Alps . Kehm recounted more details Tuesday of how the accident happened , gleaned from Schumacher 's son and friends who were skiing with him . The party was in an area of deep snow when Schumacher helped a friend who had fallen , she said . As he set off again and went to make a turn , he seems to have hit a rock hidden under the snow . This catapulted him into the air and he fell head down with all his weight onto another rock , she said , resulting in severe injuries to his head . He was not traveling fast at the time , she added . In a statement released Tuesday , Schumacher 's family expressed thanks for the outpouring of support from people around the world . "  They are giving us great support . We all know he is a fighter and will not give up , " the statement said . Schumacher , who turns 45 Friday , won a record seven world titles in his spectacular Formula 1 career . CNN 's Saskya Vandoorne contributed to this report .	Michael Schumacher was closely monitored overnight and Wednesday morning His condition remains critical but stable , his manager says Doctors say it is too early to speculate about his long term prognosis He suffered severe head trauma after falling while skiing in the French Alps
CNN  Indiana 's controversial religious freedom law has been in hot water lately . After a firestorm of backlash and protests , Gov. Mike Pence said on Tuesday that the state will "  fix " the Religious Freedom Restoration Act , or RFRA , so it will not discriminate against gays and lesbians . Pence is making the right call . Promoting the false dichotomy between protecting religion versus protecting equality serves no one . Not all people who dislike the law hate religion , and not all people who like the law want to discriminate against the LGBT community . If people of good will come together , liberty and equality can both be saved . The unbelievably easy way to fix Indiana 's RFRA is to add one small amendment , one easy line codifying that discrimination against the LGBT community is harmful , and that there is a compelling governmental interest in eliminating that harm . In general , it is a good thing for society to shape its laws in ways that allow people to live their lives consistent with their sincerely held religious obligations . As Americans , we value and always have valued the freedom and expression of religion . Sometimes , a law seems to impose only modest burdens on the people it affects , but in practice it actually severely burdens the religious practices of a few . In those situations , if there is no compelling governmental interest in enforcing that law in that particularly burdensome way -- and if no one else is harmed -- then religion should be granted an exemption . Shifting the burden to the government to prove that it really does need to apply this law in this particular way will not allow every person to become a law unto themselves ; it simply sends the message that religion is important , and unless there are specific and compelling reasons why , people should be allowed to practice as they need . These are the reasons why the federal RFRA was passed in 1993 , and why it had bipartisan support . These are wholesome American values that everyone can get behind . The problem is that we no longer live in 1993 , 10 years before Lawrence v. Texas , and 20 before U.S. v. Windsor . In 1993 , our sensibilities were different ; there was not yet a national conversation about the need to protect the rights and dignity of members of the LGBT community . Timing matters because society changes , and now that our horizons have been broadened we can not just keep insisting that the law was never intended to discriminate and worked just fine 22 years ago , before we realized its negative potential . Even if not a single lawmaker consciously intends the bill to be used as a shield for discrimination , we still have to take seriously Justice Oliver Wendell Holmes ' claim about unintended consequences . To put it simply , you have to be concerned with what the law allows a person to get away with . The concern is real . Because Indiana does not have a law prohibiting discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation , the bill as drafted might allow people who were so inclined to discriminate , and simply assert that they could do so based on a religious belief . Public perceptions matter . Whether or not lawmakers think so , it certainly seems relevant to the general public that this bill was passed with important national decisions about marriage equality on the horizon and right after the ruling in Baskin v. Bogans that Indiana 's same-sex marriage ban was unconstitutional . Writing for the Seventh Circuit panel in 2014 , Judge Richard Posner 's rationale in the case of Baskin v. Bogan provides the obvious answer for how to fix the RFRA deficiency without changing what it is that it defends . Courts have long held that a religious exemption can not be granted if it allows you to shift the harm to a third party , and -- as Posner explained so simply -- discrimination is harmful . RFRAs are not inherently evil . The message can be nondiscriminatory and religion can be protected . The principles of RFRA can remain unchanged ; it is just the definition of harmful that evolves . A few simple words have the potential to completely change the conversation , send an important message about the value of equality , and make Indiana into a shining beacon of cooperation : the real "  crossroads of America . " Doing so would go a long way toward restoring its reputation as a place of great opportunity for all to live and worship and work .	Gov. Mike Pence is making the right call to fix Indiana 's religious freedom law , which can be used for discrimination Mark Goldfeder : Indiana should aim to be a shining beacon of cooperation : the real "  crossroads of America "
LONDON , England  CNN  -- From bedroom creators to big studios , hand-drawn to CGI , animation has charmed and entertained children -- and , increasingly , adults -- for many years . The Screening Room went to Annecy in France to discover the secrets of success in animated films ... Annecy has hailed animators like director Tim Burton , seen here receiving a special award at Annecy in 2006 . Annecy is the Cannes of animation . The French town , which lies close to the Swiss border just 40 kilometers  25 miles  from Geneva , has hosted the International Animated Film Festival for almost half a century and attracts a younger crowd than many of the major film festivals . With prizes for long and short features , television and student animation , Annecy highlights a wide variety of different types of animation and budgets . One veteran of Annecy is Craig Decker , known as worldwide cult figure "  Spike " and co-founder of "  Spike and Mike 's Sick & Twisted Festival of Animation . " Beginning 30 years ago as a means of bringing independent animation to new audiences , the touring festival was instrumental in showcasing the early works of legendary animators such as Tim Burton , Pixar 's John Lasseter and Aardman 's Nick Park , as well as the first episode of "  Beavis and Butthead . " Spike explained to CNN the challenge of getting animation taken seriously . He said , "  Originally we had to deal with the stigma . We showed great films like National Film Board of Canada -LSB- pieces -RSB- , or "  Tin Toy " by John Lasseter , works of art , masterpieces that take two to three years to make , and we had to deal with , ` What is it ? Cartoons like Bugs Bunny or something like that ? ' And over the years we 've educated the public , and we 've put animation in the context of a very cool thing -LSB- with -RSB- a young , hip , adult audience of 18 and over . " Stop-motion classics One of Spike and Mike 's biggest fans , Nick Park , won the Annecy award for Best TV Animation with "  Shaun the Sheep , " a spin-off from "  A Close Shave , " one of Aardman 's famous Wallace and Gromit short features that grabbed an Oscar . Stop-motion is also close to the heart of director Tim Burton , who employed the technique on "  Corpse Bride " and "  The Nightmare Before Christmas . " He said , "  Because it 's such an old-fashioned technique , a lot of it truly has to do with finding the right group of animators , the right group of people to build the puppets , because a lot of things are being done by computer now . Very few people are doing this style of animation . " Allison Abbate , a producer on "  Corpse Bride , " added , "  Stop motion is an age-old process as far as animation in film-making goes . It has n't really changed since the days of King Kong - we used new technology in ` Corpse Bride ' to bring it into a new century . " Appropriate animation "  I think there 's room for all types of animation , " she continued . "  It depends on the story . The story should really decide how you tell it . I think there are stories that are better made in 2-D and CGI and that 's what you 'd go for . " 2-D animation is the mainstay of Japanese anime - a subject so vast it will command its own feature in a subsequent edition of the Screening Room . The film "  Paprika " has won worldwide critical praise during the past year as a sophisticated example of the art , whose keenest supporters are sometimes contemptuous of their Hollywood animation counterparts . Asia is becoming an increasingly powerful force in animation , where companies who traditionally provided a cheap source of labor for animation studios are now using their skills to take a leading role in the creative process . UTV Toons is one of several Indian companies forming partnerships with big U.S. production houses to make new animated features . Combination of skills Animation requires a combination of several skills , as producer Allison Abbate explained . She told CNN that animators face many complex challenges . "  Animators have to know how to move things , how things work anatomically in a space , but they also have to know how to act , how to emote and that is what makes animation so different from live action . It is so crafted , one frame at a time . " But Spike points out that the rewards animation promises can be very high . "  Obviously in features , look at the most successful films , " he told CNN . "  They 're nearly all animated Pixar pieces or , if it 's live action , it 's the special effects animation that carries the film . " And the future ? Spike believes animation is going mobile . He said , "  Internationally , what 's exciting is with new media : with digital ; with broadband ; with mobile phones . That 's where we 're going with our stuff . " E-mail to a friend	The International Animated Film Festival in Annecy is the Cannes of animation Festival highlights the best in animation , from student work to studio shorts Experts say the future of animation is on mobile devices
Budget Travel  -- Perhaps they 're not the first place you think of when it comes to wineries , but these four regions offer character and great wine , without the hoopla . Stone Hill Winery is set high on the bluffs overlooking the Missouri River . Walla Walla Valley , Washington In the mid-90s when oenophiles started to buzz about the region 's Bordeaux-style wines , there were 10 wineries in Walla Walla . Today , there are more than 100 , mostly accessible from Highway 12 . With wine comes food , and gourmands like Alexa Palmer and Charles Maddrey have been pouring into town in the past decade . Two years ago , Palmer and Maddrey left their jobs as owner and chef , respectively , of an Italian restaurant in Renton , Washington , to open the Fat Duck Inn in the heart of Walla Walla . Each of the four guest rooms at their renovated Craftsman-style bungalow has a fireplace and a large tiled bathroom , and Maddrey can pack box lunches of gourmet charcuterie and cheeses , sandwiches , fruit , and dessert for picnics  fatduckinn.com , rooms from $ 125 , lunch $ 13  . Palmer recommends enjoying them on the outdoor patio near the bocce ball courts at Cougar Crest Estate Winery , west of town on Highway 12  cougarcrestwinery.com , tasting $ 5 , refundable with wine bottle purchase  . Budget Travel : See the four unexpected wine trails The highway takes you back toward downtown Walla Walla , a preserved 19th-century Western town , where food options range from a burrito stuffed with beef , cheese , and local sweet onions at the Tacos La Monarca truck  509/522 -2866 , $ 5  , to Turkish flatbread wrapped around spiced lamb and topped with yogurt sauce at Saffron Mediterranean Kitchen , whose chef was recently a semifinalist for a James Beard Award  saffronmediterraneankitchen.com , $ 13  . Highway 12 continues east toward K Vintners , a converted farm shed with a capital K painted on its front and a 12-foot cement statue of the letter by the entrance . Here , former band manager Charles Smith blasts music by the Raveonettes and the Ramones -- both personal friends -- and serves his signature K Syrah in honor of his favorite toast : Que sera  kvintners.com , tastings free , by appointment  . -- Alison Rohrs Anderson Valley , California Twisting from Cloverdale , California , to the Pacific Ocean , a 16-mile portion of Highway 128 passes through the organic apple orchards , olive groves , and redwood forests of Anderson Valley . Some of the more than 20 vineyards along the way supply pinot noir grapes for famous wineries in Napa and Sonoma , but you can taste similar vintages at the farm-style Anderson wineries -- minus the popped-collar crowds . Navarro Vineyards lets babydoll sheep  too petite to reach the fruit  graze under the vines , and free-range chickens wander the vineyards to help keep pests under control . Daily tours of the grounds and tastings of the star wines -- pinot noir and dry Alsatian-style whites -- are both free  navarrovineyards.com  . About 10 miles northwest along the highway , gewürztraminer grapes thrive in the rich soil and foggy mornings at Lazy Creek Vineyards . Longtime owners of Sonoma 's Ferrari-Carano Vineyards and Winery , Don and Rhonda Carano , acquired the rural estate last year  lazycreekvineyards.com , tastings free  . Nearby , Husch Vineyards -- the oldest in the valley , and owned by the Oswald family -- has 10 picnic tables : some in the sun , some sheltered under vine-covered pergolas . Past an arch of roses , the family pours complimentary samples of sauvignon blanc and pinot noir in a century-old redwood tasting room  huschvineyards.com  . Like their neighbors to the north , Bob and Linda Klein also run a vineyard and farm at LindaVista Bed & Breakfast in Yorkville  a separate wine region in the Anderson Valley  . Each of the two huge suites in their 6,000-square-foot French Victorian-style inn comes with a queen-size bed , a separate sitting room with a daybed and trundle , a full bath , and mountain views  lindavista.com , $ 150  . Along the route , you can stop for one of 60 varieties of apples at Gowan 's Oak Tree , on an orchard just north of Philo  707/895 -3353  . -- Alison Rohrs Between Hermann and New Haven , Missouri What the Hermann Wine Trail  hermannwinetrail.com  lacks in size -- there are only six wineries along the 20-mile stretch -- it makes up for in experience . The region has been producing vintages since the 1840s , before Napa had produced a single bottle . The Captain Wohlt Inn makes an ideal home base -- and not just because it 's in the center of Hermann 's adorable historic district . The breakfasts of upside-down apple French toast , three-cheese quiche , or baked eggs with turkey bacon and herbs are exactly what you need to prepare you for a day of sampling wines  captainwohltinn.com , from $ 75  . Less than a mile away , the family-run Adam Puchta Winery gives free tastings in the estate 's original stone house with wood-beamed ceilings . For many of the 16-18 wines , you 'll get a bite of something to help you identify the flavors . A Key-lime shortbread cookie brings out the fruit flavors in the vignoles , a sweet white wine , and a piece of chocolate softens the tannins in the dry red Norton  adampuchtawine.com  . The picnic tables on the grounds make the perfect lunch spot , so on the way to the winery , stop at husband-and-wife-owned Time for Pie to pick up some bratwurst sandwiches and one of the 15 kinds of homemade pie  time4pie.com , pie $ 3 per slice  . Two and a half miles down the road , Stone Hill Winery is set high on the bluffs overlooking the Missouri River -- one can imagine that the terrain reminded German settlers of their native Rhine River valley . Tours of the 162-year-old arched cellars , where wine is still stored , end in the tasting room , where you can try the chardonel , a dry , buttery white that 's similar to a chardonnay , and the limited-edition vintage port . Next to the tasting room , Stone Hill 's original stable is now Vintage Restaurant , where the menu ranges from hearty German specialties like schnitzel to more refined entrées like filet mignon  stonehillwinery.com , tours $ 2.50 , tastings free  . Beth Collins Charlottesville , Virginia Virginia 's premier wine country , dotted with working farms and over 1,000 acres of grape vines , spreads out around the city of Charlottesville in the foothills of the Blue Ridge Mountains . The free tour at 20-acre Jefferson Vineyards both explores the winery and recounts the history of Virginia wine making  jeffersonvineyards.com , tasting $ 5  . The viognier , with aromas of honeysuckle and apricot , is an ideal refresher , and from the deck at the tasting room , visitors have a view of Carters Mountain and Jefferson 's home , Monticello , a mile and a half north , where a recently opened visitors center introduces guests to the founding father 's life and ideas  monticello.org , from $ 15  . Jefferson 's master builder also built Dinsmore House , a B&B just a block from the University of Virginia . The decor deliberately recalls the colonial era , but the amenities -- Wi-Fi and flat-screen TVs -- are right up-to-date  dinsmorehouse.com , from $ 109  . South of Monticello is Kluge Estate Winery and Vineyard , whose 2005 blanc de blanc has hints of candied apple and lemon custard  klugeestateonline.com , tasting $ 10  . About 18 miles west of Charlottesville , in Crozet , King Family Vineyards occupies 15 acres on a farm where polo ponies are raised ; visitors can watch polo matches for free on Sundays from Memorial Day through the end of September  kingfamilyvineyards.com , tasting $ 5  . For a picnic at the vineyard , the Crosé , a dry rosé , pairs well with the tomato sauce on a pie from perennial favorite Crozet Pizza . Be prepared for a wait at the 32-year-old institution ; some call this the best pizza in the state , and people come from miles around to combine toppings from the list of over 30 options , including zucchini , peanuts , and bacon  crozetpizza.net , from $ 11.50  . -- Thomas Berger Get the best travel deals and tips emailed to you FREE - CLICK HERE ! Copyright © 2009 Newsweek Budget Travel , Inc. , all rights reserved . Note : This story was accurate when it was published . Please be sure to confirm all rates and details directly with the companies in question before planning your trip .	There are more than 100 wineries in Washington 's Walla Walla Valley Navarro Vineyards in Anderson Valley , California , offers daily tours and tastings Virginia 's premier wine country spreads out around the city of Charlottesville
Editor 's note : In our Behind the Scenes series , CNN correspondents share their experiences in covering news and analyze the stories behind the events . Here , John Vause describes the effect tainted food has had on a foreigner . CNN 's John Vause says he 's lost 10 pounds in recent weeks as reports of tainted food have come out in China . BEIJING , China  CNN  -- Eating out in China used to be one of the great experiences of living here . I often thought going out with friends and colleagues for dinner was a bit like the game of "  Hungry Hungry Hippos " -- vast quantities of amazing food that made dining a pleasure . Best of all , it was affordable and palatable . But these days , the joy of anticipation of what the next dish will bring has been replaced with , well , the dread of what the next dish may contain . When ordering at restaurants , I wonder : Is that drug-tainted fish and shrimp ? Did that pork come from a pig that was force-fed wastewater ? Any melamine added to those noodles ? Those are among some of the recent food scares here . Even drinking a glass of water instills fear : A recent government report found half the bottled watered in this city was counterfeit . I was never a particularly brave soul when it came to eating at exotic little restaurants here , but now I am terrified . When traveling across China , that fear goes off the charts . Packing for trips now includes muesli bars made in the United States and imported almonds . Watch food elitism in Hong Kong " And then there is the grocery shopping . Everyone else around the world it seems is buying cheap food and other products made in China . Not the Vause house . My wife searches across this city for breakfast cereal made in the United States . We have meat and fish flown in from Australia , milk from New Zealand , and on it goes . Some things are unavoidable , but we do our best . Maybe it 's irrational on my part . Certainly many friends who have lived here longer than I have insist there 's nothing to fear . They argue in a country this size there will always be isolated cases like the ones that have surfaced lately . But I have another perspective . In a Communist country where corruption is rampant and the press appears only free to go after the little guy , I believe the deep systemic problems go unreported -- that is until dogs and cats in the United States start dying from pet food made with Chinese-tainted ingredients and the world starts asking China some very difficult questions . The Communist leadership has acknowledged the corruption problem in China and they know they can make all the pronouncements about food quality they want from Beijing . But that means almost zilch as long as the local businessmen are paying off local officials who are paying off the local police who are meant to enforce whatever new standards and regulations are announced . And that 's the rub . There 's a fortune to be made cutting corners and ignoring the rules , and almost no risk if you get caught . Watch the cures that kill There are notable exceptions . For instance , the former head of China 's Food and Drug Administration was executed for taking bribes and approving deadly medicine . The People 's Daily , the mouthpiece for the Communist Party , wrote the day after Zhen Xiaoyu 's death sentence was carried out that it was a warning to all officials . "  Corrupt elements will be thoroughly investigated no matter who they are , how high their post , or how deep they hide , and there can be no appeasement or softness , " it said . I have my doubts . I also met with the general manager of one of the companies at the center of the melamine-tainted rice gluten exports earlier this year . He was in prison and looked dazed and confused . I got the distinct impression that he had no idea why he was in jail for something widely believed being done by so many others . It 's just that his melamine loaded rice gluten killed dogs and cats in the United States . The bottom line is : If you 're worried about Chinese exports , rest assured the local stuff is without doubt many , many times worse . It 's scary to live here not knowing if the food and drinks are safe . But on the upside , in the last month , since the food scare story really took off , I 've dropped 10 pounds . I guess there is an upside to everything . E-mail to a friend	CNN 's John Vause says ordering food in China has been replaced with dread Vause : It took pet food scare in U.S. to get Beijing to answer tough questions China says execution of former FDA chief is a message to others
CNN  -- They hand out food , issue fines , punish offenders and have their own set of keys . It sounds like a guard 's job . But in prisons throughout Honduras , a new report says , it 's the inmates who are in charge . "  Internal control of the prisons has been ceded into the hands of the prisoners themselves , " the Inter-American Commission on Human Rights said in a report released last week , claiming the situation has spread through all 24 of the nation 's prisons and is one of the most serious problems the country faces . The Honduran government does n't deny it . As he ordered troops into one prison after clashes erupted there on Saturday , President Porfirio Lobo called it an "  unacceptable situation " and acknowledged that a "  reign of crime from within " plagues the country 's prison system . At a meeting on Monday , he said , government security officials will present proposals to end the criminal reign . In the meantime , prisoners are reportedly running facilities throughout the country . And last week 's report from the Organization of American States ' commission details how they do it . ` The line of death ' In a massive prison in the world 's murder capital , a painted yellow mark on the ground separates the inmates from the guards . They call the line in the prison in San Pedro Sula , Honduras , "  the line of death , " according to the human rights report . "  The prison guards know that they must not cross into the yard ... without the authorization of the inmates , while the inmates refuse to leave the external perimeter in police custody , " the report says . There are two padlocks on the prison gate , the report says . The guards lock the outside , and the inmates lock the inside . The situation is simple , one prison official told investigators . Authorities , the official said , "  have no power to change anything . " In one cell , decorations and wood-paneled walls Inside one cell in another prison , investigators from the human rights commission said they saw a sight that stood out from the typically squalid conditions : varnished , wood-paneled walls . The inmate had a private toilet , a large bed , a remote-controlled air conditioning unit and his own TV . Why ? He was what 's known as a "  coordinator " -- a key figure in the prison hierarchy . According to the report , his responsibilities include : applying disciplinary punishment ; setting the prices inmates pay to live in cells ; distributing and setting food prices ; and resolving conflicts that emerge during daily prison life . "  Above all , " the report says , "  the ` coordinators ' serve as spokesmen or liaisons with the prison authorities , and are really privileged prisoners who exercise a degree of decision-making power within the prisons , often sharing the benefits with the prison authorities . " Prison marketplaces Inside many of the nation 's prisons , inmates buy and sell food , clothes and household items in unregulated marketplaces , the report says . The system has serious consequences , the report argues , including promoting corruption and allowing illicit goods to enter the facility . In San Pedro Sula , for example , the prison yard houses a large bazaar . According to the report , there are "  barbers ' shops , cafeterias , bakeries , sales of fruit and food of all kinds , sales of medications and cloth , tailoring workshops , a cobbler 's shop , a leather workshop , carpentry , a cabinetmaker 's workshop , crafts , manufacture of mirrors , billiard tables , games tables and many soft drink dispensing machines . " A necessary evil ? Throughout the human rights investigators ' trip to Honduras , officials described self-government in the prisons as a "  necessary evil , " the report says . "  This system , as was observed , is accepted by the prison authorities as the only viable way of maintaining order and stability between them and the prison populations , and the ` coordinators ' are considered collaborators and even allies of the authorities . But authorities have also acknowledged that the widespread prisoner control of facilities has played a major role in contributing to corruption in the prison system . A year after deadly prison fire , questions remain The human rights report 's revelations come more than a year after a deadly prison fire in Honduras cast a global spotlight on prison conditions there . At the time , analysts said prison overcrowding likely contributed to the massive death toll of the February 2012 fire in Comayagua , Honduras , which claimed more than 360 lives . It 's a problem groups like Amnesty International and Human Rights Watch have condemned . Overcrowding remains rampant , the report says , with outdated facilities housing far more inmates than they were designed to hold . The report lists "  the lack of appropriate , safe physical installations , deplorable health and hygiene conditions , failure to provide adequate food and drinking water and the lack of adequate medical care " as significant concerns . The report notes that "  grave deficiencies ... led to the death of the victims of the fire , " including overcrowding , fire hazards and no signs for evacuation routes . And 18 months after the blaze , the government still has n't given a clear explanation of what happened , the report says . "  One of the hypotheses that the commission ask to be studied was the possible presence of criminal hands in the tragedy ... and really we see that there has not been up to now an investigation that has reached results proportionate to the duty of the state to investigate , " said Rodrigo Escobar Gil , a prisoner rights rapporteur for the commission . In one prison , shots ring out and troops take over After 15 people were injured and three people were killed during clashes at a National Penitentiary prison in Tamara , Honduras , on Saturday , Honduras ' president said he was sending in troops to take over . In a written statement , his office said that the government has taken steps to disarm prisoners and instituted other security measures at prisons nationwide . But they have n't been able to stop the "  criminal reign " within prisons , the statement . Last week 's report lists a series of recommendations for the Honduran government . Among them : reducing overcrowding , improving safety and taking back control from prisoners . Honduran officials have said they accept the human rights commission 's report and are pledging to reform the prison system . "  The panorama that the commission has exposed is the absolute truth , " said Jose Augusto Avila , coordinator of the country 's Penitentiary System Transition Commission . "  We can not deny it . " CNN 's Jessica King and Norman Powell and journalist Elvin Sandoval contributed to this report .	A report says Honduran officials have ceded control of prisons to inmates In one prison , the division between prisoners and guards is known as "  the line of death " Investigators describe large bazaars with food , household goods for sale Honduran President Porfirio Lobo sends troops into one prison after clashes erupt
CNN  -- As scientists from around the world gathered in San Francisco for the American Geophysical Union meeting , the success stories are pouring in . On Monday , the Mars Curiosity mission team released a new study showing that the former lake bed in which the Rover landed could once have supported microbial life . The Cassini mission to Saturn released a spectacular video of mysterious hexagonal clouds whirling over the planet 's pole . But the question on everyone 's mind is : Will these missions be allowed to continue ? The answer may well be : No . Next year 's NASA budget is poised to force premature cancellation of either Curiosity or Cassini -- the agency 's flagship missions . Funding decisions get made behind closed doors , but projected figures reduce Cassini 's budget in 2014 by almost half , and half again in 2015 , making it impossible to fly . Even funding for analyzing data will be "  restructured , " according to NASA . These cuts are not only devastating for scientists ; they are also potentially harmful for our economy , and our leadership in STEM  Science , Technology , Engineering and Math  . When most people think of spacecraft , they think of hunks of metal flying or driving around , alone in the far reaches of the solar system . Some are cute and personable , like the Opportunity Rover or Voyager ; some , like Cassini , are less well known . People might also recall the gorgeous photos spread across the front pages of the New York Times or on the cover of National Geographic . A few might even think of the famous scientists who have brought these pictures to life , like Carl Sagan , Steve Squyres , or Carolyn Porco . The robots ' stories and adventures captivate us . But what about the people who created and operate the robots ? Behind the scenes , largely invisible to the public , are many of America 's best scientists and engineers at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory , NASA centers , and research facilities who work on these missions to make space exploration possible . The budget cuts will affect America 's most experienced and most promising engineers and researchers . They may have to join the legions of the unemployed . Do we really want to put someone like Bobak Ferdowksi , NASA 's famous "  Mohawk Guy , " out of a job ? Some may think that space engineers can simply move to the private sector . After all , companies like Space X or Virgin Galactic are looking for talents . But private ventures involve different motives and skills . And private companies do not fund planetary science and experiments . Moreover , private and public research institutions from Cornell to Ohio State University rely partly on NASA grants to support their graduate students , post-docs , and other staff in STEM fields . In other words , NASA funding not only expands the frontiers of our knowledge , it also trains the next generation of STEM leaders in our country . The budget cuts would deprive our young scientists and engineers the resources to continue their studies and , in turn , contribute to America 's innovation . Seen in perspective , the looming budget adjustment along with all the cuts in recent years sentences America 's planetary exploration program to death by starvation . Cassini , for one , is already operating on a shoestring . And NASA has put plans for future missions to the outer solar system on ice , despite efforts by the planetary community to plan cost-effective and exciting opportunities . The continuous gutting of NASA and its planetary science programs should outrage all Americans . If we end the Cassini or the Curiosity mission , it would be a crisis not just for science but for America 's leadership in STEM . At a time when our math and science students are getting left behind , and the public is looking to our high tech and scientific sectors to power innovation and economic growth , we should invest in our sciences and continue to inspire the next generation . Let 's make sure our current best and brightest working on the cutting edge do n't get the pink slip . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Janet Vertesi .	NASA budget may force premature cancellation of either Curiosity or Cassini Janet Vertesi : The cuts not only hurt scientists , but also our leadership in STEM Vertesi : Do we really want to put someone like NASA 's famous "  Mohawk Guy " out of a job ? She says if we end the Cassini or the Curiosity mission , it would be a national crisis
CNN  -- For those on a quest to visit all 50 United States , each one is like a jagged piece of a very large jigsaw puzzle . Fitting in all 50 states is an impressive achievement . In fact , anyone who knocks 35 off the list is eligible for membership in the exclusive All Fifty Club , an organization that recognizes individuals who make it to every state with a plaque or certificate to commemorate their accomplishment . To "  visit " a state , a person has to step outside the airport and breathe the air , according to the organization 's website . Airport layovers mean nothing . Those who are truly passionate about making it to all 50 states often have their own criteria for crossing them off the list , from a hard-core requirement of staying in a state for more than a month to simply hopping out of the car to snap a picture at the border . American odyssey : 50 states in 31 years CNN asked avid 50-staters to run down their requirements . Here 's how it 's done : Go beyond the border Back in 1976 , Don Carswell of New Jersey , now 53 , and his friend Tom White made a bet to see who would be the first one to set foot in all 50 states . At stake was a six-pack of beer . In order to count a state as "  visited , " the two men agreed that they had to spend at least one full hour in a state during the day , be outdoors at least part of the time , set foot on the actual ground , and go beyond the state 's border . Airport property also did n't count . The bet lasted 15 years , until Carswell received a postcard from White declaring he had reached his 50th state . Carswell was still two states shy of completing his goal , making sure he followed the criteria they set when they first made the bet . It took seven more years for Carswell to visit Oregon , the one state he needed . "  Being one state shy annoyed me . I needed to take matters into my own hands , " he said . Sent to San Francisco on business in 1998 , he extended his stay to rent a car and drive north to Oregon . "  I was sure to send Tom a card , " Carswell recalled . It simply said , ' 50 ! ' " 50 states , 50 spots to visit in 2014 Let the kids choose Together the Holmes family of Pennsylvania has traveled to 40 states . Their oldest child , Cate , is barely a teenager . Wendy Holmes says that she and her husband , Chris , have been taking their 13-year-old daughter Cate and 7-year-old son Tom on trips since they were infants . Once Cate and Tom were old enough , Holmes and her husband started letting them take turns deciding where the family would go each year . Because the family often drives to their destinations , they try to stop in as many states as they can in one trip . "  We 're not competitive , " Holmes said , but they are strategic . "  We do have plans on which states to visit over the next few years so that we do hit 50 before our daughter leaves for college . " Holmes keeps track of the states they 've seen in an Excel spreadsheet , using the list to plan what stops they 'll make on future trips . "  We drive so much on our vacations and camp a lot . We 've actually gotten out and seen the states . " The family typically stays in each state they visit for three days , but apart from how long they stay , there 's really only one other agreed-upon criterion . "  My husband has  visited  46 states . He 's not allowed to get to 50 unless we 're all together . " Go back to fill in the blanks Justin Clark Pollard had a deadline to meet . He and his wife , Dana , had been taking long road trips during their summers off from teaching since 2009 . It was n't until their second big road trip in 2012 that they saw how close they were to visiting all 50 states , and they decided to go for it . But Pollard wanted to push this goal even further . The deadline : His 30th birthday . "  I used  turning  30 as a reason to do this , to keep traveling places I might not go otherwise , " he said . On an old road atlas he keeps in the glove compartment of a baby blue Nissan , Pollard kept track of all the states he and his wife visited . At the bare minimum , he considers getting a snapshot at a state 's border beneath the welcome sign enough to circle it on his map . But on average he and his wife try to stay in each state at least two days . They even took seasonal jobs at Glacier Bay National Park in Alaska for seven weeks so they would have the opportunity to really witness its wildlife . When they got back home to Georgia after their Alaska trip , Pollard 's deadline was fast approaching . With only three weeks until he turned 30 , the couple packed up and raced to hit the two states they had yet to see : Michigan and Wisconsin . Despite their short stay in each state , Pollard was not disappointed . "  No matter how much time I stay in a state , I 'm never going to see the whole thing , " he said . These road trips are "  highlight trips . " Now that he and his wife have seen all 50 states , they 're able to stay in one place a little longer . "  On the road trips we saw what all the states were known for , and now we can go back and explore them in depth . " Connect with people Long-time friends Kristin Sweetman and Katie Stern , both 29 , have put their lives on hold to embark on a seven-month journey across the country , volunteering in each state they visit . "  We were both at points where we needed direction in our lives . We were both in ruts and needed a change to do something else , " said Sweetman , who quit her job before leaving on this trip . Since the two women started on their journey from their homes in Minnesota on April 28 , they have already picked up nine states . They have been staying in each state for anywhere from three to five days , devoting one full day to volunteering and staying at campsites or with other volunteers they work with . In West Virginia , the women worked in a community garden with Conscious Harvest Cooperative , a group of West Virginia University students and Morgantown residents who grow food for local pantries . In the Adirondacks in upstate New York , they found a local farmer and helped him grow tomatoes . Next , they 're volunteering in Boston with Hope Lodge , baking snacks for the families of cancer patients . They 're journaling and blogging about their experiences in each state , and they use a calendar to keep themselves organized and on track . But they 're really in no rush to finish their journey across the country . They want to live in the moment and see where it takes them , Sweetman says . "  We want to connect with the different people we meet on this trip , " Sweetman said . "  There are so many people who have opened their homes and their hearts to us , and that 's how we get a true idea of what a place is really like . "	Visiting all 50 states is an impressive achievement that is celebrated by the All Fifty Club Avid 50-state travelers have their own criteria for what counts as "  visiting " a state Criteria ranges from snapping a photo at the border to taking time to connect with people
CNN  -- The father of a Florida girl who has been missing for nearly six months was charged Thursday with burglary with assault , police told CNN . Ronald Cummings was arrested on felony charges of burglary with assault , officials said . Ronald Cummings is being held on $ 12,500 bond for the felony charges , the Florida Putnam County Sheriff 's Office said . There were no other details on his arrest available . Cummings ' daughter , Haleigh Cummings , went missing from his home in Satsuma , Florida , on February 9 . Cummings has made several public pleas for information about his daughter 's disappearance , even begging whoever might be holding her to just return her home . Police have said they think Haleigh was abducted but have provided few details . In March , Cummings married his then-girlfriend Misty Croslin , who was the last person known to have seen the 5-year-old child alive , saying it was what Haleigh would have wanted . Croslin , 17 , said she tucked Haleigh and her 4-year-old brother into bed about 8 p.m. the night Haleigh disappeared . Croslin said she went to sleep herself at about 10 p.m. but awoke at 3 a.m. to find Haleigh missing and a back door propped open by bricks . Ronald Cummings called police and reported his daughter missing when he returned from work at dawn . CNN 's Maria White and John Couwels contributed to this report .	Ronald Cummings is being held on $ 12,500 bond He was charged Thursday with burglary with assault Daughter Haleigh Cummings went missing from his home on February 9
CNN  -- A federal appeals court has ordered a judge to rethink a ruling that would have led to the execution of a California inmate . The Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals ruling , released late Monday night , says a U.S. District Court must now set a hearing to determine the fate of death row inmate Albert Greenwood Brown . The ruling may delay Brown 's execution that was scheduled for Thursday . Brown was sentenced to death in 1982 for raping and murdering a high school student . His execution would be the first in California since 2006 , when legal challenges arose and prompted the state to revise its lethal injection procedure . The federal appeals court said a U.S. District Court made a mistake when it recently said that Brown should choose between a one-drug or a three-drug option for his lethal injection . "  The district court 's decision to provide Brown the choice of a one drug option is not consistent with California state law and procedures , " the court ruling said . "  California law does not provide the condemned a choice between a three-drug protocol or a one-drug option . " The ruling was not meant to decide Brown 's guilt or innocence , but only was considering the "  narrow issue of the manner and timing of Brown 's execution in a fashion that comports with the Eighth Amendment 's protection against cruel and unusual punishment , " the federal appeals court said . The ruling could also delay Brown 's execution for some time because California is running low on one of the drugs that is used in lethal injection . The state 's supply of sodium thiopental is set to expire on October 1 and will not be avaliable until early next year , the appeals court said . Brown was sentenced to death in 1982 for the rape and murder of Susan Jordan , who was walking to Arlington High School in Riverside when Brown pulled her into an orange grove , according to court documents . He raped and strangled her with her own shoelace and took her school identification cards and books . Later that evening , Brown looked up her family in the phone book and called their home , the documents state . "  Hello , Mrs. Jordan , Susie is n't home from school yet , is she ? " court documents quoted him as saying . "  You will never see your daughter again . You can find her body on the corner of Victoria and Gibson . " He also placed a call to police directing them to her body . During the investigation , three witnesses identified Brown as being near the scene of the crime . Police also found Susan 's school books and newspaper articles about her death in Brown 's home , and clothing with semen stains in Brown 's work locker . During the penalty phase of Brown 's trial , his lawyer claimed his client was remorseful and presented psychiatric evidence suggesting that Brown had emotional problems , including sexual maladjustment and dysfunction . The jury deliberated for three hours before returning a death verdict , according to an opinion issued September 19 by the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals . California 's last execution was on January 17 , 2006 , when Clarence Ray Allen was put to death for three counts of first-degree murder with special circumstances . From behind bars , he had helped orchestrate a deadly armed robbery at a convenience store . CNN 's Bill Mears , Augie Martin and Emanuella Grinberg contributed to this report .	If it proceeds , the execution will be the first since a lethal injection review Brown is asked to choose between single injection or three-drug cocktail He was sentenced to death in 1982 for the rape and murder of 15-year-old Susan Jordan
CNN  -- Leon Walker , a Detroit , Michigan , computer technician , faces a jury trial in February for allegedly hacking into his then-wife 's e-mail account . "  She 'd asked me to read her e-mails before , " Walker said in an interview this week . "  She gave me the password before . She did n't hide it . " Walker says the e-mails revealed that Clara Walker , who has been married three times , was having an affair with her second husband . Walker , the third husband , shared the documents with his wife 's first husband , who then used them to file an emergency motion to obtain custody of his son with Clara Walker . Leon Walker said he and the first husband were both concerned because , according to Walker , husband No. 2 had a prior arrest on a domestic violence charge . "  He took action with the courts to have himself protected and I took action with the court to have my daughter protected , " Walker said . When Clara Walker learned how the e-mails made their way into court , she complained to police . Oakland County , Michigan , Prosecutor Jessica Cooper used a state anti-hacking law to charge Leon Walker with a felony . Cooper did not immediately respond to CNN calls for comment , but the Detroit Free Press published a voice-mail from her . "  The guy is a hacker , " Cooper told the newspaper . "  It was password protected , he had wonderful skills , and was highly trained . Then he downloaded them and used them in a very contentious way . " The Michigan statute forbids someone from accessing "  a computer program , computer , computer system or computer network " to acquire property "  without authorization . " New York criminal defense lawyer Paul Callan said all 50 U.S. states have such laws , but he called this "  a highly unusual use of a criminal statute . " The laws are typically used to prosecute "  some technological guy who 's broken into a company 's computer system and damaged it or stolen something , " Callan said . Leon Walker 's defense lawyer agreed . "  I find it so hard to believe that our legislature would enact a law and say ` You know what , if husbands and wives are reading each others ' e-mail , that 's a priority for us and we 've got to stop that , ' " attorney Leon Weiss said . Walker said his decision to peek into his wife 's e-mail account was like someone kicking in a door to save someone from a burning house . "  Do you kick the door open or do you let it burn ? " Walker said . "  I did what I felt was absolutely necessary . " Clara Walker responded in a written statement submitted by her attorney , saying "  Leon is not the saint portrayed in the media . " "  If you believe news reports you would think he was the faithful husband looking to protect my children . Nothing could be farther from the truth , " she said . The couple 's divorce was finalized earlier this month . CNN 's Julie Cannold contributed to this report .	NEW : Clara Walker says her third husband is "  not the saint portrayed in the media " Leon Walker defends reading his then-wife 's e-mails to ensure his daughter 's safety Leon Walker is charged under Michigan 's anti-hacking law The law should target thieves , not spouses , his lawyer says
Cincinnati , Ohio  CNN  -- The build-up has been years in the making . From the cartoons that many of us watched as children , we envisioned a world where machines and robots would penetrate every aspect of our lives , where each household would have a Rosie the Robot to cook , clean , and put the kids to bed . Well , for most of us that washed our own dishes last night , we know that we are not there yet . The questions are : why are n't we there yet and when will we get there ? Well , the world of machines is real and it 's coming . Many refer to it as Machine-to-Machine  M2M  , the Internet of Things , or the Industrial Internet . All of these terms describe the same thing : automated technology that allows machines to exchange information with one another , resulting in a tangible benefit . This exchange of information is rapidly changing the way we work and live . You likely benefit from this technology every day without even knowing it . M2M applications are guiding you in your connected vehicles to the nearest Starbucks , or allowing you to remotely monitor your home from a smartphone . The applications bleed even more heavily into the enterprise space where companies are using M2M solutions to do everything from tracking the position of a high-value asset traveling through Europe to controlling the flow rate of an oil pipeline in North Dakota from an office in New York . Read related : 7 craziest things connected to the internet So , with this technology available , why are n't we there yet ? Why is n't M2M permeating every aspect of our business and personal lives yet ? And , more importantly , why am I still doing my own dishes ? Well , it is not due to lack of demand . Analysts and industry experts project that the Internet of Things will grow from connecting about 100 million devices today to more than two billion devices by 2021 -- representing a staggering 30 % compound annual growth rate  CAGR  . Do I think that this type of growth will become a reality ? Yes , but there are a couple of complexities that will first need to be worked out . As a matter of fact , complexity is the first of two threats to M2M growth . Many enterprise M2M solutions require months , if not years , and a significant financial commitment to get to deployment . With those daunting hurdles facing many technology decision makers , and despite an average return on investment at around 40 % , companies are deferring their M2M strategies . Obviously , this has to change in order for M2M to reach its immense promise . We need to get to a point where implementing an M2M strategy involves a matter of hours or days instead of months and years . When that is a reality , then we will start to see the realization of what M2M can be for both enterprise and consumer use . Read related : Cisco 's new , smarter network for the Internet of things The second threat to M2M growth has to do with the shift in the mobile industry towards 3G and 4G networks . At first glance , that seems a bit odd . How could enhancing the technology that M2M sits on pose a threat to its very future ? As mobile carriers negotiate with limited spectrum to support 4G rollouts , 2G networks are often sacrificed . The problem created is that M2M applications not only lose support , but they face significant expenses to enter into a 3G or 4G system where their data usage does not come close to justifying the costs , not to mention the significant capital investment required for a pricey 3G or 4G compatible device . Although I believe that M2M applications will evolve to a point where a 4G network will make sense , I do n't believe that we are there yet , nor will we be there for at least a couple more years . Thus , 2G will have to remain an integral part of the growth of the industry for the time being , and fortunately there are carriers that have pledged ongoing support for 2G . As momentum for the proliferation of the Internet of Things builds to forecasted levels and enterprises and individuals enter this brave new world , there will be some bumps along the road . However , it will be a much smoother and quicker ride into the future if application providers can find easy-to-implement solutions supported by networks that meet their tactical and financial objectives . When we get to that point , then you might just be able to kick back a little and let Rosie handle things . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of John Horn .	M2M technology allows machines to exchange information with one another 100 million devices are already connected Industry analysts predict there will be two billion M2M-connected devices by 2021 Long development periods and adoption of 4G connectivity has held technology back , says John Horn
CNN  -- The French Riviera , that picture-perfect stretch of beach-hugging Mediterranean coastline , looks just like a fabled playground of the rich-and-famous would if an artist drew it . And many of the most renowned , from Claude Monet to Henri Matisse , certainly did . August is when many French residents escape their cities , towns and villages and head out "  on holiday , " but weather-wise , it 's a great time to visit the Riviera  or the Côte d'Azur , as the Riviera is called en français  . But so is the fall , the spring -- even the so-called "  off-season " after New Year 's for those who prefer their crowds thin , traffic light and prices less steep . Travel Snapshots : Share your photos from the South of France Talk about an embarrassment of riches . From the Italianate pastel charms of Menton and Nice to the sexy , sybaritic lure of Cannes and St-Tropez , the sun-splashed South of France has it all . Here are 10 ways to savor it , no matter when you go . 1 . Go strolling in style . Just like a supermodel blessed with natural beauty and great bones , the Riviera loves to show itself off . So take advantage with anytime strolls through these gorgeous seaside and hillside cities and towns . Nice 's famed Promenade des Anglais -- a miles-long stretch alongside pebbly beaches and dominated by the Belle Epoque-era landmark hotel Le Negresco -- is one rewarding route ; the jaw-dropping allure of the walk between Côte d'Azur villages Villefranche-sur-Mer and next-door Beaulieu-sur-Mer is another . Eight hotels worth a tour 2 . Party like a rock star . The Côte d'Azur is a perennial playground for A-list celebrities such as Rihanna  who in late July hit the streets of St-Tropez in a bandeau bikini top and crochet skirt  , Academy Award-winning actor Adrien Brody , Kanye West and Kim Kardashian . But you too can roll like the jet set . Do it in Cannes  May 's annual film festival , anyone ?  at Le Baoli nightclub where Leonardo DiCaprio and Cameron Diaz have dropped in . Or at St-Tropez 's eternally hot and long-queued club Les Caves du Roy , where stars such as P. Diddy , George Clooney and David and Victoria Beckham get the royal treatment -- and guests staying onsite at the five-star Hotel Byblos get to skip the lines . 3 . Get lucky . Unlike the giant casinos in Las Vegas , where gamblers amble in wearing shorts and flip-flops , the grand ones in Monaco are more refined . Even though men are "  required " only to wear long pants and closed-toe shoes at the Casino de Monte-Carlo , they can channel their inner James Bond and don jackets at night in the Salons Privés , where roulette , blackjack and other games are played . Cannes ' massive Casino Croisette is one of several , including Nice 's glitzy Casino Ruhl , owned by the 100-year-old Lucien Barrière group , which helped launch the modern-day resort concept by combining casinos , luxury hotels and sports facilities on the same site . Both Ruhl and the casino inside the Art Deco-inspired Palais de la Méditerranée have fabulous addresses , facing the sea and the Promenade des Anglais . 4 . Soak up the scents . The South of France is home to some amazing smells , thanks to the way-high hillside towns of Grasse and Eze , which send fragrances to the world and explain perfume production to the masses . Grasse , about 26 miles west of Nice , is home to legends Fragonard , whose 18th century factory is still open to the public ; Molinard , which also operates a friendly and well-stocked store in central Nice ; and Galimard , another 18th century gem that offers free guided tours of its factory and museum 365 days a year  and does the same in picturesque Eze Village  . Travel Snapshots : Paris 5 . Take an artistic approach . Great painters were obviously onto something when they settled along the Côte d'Azur , inspired by its dazzling blue waters and skies and villages high in the sky . Those who called this stretch home and created world-class works that fill modern-day museums along the French Riviera include Pablo Picasso , whose former château-turned-museum in Antibes houses hundreds of his paintings , ceramics and more . In Nice , there 's Musée Matisse , perched on a hill in the tony Cimiez neighborhood and housing a collection the artist and his heirs left to the city . Musée National Marc Chagall features the 19th century artist 's biblical-themed works . In Saint-Paul-de-Vence , you 'll find Fondation Maeght , a modern art museum that pays homage to Chagall , Joan Miró and Alberto Giacometti . 6 . Take in the scene . There 's never a dull moment on the Côte d'Azur with year-round festivals keeping tourists and locals well entertained . Of course , there 's the Nice Jazz Festival with international A-list headliners each July  and with many performances staged in an ancient Roman amphitheater in Cimiez  . The top-flight and Jazz à Juan festival follows just days later in lively and watersports-friendly Juan-les-Pins . Cannes lights up the sky each summer with the annual International Fireworks Festival , which started last month and continues August 7 , 15 and 24 . Also catch the Monte-Carlo International Fireworks Festival each July and August , with its competition happening August 8 and 25 . If you feel a need for speed , the Grand Prix of Monaco races through this tiny principality 's streets for several days each May . Heavenly Hawaii : Do 's and do n'ts 7 . Dine like the locals . Cuisine in the South of France takes advantage of the Provençal region 's rich natural bounty . You 'll find colorful ratatouille , a side dish made from tomatoes , eggplant , onions , peppers and zucchini ; bouillabaisse , the famed seafood soup from the port city of Marseille served with a creamy garlic sauce ; and socca , a chickpea-and-olive oil pancake sold by vendors in Nice and beyond . And because Nice belonged to Italy until 1860 , Italian cuisine feels about as local as salad Niçoise . You 'll dine fabulously across the Côte d'Azur , but tiny Oliviera in Vieux  Old  Nice does more than serve delicious dishes . Multilingual owner Nadim Beyrouti uses his seasonal cuisine as a showcase for the small-producer Provençal olive oils he sells . You 'll want to take home bottles of this liquid gold to use back home -- and give as gifts . 8 . Savor sundown . The French Riviera may be all about sun-splashed days , but the good times keep rolling at night . The mild climate lets folks dine and sip aperitifs outdoors most of the year , with terrace tables at cafes and restaurants such as Villefranche 's always-popular Le Cosmo and those along the town quai occupied even in cooler months . And from late June through early September , take in a current  usually English-language  film once the sun sets at the Monaco Open Air Cinema . Talk about a stunning backdrop to the action -- the cinema 's perched on the Rock of Monaco , overlooking the sea and with spectacular views of the Prince 's Palace and Old Town . Even Hollywood could n't stage a scene like this . 9 . Sleep well . Choices abound when cooling your heels after long days and nights on the Riviera . High rollers choose the celeb-favored Hôtel du Cap-Eden Roc at the southern tip of Cap d'Antibes or the InterContinental Carlton Cannes on the La Croisette waterfront promenade . If you 're looking for stunning sea views , balconies and a more laid-back artistic vibe , the 35-room Hotel Welcome in Villefranche-sur-Mer is a great bet .  Writer/artist/filmmaker Jean Cocteau used to stay here , and painted the interior of the 14th century Chapelle St-Pierre across the street .  Get more space by renting one of seven stylishly furnished flats  three on the Villefranche waterfront , most of the others in the colorfully charming Old Town  from Riviera Experience , which offers personalized service and every home comfort you might need . 10 . Get around in style . No matter how you arrive or depart the Côte d'Azur , you 'll be treated to world-class views . Take the high-speed TGV to or from Paris or regional trains from nearby Ventimiglia , Italy , and gaze at mile after gorgeous mile of Mediterranean beaches . Fly into or out of Nice -- one of France 's three busiest airports -- and drool at the scenery you 'll see from the air . Since the Riviera is home to the annual Grand Prix , consider checking out the landscape on your own wheels , zipping along the three corniches , or winding roads that stretch between Nice and Menton . Regional buses also travel many of these stunning roads . And if you 're partial to the sea , use seasonal April-October ferries between Nice and Monaco , Cannes and St-Tropez for breathtaking sights you wo n't soon forget . Have you been to the French Riviera or other areas in southern France ? Share your photos and recommendations with iReport .	The South of France has something for everyone , from world-class art to celebrity allure Stroll along Nice 's Promenade des Anglais to take in the stunning setting Stop in the casinos in neighboring Monaco to channel your inner James Bond Explore markets and sidewalk dining for fresh Mediterranean cuisine
TEHRAN , Iran  CNN  -- Iran has released a French academic from prison , though it 's not clear when Clotilde Reiss can return home , French President Nicolas Sarkozy 's office announced Sunday . French national Clotilde Reiss , right , and British embassy worker Hossein Rassam , far left , in court . Reiss , 24 , is the second French woman facing charges as part of mass trials in Iran who was released on bond . French authorities are now demanding that Iran drop all charges against Reiss and Nazak Afshar -- an employee of the French embassy in Tehran who was released August 8 , the statement from Sarkozy 's office said . They were arrested in connection with protests after the June 12 presidential election . Reiss will stay at the French embassy in Tehran while she awaits her return to France , the statement said . She has spoken with her father and is good health and spirits , it said . Iranian media reported Reiss admitted to crimes in court Saturday in connection with protests after the presidential election , and asked for clemency . "  I should n't have participated in the illegal demonstration and should n't have sent the pictures , I am regretful , " the semi-official Fars news agency has quoted her as saying . "  I apologize to the Iranian people and court and I hope the people and the court forgive me . " Human rights groups and Iran 's opposition leaders have accused the government of forcing people to make such confessions . Iranian authorities arrested about 4,000 people amid protests against the controversial election , judiciary spokesman Ali Reza Jamshidi has said , according to the Iran Labor News Agency . He said 3,700 were released in the first week . But 100 defendants , including Afshar , Reiss , and an Iranian employee of the British embassy , appeared this month in Tehran 's Revolutionary Court at a mass trial on charges related to recent post-election violence . Thousands of Iranians took to the streets to protest the official result of the vote -- the re-election of hardline President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad . The government said he won by a landslide , but his opponents accused officials of rigging the results . A crackdown by security forces followed , and at least 30 people died in the violence .	Not clear when Clotilde Reiss can return home , French officials said Reiss , 24 , is second French woman facing charges released on bond Reiss and Nazak Afshar arrested in connection with protests after June 12 election
Atlanta  CNN  -- Another patient with Ebola is heading to the isolation unit at Emory University Hospital in Atlanta . An air ambulance will fly the patient from West Africa and is expected to arrive on Tuesday morning , Emory Healthcare said in a statement . University officials said Monday that they could not reveal additional details because of confidentiality restrictions . The State Department described the patient as a U.S. citizen who contracted the disease in Sierra Leone . Earlier Monday , the World Health Organization said a doctor working in an Ebola treatment center in Sierra Leone had tested positive . WHO would not reveal the nationality of the doctor nor to where he or she was being evacuated . Last month , two Americans infected with Ebola were flown to Atlanta for treatment at Emory . They were given an experimental drug to fight the deadly disease and were later released from the hospital . Another American doctor infected with Ebola arrived in Nebraska for treatment last week . Officials have warned that the deadliest Ebola outbreak in history is hitting West Africa . WHO said Monday the rapid spreading of the virus in Liberia shows no sign of slowing . "  The number of new cases is increasing exponentially , " WHO said , calling the situation a "  dire emergency with ... unprecedented dimensions of human suffering . " It 's a crisis unlike any other during previous Ebola outbreaks , according to WHO . Taxis packed with families who fear they 've contracted the deadly virus crisscross the Liberian capital , searching for a place where they can be treated , the WHO said . But there are no free beds . "  As soon as a new Ebola treatment facility is opened , it immediately fills to overflowing with patients , " the U.N. group said . The Ebola virus causes viral hemorrhagic fever , which according to the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention refers to virus types that affect multiple organ systems in the body and are often accompanied by bleeding . Humans contract Ebola through contact with the bodily fluids of infected animals or the bodily fluids of infected humans . No vaccine or medicine has been proved to cure the disease , but the first human trial of an experimental Ebola vaccine began last week . More than 3,600 cases of Ebola have been reported since the first documented case in December , WHO has said . Of those cases , there have been more than 1,800 fatalities , the agency has said . More than 40 % of the cases have been diagnosed in the past three weeks , the agency said . CNN 's Miriam Falco and Debra Goldschmidt reported from Atlanta . CNN 's Jamie Crawford reported from Washington . CNN 's Susannah Cullinane , Madison Park , Carol Jordan , Catherine E. Shoichet and Chelsea J. Carter contributed to this report .	NEW : The WHO describes the Ebola outbreak as a "  dire emergency " Patient is a U.S. citizen who got Ebola in Sierra Leone , State Department says Emory says an air ambulance will transport an Ebola patient to Atlanta The patient will be brought to a hospital isolation unit , Emory says
Washington  CNN  -- A popular bicycle maker is recalling about 12,000 bicycles after receiving reports of the bike 's front fork breaking and causing riders to suffer nasty falls . A bicycle fork is used to hold the front wheel and allows the rider to steer the bicycle . Specialized Bicycle Components , which sold the forks on at least 18 different bike models through retailers from 2007 until July , said riders should immediately stop riding the bikes . Four reports of riders suffering facial fractures and head and shoulder injuries and cuts led to the nationwide recall , according to the Consumer Product Safety Commission . The forks were manufactured in China by Kinesis and are primarily found on Specialized 's Globe bike model , but riders should double-check their forks just to make sure . The CPSC reports 2008 and 2009 women 's and men 's Globe model bicycles may also be affected . Recalled models include the Globe Elite , Globe Sport , Globe Sport Disc , Globe Centrum Comp , Globe Centrum Elite , Globe City 6 , Globe Vienna 3 , Globe Vienna 3 Disc , Globe Vienna 4 , Globe Vienna Deluxe 3 , Globe Vienna Deluxe 4 , Globe Vienna Deluxe 5 and Globe Vienna Deluxe 6 bicycles . The bicycles were sold in various colors , including gun , silver , black , khaki , navy , bone , blue , charcoal , burgundy and gold . The brand name "  Specialized " is on the lower frame tube and the model name is on various locations on the bicycle frame . The company said riders can take the defective bicycles to any authorized Specialized retailer for no-cost installation of a free replacement fork .	Specialized Bicycle Components is recalling several of its Globe bike models Injuries have been reported after falls caused by the bike 's front fork breaking The company will install replacement forks free
Laredo , Texas  CNN  -- The bookstore was Zhuara Rivera 's magical "  Neverland . " It offered a fairy tale world for 14-year-old Rivera to get lost in stories and words . But the books are gone . On January 16 , Barnes & Noble , which owns B. Dalton , closed the store inside Laredo 's Mall del Norte . That leaves Laredo , Texas , population of 250,000 , one of the largest cities in the United States without a bookstore . The closest bookstore is now 150 miles away , in San Antonio , Texas . "  I was very shocked and I think it 's very sad , " Zhuara said . "  I love reading . I adore reading . " Zhuara and dozens of volunteers launched a grass-roots organization called "  Laredo Reads . " They 've started a petition drive collecting signatures to show corporate book dealers that Laredo can support a bookstore . The death of the store has energized Zhuara . She leaves school and heads straight to the Laredo mall . She races around asking strangers to sign petition forms . She 's collected nearly 1,000 signatures across the city . "  I seriously do n't understand why people do n't just like reading that much , " she said as she walked briskly past the old store . "  If you do n't know how to read , you 're not going to get very far in life . " Her mother says Zhuara has cried several times over the bookstore 's demise . For years , Zhuara saved her money and asked her mom to take her to the store . She would walk up and down the small aisles searching for the next book to buy . Barnes & Noble says it closed the Laredo store as part of an overall strategy to shut down the chain of mall-based bookstores . Even though the Laredo store was profitable , the overall chain was losing money , according to company officials . Some in Laredo fear the lack of a book store will make the city look like an ignorant outpost on the Texas border . "  Assuming that we do n't read because we 're Mexican or we 're immigrant or we 're poor , that is not the case , " said Xochitl Mora , the city 's spokeswoman who spearheads the "  Laredo Reads " initiative . "  Our challenge is to convince a corporate America bookstore and others they will find a literate , articulate , eloquent citizenry . " The publishing industry is in the midst of a revolution . Threats from Internet sites , like Amazon.com , and electronic book devices , like the Kindle , have cut into profits of retail book giants . In addition , bookstores are facing increasing competition from mass merchandisers like Target and Wal-Mart . About 50 to 60 small Barnes & Noble-owned bookstores have closed every year over the last 5 to 6 years , the company said . Rival Borders has also struggled financially amid the tough marketplace . Acclaimed novelist Oscar Casares understands first-hand the changing publishing landscape . He grew up in south Texas along the Mexican border , where bookstores have always been hard to find . When his two books , "  Brownsville " and "  Amigoland , " were published , he pushed to sell the books in a popular grocery store chain called H.E.B. Right now the H.E.B. grocery store is what passes for a bookstore in Laredo . Casares spoke with CNN inside the grocery . As he talked , a woman bought a copy of his latest book and set it on top of a bag of flour tortillas and a sack of potatoes . "  We had to adapt . We had to realize this was the border , " Casares said . "  The first thing I realized was there were n't going to be any places to sell the book . I felt we needed another point of distribution . " Casares admits it took a little while to get used to book signings and readings in the midst of a chaotic grocery store . He worries about what losing the only bookstore will do to Laredo 's spirit . "  I think it creates a void . It 's a void that is n't instantly recognizable but it 's one , that over time , is deflating , " Casares said . Laredo does have two public libraries with a catalog of more than 200,00 books . But library officials say they ca n't keep up with the demand for the most popular titles . Maria Soliz , manager of the Laredo Public Library , says she hopes to expand the library 's collection and expects to see an increase in library card applications . "  We do have a lot of the same customers , but there are different customers , " Soliz told CNN . "  They might come to the library , read the book and decide they want to buy it . " Soliz and others fear the loss of the city 's bookstore will slow down efforts to improve Laredo 's literacy rate . A 2003 study by the National Center for Education Statistics found that 48 percent of the residents of Webb County , Texas -- home to Laredo -- lacked basic literacy skills . Many say losing the bookstore threatens efforts to improve the city 's literacy rate . "  A bookstore and what that means for kids to learn the value of literacy and to learn the value of loving books , that 's just something you ca n't really put a value on , " said Mora .	Laredo , Texas , becomes one of the largest cities in U.S. without bookstore Nearest bookstore is now 150 miles away in San Antonio Barnes & Noble says closing was part of strategy to shutter mall bookstores Some fear Laredo will be dubbed an outpost for the illiterate without store
Beijing  CNN  -- Last week , China unveiled a list of wide-ranging reforms to the "  gaokao " -- the hyper-competitive and grueling college entrance examination that represents most families ' best shot at the Chinese dream . Chinese media have hailed these reforms as a panacea to China 's education woes : The poor will have a better shot at a top school , and students wo n't feel so stressed out all the time . However , as someone who 's either observed or worked in Chinese education since 1999 , I believe that unless the government decides to cancel the gaokao , no systemic reform will matter . According to the State Council , English is no longer mandatory . Students must take the Chinese and math exams , but they can choose the other four subjects to be tested , and they can take these examinations separately  much like the Advanced Placement system in the United States . Colleges can no longer recruit artists and athletes , a system that has been prone to abuse . Finally , universities are encouraged to increase their quota of students from the poor inland provinces , and to make public their quotas . Education liberalized To understand China 's current education system , we have to go back to 1999 . That 's when former Premier Zhu Rongji decided to liberalize the housing and education markets . Government subsidies to Chinese universities were cut , forcing universities to increase tuition and student enrollment . The effect of this change was dramatic : in 1991 , only 4 % of the cohort of Chinese college-aged students attended universities ; today , according to ministry of education statistics , it 's about one quarter . To meet this demand for a college degree , vocational colleges were folded into universities , universities were merged to create super-universities , and super-universities built satellite campuses . This decision had severe consequences for how Chinese parents perceive education , and how employers perceive university degrees : 1 .  With a glut of university degree holders flooding the marketplace , employers began demanding university degrees for jobs that previously only required vocational training . This puts even more pressure on families to send their only child to college . 2 .  This means that a university degree is severely diluted , and middle-class families feel that it 's no longer enough to send their child to university -- he or she must get into a "  key " or , best of all , a "  top ten " university in China . 3 .  This has led to an escalating arms race in which families put pressure on their child to succeed from day one . In China , there 's now a considered track for academic success : Students get into the best elementary schools , which then secures them a place in the best junior high schools , which allows them to test into the best high school , s which gives them the best shot at testing into a top university . If students fall off this elevator to success at any point , they are considered "  lost . " The gaokao system is essentially a lot of people trying to push each other away so that they can squeeze into the door of elite college admissions . It does n't really matter if you paint the door a different color or call the door a different name or let certain people jump the line -- it 's still a door with limited space , and you 'll still have tiger moms and dads who will fight tooth and nail to make sure their kid gets through the door . This system is what economists like to call a zero-sum game , and explains why children are so sleep-deprived and stressed-out , and why parents must flatter and bribe teachers . So , in essence , China 's new gaokao reforms are just window dressing . What 's more , China 's wealthy and well connected are opting for a new system outside the gaokao , enrolling their child in private bilingual schools and overseas high schools and colleges . Those who can not pay their way are forced to continue in a system that promises the destruction of their child 's childhood , curiosity , and creativity . What should be done Rather than try to dress up its system of narrowing doors , the Chinese government should better serve the people and the nation by concentrating resources on building ladders . Even if no one can say it aloud , the socialist dream of educational equality is dead and buried , and to move forward China needs to adopt a system of social mobility . That means a Finnish-style early childhood education program in which poor rural children as young as eight months old are given access to daycare to address deficiencies in nutrition , literacy , and emotional stability that can plague them in their adult lives . That means a strong German-style system of vocational training to provide the rural poor real marketable skills so they no longer have to sweat and grunt in the fields and factories . And that means building a system of community colleges and continuing education programs to permit laborers to upgrade their skill sets and work towards a college degree . Any of these three initiatives would be real and significant education reform in China . And together , they 'd give those who most need it a good shot at the Chinese dream . The opinions expressed here are solely those of Jiang Xueqin .	China unveils reforms to "  gaokao " -- the grueling college entrance examination Reforms aimed at giving poor better shot at top colleges But educator Jiang Xueqin says reforms are no pancea Says China needs less focus on one exam ; more vocational training
New York  CNN  -- It was a busy night for New York Yankees Manager Joe Girardi -- not only did he lead his team to the World Series championship , but on his way home , he also helped the victim of a car accident get out of harm 's way . According to Jason Zillo , spokesman for the Yankees , Girardi was heading home after his team 's World Series win and celebration Wednesday night when he spotted a car that had crashed along a busy , curving stretch of highway on the outskirts of New York near the suburb of New Rochelle . The car was jutting into traffic . Girardi immediately stopped to check on the driver and help her out of the car , Zillo said . "  He wanted to make sure that if someone was in the car they were OK , " Zillo said . "  And then he wanted to help her get away from a dangerous position in the highway . " Zillo said police officers arrived at the scene of the accident moments later . According to CNN affiliate WABC , the accident happened around 2:25 a.m. on the eastbound lanes of the Cross County Parkway at the Hutchinson River Parkway , when a woman lost control of her car along a long blind curve and crashed into a wall . Marie Henry , 27 , of Stratford , Connecticut , said Girardi sprinted across three lanes of traffic to come to her aid . "  She had no idea who I was , " Girardi said in a radio interview Thursday . A Westchester County police officer who arrived at the scene described Girardi in the good Samaritan role as "  totally surreal . " "  The guy wins the World Series , what does he do ? He stops to help , " Officer Kathleen Cristiano told local news Web site LoHud.com . The Westchester Police Department did not return calls from CNN . "  A lot of people know him as ` Joe Girardi , the manager of the New York Yankees , ' but Joe is someone who puts other people first , " Zillo said . "  The easy thing would have been for him to just drive by . But I think it shows a lot about his character . "	On way home from World Series win , Joe Girardi stops to help motorist Girardi comes upon wrecked car on highway outside New York He makes sure driver is safe , gets her out of harm 's way "  She had no idea who I was , " Girardi says in radio interview
CNN  There is no jarring video of a man clocking his fiancee in a casino elevator , no images of "  switch " marks left on a small boy 's thighs . Still , Junior Galette 's arrest on a misdemeanor domestic violence-related charge is a serious issue for the NFL as it marks the first real test of the league 's new personal conduct policy . Authorities responded to the New Orleans Saints defensive end 's home Monday morning after receiving a call about a disturbance , according to a news release from Kenner , Louisiana , police . "  Upon arrival , officers met with a 22-year-old female who was observed bleeding from her left ear , having an earring ripped from her ear , and scratch marks to her face , " the release said . Lt. Brian McGregor noted that Galette disputed the woman 's account , and in a statement provided to CNN , attorney Lon Burns said , "  Junior Galette is concerned about working to clear his good name which he has established on and off the football field . ... Friends of Mr. Galette 's pulled together and rallied around their friend , whom they know as ` Junior , ' who has done much when asked for people around him here in the New Orleans area . " Later Tuesday , another attorney , Ralph Whalen , sent a statement saying he was "  confident an investigation and a full hearing of the facts will reveal that Junior Galette behaved appropriately given the circumstances and in no way committed domestic violence or battery . " He said the woman threatened Galette and four others , including Galette 's girlfriend , with a knife . She had her earring ripped out when a "  dog reacting to her yelling jumped on her , " Whalen said in his statement . "  This was not domestic violence for many reasons , including the fact that the woman with the knife is not in a relationship with Mr. Galette nor do they live together . Also , there was there was no battery committed by Mr. Galette , " the statement said . The relationship between the woman , who police have not identified , and Galette is unclear . The woman told police she had lived with Galette for two years , doing chores and running errands for him , but had been asked to leave Monday morning , police said . Galette told police , though , that the woman was a dancer who was supposed to leave his home Sunday night but was allowed to stay until Monday morning . "  There are some varying versions of what occurred , " McGregor said during a Monday news conference . ` Then I grabbed a knife ... ' According to the woman 's side of the story , she woke Galette up to request cab fare and he told his cousin and former Temple University teammate Terrance Banks "  to take care of the request , " police said . McGregor read to reporters the woman 's account of what happened next : "  We started arguing and Junior pushed me . He pushed me two times , trying to get me out the house and I fell down and they both was on me and I could n't breathe . I could n't fight both of them , then Terrance picked me up and put me out . I started to dial 911 and Terrance took my phone and would n't give it back . Then I grabbed a knife because I thought they were going to jump me again . " Galette , 26 , was arrested on a charge of simple battery involving domestic violence , and Banks , 26 , was arrested on a simple battery charge . Galette posted a preset bond of $ 600 and Banks posted a $ 300 bond , and both were released from jail Monday , according to police . Galette is scheduled to appear in Kenner Mayor 's Court on February 26 , McGregor told CNN . The incident report will not be released until Thursday or later , McGregor said , but the responding officers had no option but to arrest Galette and Banks , given the circumstances . Among the factors they considered , according to McGregor : Two large men were fighting with one woman , the nature of each party 's offensive and defensive injuries , the seriousness of the injuries , and the heights and weights of the parties involved . ` When you go hands on with someone , you 've gone too far , " the lieutenant said , explaining that the initial investigation indicated Galette and Banks were the "  predominant aggressors . " Asked about Galette 's claim that he merely wanted the woman to leave his home , McGregor said , "  All you had to do was call the Kenner Police Department , and we would 've responded . " Policy put to work Galette 's arrest will be the first real test for the NFL 's new personal conduct policy , adopted last month after widespread uproar over the handling of the Ray Rice assault case and Adrian Peterson child abuse case , along with other lower-profile arrests . The policy calls on players , coaches , owners , game officials and other employees to be "  people of high character , " and it expands the 2007 list of prohibited conduct , allows for independent investigations , creates criteria under which a player can be suspended with pay and establishes a group of outside advisers to review potential violations . "  Conduct by anyone in the league that is illegal , violent , dangerous , or irresponsible puts innocent victims at risk , damages the reputation of others in the game , and undercuts public respect and support for the NFL , " the policy states . Perhaps most pertinent to Galette 's case , the policy also establishes a "  baseline suspension without pay of six games " for any violation involving "  assault , battery , domestic violence , dating violence , child abuse and other forms of family violence , or sexual assault involving physical force or committed against someone incapable of giving consent . " The suspension can be lengthened if the case involves aggravating factors , and a second offense could see a player banished from the league outright . Galette was apparently aware of this , as he told arresting officers the incident could affect his recent contract extension , McGregor told CNN . Under the extension , signed in September , the Saints will pay the Haitian-born defensive end with 31.5 career sacks as much as $ 52 million over six years , according to reports . He is slated to get a roster bonus of $ 12.5 million this year . "  It had no bearing on our decision  to arrest him  , " McGregor said of the contract . League , team investigating Regarding Galette 's status on the gridiron , a Saints spokesman told CNN on Monday , "  We are aware and our security department is still collecting information . " League spokesman Greg Aiello told CNN the NFL is looking into the matter and there was nothing new to report Tuesday . He further explained how the league follows up on suspected violations , which includes making certain assistance available to the victim . For Galette , the NFL will offer and pay for a formal clinical evaluation , along with education and counseling , and if he participates , it will reflect positively "  in determining eventual discipline if a violation is found , " according to the policy . The league will also conduct an investigation -- tapping NFL security , independent parties or both -- while cooperating with any law enforcement probes . "  League and team employees are required to cooperate in any such investigation and are obligated to be fully responsive and truthful in responding to requests from investigators for information  testimony , documents , physical evidence , or other information  that may bear on whether the Policy has been violated . "  A failure to cooperate with an investigation or to be truthful in responding to inquiries will be separate grounds for disciplinary action . " CNN 's Kevin Dotson contributed to this report .	Woman had earring ripped out when dog jumped on her , New Orleans Saint 's lawyer says Junior Galette posts $ 600 bond ; attorney says he 's "  concerned about working to clear his good name " Case to test new NFL conduct policy , which allows for six-game suspension in domestic violence cases
CNN  -- From his early days as one of the first faces familiar to television audiences in the 1950s , as host of "  American Bandstand , " Dick Clark was a constant . He was n't just a major force in television , but in the music industry as well , up until his death on Wednesday at the age of 82 . So it 's no wonder that iReports flooded in from those who worked closely with Dick Clark , as well as those who only knew him as a friend who came into their living rooms , whether it be each week or only each New Year 's "  Rockin ' " Eve . Dick Clark was involved with so much , from various award shows , to the popular "  Pyramid " Game show , to "  TV 's Bloopers and Practical Jokes , " that only focusing on one reason he was so loved by so many just is n't enough . Even three reasons does n't cover it . So here are ten reasons -- counting down , like he did to the new year -- why iReporters loved Dick Clark : 10 . He was humble Sioux Falcone worked with Dick Clark in the 1980s . She well recalls him wearing a name tag to his own holiday party . "  I was watching CNN and my son asked who the man on television was and I told him ` actually he was my boss . ' And my son did n't believe me . So I pulled out this photo yesterday and here he was wearing a name tag . I thought it was really endearing . " She also said that her fondest memory of Dick Clark was when he gave her his first desk after he moved to the west coast for ` American Bandstand . ' She inquired about the piece of furniture with the office manager and a few days later Clark was at here desk . "  He said , ' I heard you want my desk , ' and I said I would pay , but he said I did n't have to pay for it , " she said . "  He helped me load his antique desk into my car , " she said . "  He would show random acts of kindness like that . ' " 9 . "  He broke color barriers " Maxine Porter , the legal steward for the late Bill Pinkney of the R&B / soul group , the Drifters , put it this way : "  What artist of color did n't have some association with Dick Clark over the years ? " Clark is widely credited with integrating his audience on "  American Bandstand " and , according to Porter , Pinkney was one of those musical artists of color who credited Clark with their start . "  The first comment I heard him make about Dick Clark was , ` You know , we were one of the first black acts , if not the first , on his show in Philadelphia before he went national , " she said . "  As a little girl , watching television in Mississippi , I was not exposed to blacks in any positions of power or affluence , " said iReporter Elnora Fondren Palmtag of Clarksdale , Mississippi . "  Dick Clark was an inspiration when he fought for the integration of his show , first for the performers on his show and later adding dancers of different races . I know he helped to launch the careers of some great black performers , but you may not see the impact he had on the poor underprivileged children of the ghettos around the country who did not know that they could be more than what they could see around them . " 8 . He introduced generations to music Mark Jensen from Branson , Missouri , was one of many loyal viewers of "  American Bandstand . " "  I watched the show every weekend , and because of the show , I heard music that I normally would n't have because I could n't afford to buy records or a radio . " Jensen was inspired by "  Bandstand : " the now singer/songwriter also goes by the stage name of Mark Catron . 7 . He was a teenage staple Every afternoon , Janie Lambert from Hughesville , Maryland would switch on American Bandstand at home , and dance to Chubby Checker , learning to do "  the Twist " and "  the Limbo . " "  I will never forget March 1967 when the Beatle 's Strawberry Fields and Penny Lane were debuted on ` American Bandstand . ' The Beatles new look and sound was eerie , strange , a little frightening but oh so very exciting . This was a big change for the music industry . " Lambert described "  Bandstand " as "  the part of my day that I looked most forward to , ' she said . "  No one can take his place . " 6 . He was a mentor Paul Revere is a member of Paul Revere and the Raiders , who hit it big in the 1960s . He worked with Dick Clark for several years and describes Clark as being a wonderful and close friend . Revere describes one of his fondest memories with Clark when he and his band were at a shoot for the '60s NBC show , "  Where the Action Is . " "  He 's my guy . We saw each other six weeks ago , and I ca n't even believe he is gone . " He said his heart sunk when he heard the news of Clark 's passing . "  When you get older you want to spend time with the people you are close to , and you keep putting things off because you always think you are going to have another day . " He said he is really glad he had the chance to see Clark six weeks ago . "  You need to always tell your friends how much they mean to you , " he said . "  That is what I learned from this situation ... I gave him a hug and told him everything I have and everything I am I owe to him . " 5 . He was forever young Kathi Cordsen remembered thinking about how ageless Dick Clark seemed on television when she tuned in to watch his show . Her fondest memory of Clark was when she would throw dance parties at her house with her neighbor friends while they watched "  American Bandstand " in the afternoon . "  I remember always thinking how Dick Clark never seemed to age from year to year and I wondered how he did that . Good living and being a good person , that must have been what it was . " 4 . He was a dancer 's best friend When Karen Folkes was a teenager , she was living in Minnesota , but she was travelling to Hollywood to dance on Dick Clark 's show . Her brother , who lived in California at the time , managed to get her and her friend passes to "  American Bandstand . " She found herself in Clark 's office with his now wife , Kary Wigton , who was also from Minnesota . Clark and Wigton told Folkes she could come by the show whenever she wanted . During the 1970 's Folkes danced on the show 32 times . Dancers still have Dick Clark to thank , as he produced the Fox television series "  So You Think You Can Dance . " 3 . He was the perfect host Paul Martin was a British DJ living in America during the 1960s "  British invasion , " and looked up to Clark . "  Some entertainers are trained in broadcast schools , some get lucky and just land a broadcast job on the spur of the moment , others get there because of who rather than what they know and the right connections , etc. , " said Martin , now living in Beverly Hills , California . "  But Clark made it to the top of his profession because he was the right guy at the right time on the right show and America and the world 's most popular television music program ! " 2 . He was great to work for Steven Leuck , a contractor in Eugene , Oregon , worked for Clark in his New York City home in the mid-1980s . Having grown up on "  Bandstand , " he was "  thrilled " to work for him . "  Mr. Clark called me at home and told me personally how much he appreciated the extra time and work it took to get -LSB- his -RSB- specialty lighting purchased , delivered and installed on time , " he said . "  He gave me his home phone number and told me that if I should ever need anything that he could do for me that I should never hesitate to call on him . I have worked with many celebrities over the years but he was far and away the kindest , most thoughtful gentleman of all the celebrities I have ever met or had the pleasure to work with . " 1 . He gave people opportunities Maggie Kortchmar , back when she was known as Maggie Lee , had a song played on "  American Bandstand " in the 1980s . "  He said my name so sweetly : he was thoughtful , and concerned with the kids saying it was okay . " Unfortunately , the record got a lukewarm response , but "  Dick Clark looked right into the camera , and told me he liked it and for me to keep plugging . A very generous , kind man . "	Iconic television host remembered by iReporters Friend and colleague Paul Revere talks about meeting Clark at NBC shoot "  Bandstand " was an afternoon television staple
Six people who were arrested in Iran for dancing in a YouTube video to Pharrell Williams ' song "  Happy " have been freed , the International Campaign for Human Rights in Iran said Wednesday , citing a source close to the families . The director of the video was not released , the group said . One of the six announced that she was freed . "  Hi I 'm back , " Reihane Taravati wrote on her Instagram account , thanking Williams and "  everyone who cared about us . " The fan video is one of many to the hit song that has sold millions of downloads worldwide . Tehran Police Chief Hossein Sajedinia ordered the arrests of the three men and three women for helping make an "  obscene video clip that offended the public morals and was released in cyberspace , " the Iranian Students ' News Agency reported Wednesday . Authorities forced the young people to repent on state TV . Iranian President Hassan Rouhani seemed to think differently . " #Happiness is our people 's right . We should n't be too hard on behaviors caused by joy , " a tweet on his account said . It seemed to be quoting one of his comments from June 2013 . Pharrell Williams denounced the arrests . "  It is beyond sad that these kids were arrested for trying to spread happiness , " the Grammy Award winner said on his Facebook page . Just like in the singer 's original video , the Iranian fan version features a montage of men and women dancing to the song in a variety of settings . Taravati gushed over the reaction to the video in the days before the Tuesday arrests . "  178K VIEWS thank you , " she wrote on her Facebook page last week . She also posted a picture of people featured in the video on Instagram . "  People of Tehran are happy ! Watch and Share Our Happiness ! , " Taravati wrote . "  Let the world hear us ! we are happy and we deserve to be ! " Arrests come amid support for photo project The arrests come amid growing support on Facebook for an unrelated project featuring photographs submitted by women who appear without Iran 's legally required head scarves . The page , created May 3 , has more than 300,000 likes . "  This is the voice of Iranian women who have been censored all their lives in Iran , " London-based journalist Masih Alinejad , who created the page , told HLN , CNN 's sister network . "  And now social media is giving them the opportunity to speak out , to be themselves . " Conversely , Iranian officials and some journalists denounced an Iranian actress who extended her hand in greeting to a film festival executive and received a kiss on the cheek from him , according to media reports . The BBC reported that a conservative journalism organization run by Iran 's state broadcaster said actress Leila Hatami engaged in "  unconventional and improper " behavior by extending her hand to Cannes Film Festival president Gilles Jacob . For his part , Jacob dismissed the controversy over kissing Hatami on the cheek . He said on Twitter that she represented "  all Iranian cinema " and called the uproar over the kiss needless controversy "  over a usual custom in the West . " ` Happy ' makes Pharrell cry International backlash Pharrell 's not the only one unhappy about the arrests . The Twitter hashtag #FreeHappyIranians went viral . "  Is happiness a crime ? @Pharrell #freehappyiranians , " @MaedehHP tweeted . Others poked fun at the fan video 's message . "  They deserve it for lying : How can any body be #happy in #Tehran or #Iran for that matter , " @Alothman123 wrote . The National Iranian American Council condemned Iranian authorities . "  There are forces within Iran 's government who want to keep the Iranian people isolated from the world , " the council said in a statement . "  The irony that the Iranian youth were arrested for dancing to a song called ` Happy ' seems to be lost on the Iranian authorities . " Incidentally , the arrests came just days after Rouhani said citizens should take advantage of the Internet to communicate . " #Cyberspace should be seen as opportunity : facilitating two-way communication , increasing efficiency & creating jobs , " the President tweeted Saturday . "  Govt unhappy w / current situation ; working to increase internet speed for users at home , in offices & on mobiles . " Rouhani said every Iranian citizen has a right to connect to the Internet , according to the state-run Islamic Republic News Agency . Some on social media made a point to separate the Iranian government from everyday Iranians . "  In a country which Religion and politics are not separated anything could become a crime even happiness , " Hamoun Dowlatshah posted on Pharrell 's Facebook page . "  I love you Iran but i hate your government more than anything else . "	All six dancers were freed ; the director was not , a human rights group says Iranians are accused of making an "  obscene " video that "  offended the public morals " Iranian President Hassan Rouhani tweets : " #Happiness is our people 's right " The hashtag #FreeHappyIranians has gone viral on Twitter
CNN  -- The Netherlands gained sweet revenge for defeat in the 2010 World Cup final by trouncing Spain 5-1 in the opening fixture of Group B in Salvador Friday . Xabi Alonso had given Spain the lead from the penalty spot after Diego Costa was brought down by Stefan de Vrij before Robin van Persie equalized with a brilliant diving header . Arjen Robben then fired the Dutch in front at the beginning of the second half before de Vrij atoned for his earlier foul on Brazil-born Costa to make it 3-1 just after the hour mark . A horrible error from Spain goalkeeper Iker Casillas enabled van Persie to make it four after 72 minutes and Robben burst clear of the Spanish defense eight minutes later to round off the scoring . The result is Spain 's worst at a World Cup finals in 64 years and leaves little room for error in the 2008 and 2012 European champion 's remaining group games against Chile and Australia . The Dutch , meanwhile , will take great confidence having overcome the team that denied them in Johannesburg four years ago . The Netherlands employed a physical approach when the sides met that night in Soccer City and there was much of the same during the opening stages at the Arena Fonte Nova as the Dutch pressed early , creating the first clear chance for Wesley Sneijder -- whose shot was blocked by Casillas . Sneijder was made to regret his profligacy midway through the first half after Costa was felled in the area . The striker , who was born a few hundred miles north of Salvador and twice capped by Brazil in friendlies , was roundly booed by many of the local fans in attendance for switching his allegiance to Spain earlier this year . Alonso ignored the animosity directed towards his teammate from the stands , however , as he drilled his penalty low to the right of Jasper Cillessen . David Silva should have doubled Spain 's lead shortly after being played through by 2010 match-winner Andres Iniesta but the Manchester City midfielder 's delicate chip was slapped away by Cillessen . Moments later the Netherlands were level . Daley Blind 's floated long pass was met on the run by van Persie and the striker launched a flying header that looped the ball brilliantly beyond Casillas . If that was a shock to the Spanish system , worse was to follow six minutes in to the second half as the Dutch took the lead . Another Blind crossfield pass found Robben galloping into the Spanish penalty area . The Bayern Munich star displayed a deft touch to control the ball before stepping inside Gerard Pique and clipping it beyond Casillas . Van Persie then rattled the Spanish crossbar with a ferocious strike from just outside the area , and five minutes later it was 3-1 . De Vrij rose at the back post to bundle the ball over the line after Casillas could not claim Sneijder 's free-kick . Things would soon get worse for the Spanish captain . His terribly heavy touch following a simple backpass from Jordi Alba enabled van Persie to steal the ball and slide it into an empty net to make it four . At this stage Dutch fans could have been excused for believing they were dreaming . But more was to follow as a now ragged Spain was picked off on the break . Robben displayed his searing pace to streak clear of Sergio Ramos after 80 minutes before rounding a despairing Casillas and blasting the ball high into the unguarded net . Spain , well beaten , looked lost -- a shadow of the side which has dominated international football for the last six years . The famous tiki-taka style that has been the team 's hallmark throughout this golden period was rendered useless against a disciplined , well-organized and ruthless Dutch side . Substitute Fernando Torres had a late penalty claim turned down and then took too long to convert what appeared a simple chance from three yards out that would have reduced the deficit . The Chelsea striker 's ineptitude in front of goal summed up Spain 's performance perfectly . "  I did not expect that it would go this way , it could have been 6-1 or even more , and we had a very happy feeling , " Dutch coach Louis van Gaal told reporters after the match . "  This is a nice start , but we have nothing . If we do not win our next game against Australia we have made no progress , but now we are obviously in a good position . " Cutting a more chastened figure was Spain coach Vicente Del Bosque who lamented his side 's performance but refused to apportion any blame ahead of Wednesday 's next match against Chile . "  We must recognize our mistakes , but everyone fought for a better result , " Del Bosque told Spanish TV station Tele 5 after the match . "  I am aware that it is a very delicate time for us . Together we have to try to solve it for the next match against Chile and look for the win . " Chile 3-1 Australia A win against the in-form South Americans is no certainty for Del Bosque 's charges . Jorge Sampaoli 's side looked impressive in spells against Australia , winning Group B 's second fixture of the day at the Arena Pantanal in Cuiaba . Barcelona star Alexis Sanchez opened the scoring after 11 minutes for La Roja , pouncing on a loose ball to place it beyond Australia goalkeeper Mathew Ryan from nine yards . Jorge Valdivia then made it two just over a minute later as he curled the ball delightfully beyond Ryan with the outside of his boot from the edge of the area , having been teed up by Sanchez . Veteran midfielder Tim Cahill pulled a goal back for the Socceroos with a trademark header after 35 minutes , and the New York Red Bulls player was denied by a smart save by Claudio Bravo shortly after . Cahill , who has now scored at three World Cups , had another header rightly chalked off for offside in the second half , but Chile always looked the more likely to score again . Alex Wilkinson cleared off the line from Eduardo Vargas after the Chilean striker had clipped the ball beyond the onrushing Ryan after 72 minutes . Substitute Jean Beausejour then ensured victory in stoppage time with a low strike from 25 yards that flew past Ryan . While no doubt frustrated by the loss , the Socceroos can take some solace from the fact that Spain 's earlier collapse against the Netherlands ensures it is the reigning world champions who prop up Group B after the first round of fixtures . Mexico 1-0 Cameroon In the day 's first fixture , Mexico overcame Cameroon , the weather and some more questionable World Cup officiating to win its opening Brazil 2014 fixture . Oribe Peralta scored the only goal of the game just after the hour mark , rifling home after Cameroon goalkeeper Charles Itandje could n't hold Giovanni Dos Santos ' low shot . Two wrongly disallowed Dos Santos goals had earlier denied the Mexicans a halftime lead their enterprising performance deserved . Thursday 's tournament opening fixture between Brazil and Croatia was marked by a controversial decision to award the host nation a penalty in the second half by Japanese referee Yuichi Nishimura . But Peralta 's strike ensured any controversy would be avoided and El Tri would triumph on a sodden afternoon in Natal . The win put Mexico second in Group A behind leaders Brazil which triumphed 3-1 on Thursday in Sao Paulo . Cameroon , unimpressive and soundly beaten , is third above Croatia on goal difference in the four-team group .	Netherlands wins 5-1 against world champion Spain Robin van Persie and Arjen Robben both score twice Chile beats Australia in Friday 's other Group B game Mexico defeats Cameroon 1-0 in Natal in Group A
Sydney  CNN  -- For a few hours before Ecuador 's announcement that it would grant the WikiLeaks founder political asylum , and for 12 hours after the announcement , #Assange trended on Twitter across Julian Assange 's homeland , Australia . It was as though the void left by the London Olympics was filled by the oddly mesmerizing spectacle of a widely anticipated decision , well ahead of the Ecuadorian Foreign Ministers ' blistering critique of Great Britain , the United States and Sweden and the parlous situation in which the white-haired Assange finds himself . As Assange 's supporters rallied in London outside the Ecuadorian Embassy where he has been holed up for 58 days , in Australia the political elite seemed to be scurrying to the safety of black letter law . Opinion : Australia to Assange 's rescue ? Do n't hold your breath Prime Minister Julia Gillard has made no comment in the wake of Ecuador 's decision and it 's unlikely she will , formally . In the political typhoon of the 24-hour news cycle she will no doubt be asked for her reaction to Ecuador 's clear belief that it is offering Assange support denied him by his own government . Her response is expected to echo the PR-filtered offering of her usually loquacious -- but suddenly media shy -- Foreign Minister Senator Bob Carr . His spokesperson told CNN that having watched events unfold through the night , the Assange drama has "  elements of fascination , in particular the strong statements on the United States . " Australia , he said , contemplated responding to the statements made by Ecuador . Instead it has decided to watch and wait because "  nothing has changed . " Nor is it likely that the impasse might soon resolve , offered the spokesperson . In the meantime , the WikiLeaks founder "  remains an Australian citizen who will receive consular support . " Read more : Standoff at embassy after Ecuador grants Assange asylum Australia appears to be narrowly interpreting the Ecuadorian Foreign Minister 's statement that " ... Mr Assange is without the due protection and help that he should receive from any state of which he is a citizen , " as an assertion that consular assistance has been denied . "  He has received 62 instances of consular contact in the last 18 months -- more than any other Australian in comparable circumstances , " the spokesman said . "  We do n't expect him to be thanking us , but to suggest he did n't receive it is wrong . "  But we wo n't engage in a yelling match . We remain where we are , " he added . And that is , firmly behind Britain 's attempt to extradite Assange to Sweden to face questioning over alleged sexual assault and rape and alongside its friend in good and bad times , the United States , of which few questions have apparently been asked about its purported intention to prosecute Assange over the WikiLeaks release of confidential American diplomatic cables . Opinion : Assange 's stubborn grip hurts WikiLeaks If Ecuador is persuaded that the U.S. poses a threat to Assange 's liberty and life , some Australians are persuaded that if the British government decides on the drastic option of storming the Ecuadorian Embassy , it can only be because America tells them to . Julian Burnside , a leading human rights barrister took , to twitter to ask : "  Will Aus also collaborate with USA attempts to get Assange ? " But Australia 's opposition , usually and expectedly enthusiastic when offered the chance to attack the government , is not taking the bait . Opposition Coalition leader Tony Abbott offered yet more black letter law : "  Whatever the ordinary law of Britain is , whatever would happen to anyone else in the same circumstances , Julian Assange should get identical treatment to anyone else in a similar position , " Abbott told the Nine television Network . The only political solace Assange has received is from The Greens . But however powerful they are in Australia 's hung Federal Parliament , what they have to say on the standoff counts for little as the Gillard government works furiously to distance itself from claims that for helping to deliver it government , the Greens call the shots . Still , the comments of Greens Senator Scott Ludlam are a reflection of what many Australians believe . "  I 've been banging my head against this wall for the last eight months now trying to get a succession of foreign ministers to take even a faint spark of interest in what 's really happening here , " Senator Ludlam told the Australian Broacasting Corporation . "  What the Ecuadorian government has done here , in effect , is offer Julian Assange the protection the Australian Government has failed to do . " "  It 's time to pick up the phone " was his advice to the Australian Foreign Minister , issued during a press briefing . If Twitter is the barometer of what Australians are feeling , many Australians agree with the Senator . But Assange has one perilous PR obstacle to overcome in the days ahead . "  My goodness , Assange is like a digital Jesus , " tweeted one well-known Australian comedian . Assange 's decision to make a public statement at the doors of his London digs on Sunday , according to the WikiLeaks official Twitter feed , might trigger the disdain that historically comes with rising above the parapet in such a small nation . In greater numbers , Australians might find themselves in agreement with soon-to-be former British MP Louise Mensch who tweeted : "  He has incontrovertibly committed a criminal act here by violating his bail . And should be tried for it . "	Australian Prime Minister Julia Gillard yet to comment on WikiLeaks asylum decision In its decision , Ecuador cited a lack of support for Assange from his home country Spokesman for Australian foreign minister says Assange has received consular assistance On Twitter , many Australians are siding with Assange and calls for Australia to do more to help him
CNN  -- Actress Susan Sarandon joked that her guard dogs were on vacation when her New York home was burglarized over the weekend . Burlgars took Sarandon 's laptop , a camera and an undisclosed amount of jewelry late Saturday or early Sunday , according to New York Police spokeswoman Arlene Muniz . Sarandon tweeted about it Monday : "  Thx for all ur concern about the break-in . Most importantly , everyone is safe . Guess that 's what happens when the guard dogs go on vacation . " The actress , who owns a best actress Oscar for 1995 role in "  Dead Man Walking , " was out of town with her "  guard dogs . " She posted Twitter pic last week of her and the two small pooches relaxing in a boat with the message "  Beautiful day on the lake . " Her 22-year-old son , Miles Robbins , came home from a night out in Manhattan at 3:30 a.m. Sunday to discover the break in , Muniz said . No arrests have been made , the police spokeswoman said . Man breaks into Kennedy compound , ` looking for Katy Perry ' Sandra Bullock came face-to-face with stalker in her own home CNN 's Madison Conklin contributed to this report .	Burlgars took Sarandon 's laptop , camera and jewelry , police say "  Guess that 's what happens when the guard dogs go on vacation , " she tweets
CNN  -- A cargo plane crashed in Afghanistan killing all seven crew members on board Monday . All seven were U.S. citizens , the cargo carrier National Airlines said . The crash happened shortly after takeoff from Bagram Air Base in Afghanistan , the U.S.-based company said . The Boeing 747-400 was en route to Dubai , United Arab Emirates . "  This was a purely cargo flight and no passengers were aboard , " a company statement said . "  Cargo consisted of vehicles and routine general cargo . " National specializes in moving freight for the military and businesses , as well as charter passenger service in the Middle East . The cause of the crash has not been determined . But Taliban spokesman Zabiullah Mujahid said his group shot down the aircraft and that "  several foreign soldiers were killed . " That claim could not be immediately verified . But in the past , the Taliban has exaggerated casualty figures . "  This is a devastating loss for our family and we 'll work diligently with authorities to find the cause , " National Airlines President Glen Joerger said in the statement . "  Our focus at this time is on the family members of those we 've lost , and on assisting the NTSB  National Transportation Safety Board  and Afghanistan Civil Aviation Authority in their investigations . " Six of the victims were from Michigan , National said , and they were identified as Brad Hasler , Jeremy Lipka , Jamie Brokaw , Rinku Summan , Michael Sheets and Gary Stockdale . The other victim , Timothy Garrett , was from Kentucky .	New : The victims are identified National Airlines : All 7 were crew members ; there were no passengers The Taliban claim responsibility , but the claim ca n't be verified immediately The flight was en route from Bagram Air Base in Afghanistan to Dubai
Washington  CNN  Another Bush is poised to confront the seemingly endless challenges of Iraq . Nearly 25 years after his father launched the first Gulf War and almost 12 years after his brother began a much more contentious sequel , it 's Jeb Bush 's turn to articulate his vision of America 's approach to the Middle East -- and Iraq in particular . How he responds will have big implications for his White House ambitions . On Wednesday , he 'll deliver his first foreign policy speech since signaling his serious interest in running for president next year , laying out "  how America can regain its leadership in the world , " according to advanced excerpts of the speech . The remarks come as the United States is again being drawn back into the Middle East , including Iraq , to combat the brutality of the Islamic State . The speech will offer Bush a chance to show whether his national security views align more with the swaggering interventionism of his brother or the cautious internationalism of his father . Democrats are vowing to tether him to the controversial decisions of his brother , President George W. Bush , who they blame for starting a war in Iraq on false pretenses and for presiding over a disastrous occupation that cost trillions of dollars , thousands of U.S. and Iraqi lives and destabilized the region . The challenges of addressing his family 's foreign policy legacy are clear to Bush , who is already trying to defuse them . "  I love my father and my brother . I admire their service to the nation and the difficult decisions they had to make , " Bush will say according to excerpts of his speech . "  But I am my own man -- and my views are shaped by my own thinking and own experiences . " But he will also project them as a strength , calling himself "  lucky to have a father and a brother who have shaped America 's foreign policy from the Oval Office . " Bush is wading into foreign policy at a crucial time , when it appears that public opinion on issues of war could be shifting . A new CNN poll shows that Obama is beginning to pay a price for the lurid execution videos posted by ISIS and the group 's widening footprint through the Middle East and North Africa . Disapproval of Obama 's management of the ISIS crisis has climbed from 49 % in late September to 57 % now , potentially providing an opening for Republicans to push for tougher foreign policy . And Bush will slam Obama 's foreign policy as "  inconsistent and indecisive , " pointing out that Obama 's foreign policy has made the U.S. less influential despite Obama 's promise to engage leaders around the world , what Bush will dub "  the great irony " of Obama 's presidency , according to excerpts . But Bush is nevertheless likely to find himself pulled into a debate over conflicts initiated by George W. Bush that still vex U.S. policymakers and remain an open wound in American politics . Democrats insist they wo n't let Bush get away with his pledge to not re-litigate old wars . "  If you thought George Bush 's foreign policy made the world less safe , then you 're going to really hate Jeb Bush 's approach , " said Mo Elleithee , communications director of the Democratic National Committee . "  Even with the benefit of hindsight , he 's one of the few people left who still stands by the decision to rush into a war in Iraq based on false information , even when it took resources away from the hunt for al Qaeda in Afghanistan . And he 's made it pretty clear that if he had his way , we 'd still be in Iraq and staying there indefinitely . " Democrats believe George W. Bush created a mess abroad and voters will not buy attacks on President Barack Obama by his brother . "  The bulk of what we know of Jeb 's foreign policy experience is his steadfast refusal to criticize his brother when his brother was in office , " said Ben Ray of the progressive PAC American Bridge . "  On Friday , I think you saw him take an unsustainable position . That is not how presidential politics works . " Bush 's past statements on his brother 's presidency are already powering the Democratic attacks . "  During incredibly challenging times , he kept us safe , " Bush said at the Republican National Convention in 2012 . In an interview on CNN 's "  State of the Union " in March 2013 , Bush said : "  The war has wound down now and it 's still way too early to judge what successes it had in providing some degree of stability in the region . " A 2010 CNN interview in which the Bush brothers appeared together could provide Democrats even more fodder . During the interview , Jeb said "  I have never disagreed with  George W. Bush  ... 'til death do us part . " There are deeper reasons why Bush will find it hard to skip a full discussion on Iraq or Afghanistan . Neither war produced a clear-cut U.S. victory and both nations still face intractable political , military and sectarian challenges , including the rise of ISIS and the resilience of the Taliban , which will be among the most pressing foreign challenges for the next president . The politics of the Iraq war , meanwhile , remain toxic , and disputes over the origins of the conflict -- which have never been resolved -- cloud the debate over how to rescue Iraq from its current plight . Even people who worked for his brother believe Jeb Bush needs to address Iraq soon . "  There is no question that Gov. Bush has to talk about Iraq at some point , " said Peter Feaver , who was a leading official responsible for Iraq on George W. Bush 's National Security Council and is now at Duke University . "  Those questions will be asked of him and he has to have an answer . " Kori Schake , who also worked as a senior foreign policy aide in the Bush administration , agreed . "  I do think he is in a vulnerable position on Iraq because of his last name , " she said , conceding that the public perception of the Bush legacy on foreign policy was a wider problem for his party , not just Jeb Bush . "  Conservatives , Republicans have to rebuild public confidence in what we say we are going to do , " said Schake , now at the Hoover Institution . "  That is a high hurdle but it is an achievable hurdle . " Bush can take several approaches . He could argue that avoiding a rehash of the fierce war debate may actually help move the nation on and focus on the best way to tackle ISIS as it spreads across the Middle East . That might be beneficial because the current foreign policy disputes in Washington seem still mired in a perpetual blame game . "  When you ask : ` What is the appropriate U.S. response to ISIS ? ' half the people in Washington answer : ` George W. Bush broke Iraq and ISIS was born in the rubble . There would be no ISIS if it were n't for him . ' " Peggy Noonan wrote in her Wall Street Journal column earlier this month . "  The other half answer : ` When Barack Obama withdrew from Iraq , ISIS was born in the vacuum . There would be no ISIS without him . ' " Bush seems to be happy to engage in war talk if it centers on Obama 's missteps , which may offer him a chance to turn the conversation on Iraq away from simply yet another fight over his brother 's legacy . At the Detroit Economic Club earlier this month , Bush warned that Obama 's failure to arm rebels in Syria and insufficient attention to Iraq left a void for jihadism . "  As we pulled back from the Middle East , look what happened , " he said . "  Look what happened with ISIS in Syria . Look what happened with ISIS in Iraq . " And on Wednesday he will make the case for unapologetic leadership on the world stage coupled with a strong military , "  because I believe , fundamentally , that weakness invites war ... and strength encourages piece , " according to excerpts . This is hardly the first time Iraq has emerged as a campaign issue . The United States is fighting its third war in the country , if the current campaign against ISIS is included . Iraq was a key issue in presidential elections in 2004 and 2008 . It now looks certain that Obama will deposit the messy aftermath of the wars onto his successor , meaning they will return to the campaign trail in 2016 .	Bush does n't want to "  re-litigate " old rows over brother 's wars Democrats already planning Iraq war offensive But Obama missteps could help GOP
CNN  -- New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie on Friday said he 'd accept a medical marijuana bill that would expand options for patients -- including allowing qualified children to consume edible forms -- but only if certain changes are made . Christie told the Legislature that he would sign the bill if it stipulated that edible forms of marijuana would be dispensed only to minors , not to patients of all ages . Another condition : Christie wants to delete a provision that would have let children qualify for the program with only a doctor 's approval . Current law requires that children receive approval by at least a pediatrician and a psychiatrist . The bill , S2842 , would add edible marijuana to the current dry-leaf and lozenge options for all qualified patients . Christie wants the bill to allow edible marijuana for qualified children only -- a move that would please parents concerned that the other options posed choking and other health concerns . The bill also would eliminate a limit on the number of marijuana strains that the state 's dispensaries can cultivate -- ostensibly making it more likely that they would carry versions that certain patients seek . Christie did not ask for changes to this provision . Christie previously worried about going "  down the slippery slope of broadening a program and making it easier to get marijuana that would n't necessarily go to other people " â $ " and these modifications are perhaps a strategic compromise to not slide down the "  slippery slope . " "  Today , I am making commonsense recommendations to this legislation to ensure sick children receive the treatment their parents prefer , while maintaining appropriate safeguards , " Christie said in a statement released Friday . "  I am calling on the Legislature to reconvene quickly and address these issues so that children in need can get the treatment they need . " "  As I have repeatedly noted , I believe that parents , and not government regulators , are best suited to decide how to care for their children , " Christie continued . But some of the bill 's sponsors preferred the original language , which would open up the number of marijuana strains and ingestible forms to a wider range of patients , as well as an easier application process . "  I think it is ironic that Governor Christie believes that parents and government regulators should make the decision . This might be the most regulated law in the state , " state Sen. Joseph Vitale , one of the primary sponsors of the bill , told CNN Friday . "  The last thing we want is to delay it for the kids , so we want to pass it as soon as possible , " Vitale continued . "  It still requires too many unnecessary hurdles with physicians , but I do n't think we should hold it up anymore . " Assemblyman Reed Gusciora said older residents who ca n't ingest marijuana smoke should have access to an edible form . But he , too , prefers prompt action on the bill . Girl 's father pressed for changes Christie 's decision came under pressure from an epileptic girl 's father , who contends the bill would make it easier for her to get a version of the drug that might help her . Brian Wilson 's 2-year-old daughter , Vivian , suffers a version of epilepsy called Dravet syndrome . Normal epilepsy medications have so far failed to work for Vivian , and her family believes a certain type of medical marijuana -- one with high levels of cannabidiol , or CBD -- may be able to help . High-CBD strains of marijuana have helped other patients with Dravet Syndrome . Vivian is cleared to receive medical marijuana , but the state 's sole operating dispensary , currently limited by law to offering only three strains , does not offer the high-CBD marijuana her family seeks . Trying to get an answer on the bill but unable to get a meeting with the governor , Wilson and members of his family on Wednesday crashed a small Christie campaign stop at a local diner in Scotch Plains . "  I was wondering what the holdup was ; it 's been like two months now , " Wilson said to Christie . Christie responded that while the decision may be simple for Wilson , it 's not as easy for the Republican governor . Christie is thought to be a major contender for his party 's 2016 nomination for president . Marijuana stops child 's severe seizures "  These are complicated issues , " Christie told Wilson . "  I know you think it 's simple and it 's not . " Governor has been cautious on the issue Christie has in the past expressed trepidation about marijuana . "  I am not going to turn New Jersey into Colorado and California . I 'm not legalizing marijuana in New Jersey , " he said in July . As for children , Christie said he was "  very reluctant . " Of Christie 's call to modify the bill , Brian Wilson told CNN 's Jake Tapper : "  While it is a small victory ... it really just maintains the idea of making  New Jersey  one of the worst medical marijuana programs in the country . So it 's a small victory but it 's kind of ludicrous in a lot of ways . " Christie wants the state to keep the existing requirement of approval by at least a pediatrician and a psychiatrist for a child to be part of the medical marijuana program . "  The psychiatrist is just a roadblock , " Wilson said . "  There 's no rhyme or reason to have a psychiatrist be part of this decision . You 're talking about sick kids who are n't even mentally necessarily capable of talking . Vivian ca n't even talk . " While pleased that more forms of marijuana would be available under the bill , Wilson said edible forms of the drug should be available to patients of all ages . Regardless of whether Christie the bill is approved , it appears Vivian may soon have access to high-CBD marijuana . A dispensary expected to offer a high-CBD version is scheduled to open in New Jersey later this year , according to the New Jersey Department of Health . Vivian 's family also supported the bill because they prefer the edible form to lozenges -- which they say is a choking hazard and contains sugar , which is inadvisable for her condition -- and smoking . The Wilson family and their supporters have a website called Letters for Vivian at which they urge people to write Christie and asked him to support the measure . The letter says that the type of medical marijuana they want for Vivian has no "  high , " with far less tetrahydrocannabinol , or THC , than in recreational marijuana . THC is the active ingredient that gets people high . According to the letter , Vivian has been signed up for medical marijuana , but she "  has not received any medication due to New Jersey 's overreaching and unsafe restrictions " on the medical marijuana program . Opinions on the use of marijuana , particularly for medical purposes , have shifted in the United States in recent years , with a growing chorus that it should be made available by prescription . "  Protection of our children remains my utmost concern , and my heart goes out to those children and their families who are suffering with serious illnesses , " Christie said . Are American opinions on marijuana reaching tipping point ? CNN 's Jason Hanna contributed to this report .	Gov. Christie recommends two changes to bill before he signs it Bill would eliminate limit on strains that dispensaries can offer in New Jersey That could give patients access to useful types that otherwise would n't be available Bill also would make it simpler for children to qualify
London  CNN  -- What is the Greece debt deal ? Greece , the country at the center of the eurozone debt crisis , pushed through a huge debt swap in March to save it from disorderly default and clear the way to receive its second bailout , worth â ‚ ¬ 130 billion  $ 171.5 billion  . The country 's massive pile of debt has threatened the stability of the 17-country eurozone during a crisis which has dragged on for almost two years . The announcement that Greece successfully pushed through the largest ever sovereign debt restructuring gives some breathing space as the bloc attempts to pull itself back from the brink . In the deal , the country swapped existing bonds for new ones that are worth far less , effectively halving the country 's â ‚ ¬ 206 billion bill to private sector creditors . The restructuring takes pressure off the country in the short term , but as it struggles to rein in huge debts , questions remain over its ability to remain in the eurozone . At the time of the swap , David Watts , of Creditsights , said : "  It seems unlikely that the Greek -LSB- debt deal -RSB- , despite its sizeable writedown , is the last we 've seen of Greece in this crisis . " He added , "  there are still questions overhanging the restructuring and further questions over whether this deal makes Greece 's debt position sustainable . " Does Greece still face disorderly default ? The decision to insert collective action clauses in Greek bonds -- which enabled the country to force through the debt swap against the will of some creditors -- was deemed by ratings agency Standard & Poor 's to be a "  selective default . " Investors who hold credit default swaps on the country 's debt -- a type of insurance against default -- were paid out following the deal . However , the greater fear has been that Greece will face disorderly default , or a sudden inability to pay its bills . That has been avoided for now , but the country is facing a contracting economy and its debt is currently at 160 % of its GDP . Questions are already being raised about the ability for Greece , which is entering its fifth year of recession and struggling under harsh austerity measures , to pull through without further restructuring . An election expected in May is likely to further shine the spotlight on Greece 's commitment to the austerity measures which it was forced to implement in exchange for the bailout packages from its eurozone peers and the International Monetary Fund . Throughout the crisis , which was triggered after Greece admitted its finances were far worse than first reported , the country has faced protests on the street and an inability to raise money from investors , leaving it reliant on the bailout funds . Why is Greece still being supported ? The financial collapse of a eurozone member is politically and economically charged . The common currency lies at the heart of the "  European dream " and a disorderly default by one its members would be devastating . So Greece is being supported by its eurozone peers as Europe 's leaders , led by German Chancellor Angela Merkel and French President Nicolas Sarkozy , desperately attempt to figure out how to fix the problems . The potential for the crisis to spread to Italy and Spain -- the so-called "  contagion " effect -- is a powerful incentive to contain the problem . Bailouts of Greece , Ireland and Portugal have created backlashes in countries such as Germany where the prospect of holding up the bloc 's far larger economies is economically and politically unpalatable . So what are Europe 's leaders doing ? Most European leaders have agreed on a fiscal pact which strengthens a financial firewall and is designed to prevent governments running excessive deficits . The â ‚ ¬ 500 billion permanent bailout fund -- called the European Stability Mechanism -- is being introduced mid year , rather than next year as originally planned . But Europe 's leaders have come up with grand plans before and been knocked back by the markets . It remains to be seen if the latest twist in Greece 's debt crisis can stem the crisis . Simon Denham , of Capital Spreads , said in a note on the deal : "  Is this the final breaking point in the conversation over Greece ? Unfortunately I fear not as we 've been here so many times before . " He added , "  the focus is likely to shift onto other parts of the eurozone with Portugal being the main target . " How serious is a default ? It depends if it is disorderly , or controlled . The greatest fear has always been a disorderly default , in which Greece would reach a repayment deadline without the funds in hand to pay . There have been numerous grim predictions should this situation eventuate , including global panic and market sell-offs . A default might mean French and German banks exposed to the debt will begin to struggle , resulting in a credit lockdown by the wider banking sector . If banks are forced to take this hit , it could have global economic consequences similar to those seen in the financial crisis that followed the collapse of Lehman Brothers in 2008 . Investors would also begin looking at which other countries are facing financial difficulties , including Italy and Spain . If investors stop supporting these countries , the eurozone 's stronger countries could again be leaned on for financial assistance . But that 's where the help from Europe , and further afield , could run out of capacity . Italy 's economy , for example , makes up 17 % of the eurozone -- nearly seven times bigger than that of Greece . These countries are regarded as "  too big to fail , " because bailouts would be too expensive . How did we get here ? Greece 's economy has struggled since the country joined the euro in 2001 . In 2004 , it admitted its budget deficit was higher than allowed under rules of entry . By 2008 the government had narrowly passed a belt-tightening budget , designed to trim its massive national debt burden , triggering widespread protests . In 2009 , Greece admitted its deficit would be more than 12 % of gross domestic product -- far higher than previous estimates and more than four times the requirements of entry into the eurozone . The country was hit with ratings downgrades , pushing its sovereign bonds into so-called "  junk " territory . At the same time , resistance to the austerity measures and a contracting economy have made it extremely difficult for Greece to clamber its way out of the financial problems . Is it time for Greece to drop out of the euro ? Despite the relief offered by a second eurozone bailout , Greece is running out of options as pressure grows on its finances . Unless it can make good on massive debts it faces financial collapse , with heavy consequences not only for the eurozone countries but for the global economy . The ECB , IMF and eurozone countries have poured money into Greece to prevent this outcome and may have to continue doing so unless another solution can be found . This has led to calls for Greece to be allowed to quit or be thrown out of the euro . Some Greeks also support this since they believe it would spare them from harsh austerity measures demanded as conditions for assistance . Economists are divided . Many say it is impossible for Greece to drop out because the consequences would be so disastrous that eurozone economies will not allow this to happen . How would quitting the euro affect the Greeks ? This would liberate Greece from the eurozone 's fixed exchange rate , allowing it to become a more competitive exporter and -- as it unshackles its currency -- an attractively cheap tourist destination . But it would come with a heavy price . It would still leave Greece in debt and reliant on handouts that former eurozone partners would be less willing to supply . It would also mean Greeks would face higher prices for imported goods . It is also likely to drive people out of their homeland as they seek to escape lower wages and higher taxes . This could set back the country 's economic recovery back by years . CNN 's Laura Smith-Spark and CNNMoney 's Ben Rooney contributed to this report	Greece is in negotiations over its latest bailout deal , but needs to meet harsh new terms The country is implementing austerity measures but faces protests and deteriorating finances The default of a eurozone member is politically and economically charged
London , England  CNN  -- Britain 's involvement in the invasion of Iraq "  was the right decision and it was for the right reasons , " Prime Minister Gordon Brown said Friday in his first response at an inquiry into country 's role in the March 2003 conflict . Brown was answering a question from the chairman of the inquiry , John Chilcot , about whether he thought taking military action in March 2003 was the right decision , especially given that it led to such a great loss of life among military personnel and civilians . The prime minister said he respects members of the armed forces "  who served with great distinction in Iraq " and lost their lives , and to civilians who died . "  I think any loss of life is something that makes us very sad indeed , " Brown said . The inquiry began last year and is expected to be the most thorough investigation yet into decisions that led up to the war and governed Britain 's involvement , analysts have said . It is not a court of law , so the inquiry can not find anyone criminally responsible or apportion blame . But inquiry members will be able to judge the legality of the conflict . Brown spent much of Friday defending military spending allowances , which have come under harsh scrutiny in Britain . Earlier witnesses have said Brown , as head of the British Treasury leading up to and after the Iraq invasion , did not allow the Ministry of Defence to spend as much as was needed . Such cuts would have restricted the military 's ability to buy helicopters , body armor and weapons that would have subsequently been used in Afghanistan . Brown said as chancellor , he never ruled out a military option on the basis of cost . "  I said that every single request that was made for -LSB- military -RSB- equipment had to be met , and every request was met , and at any point military commanders were able to ask for equipment that they needed , and I know of no occasion when they were turned down for it , " Brown testified . Tony Blair testifies at Iraq inquiry Geoff Hoon , defence secretary at the time of the 2003 invasion , testified that Brown forced cuts that limited military spending . "  We then had to look hard at our budget and make some rather difficult cuts in the future equipment program as a result , " Hoon testified . Brown had faced increasing pressure to testify before Britain holds general elections , widely expected to be held May 6 . His Labour Party faces a tight race with the opposition Conservatives . Chilcot , the inquiry chairman , said committee members previously decided not to call any government ministers who are still serving in posts relevant to Iraq , but Brown offered to testify . Chilcot announced in January that Brown had agreed to appear in the next two months . Susan Smith , whose son , Pvt. Phillip Hewett , died in Iraq in 2005 , said she does n't believe Brown did everything possible to equip British troops . "  Was it needed ? Was it asked for ? If it was , why was it not funded ? " she said . "  At the moment , you 've got no answers . It 's all speculation . It would be nice just to know the truth . " Brown has faced repeated criticism for the level of equipment for the 9,000 British troops in Afghanistan , which some have said is too low . The prime minister has defended equipment levels and said he seeks assurances from military officers in the field that troops have the supplies they need . A military memo , sent in June but released in October , contained a warning from a British officer that a shortage of helicopters was putting troops at risk because they were forced to travel on the ground , increasing the chances a roadside bomb could kill them . The memo was written by Lt. Col. Rupert Thorneloe , who died a month later in a roadside bombing . At the time , he was the highest-ranking British serviceman to die in combat since the 1982 Falklands War . Gen. Michael Walker previously testified the Treasury gave defence officials a spending target that they found hard to reach . "  It was -LSB- a budget for -RSB- some of the stuff that was related to some of the longer-term equipment programs , including infantry battalions , " he testified February 1 . "  I think it included helicopter money . I think it included things like aircraft carriers . It was all big-ticket items that were being threatened . " Defence officials made as many cuts as they could before they had to stop , Walker said . "  I think we drew a line somewhere halfway down the page and said , ` If you go any further than that , you 'll probably have to look for a new set of chiefs , ' " he said . Hoon and others have testified that the Defence Ministry 's budgeting structure in 2002 , the year before the Iraq invasion , allowed officials to save money by using and maintaining existing equipment . Officials used the cash saved for other spending , Hoon said . That spending ability changed a year later and caused big problems for the ministry , they have testified . "  We asked for significantly more money than we eventually received " in subsequent spending programs , Hoon said . Kevin Tebbit , who was permanent secretary to the Defence Ministry at the time of the invasion , said Brown did not want the ministry to have as much cash as it eventually received . "  The Treasury felt that we were using far too much cash , and in September 2003 , the chancellor of the day instituted a complete guillotine on our -LSB- ability to spend -RSB- , " he said . "  It meant that we had to go in for a very major savings exercise in order to cope with what was effectively a billion pounds reduction in our finances . " Brown testified that military options took precedence over financial concerns . "  There was no time from June -LSB- 2002 -RSB- when the Treasury said , ` This is a better military option because it 's cheaper and less costly , ' " Brown said . "  At every point I made it clear that we would support whatever option the military decided upon with the prime minister and the Cabinet , and there would be no financial barrier to us doing what was necessary to be done . " He also testified the Treasury granted "  every application " for equipment made by the Defence Ministry . Brown was chancellor , or head of the Treasury , from 1997 until 2007 when Prime Minister Tony Blair stepped down and Brown took over the top post . Alistair Campbell , Blair 's former spokesman , testified in January that Brown was part of Blair 's inner circle , discussing questions about the Iraq war . Blair testified in January .	Gordon Brown served as Chancellor , or head of the Treasury , from 1997 until 2007 Brown : "  Financial concerns played no part in military planning for the Iraq " Brown : "  I made it clear we would support whatever option the military decided upon " The decision to go to war in Iraq was made for the right reasons , he said
Washington  CNN  -- The U.S. Agency for International Development has paid Alan Gross $ 3.2 million , settling a claim over the former contractor freed last week by Cuba after five years in prison , a spokesman for the federal agency tells CNN . USAID , the agency which oversees foreign aid , said it finalized the settlement with Development Alternatives , Inc  DAI  . Gross was employed by the Maryland-based company when he was arrested in 2009 trying to provide cell phones and other communications equiment to Cuba 's Jewish community under a USAID program . The U.S. maintained Gross was trying to help Cubans access the Internet as part of democracy-building program in a country where information is tightly controlled . Gross was serving a 15-year sentence for trying to subvert the Cuban government , but was released last week as part of a landmark deal that paved the way for a restoration of diplomatic ties between the U.S. and Cuba after more than 50 years . In a statement released Tuesday , USAID said the settlement -- agreed to in principle in November -- calls for payment by USAID for unanticipated claims under a cost-reimbursement contract , including claims related to Gross . DAI had been seeking $ 7 million in costs before the Civilian Board of Contract Appeals . "  The settlement avoids the cost , delay and risks of further proceedings , and does not constitute an admission of liability by either party , " the statement said . The USAID spokesman said as part of the settlement agreement , the agency agreed to pay Gross the $ 3.2 million directly . RELATED : CNN/ORC Poll : Americans side with Obama on Cuba Gross and his wife , Judy , filed a $ 60 million lawsuit in November 2012 for gross negligence against the U.S. government and DAI . They settled with DAI for undisclosed terms in May 2013 , and a U.S. district court threw out his claim against the U.S. government . That ruling was upheld on appeal last month .	The U.S. Agency for International Development has paid Alan Gross $ 3.2 million in a settlement Gross and his wife had filed a $ 60 million lawsuit in 2012 against the U.S. government and DAI Gross was released after a five-year imprisonment in Cuba last week
CNN  -- Federal authorities say they 've cracked an international gambling ring calling itself Macho Sports , whose customers would place bets with bookies , by phone and online and -- if they lost -- risked paying a painful price . Authorities allege in the indictment , which was filed in the U.S. District Court for Southern California , that the illicit gambling company curried a "  violent reputation " for its use of "  intimidation , threats and violence . " In addition to the Peru-headquartered organization itself , 18 individuals face racketeering and illegal gambling charges , states the indictment . The former is punishable by up to 20 years in prison , while the latter charge carries a maximum five-year prison sentence . Fifteen of those individuals were arrested earlier Wednesday in Southern California ; Oslo , Norway ; and Lima , Peru , the U.S. Attorney 's Office for Southern California said in a press release . Authorities took Jan Harald Portocarrero , one of the alleged ringleaders , into custody Wednesday night , said U.S. Attorney 's office spokesman Andrew Schopler . At that time , two other people -- Young Hee Koh and Dunzmy June Nguyen -- remained at large , Schopler said . "  Criminal enterprises like ` Macho Sports ' and their U.S. based ` bookmakers ' prey on gambling addictions of their betting customers , wreaking havoc on people 's lives and the lives of family members , " Daphne Hearn , special agent in charge of the FBI 's San Diego office , said in a press release . Brothers Jan Harald Portocarrero and Erik Portocarrero , originally from California , set up Macho Sports International in Panama in 2002 , according to Panamanian public documents cited in U.S. authorities ' probable cause statement . The company moved its headquarters six years later to Peru , where the Portocarreros had family , though its customers were in California and elsewhere . Over the past decade , customers were invited to place bets on sporting events -- from NFL games to mixed-martial arts fights -- either through a system of bookies , by calling a toll-free phone number or through personal accounts set up on two Internet sites . Macho Sports employed phone operators , bookies , "  sub-bookies , " runners and collectors to deliver winnings and collect debts from customers , U.S. authorities explained . The probable cause statement features excerpts of several phone wiretaps . In one , a bookie openly worries that he might get arrested , to which Jan Harald Portocarrero replies , "  It 's not that easy . " The bookie responds , "  Yeah , but you 're 8,000 miles away . You 're untouchable . " People involved in Macho Sports spoke about gambling-debt collectors ' sometimes violent tactics . Jan Harald Portocarrero , for instance , referred to one who he said "  kidnaps people , strikes them with a gun , and he 's walking the streets . " The federal complaint claims that proceeds were laundered "  by inducing customers to pay their gambling losses to various entities that appeared to be unrelated to Macho Sports , such as check-cashing businesses . CNN 's Elwyn Lopez contributed to this report .	NEW : Other alleged ringleader is detained ; 2 of the 18 charged are at large , spokesman says Set up in Panama and later moved to Peru , Macho Sports had customers in U.S. They could bet on sports events through bookies , by phone and through Internet sites Macho Sports ' employees used "  intimidation , threats and violence , " authorities say
CNN  -- Olafur Ragnar Grimsson is currently enjoying a third term as President of the Republic of Iceland . Since first being elected in 1996 , Grimsson has been a passionate advocate of international cooperation in combating climate change . Olafur Ragnar Grimsson Whilst Iceland still imports oil for its transport , electricity is generated from hydroelectric power . And heating is provided by geothermal power -- an abundant source in energy due to Iceland 's geographical position sitting above two continental plates . Iceland is also pioneering the use of hydrogen power with several projects testing the viability of this renewable energy . In his youth , Grimsson studied Economics and Political Science at Manchester University , gaining a B.A. and a Ph.D before returning to Iceland to take up a post as a professor of Political Science at the University of Iceland . He entered Althingi , the Icelandic parliament in 1978 , served as minister of finance between 1988 and 1991 and was leader of the Peoples ' Alliance from 1987 to 1995 . Grimsson promotes the intelligent use of renewable energy resources and is providing world leaders with an invaluable insight into how their own economies might make the switch to more renewable sources of energy .	Olafur Grimsson is Principal Voices ' Frontline Pioneer for the Economics of Energy Grimsson has been President of the Republic of Iceland since 1996 He has called repeatedly for international cooperation on climate change
CNN  -- As a rehabilitation physician , I 've supported many of the ideas behind the Affordable Care Act since before Barack Obama 's presidency began . During the hot summer of town hall debates surrounding the legislation in 2009 , I wrote an essay called "  Standing up for Obama 's health plan , " and I have continued highlighting the fundamental advances that all of us , most especially disabled Americans , stand to share under the ACA . But when the Obama administration decided last week to pull out a major pillar of the ACA , they lost my faith in their political wisdom . There was a practical necessity to many of the president 's other compromises in order to get the ACA passed . Regrettably , it gives states just enough power over insurance marketplaces and the Medicaid expansion to continue the unequal and unfair distribution of state-based social services . It allows states to eviscerate Medicaid in ways that do n't make sense . In some states , Medicaid pays to save the life of a stroke victim in the hospital , but then denies adequate rehabilitation services and devices to prevent that person 's ongoing health problems from rapidly placing further strain on the thin social-service safety net . The vast majority of Americans get medical insurance through their employers , although the number of employers that offer insurance has fallen 10 % since 2000 , and the insurance they do offer is increasingly lousy . Low-quality insurance , like so-called "  mini medical " plans , is common . Employees wo n't know their coverage is insufficient until it 's too late . If you work for one of these companies and your child suffers a serious trauma , the 30 visits or fewer these plans offer for outpatient therapy simply wo n't be enough . I 've seen this gut-wrenching situation time and again . True health care reform must end this sorry state of affairs in the workplace , where health care is centered . But by postponing for a year the implementation of the ACA 's requirement that employers with more than 50 full-time workers offer insurance of minimally acceptable quality or face fines of $ 2,000 to $ 3,000 , the administration has weakened the core of health care reform . It is delaying a critical national debate on what the ACA minimums should be . How did this happen ? The administration caved to pressure from business lobbyists , who , according to Politico , "  mounted a coordinated campaign to convince senior White House officials that their date for requiring coverage was simply impractical . " It 's too bad patients and health care providers did n't get their counterbalancing message out . Without it , the business lobby was able to create an atmosphere of false urgency by claiming businesses were n't ready to start filing the information about the insurance plans they offer  or do n't  . Without that critical information , the rest of the already heavily compromised ACA apparatus starts to tilt precariously . How can the government enforce the individual mandate , which requires people to buy insurance if their employers do n't offer it or if they offer insurance that is substandard or overpriced ? Without information from businesses , the government wo n't know whether individuals are claiming legitimate exemptions or not . The federal government has long excelled at helping private businesses attract and retain workers with affordable benefits . American business lobbyists do n't gripe so much about the nearly $ 200 billion in tax credits the nation grants their clients by designating employer-offered health benefits nontaxable . You 'd think businesses would be pleased that the Congressional Budget Office projects that businesses that do n't offer qualifying insurance plans will be paying only $ 10 billion in penalties in 2014 . Now they 'll be paying zilch . In its notice announcing the ACA delay , the administration correctly states that the vast majority of employers already provide insurance . But so what ? The ACA is as much about regulating insurance as encouraging businesses to provide it . America 's employers , left to their own devices , have been exchanging dinky medical insurance for cheaper products and services for too long . Peachtree Hotel Group , which owns a variety of chain hotels , mostly in the South , recently disclosed to The Wall Street Journal how much it nickle-and-dimes the health of its 550 employees . The company 's chief financial officer says it offers a limited benefit plan , and now that the ACA is delayed for a year , it may increase the employee contribution on the full-benefit plan it was planning to offer next year under the law . The next time you stay at Peachtree 's Courtyard by Marriott in Gulf Shores , Alabama , know that you could be paying a few cents less for your room so that Peachtree can provide capped health coverage to its valued employees . But if a Peachtree employee were to suffer a catastrophic injury , every taxpaying citizen of Alabama would be paying a few cents more to provide the Medicaid coverage and social services the patient needs . Why does it make sense to let companies make irresponsible choices in exchange for a little more profit ? These are the kinds of cutthroat business decisions a massive piece of legislation like the ACA should combat . The retail and restaurant lobbyists who stealthily hunted bigger profit margins these past few months will now seize on the act 's wounded carcass . Republicans are already charging that this delay proves the administration knows the ACA is unworkable . They 're using this decision as another opportunity to stop or delay the law . They 're right to do so . The ACA represents a large , painful change for a number of American institutions . Hospitals , doctors , patients , insurers and our government are in for a period of turmoil as these changes pulse through society 's many layers . Handing a reprieve to one of those groups is unfair to the rest of us , and will distort the necessary debates as specific problems come to light just in time for the 2014 midterm elections . The administration should either delay the whole law until 2015 or go forward in 2014 as planned . Mortally wounding the ACA before the coming battle is n't compromise -- it 's foreshadowing . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ford Vox .	Ford Vox says the new delay in employer mandate has made him lose faith in Obama 's wisdom He says businesses lobbied for delay , but the poorly insured and taxpayers pay the price He says move delays penalties , protects profits , for businesses that do n't meet ACA regulations Vox : Mortally wounding Obamacare before midterm elections helps its opponents
NEW YORK  CNN  -- The arrest of a local imam for allegedly lying to the FBI about tipping off a suspected terrorist sent shock waves through the Afghan community in New York . Ahmad Wais Afzali , a prominent imam in Queens who runs an Islamic burial service for the Muslim community , has maintained his innocence in the case . He 's charged in connection with a terror probe that revolves around 24-year-old Najibullah Zazi . Prosecutors said Zazi received explosives training with the intent to bomb a high density target in the United States , and that Afzali jeopardized their investigation by telling Zazi that federal investigators were on to him . Afzali 's attorney , Ron Kuby , said his client was trying to help investigators find Zazi , whose family attended his mosque several years ago . Kuby said the imam "  consistently cooperated " with police in previous investigations and now "  feels ill-used . " Afzali , 37 , immigrated to the United States from Afghanistan with his family when he was 7 years old . He was released on a $ 1.5 million bond Thursday . Hours later , he told reporters surrounding him and his wife outside their home in Queens that he 'd received many messages of support . "  I am grateful not only to the Afghani community , I am very grateful even to the non-Muslims and the Muslims , " he said . The Afghan community in Queens is a tightly-knit one , where much of the social interaction centers around religion . It 's in that climate that Afzali flourished , establishing himself as a role model to young Muslims who seemed lost , says Abdul Rouzyi , the owner of an Afghan kebab restaurant in the area . "  He 's young , good-looking and rich , " Rouzyi told CNN . "  A lot of people looked up to him . " Rouzyi said he had seen young Afghan and Pakistani kids who were into drugs turn their lives around after being mentored by Afzali . Ahmad Wahidi , a 20 year-old college student who knew Afzali through the local mosque , the Masjid Al-Saaliheen , said the community 's anger and shock over Afzali 's arrest has been muted by fear . "  Nobody really talks about it because they 're scared , " said Wahidi . Wahidi said the fear is rooted in the belief that Afzali 's words were twisted against him . Ahmad Wais , president of the Masjid Al-Saaliheen and a childhood friend of the imam , said this case may have a negative impact on the Afghan-Muslim community 's relationship with law enforcement . "  Personally , I feel that the law enforcement , what they did with this guy -- even the people who want to help , now they 're afraid to come forward . " Afzali seems to believe the justice system will vindicate him . "  We all are American citizens . I was raised in America . I have been American since I was 7 years old . Before being judged in media , papers and TV , know the facts from fiction . "	Prominent imam Ahmad Wais Afzali accused of lying to FBI in terror probe Afzali , who runs an Islamic burial service in Queens , maintains innocence in case Friends , neighbors say members of community looked up to Afzali Friend says case may negatively affect community 's relationship with authorities
CNN  -- A federal judge with a secret court has refused the Obama administration 's request to extend storage of classified National Security Agency telephone surveillance data beyond the current five-year limit . The Justice Department had argued several pending lawsuits over the bulk data collection program require it to preserve the records for a longer period of time . Judge Reggie Walton , who presides over the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court , concluded on Friday the government had not overcome larger privacy concerns . "  The amended procedures would further infringe on the privacy interests of United States persons whose telephone records were acquired in vast numbers and retained by the government to aid in national security investigations , " said Walton , whose main duties are as a Washington-based federal district court judge . "  The great majority of these individuals have never been the subject of investigations by the FBI to protect against international terrorism or clandestine intelligence activities . The government seeks to retain these records , not for national security reasons , but because some of them may be relevant in civil litigation in which the destruction of those very same records is being requested . However , the civil plaintiffs potentially interested in preserving the  telecom  metadata have expressed no desire to acquire the records . " Current surveillance court orders require the National Security Agency or telecommunication companies that gathered the phone records to purge the material within five years . "  The government makes no attempt to explain why it believes the records that are subject to destruction are relevant to the civil cases , " said Walton in his 12-page order . There was no immediate reaction to the order from the Justice Department . Intelligence leaker Edward Snowden last June revealed a secret surveillance court order approving government collection of mass amounts of metadata from telecom giant Verizon . It includes phone numbers called and their location . The exact percentage of metadata being collected has not been revealed publicly . Monitoring of actual conversations requires a separate warrant . President Barack Obama in January cited privacy concerns when announcing that such data should no longer be held by the government , but instead be turned over to the domestic telecoms or a private third party . NSA would still have access to the calls to track potential terror connections . He ordered the intelligence community to formulate such a plan by March 28 . The mission of the FISA court , named after the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act that created it , is to decide whether to grant certain types of government requests -- wiretapping , data analysis , and other monitoring for "  foreign intelligence purposes " of suspected terrorists and spies operating in the United States . The once-secret approval of collecting bits and pieces of information from electronic communications comes quarterly from judges at the court . To collect the information , the government has to demonstrate to a judge that it is "  relevant " to an international terrorism investigation . There were 1,856 applications in 2012 to the FISA Court for electronic surveillance and physical searches for "  foreign intelligence purposes , " the Justice Department said . The current case is In re : Application of the FBI for an Order Requiring the Production of Tangible Things  BR 14-01  .	Judge with secret FISA court said the government has not overcome privacy concerns Current law requires the government to purge surveillance records within five years The Justice Department argued that the data had to be preserved due to litigation
CNN  -- When animal rights activist Jasmin Singer found herself face to face with a scientist who conducts animal testing , a cupcake was exchanged instead of harsh words . "  A good vegan cupcake has the power to transform everything for the better , " Singer said . "  It 's almost like a political statement with icing . " Singer was co-hosting a vegan bake sale in New York last week as part of the second annual Worldwide Vegan Bake Sale . More than 120 groups across six continents are holding vegan bake sales from April 24 through May 2 . Bake sale participants see the sweet treats as a way to introduce those unfamiliar with a vegan diet to some of the flavorful foods they can eat . While vegetarians stay away from meat but may consume dairy and eggs , vegans give up all animal products . Some people become vegan for animal welfare reasons . Others view it as a way to reduce their carbon footprint . Still others choose the plant-based diet as part of a healthier lifestyle . Ruxandra Costescu , of Bucharest , Romania , said most attendees at the bake sales she helped organize were n't vegan . One person who showed up could n't decide what he wanted , so he took one of everything , she said , adding that he came back later to buy more of his favorites for his family . "  It 's really nice to have people who eat anything really appreciate the vegan treats , " Costescu said . "  Usually people are amazed that they 're so tasty . " In Sydney , Australia , Amanda Salles was inspired to start regularly holding vegan bake sales after joining the first worldwide bake sale last year . She has never gone to an animal rights rally , but she tries to make a difference by baking vegan desserts like gingerbread cookies . "  I know a lot of people probably think it 's not enough or that you should be going to protests or demonstrations , " she said . "  But it 's a good way to participate . It 's not very aggressive . " Some approaches to vegan outreach are less subtle . People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals has had half-naked activists campaign against meat consumption by covering themselves in fake blood and lying in human-sized meat packages . PETA 's theatrics may seem a far cry from a bake sale , but the organization sees the sales and protests as means of reaching the same goal . "  Even if -LSB- people -RSB- do n't like the medium that we 're using to get things across , we really just try to make sure they understand why we 're doing it , " said PETA senior campaigner Ashley Byrne . Gary Loewenthal , director of the Worldwide Vegan Bake Sale , said he believes bake sales can be a nice change of pace for people used to more confrontational forms of activism . "  I liked it because it combined this time-honored , well-liked tradition with vegan outreach , " he said . He started planning last year 's event from his home in Falls Church , Virginia , after brainstorming fundraising opportunities with Compassion for Animals , the animal advocacy group he helps run . Loewenthal sent invitations to cities all over the world and soon generated a buzz online . In 2009 , the event had close to 100 participants and raised more than $ 25,000 . Each group decides where to direct the proceeds of its own bake sale . While the money is not required to go to any specific type of organization , many opt to donate to nonprofit groups . Two events in Seattle , Washington , last week raised $ 1,770 for Pigs Peace Sanctuary , where Edgar , a potbellied pig , is being treated for a broken leg . Funds from a vegan bake sale in California on Sunday will benefit breast cancer research and education through the Avon Foundation . A group in Louisiana will send its proceeds to Food For Life , a vegan hunger-relief organization . When Loewenthal started researching vegan bake sales in 2008 , a Google search yielded few results . Now , he says , one can find at least a handful of them taking place in any given month . In late January , more than 25 U.S. cities held vegan bake sales to raise money for Haiti hurricane relief . They were able to donate more than $ 75,000 , according to organizer Isa Moskowitz , author of a number of vegan cookbooks . The growing popularity of vegan bake sales makes Loewenthal think about the future of the Worldwide Vegan Bake Sale . "  We 've got some ideas going forward about how to keep it fresh , " he said . "  But we 're also prepared for it to be obsolete . ... We can call it a success and go on to something else . "	Second annual Worldwide Vegan Bake Sale runs from April 24 to May 2 More than 120 groups worldwide selling tasty treats that contain no animal products Animal rights activist : "  It 's almost like a political statement with icing "
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- At least 42 people died and another 145 were wounded in a massive car bombing Sunday in the large Pakistani seaport city of Karachi , authorities said . The toll could rise as rescue workers continued to recover bodies early Monday , said Syed Hashim Raza Zaidi , the top government official in Karachi . The blast apparently targeted Shiite Muslims who lived in buildings surrounding where the vehicle , loaded with 150 kilograms of explosives , was parked , according to senior Karachi police official Rao Anwar Ahmed . A timing device triggered the explosion next to a market in Karachi 's Abbas town , Ahmed said . Two explosions were initially reported , but the second blast has been attributed to a pipe that exploded as a result of the bombing , he added . As of about midnight Sunday , no militant groups were known to have claimed responsibility , said Zaidi . Pakistan 's Prime Minister Raja Pervez Ashraf and President Asif Ali Zardari both immediately condemned the attack . "  Expressing sympathies with the bereaved families , the president directed the authorities concerned to ensure that the best medical treatment was provided to the injured , " a statement from Zardari said . Pakistani has seen several such deadly attacks in recent years , including one last month that struck a crowded marketplace on the outskirts of Quetta that killed at least 89 people and wounded at least 180 others . That blast followed a January day of bomb attacks targeting Shiites in Quetta that left at least 85 people dead . On February 1 , a suicide bomber detonated his explosives near a marketplace in the northern Pakistan city of Hangu near the Afghanistan border , killing at least 23 people . Such violence is a common problem in the volatile Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province , which , like Quetta 's home province of Balochistan , borders Afghanistan . Karachi , meanwhile , is some 1,350 kilometers  840 miles  south of Hangu and 800 kilometers  about 500 miles  from Quetta on Pakistan 's southern coast . Situated along the Arabian Sea , it is the South Asian country 's financial center and its most populated city . Still , despite its distance from Pakistan 's tumultuous western border areas , Karachi has not been entirely immune to violence . In February 2010 , for instance , at least 18 people died in blasts targeting a bus full of Shiite religious observers and another in front of a hospital . And in late 2009 , a suicide bombing targeting a Shiite procession moving through Karachi killed at least 40 people . Get the latest news from CNN.com	NEW : Rescue workers continue to discover bodies , a Karachi official says The blast apparently targeted Shiites in Karachi , police say A timing device triggered the 150 kilograms of explosives , police say Police say the death toll could rise as more bodies are found in rubble
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Members of the Screen Actors Guild overwhelmingly voted to approve a new two-year contract with studios and producers , the union announced Tuesday . Alan Rosenberg , national president of SAG , calls the terms of the contract "  devastatingly unsatisfactory . " "  This decisive vote gets our members back to work with immediate pay raises and puts SAG in a strong position for the future , " said David White , the group 's interim national executive director . The union endorsed the package 78 percent to 22 percent . The Alliance of Motion Picture and Television Producers hailed the vote , after a two-year-long negotiating process . "  The ratification vote by SAG members is good news for the entertainment industry , " the alliance 's Web site said . "  We look forward to working with SAG members ... to emerge from today 's significant economic challenges with a strong and growing business . " The actors had been working without a contract for nearly a year and the new contract did not immediately clear away the bad feelings . "  The membership has spoken and has decided to work under the terms of this contract that many of us , who have been involved in these negotiations from the beginning , believe to be devastatingly unsatisfactory , " said Alan Rosenberg , the Screen Actors Guild national president . "  I call upon all SAG members to begin to ready themselves for the battle ahead . " Before the agreement , the two sides had been at odds mainly over the amount actors should be paid when their movies or TV shows are distributed on discs or through new media , such as mobile phones and the Internet . The talks were tumultuous for Hollywood 's biggest actors union . During the drawn-out process , SAG fired its executive director and named a new chief negotiator amid a bitter division among the actors over the question of calling a strike against the Alliance of Motion Picture and Television Producers .	Screen Actors Guild endorses package with studios and producers 78 % to 22 % Alliance of Motion Picture and Television Producers hails the vote SAG National President Alan Rosenberg thinks union settled for bad deal Main sticking point had been how actors get paid in new-media distributions
CNN  -- Thirty-three Haitians were released Thursday from immigration detention facilities in Florida , more than two months after they arrived in the United States lacking proper immigration papers in the aftermath of their country 's devastating earthquake . The 33 were among 65 Haitians detained since entering the country without visas after the January 12 earthquake . Thirty-two continue to be held . Many of those freed Thursday were released to family members already living in the United States , but they will remain under supervision of federal immigration officials . Most of those detained came to the United States on military planes , according to Florida Immigrant Advocacy Center attorney Allison Kent . Kent and her colleagues at the center , along with a team of law students from across the country , started working on the release of the Haitians in February . Some of the detainees told Kent that after a violent aftershock in Haiti , U.S. Marines waved them onto a military plane waiting at the Port-au-Prince airport . Kent said others went to the airport in search of food and aid and ended up in a line to board a plane out of the country . At no point did anyone on the ground ask to see the necessary visa documents for the Haitians to enter the United States legally , Kent said . A Department of Homeland Security official who asked not to be identified did not discount the stories , saying that it was a very chaotic situation after the earthquake . But the official added that there were instances where individuals intentionally tried to gain access to the United States illegally . While all the Haitians released Thursday still face deportation orders , the United States halted deportation to Haiti in response to the devastation of the earthquake . No timeline has been set for their removal , according to a DHS official . The advocacy center called the detention of the Haitians unnecessary without a deportation date and claimed that many of them showed signs of depression , anxiety and post-traumatic stress disorder . "  Our clients ' prolonged detention only exacerbated the terrible trauma they had already suffered before fleeing Haiti , " said Cheryl Little , center executive director . "  While we 're obviously thrilled and grateful that this group will finally be able to attempt to recover from their horrific experiences , it 's difficult to understand why they were n't released sooner . " After the earthquake , the United States extended "  temporary protected status " clearance to Haitian nationals , but only to those present in the United States before the earthquake . "  In order to mitigate the probability that Haitians may attempt to make a potentially deadly journey to the U.S. , we clearly articulated that those who traveled to the U.S. illegally after January 12 may be arrested , detained , and placed in removal proceedings , " said Immigration and Customs Enforcement spokesperson Brian P. Hale .	32 Haitians who entered U.S. without visas after January 12 earthquake still held Haitians were uushered onto military planes in confusion after quake , lawyer says But immigration officials say some were trying to get to U.S. illegally
LONDON , England -- Two kisses on the cheek or three ? The age-old dilemma may become moot as worries of infectious disease hang in the air . A couple kisses at a swine flu virus prevention and detection medical mobile unit in Mexico City . Common forms of greeting , such as handshakes and kisses on the cheek , are coming under scrutiny as the H1N1 virus , commonly known as swine flu , steadily spreads around the world . In Mexico , which has had the largest outbreak of the virus , the Ministry of Health is advising people to avoid shaking hands and kissing people as a greeting . Some couples are donning surgical masks when they kiss to avoid contagion . Dr. Sanjay Gupta , CNN 's chief medical correspondent who has been covering the epidemic from Mexico , is advocating the "  el-bump , " or bumping of elbows , as a greeting . "  It 's not as cool as the fist bump , but safer , " he wrote on micro-blog site Twitter . Follow Dr. Gupta 's ` tweets ' Dr. Richard Dawood , medical director of the Fleet Street Travel Clinic in London , refers to the shift in etiquette as "  social distancing . " "  People do n't want to get too close . There is going to be a move towards less handshaking , less greeting people with a kiss . There may well end up being fewer meetings , " he told CNN . The World Health Organization is advising people to practice preventive measures like avoiding close contact with people who appear unwell and those who are coughing and have a fever . The global health agency is also directing people who live in areas where flu cases have surfaced to follow additional precautions set out by their national and local health authorities . Even countries where the virus has n't been confirmed are taking precautionary measures . At a news conference earlier this week , Lebanon 's health minister recommended that people stop using the conventional greeting of three kisses to the cheek . See where cases have been confirmed " "  We 're heading toward a world where everyone is going to be suddenly much more conscious of those who are coughing and sneezing , " Dawood said . People will have to be much more conscious of hygiene and stay out of close proximity with others when they are n't feeling well , he said . Are you changing your etiquette because of the swine flu epidemic ? Tell us in the SoundOff below The H1N1 virus is a hybrid of swine , avian and human flu strains . It is a respiratory disease that is contagious , and believed to be spread through coughing , sneezing and close contact . Learn more about the virus " Since the outbreak surfaced in Mexico , it has spread to at least 11 countries . The number of confirmed cases has reached 331 , with the hardest hit areas in the western hemisphere , the WHO said Friday . People tend to be scared of what they do n't understand , especially when it comes to disease , Dawood said . Watch Dr. Gupta report on a new scientific discovery about the virus " He worries about how people will react as tensions rise . People historically have resorted to socially ostracizing those who have suffered from diseases like typhoid and leprosy , he noted . The flu outbreak will pose another test . "  Hopefully we do n't see that again . We will have to control our urges in our relations to other people , " Dawood said .	Move towards ` social distancing ' as people worry about swine flu epidemic Mexico 's Health Ministry directing people to avoid handshakes and kissing WHO advises avoiding close contact with people who appear unwell Follow CNN 's Dr. Sanjay Gupta on Twitter
The federal shutdown is about to hit those who keep an eye on the nation 's 100 commercial nuclear power plants . The Nuclear Regulatory Commission said Monday it expects to furlough some 3,600 employees at the close of business on Thursday if Republicans and Democrats in Congress still have not resolved their impasse over federal spending . The 300 essential personnel who would stay on include about 150 so-called "  resident inspectors . " They serve as the NRC 's eyes and ears at nuclear plants . They also include employees who support emergency response , investigators , a skeleton management team , the five NRC commissioners and a few commission staff members , the NRC said . The retained group would also include employees who support emergency response , investigators , a skeleton management team , the five NRC commissioners and a few commission staff members , the NRC said . There are 100 commercial nuclear reactors at 63 sites nationwide . "  We are going to make sure that we continue our oversight of the plants because the resident inspectors will be on duty , and we are prepared to respond to an emergency on short notice , " NRC spokesman Eliot Brenner said when asked how furloughs might impact safety . In a blog post , Mark Satorius , the agency 's executive director for operations , said it has generally operated normally using "  carryover " funds , but that it can not continue beyond midweek without new funding from Congress . In the event of a nuclear-related emergency , he said , additional NRC employees can be recalled . "  We sincerely regret these actions are necessary and are eager to resume our important mission as soon as possible , " he said . Nuclear industry watchdogs said the furloughs were cause for concern . "  Yes , I am worried , " said Ed Lyman , senior scientist with the Union of Concerned Scientists . "  It 's not good for anyone and it 's certainly not good for the agency that needs to safeguard our nuclear power plants against accidents and terrorism , and it 's certainly not good for the American people . If there 's an emergency of course , they 'll call back more people . But it 's just counterproductive to go through the motions of furloughing a lot of people . " Lyman said furloughs will stall changes the NRC is making in response to the Fukushima disaster in Japan . "  But the most acute issue is assuring that the operating reactors " are safe . "  I 'm not expecting overnight that it 's going to be a collapse of safety , " he said . "  You can only hope for the best that a situation does n't occur during this time . "	The Nuclear Regulatory Commission expects to furlough about 3,900 people this week No resolution in sight to congressional impasse over funding that triggered shutdown Inspectors would remain at nuclear plants , but other workers would not be on the job
H. W. Brands is the author of "  TR : The Last Romantic " and the just-released "  Traitor to His Class : The Privileged Life and Radical Presidency of Franklin Delano Roosevelt . " He teaches history at the University of Texas at Austin . Historian H.W. Brands says power as well as race was behind controversy over Booker T. Washington . AUSTIN , Texas  CNN  -- In his concession speech on Tuesday night , John McCain illustrated the historic significance of Barack Obama 's election by noting that a little over a century ago the inclusion of another black man , Booker T. Washington , at a White House dinner provoked outrage in large parts of the country . McCain was n't giving a history lecture , and he quickly moved on , but the tale is worth exploring , as it is both more complex and more instructive than McCain 's brief remarks suggested . Washington was the one who initiated the acquaintance that led to his 1901 dinner with Theodore Roosevelt . Washington had built the Tuskegee Institute of Alabama into a political base that made him the most powerful black leader in the country . Invited to address the Cotton States Exposition in Atlanta , Georgia , in 1895 , Washington offered white America a racial bargain : Blacks would cease agitating for immediate political and civil rights if whites would fund black educational and economic advancement . This "  Atlanta Compromise " outraged black intellectuals like W. E. B. Du Bois , but it appealed to white leaders in the South and white philanthropists in the North -- and it marked Washington , the broker of Northern largesse and Southern cooperation , as one of the shrewdest politicians in the South . Washington spotted Roosevelt on the rise , and after Roosevelt became vice president , Washington invited him to Tuskegee , where he knew Roosevelt , the apostle of the strenuous life , would be entranced by the rigorous physical regimen the students pursued . Roosevelt was preparing to visit Tuskegee when the assassination of William McKinley elevated him to the presidency and threw his plans into turmoil . Roosevelt instead invited Washington to call at the White House whenever he was in town . Washington did n't have to be asked twice . Within weeks , he was in the capital and was invited to join the president for dinner on October 16 . Roosevelt 's ascension to the presidency made him that much more interesting to Washington . Yet no more interesting than Washington was to Roosevelt . The peculiar politics of the Republican Party gave Washington an importance among Republicans that belied the abnegations of the Atlanta Compromise . Discriminatory Jim Crow laws kept most blacks from voting in the South , but they did n't prevent the Southern states from sending delegations to the Republican national conventions every four years . These delegations could tip the balance in a tight contest , and Roosevelt -- who though president was profoundly unpopular among the Republican bosses -- expected the 1904 convention to be a tight contest . Roosevelt 's invitation to Washington to dine at the White House had little to do with Washington 's race per se , but everything to do with Washington 's role as a political boss of Southern Republicans who happened to be black . Likewise , the outrage expressed by Southern editors and spokesmen over Roosevelt 's alleged affront to the South , while couched in the language of race , was really about political power . "  White men of the South , how do you like it ? " fulminated the New Orleans Times-Democrat . "  White women of the South , how do you like it ? " The Richmond Times frothed over the implications of the honor Roosevelt had bestowed on Washington : "  It means that the president is willing that Negroes shall mingle freely with whites in the social circle -- that white women may receive attentions from negro men ; it means that there is no racial reason in his opinion why whites and blacks may not marry and intermarry , why the Anglo-Saxon may not mix negro blood with his blood . " The vehemence of the Southern response gave the game away . Booker Washington had explicitly forsworn any claim to social equality , let alone the right for blacks to marry whites . What the Southern foamers , political conservatives to a man , feared was that Washington might help the dangerously progressive Roosevelt get elected in his own right . When he did precisely that -- Roosevelt fended off the conservatives at the 1904 convention and was returned to office overwhelmingly -- they foamed the more . The race question in America has often been about race , but it has equally often been about power . Not for 40 years , since the dismantling of the Jim Crow system , has the race of guests at the White House prompted anything other than idle curiosity . But until last Tuesday those African-Americans among the guests were precisely that : guests -- visitors who lacked the power that occupancy of the White House entails . Symbolism is n't unimportant , and the symbolism of a black man taking the oath of the president 's office in January will certainly bring an outpouring of sentiment like that which greeted Obama 's election . But behind the symbolism of race is the reality of power . Obama will wield power of an order Booker Washington appreciated in Roosevelt but never possessed for himself . A week or a month after the symbolism fades , the reality will remain . At that point , Obama 's race wo n't matter nearly as much as his facility with power . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of H.W. Brands .	H.W. Brands : Roosevelt-Washington White House dinner was controversial He says the the opposition was about power as well as about race African-Americans have often been guests at the White House Brands : When Obama moves in , it will represent a leap in terms of power
CNN  Mirjana Puhar , a recent contestant on "  America 's Next Top Model , " was found dead in a triple homicide Tuesday in Charlotte , North Carolina , according to police reports . The Charlotte-Mecklenburg Police Department responded to a call Tuesday evening that three people appeared to be dead in a Charlotte home . Officers discovered the bodies of Puhar , 19 , Jonathan Cosme Alvarado , 23 , and Jusmar Isiah Gonzaga-Garcia , 21 . Puhar appeared on "  America 's Next Top Model " Cycle 21 , the most recent season of the popular reality TV show hosted by supermodel Tyra Banks . Emmanuel Jesus Rangel , 19 , was quickly identified as a suspect in the slayings , brought into police custody and charged with three counts of first-degree homicide . He is in the custody of the Mecklenburg County Sheriff 's Office . Police said in a press release that it appears the victims and Rangel knew one another and the "  incident was drug related . " Rangel was also charged in connection with a homicide that took place in Matthews , North Carolina , on Sunday , police said . Puhar was a Serbian refugee who arrived in the United States along with her family at the age of 5 , according to a profile in The Charlotte Observer . The 5 ' 9 1/2 " beauty began modeling at 12 . She attended high school in the Charlotte area and dropped out at 16 to her parents ' dismay , she told The Observer : "  I was a wild child , " she said . "  I went out , had fun , partied , whatever -- I did n't really have the best influences around me . " She later earned her GED just before being cast in "  America 's Next Top Model . " Puhar was eliminated in the 10th episode of the show last year . After news of her death surfaced , Banks as well as fans and friends took to social media to remember her and express their sadness .	Former "  America 's Next Top Model " contestant Mirjana Puhar was found dead Tuesday Her body was found along with two others in a Charlotte , North Carolina , home A suspect has been arrested and charged with three counts of first-degree homicide
CNN Student News  -- September 16 , 2013 As the U.S. and Russia announce a deal regarding Syria 's chemical weapons , CNN Student News examines the details of the agreement and shares some critics ' reaction . We also report on severe flooding in Colorado and a fire along a boardwalk in New Jersey . Plus , we track a voyage from NASA 's launch pad to the edge of the solar system , and we mark the beginning of Hispanic Heritage Month . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , Maps pertaining to today 's show , and a place for you to leave feedback . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . DAILY CURRICULUM Click here for a printable version of the Daily Curriculum  PDF  . Media Literacy Question of the Day : Should the news media have a role in monitoring the promises of governments ? If so , how could the media do this without appearing biased ? Key Concepts : Identify or explain these subjects you heard about in today 's show : 1 . inaccessible area 2 . boardwalk 3 . solar system Fast Facts : How well were you listening to today 's program ? 1 . Chris Christie is the governor of what state ? 2 . When does Hispanic Heritage Month begin and end ? 3 . What is the name of the spacecraft that scientists say has reached the edge of the solar system ? Discussion Questions : 1 . What is your opinion of a diplomatic plan to rid Syria of chemical weapons ? If you could interview any of the major officials involved in this deal , what questions would you ask them ? What do you think could be done to monitor the progress of this deal ? 2 . Why might heritage be important to someone ? Do you find your own heritage important ? Why or why not ? Do you and your family hold traditions that reflect your heritage ? Explain . 3 . If you could send a message or object into space that reflects your life , what would it be ? What would it say about you ? CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists and educators who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show and curriculum . We hope you use our free daily materials along with the program , and we welcome your feedback on them . MAPS Download PDF maps related to today 's show : Asia Syria North America Colorado ; New Jersey FEEDBACK We 're looking for your feedback about CNN Student News . Please use this page to leave us comments about today 's program , including what you think about our stories and our resources . Also , feel free to tell us how you use them in your classroom . The educators on our staff will monitor this page and may respond to your comments as well . Thank you for using CNN Student News ! Click here to submit your Roll Call request .	This page includes the show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , and Maps Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary The Daily Curriculum offers the Media Literacy Question of the Day , Key Concepts , Fast Facts and Discussion Questions At the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculum
CNN  -- Federal terrorism charges against Boston Marathon bombings suspect Dzhokar Tsarnaev could be filed soon , even as he remains hospitalized , a Justice Department official told CNN on Saturday . The 19-year-old could also face murder charges at the state level . At the Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center , where Tsarnaev was in serious condition while being held in federal custody , federal prosecutors were formulating the charges . The development came amid questions as to what 's next for the suspect in the Boston Marathon bombings . President Barack Obama said he 's keenly interested in answers . "  There are still many unanswered questions , " Obama said Friday night . "  Why did these young men who grew up and studied here as part of our communities and our country resort to such violence ? How did they plan and carry out these attacks ? And did they receive any help ? The families of those killed so senselessly deserve answers . " Tsarnaev and his older brother , Tamerlan Tsarnaev , are accused of setting off bombs at the marathon Monday , killing three people and wounding more than 170 . On Thursday night , they allegedly killed a Massachusetts Institute of Technology police officer before the older brother was killed during a shootout with police . Dzhokar Tsarnaev was captured Friday night after he was found hiding in a boat in a backyard in Watertown , Massachusetts . When will the suspect be in court ? Tsarnaev could be in a courtroom for an arraignment soon . Ordinarily at an arraignment , the suspect is provided a lawyer , and the defense and prosecution try to make a case for whether he should be released on bail . "  He will not get bail obviously , " said senior legal analyst Jeffrey Toobin . "  They will set a preliminary hearing that could happen in the next 30 days . He will be indicted with the grand jury . And that 's when the case will begin . " After the charges are filed , the Federal Public Defender Office in Boston will be appointed to represent Tsarnaev , according to Miriam Conrad , the federal public defender for the Massachusetts district . Should bomber suspect be questioned without a lawyer ? For now , the government is invoking the public safety exception , a designation that allows investigators to question Tsarnaev without reading him his Miranda rights , a Justice Department official told CNN on condition of anonymity . In ordinary cases , a suspect is told by police he has the right to remain silent and he has the right to a lawyer . But this is not an ordinary case , say U.S. Sens. John McCain and Lindsey Graham . They urged that Tsarnaev be held as an "  enemy combatant , " a designation that allows a suspect to be questioned without a lawyer and without being informed of his Miranda rights . "  Now that the suspect is in custody , the last thing we should want is for him to remain silent . It is absolutely vital the suspect be questioned for intelligence gathering purposes , " the senators said . "  Under the law of war we can hold this suspect as a potential enemy combatant not entitled to Miranda warnings or the appointment of counsel . " But Sen. Carl Levin , D-Michigan , chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee , said Saturday that the suspect should not be held as an enemy combatant . "  I am not aware of any evidence so far that the Boston suspect is part of any organized group , let alone al Qaeda , the Taliban , or one of their affiliates -- the only organizations whose members are subject to detention under the Authorization for Use of Military Force , as it has been consistently interpreted by all three branches of our government , " he said . "  In the absence of such evidence I know of no legal basis for his detention as an enemy combatant . To hold the suspect as an enemy combatant under these circumstances would be contrary to our laws and may even jeopardize our efforts to prosecute him for his crimes . " Alan Dershowitz , a prominent defense attorney and Harvard law professor , scoffed at the Republican senators ' statement . "  Impossible . There 's no way an American citizen committing a domestic crime in the city of Boston could be tried as an enemy combatant , " he told CNN 's Piers Morgan . "  It could never happen . And that shows absolute ignorance of the law . " Dershowitz also said statements made by police in Boston seems to contradict the government 's reasons for invoking the public safety exception . "  The police have said there 's no public safety issue ; it 's solved , it 's over , " Dershowitz said . "  There are no further threats . But the FBI is saying there 's enough further threats to justify an exception . " Former New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani said the federal government may have known about international threats about which state officials were not aware . "  You would have to know the internals of what they have before you can assess whether there is a sensible invocation or not , " Giuliani said . If the government had prior knowledge of Tsarnaev 's activities , it has n't disclosed it . It did say that Tamerlan Tsarnaev had been on the FBI 's radar in the past . FBI agents interviewed Tamerlan two years ago and also looked at his travel history , checked databases for derogatory information and searched for Web postings . The agency found no connection with terror groups , an FBI official told CNN . Two key Republicans on the House Homeland Security Committee -- Rep. Mike McCaul of Texas , the panel 's chairman ; and Rep. Peter King of New York -- will press the Obama administration for details about the FBI 's questioning of Tamerlan Tsarnaev , according to a GOP congressional source . Tamerlan Tsarnaev , who was not a U.S. citizen , traveled to Sheremetyevo , Russia , in January 2012 , according to travel records provided by a U.S. official . He returned six months later . Federal or state trial ? Dershowitz said there are many arguments that can be made to try the case in state court . It may be hard for a prosecutor to prove which crimes were committed by Tsarnaev or his older brother , Dershowitz said . "  If he says my intent was to please my brother , they could raise the question of federal jurisdiction , " Dershowitz said . This fight over federal or state jurisdiction could mean life or death . Massachusetts does not have the death penalty . There 's another big question : The National Defense Authorization Act of 2012 requires temporary military custody of certain terrorist suspects , but Dzhokar Tsarnaev is a U.S. citizen , and the act does n't apply to Americans . What is the reaction in the suspects ' homeland ? Tsarnaev 's family lives in the Russian republic of Dagestan , which is next to the suspects ' homeland of Chechnya , located in the North Caucasus region of southern Russia . Russia 's investigative committee in Dagestan said it will not engage with the Tsarnaev family unless there is "  an order from above " to do so , spokesman Rasul Temerbekov told Russian state news agency RIA Novosti on Saturday . A spokesman for Russian President Vladimir Putin said Saturday that Russia wants to get official information from the United States about the bombing suspects , and he wants there to be contact between investigators in both countries . CNN 's Lorenzo Ferrigno and Dana Bash contributed to this report .	NEW : Federal Public Defender Office in Boston to represent Dzhokar Tsarnaev after charges are filed Russian President Vladimir Putin wants details from U.S. on bombing suspects If physically able , suspect could be in court this weekend , expert says Two U.S. senators say Dzhokar Tsarnaev should be questioned without a lawyer
CNN  -- Marc Marquez raced to his third straight pole position of the 2014 MotoGP World Championship at the Termas de Rio Honda circuit in Argentina on Saturday . The Repsol Honda rider produced a lap of one minute , 37.683 s , trumping Yamaha 's two-time MotoGP champion , Jorge Lorenzo , by 0.742 seconds . Marquez will now look to maintain his 100 % record in the full race on Sunday after winning the first two meets of the season in Doha and Austin . "  Today I really felt good on the bike and I am happy to have taken pole position , " a smiling Marquez told the MotoGP website . "  In the morning and in FP4 , we worked a lot with the used tire and this afternoon we obviously focused on qualifying . I put in a very good lap and I am happy , " he added . The Spaniard , who was also the quickest in all of the practice sessions , was the only rider to break the 1.37 s barrier all day . Lorenzo improved significantly in the final stages of qualifying but his best lap of one minute , 38.651 seconds was only enough to qualify in second place . Marquez 's Honda teammate , Dani Pedrosa , finished 0.226 seconds back on Lorezo to pick up the final place on the front row . The second row will contain Pol Espargaro of Yamaha , Ducati 's Andrea Dovizioso and nine-time champion Valentino Rossi , also of Yamaha . The race at the Termas circuit is the first MotoGP event to be held in Argentina in 15 years . See also : Motorcycling invades new frontier	Marc Marquez claims pole at Termas de Rio Honda Circuit , Argentina Spaniard qualifies 0.742 seconds ahead of second-fastest Jorge Lorenzo Marquez 's Honda teammate , Dani Pedrosa , finishes day third
CNN  -- As a former Royal Navy officer , keen angler and the UK 's heir apparent , it makes sense that Prince Charles would be inclined to worry about the future of fish and chips . Britons have been eating the iconic national dish since the mid-19th century , but with around 30 % of the world 's fish stocks thought to be over-exploited , the Prince of Wales has concerns . "  When I was at school here in Scotland , I remember one occasion buying fish and chips from a shop in Inverness , " he told an audience of scientists and fisheries executives at the sixth World Fisheries Congress . "  It never occurred to me then that I was eating food that had such a reliance on how we treat a wild natural resource . But , of course , how we harvest the fish has a direct impact on how many are left to catch next time . " Study : Organic yields 25 % lower than conventional farming In 2010 , Prince Charles launched the International Sustainability Unit  ISU  , a charity focused on monitoring and facilitating consensus on environmental management issues . Drawing on the ISU 's latest research , the Prince noted that sustainable fisheries tend to have three things in common : "  a strong economic rationale " for their efforts , "  a robust management structure " under which rules are enforced , and a holistic approach that takes into account "  the whole ecosystem , rather than individual stocks in isolation . " "  I am particularly encouraged to hear that the cod stocks in the North Sea have shown signs of recovery from what was , only a decade ago , a much depleted fishery , " he said . "  By reducing the effort at sea and other management techniques , the stock , I am told , has doubled over the past six years . " Watch : Keeping fish on the menu Prince Charles also met with members of the National Federation of Fish Friers  NFFF  , winners of this year 's Young Fish Frier of the Year competition , and fisheries executives gathered aboard a Scottish marine research vessel moored in Edinburgh 's harbor to fry some sustainably sourced Scottish haddock , and discuss how to safeguard the future of a beloved national dish . Britons eat fish and chips twice as much as any other takeaway meal , with 382 million meals consumed a year , according to Denise Dodd , General Secretary of the NFFF . Collectively , Britain 's 10,500 fish and chip shops use 10 % of the UK 's potato crop and buys 30 % of its white fish , generating a turnover of $ 1.9 billion . "  Many businesses are family owned independents , some second and third generation or more , and are the focal point of many communities , " Dodd says . "  Fish and chips have been firmly on the menu for 150 years and we 'd like it to continue for at least another 150 years " Beauty trumps beast in conservation efforts Although , Dodd says 90 % of Britain 's fish and chip shops "  use frozen at sea fillets caught by large modern trawlers in well-managed waters . " With input from Young Fish Friers , and from sustainability award-winning fish and chip shop owners , the NFFF , which turns 100 next year , intends to draw up a Responsible Sourcing Code to ensure that fish and chip shops are selling fish from sustainable fisheries . It will also work with the Marine Stewardship Council , which certifies sustainable seafood , to make it easier for fish and chip shops to gain Chain of Custody certification , so consumers can eat "  conscience free " cod . Britons concerned about the provenance of the fish they 're eating can consult the Marine Conservation Society 's newly revised Good Fish Guide , which confirms that Scottish North Sea haddock , farmed organically or caught from sustainable or certified fisheries , is amongst the best choice they can make .	The Prince of Wales is concerned about sustaining stocks of fish , used in Britain 's favorite meal . Britons eat fish and chips twice as much as any other takeaway dish . Industry reps plan to introduce a code to ensure fish is responsibly sourced .
CNN  -- Actor Edward Norton already wanted to be in better shape for his 40th birthday than he was on his 30th when the idea hit -- why not join members of an African tribe famous for its runners and run the New York marathon ? "  Incredible Hulk " star Edward Norton , second from left , has trained for a marathon with Maasai tribesmen in Kenya Before he knew it , the star of "  The Incredible Hulk " and "  Fight Club " had signed on to the effort , despite never having run a marathon before . "  The idea picked up traction pretty quickly , " said Norton , who turned 39 in August . "  Then , I was like , ` Wait a minute . What have I just done ? ' " The run is a benefit for the Maasai Wilderness Conservation Trust , an organization working to promote sustainable development while protecting the east African grasslands that the Maasai tribe calls home . Both the traditional tribe 's way of life and its environment have been threatened by rapid industrial development . Norton discovered , and became a supporter of , the trust about 10 years ago during his first visit to Kenya , where he met founder Luca Belpietro . "  I was impressed at the way he was really genuinely working with the community to create value out of being good stewards of the land , " Norton said . Belpietro will be one of nearly 30 runners joining Norton on the Nov. 1 marathon . Also running will be magician David Blaine and three Maasai tribesmen . The Maasai are at the heart of Kenya 's long tradition of distance running . Norton said one of the runners , safari guide Parashi Ntanin , is so fast he could probably leave the rest of the group behind and run the race in less than 2 1/2 hours . Norton said he 's run as much as 15 miles twice during his training for the 26.2-mile marathon and that despite some leg and knee pains , he 's confident he 'll finish the endurance race . "  I 'm really enjoying it , " he said after a workout Wednesday in New York . "  I 'm enjoying having a goal . " A competitive rower at Yale , Norton said he 's experienced the so-called "  runner 's high " during his training , which fans can follow on his Twitter account , @EdwardNorton . "  Running in the park , I got a taste of what people say about the New York marathon . There were people of every shape and size out there , " he said . "  I really got a lift out of it . " Norton 's latest film , the independently produced "  Leaves of Grass , " is set to premiere this week at the Toronto International Film Festival and his company 's "  By The People : The Election Of Barack Obama , " a documentary about President Obama 's historic campaign for the White House , debuts on HBO on November 3 .	Actor on marathon decision : ` What have I just done ? ' Norton 's New York run will benefit Maasai Wilderness Conservation Trust Training runs have hit 15 miles for Nov. 1 race Maasai tribesmen , magician David Blaine also part of running group
CNN  -- "  At this time , we need a leader . " "  I would try to stop the war in Iraq because I think they should have a talk with them , not a big war . " Trevor Dougherty is too young to vote , but is doing everything he can to make sure others do . "  I 'd probably go for the drilling in Alaska . Nuclear power , I 'd keep that in mind . " These Americans sounding off on the issues and the 2008 presidential election have a lot to say , but they wo n't be saying it at the ballot box -- they 're all too young to vote . In fact , most wo n't be voting for quite a few years . But that does n't mean that they have no interest in the race for the White House between Sens. Barack Obama and John McCain . As evidenced in videos posted at iReport.com , they care a great deal . Several of these videos were put together by school classes , like Matt MacFarlane 's 7th and 8th graders at Templeton Middle School in Templeton , California , who made a short video on the importance of voting . The students called for a "  person with integrity who knows right from wrong " , "  a person of vision who not only knows what is but also what can be , " "  a person with a moral compass to help -LSB- set -RSB- a course for our nation , " and "  a person who has the ability to unite and inspire us as we face challenging times . " MacFarlane 's students urged voters to consider their decisions carefully on November 4 . "  What 's at stake in this election ? " asked one student . "  Everything . We 're counting on you . " iReport.com : Watch the full video from Mr. MacFarlane 's class Some children took to portraying the candidates , complete with clothes and wigs , like the students of Cabot Middle School in Cabot , Arkansas . All of the presidential and vice presidential "  candidates " gave speeches , with Secret Service , prospective first ladies and family members in tow . Most members of Gov. Sarah Palin 's family were present , including a baby doll portraying Trig . This video was just a part of their learning experience about presidential elections . Library media specialist Jill Weir , who submitted the video to iReport.com , said that the students also participated in mock-campaigning , voter registrations , precincts and exit polling . iReport.com : The ` candidates ' speak A church youth group in Winter Haven , Florida , took a more humorous approach , putting together campaign ads from "  John McHinkle " and "  Barack Yo Mama , " featuring cameos from "  Sarah Mailin ' " and "  Joe Hidin ' " . It was still a learning experience , though , said Pastor James Blewett , who posted two videos to iReport.com in which the pretend candidates teach lessons about dating and parental conflicts . iReport.com : Watch the campaign ad spoofs Some iReporters decided to ask children directly what they thought about the election . "  I have a 6-year-old and he watches the debates with me , " Vijay Sureshkumar of Seattle , Washington , said . "  He 's interested in what 's going on and that 's what triggered me . Why do n't I go around the neighborhood and ask the kids ? " The responses he got were both funny and thought-provoking . Some children saw the war as a major issue , one wanted more funding for education , and another said he was in favor of drilling for oil in Alaska . Some children seemed to be in favor of Obama , some for McCain , at least one liked both , and two of them started yelling at each other over which candidate was better . When asked about the candidates ' families , one boy could easily name Obama 's wife and daughters ' names . When asked about McCain , he was a little fuzzier . "  He 's been around for a long time . Like he 's been around , -LSB- since -RSB- like 1966 . " iReport.com : Kids sound off on the election Tony Stampalia of Utica , New York , had a similar idea , asking students in an elementary school class whom they would vote for , based purely on the pictures of the candidates . Stampalia said that it was a tie between McCain and Obama , with one child for Ralph Nader . Obama "  voters " in the class voted for their candidate because "  he has a cool suit , " "  because he has the hair , " "  because he has a nice smile . " One Obama voter mistook him for President Bush , while another wore an Obama button but said she was supporting Sen. Hillary Clinton . McCain "  voters " in the class liked his blue shirt and tie , and thought he was "  cute . " One liked his "  white hair . " Another one found that McCain "  made people do good stuff , " but admitted that Obama did the same . All the children seemed to agree that "  your vote counts . " iReport.com : Children pick their favorite candidate Of course , this is not quite the first election in which children were asked about their choice for president . The Scholastic Election Poll has been doing that for at least 68 years . Poll takers said their poll has reflected the outcome of the actual election all but twice since 1940 . A quarter of a million students participated in the poll . This year , Obama won with 57 percent to McCain 's 39 percent . In many videos on iReport.com , children and teenagers speak out for their candidate of choice . In one case , a 4th grader named Liam Coakley of Long Beach , California went the extra mile by setting up a lemonade stand for Obama . iReport.com : Lemonade stand for Obama Trisha Prabhu , 8 , of Naperville , Illinois , was so excited about Obama 's candidacy that she told her mother Bhanu to make a video of her giving reasons to vote for him . iReport.com : Watch Prabhu 's video Trevor Dougherty of Ithaca , New York , said in a video : "  I 'm 16 years old and in this presidential election , I can not vote . That 's why I 'm begging you this November , if you can , to get out this November and vote . " Trevor has been following the election very closely , and first submitted an iReport while en route to the Democratic National Convention . As part of the "  Voter Vlog Tag " movement , Dougherty went out and registered voters in his hometown , then submitted the video evidence to iReport.com . "  Getting other people registered is a way to express myself and allow other people to be heard . iReport has helped me do all of this . " iReport.com : Watch Dougherty register people to vote Dougherty has iReported about many aspects of this campaign : the conventions , the debates and everything in between . He also rallied together a dozen members of the iReport community to speak about the importance of voting . iReport.com : Dougherty , iReporters urge others to vote Although these young people are n't able to vote , the decisions made by the next president could certainly affect them .	iReports show how interested young Americans are in the campaign iReports range from serious issues to silly spoofs Does your kid have something to say about the election ? Tell us at iReport.com
CNN  -- Seth Meyers had big shoes to fill on Monday night . Meyers took over the "  Late Night " chair from former "  Saturday Night Live " alum Jimmy Fallon , who arguably had a great run as that show 's host as he crafted now-pop culture favorites like "  Slow-jamming the News " and "  The History of Rap . " So how did Meyers do with his debut ? The reviews are in , and they range from "  meh " to middling . The Daily Beast , which thought Meyers got "  off to a rocky start on ` Late Night , ' " noted that the newcomer "  had a few missions to accomplish when we ran into him on Monday night . " From ` Saturday Night ' to ` Late Night ' "  He had to prove that Fallon 's reign is n't a fluke , that late night really can be a home for the affable and good-natured , " the Daily Beast 's Kevin Fallon wrote . "  And , most importantly , he had to show that the acute and observant brand of humor he displayed for 12 and a half years on ` Saturday Night Live , ' many of those years spent as head writer and host of ` Weekend Update , ' translates to the late-night talk show format . " Fallon  we are assuming no relation to Jimmy  said it was "  mission only sort of accomplished . " Jimmy Fallon 's debut on "  The Tonight Show " last week was as big as his personality . It featured a performance by the band U2 and plenty of laughs with guest Will Smith and some of Fallon 's famous friends , including Stephen Colbert and Tina Fey . Meyers also got a little help from his friend Amy Poehler , who was one of his first guests along with Vice President Joe Biden . Poehler , and Meyer 's former "  SNL " castmate , Fred Armisen was also part of the show as the leader of "  Late Night 's " band . Meyers even paid homage to Fallon in the form of a letter he wrote to his predecessor , and which he read during the opening of the show . So many nods to his "  SNL " past seemed to make sense to The Los Angeles Times , which observed that Meyers ' "  monologue was reminiscent in style and cadence to his ` Weekend Update ' segments , full of rapid-fire one-liners about the day 's headlines . " "  Though he lacked the giddy enthusiasm that marked Fallon 's first ` Tonight ' outing last week , Meyers frequently acknowledged the show as a work in progress , noting that a monologue joke about UPS had bombed with the studio audience and making fun of his low-budget graphics , " the L.A. Times ' Meredith Blake wrote . Entertainment Weekly 's Darren Franich gave the debut a grade of "  B. " "  I laughed at the premiere of ` Late Night with Seth Meyers ' less than I laughed at ` The Tonight Show starring Jimmy Fallon , ' " Franich wrote . "  But I laughed more at Seth Meyers than I did at Jimmy Fallon . " Music critic Ken Tucker was impressed , tweeting , "  Jeez , @sethmeyers @LateNightSeth makes eye contact , subtly refers to cards , responds to what guests say ... he 's , like , an actual TALK show host ! " Others , too , seem willing to give Meyers some time to find his footing . Michael Starr of the New York Post wrote that Meyers "  eventually found his sea legs and drove his new 12:35 p.m. show to a solid , if unspectacular , debut . ... He 's charming with a certain ` aw shucks ' demeanor that does n't seem forced or contrived , and he 'll have plenty of time to grow into his new role as a late-night host , " Starr said .	Seth Meyers took over from Jimmy Fallon on "  Late Night " Meyers got off to a slow start One writer says Meyers will get better
Chuck Hagel was doomed even before he walked into the Pentagon . The Vietnam veteran with deep relationships on Capitol Hill shocked Washington by appearing unprepared and inarticulate before his former colleagues during a Senate confirmation hearing to become defense secretary . He never really recovered and , nearly two years later , seemed increasingly out of step with an administration facing new national security challenges everywhere from the Middle East to Ukraine . Hagel announced his intent to resign on Monday . He was pushed out by President Barack Obama , sources told CNN , but will stay in the job until a successor is named . His departure reflects Hagel 's inability to adapt to rapidly changing developments around the world or master the politics of Washington . Hagel joined the administration at a time when Obama insisted that the nation was moving beyond a decade of war only to find himself grappling with the threat from ISIS , turmoil in Iraq and aggressive moves from Russia . In fact , there were signs that Hagel was becoming increasingly critical in private of Obama 's Syria strategy , which is constrained by the President 's insistence that U.S. ground troops must not be dragged into a vicious civil war . "  I have heard he has been a dead man walking for a while . He just did n't prove effective " said a former Pentagon official familiar with the personal dynamics of the Obama administration 's foreign policy team . Some Hagel defenders say he never really had a chance . "  He came into an almost impossible situation , " said Lawrence Korb , a former senior defense official now with the Center for American Progress . "  He had a confirmation hearing that really weakened him and he inherited a budget that was impacted by a sequester . " Several former officials said Hagel was undermined by an assumption that his Pentagon tenure would happen during a time of peace that would allow him to focus on streamlining the defense budget and ending combat in Afghanistan . "  What you saw instead were rolling problems with Syrian chemical weapons , the rise of ISIS , and troops returning to Iraq , " said another former administration official . Meanwhile , The New York Times reported over the weekend that Obama authorized a more expansive mission for the military in Afghanistan in 2015 . A third former senior administration official said that although Obama genuinely liked Hagel , with whom he toured Iraq and Afghanistan before becoming president , an impression took hold in the White House that the defense Secretary had not mastered his job . "  He was effective  at  dealing with management and budget issues , but not as a public face for policies and not as a forceful presence in internal policy debates , " the official said . Former Col. Peter Mansoor , a CNN defense analyst , said Hagel was "  a loyal team player whose skill sets as a senator never fully translated into being Secretary of Defense . He added : "  Both sides came to that conclusion . " Obama and Hagel put on a united front at a White House resignation announcement on Monday , with Obama pouring praise on his defense secretary , apparently to neuter speculation about a political split . A Pentagon spokesman insisted that Hagel was n't fired . "  Both men agree that this is the right course of action , " Rear Admiral John Kirby told Jake Tapper on CNN 's The Lead . "  And the Secretary said it clearly today , he not only supports it but he 's the one who initiated the conversation with the President . " But in Obama 's orbit , it was accepted a long time ago that the choice of Hagel -- based on his friendship with Obama , criticism of the Iraq war surge and his standing as a former GOP senator -- never clicked . Hagel also appears to have been the latest outsider who struggled to penetrate the national security clique around Obama , which , if anything , has further narrowed during the president 's second term . Those closest to the president have embraced a foreign policy philosophy nourished by a belief in ending foreign wars , not starting new ones . National security intimates include adviser Susan Rice , Chief of Staff Denis McDonough and deputy national security adviser Ben Rhodes . Last month , it emerged that Hagel wrote a blunt memo to Rice criticizing the administration 's approach to Syria as insufficient , warning , "  we need to have a sharper view of what to do about the Assad regime , " a senior defense official told CNN . He appeared to be tackling the paradoxes of U.S. strategy in Syria , where Washington is fighting to eliminate ISIS , a scenario which could benefit President Bashar Al-Assad , to whom the administration is implacably opposed . Hagel also found himself stuck in the middle of the tussle between the White House and top generals , not just on Syria , but over post war Iraq and Afghanistan , with top brass pushing for a more direct U.S. military role than the White House envisions . In Washington 's foreign policy community , there are also whispers that Obama forged a closer professional relationship with Gen. Martin Dempsey , chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , than Hagel . His experience contrasts with Secretary of State John Kerry , who is also not a member of the White House 's inner circle . But he commandeered initiatives on Russia , the Middle East and Iran . And though Kerry 's success has been limited , there are n't any suggests that he 's lost the confidence of aides within his department or in the administration . Hagel 's appointment was partly intended to build on close relationships he maintained on Capitol Hill after leaving the Senate in 2009 . But even those ties failed to help bolster Hagel . Arizona GOP Sen. John McCain repeatedly challenged Hagel in the tense confirmation hearing over whether he still believed his 2007 statement that the Iraq war surge was the "  most dangerous foreign policy blunder " since the Vietnam War . Before voting against his confirmation , McCain warned "  nothing in Senator Hagel 's background indicates that he would effectively manage the Department of Defense . " Opinion : Pushing out Hagel not shake-up Obama needs Ironically , now that he has quit , some of his prime antagonists have his back . McCain told News Talk 550 radio in Arizona Monday that Hagel was "  up to the job " but was in his office last week and was "  very frustrated . " He later suggested in a statement that Hagel 's departure was because of internal administration disagreements over ISIS strategy . "  I know Chuck was frustrated with aspects of the administration 's national security policy and decision making process , " said McCain . "  His predecessors have spoken about the excessive micro-management they faced from the White House and how that made it more difficult to do their jobs successfully . McCain added : "  Chuck 's situation was no different . " South Carolina Sen. Lindsey Graham , a Republican , said his confidence in Hagel had grown over the past year . "  To his credit , he was really willing to consider a more robust response  than the president  and he started saying that Syria had become a direct threat to the homeland , " he said . Hagel had also shown signs of being increasingly out of sync with White House messaging . This summer , he called ISIS an "  imminent threat to every interest we have . " But the White House insisted there was no sign that ISIS could harm the homeland and that the point of Obama 's decision to engage the radical Sunni group was to ensure that it would not pose a danger in the future . Hagel 's comments also contrasted with Obama 's aside to the New Yorker in January that current militant groups were like a junior varsity team compared to Al-Qaeda - a quote widely seen as referring to ISIS . His departure may be one of several signs that the White House has no intention of changing its approach to national security in Obama 's final two years in the White House . In a recent episode , deputy national security advisor Tony Blinken was nominated for the number two job in the State Department , over Wendy Sherman , who sources said Kerry wanted for the job . While there have been whispers around Hagel for months , the sudden nature of Monday 's announcement sparked surprise on Capitol Hill , where speculation is already turning to his replacement . Graham said two of the most talked about candidates -- Michèle Flournoy , the former Under Secretary of Defense for policy , and Democratic Senator Jack Reed , who served in the Army 's 82nd Airborne -- would both be "  excellent . " Reed took his name out of consideration on Monday . One former official suggested that Sen. Carl Levin , the retiring head of the Senate Armed Services Committee , would also be a safe pair of hands for Obama 's last two years in office . Meanwhile , there are questions about whether the management change at the Pentagon will reshape U.S. policy toward ISIS much as Donald Rumsfeld 's departure as defense secretary at a similar point during George W. Bush 's second term , opened the way for the Iraq surge . "  Is this new pick going to double down on an insufficient response and a flawed strategy ? " Graham said in a telephone interview , "  or will this new pick signal a willingness by Obama to accept a more robust response ? " "  It 's an opportunity surrounded by danger , " Graham said . Pushing out Hagel not shake-up Obama needs	Hagel never recovered from struggle at Senate confirmation hearing He went to Pentagon to cut budgets but instead faced new wars Sources question whether he ever mastered job
CNN  Amsterdam 's Rijksmuseum , one of the world 's best-known galleries , reopens April 13 after a massive 10-year rebuild . At the heart of the "  new " museum is its most treasured painting , "  The Night Watch , " a group portrait of one of Amsterdam 's local militias , painted by Rembrandt van Rijn in 1642 , at the height of the Dutch Golden Age . Read more : Rijksmuseum reopens after 10-year refurb Architect Pierre Cuypers designed the building around the massive masterpiece -- it measures 11 feet by 14 feet -- in 1885 , and it is the only work to be returned to its original location in the radically revamped gallery . "  Everything has changed , the only thing that has n't is ` The Night Watch ' , " explains Wim Pijbes , the museum 's director . "  It is the altarpiece of the Rijksmuseum , the whole place is arranged around this beautiful masterpiece . " Visitors will approach Rembrandt 's painting through the cathedral-like entrance hall , filled with jewel-toned stained glass and extravagant wall decorations , and the restored Gallery of Honor , home to the Rijksmuseum 's collection of 17th century works . Pieter Roelofs , curator of 17th century art , told CNN the arrangement "  shows off how important this painting is to the Dutch nation . It is the national treasure . " In keeping with the ethos of the new-look museum , "  The Night Watch " is surrounded by other militia portraits of the era , giving the piece context but also showing just how innovative Rembrandt 's work was . And there 's another hint as to just how well-loved the priceless painting is on the floor beneath it : The outline of a trap door . "  The Night Watch " is the only picture in the gallery to have its own "  escape slide , " designed in 1934 , to allow it to be swiftly moved out of danger in case of fire , or other threats . Click on the picture above to reveal the artwork 's secrets .	Amsterdam 's Rijksmuseum reopens after massive $ 489m , 10-year rebuilding program The ` altarpiece ' of the cathedral-like Gallery of Honor is Rembrandt 's ` The Night Watch ' Curator Pieter Roelofs says the painting is ` the Dutch national treasure '
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Key members of Congress from both parties want NASA 's internal watchdog fired , arguing he ca n't be trusted to oversee the $ 1 billion in additional money the space agency is getting under the Obama administration 's economic stimulus package . Lawmakers say NASA 's inspector general can not be trusted and must go . Government reports dating back to 2006 have accused NASA Inspector General Robert "  Moose " Cobb of ineffectiveness , of profanely berating employees and being too close to the agency 's leadership . Calls for his ouster have intensified in the past month , since NASA is getting additional stimulus money for space exploration , research , and aeronautics . "  Apparently , Mr. Cobb thought he was supposed to be the lap dog , rather than the watchdog , of NASA , " Rep. Bart Gordon , D-Tennessee , told CNN . Gordon , chairman of the House Committee on Science and Technology , has asked President Obama to remove Cobb . In a letter co-authored by Rep. Brad Miller , D-North Carolina , who leads the House Subcommittee on Investigations and Oversight , the lawmakers argue that "  NASA can not afford another four years with an ineffective inspector general . " Watch NASA watchdog under fire " "  It 's incredibly ironic for members of Congress who have scolded the inspector general for lousy oversight to dump a billion dollars into the agency , " said Pete Sepp , vice president of the National Taxpayers Union , a nonprofit , nonpartisan watchdog group that monitors government spending . "  The first thing you do when you 're digging a hole is to stop digging . Congress does n't seem to get that message . " Cobb declined two requests from CNN to respond to the complaints . In December 2008 , the Government Accountability Office released a report that criticized how Cobb was running the inspector general 's office . The GAO , the investigative arm of Congress , "  found that Mr. Cobb is one of the least productive IGs in the federal government , " Gordon and Miller wrote . "  His monetary accomplishments reflect a return of just 36 cents for every dollar budgeted for his office . This compares with an average of $ 9.49 returned for every dollar spent on other IGs ' offices . The main reason for this failure is that NASA 's audit operation is not working . " Gordon told CNN that Cobb 's "  own peers said he was n't doing his job , that he did n't understand the audit process and that he was not carrying out the investigation process . As a matter of fact , he was slowing it down , or even stopping it . " And Iowa Sen. Chuck Grassley , the ranking Republican on the Senate Finance Committee , agreed that Cobb must be replaced . "  Inspectors general are the first line of defense against the waste of taxpayers ' money , " Grassley told CNN . "  And , if he 's not doing his job , and you stick another billion dollars into it , then you just know there 's another billion dollars that there could be a lot of waste of it . " A 2006 investigation by a presidential integrity council found Cobb "  engaged in abuse of authority " and had a "  close relationship " with former NASA Administrator Sean O'Keefe that "  compromised " his independence . The two played golf together and took official trips together on NASA aircraft . Read investigative integrity report  Warning : Report contains explicit language The committee also found that Cobb "  engaged in an abuse of authority " through his "  habitual use of profanity , " and recommended disciplinary action "  up to and including removal , " Gordon and Miller wrote . Cobb defended himself at a 2007 congressional hearing , arguing that he had upheld his oath of office . "  At NASA , I have taken the responsibilities of office under the Inspector General Act seriously and without compromise to root out and prevent fraud , waste and abuse , and to promote the economy and efficiency of the agency , " he said . "  I 've worked with NASA management in the manner contemplated by the Inspector General Act . " But former staffers told the committee that Cobb created a disturbing work environment . "  One of my early experiences with Mr. Cobb was so disturbing that I considered leaving the OIG almost immediately afterwards , " said Debra Herzog , former deputy assistant inspector-general for investigations . "  At a scheduled weekly meeting , Mr. Cobb , in front of his deputy and my supervisor , berated me concerning a word in a letter . In an ensuing monologue , loudly peppered with profanities , Mr. Cobb insulted and ridiculed me , " Herzog recounted . Lance Carrington , the former assistant inspector general for investigations , told the panel that "  in many investigative cases , Mr. Cobb appeared to have a lack of independence when NASA officials were subjects , or if arrest/search warrants were obtained for NASA facilities . Mr. Cobb would question every aspect of the cases and gave the appearance he wanted to derail them before agents were given adequate time to investigate the allegations . " Gordon told CNN it 's time for Cobb to go . "  President Obama needs to replace Mr. Cobb as quickly as possible with someone who can do the job , " he said .	Lawmakers say NASA watchdog ca n't be trusted to oversee $ 1B in stimulus funds Government reports say NASA inspector general is too closely tied to the agency IG Robert Cobb "  thought he was supposed to be the lap dog , " congressman says Cobb declined two requests to speak with CNN for this report
Every explosion in Gaza seems personal to Said Durrah . The Washington-area resident has so many relatives in Gaza that he ca n't count them all : uncles , aunts , cousins , second cousins , and so on , in Zaytoon , Rimal and other Gaza communities . His mother is one of nine children , many of whom still live in the Palestinian territory . "  Every missile hits close to home , pardon the pun , " he said . "  It 's the worst reality television you 'd ever want to watch . " For example , when the past week 's violence between Israel and Hamas ' military wing in Gaza killed a family of 10 in Gaza , Durrah learned that he was distantly related to them . The family was an in-law of a cousin , he said . Will cease-fire last ? "  Gaza is very much the type of place where everybody is connected , " said Durrah , 30 . Wednesday 's cease-fire between Israel and Hamas has provided some comfort , until the smoke clears and the wreckage can be assessed in Gaza , Durrah said . "  A cease-fire may bring a little bit of relief , but when the cease-fire is done , they return to the status quo -- minus their homes , " Durrah said . "  They have to rebuild them without any means to do so , so it 's going to be tough . " How U.S. Jews view the conflict Arab-Americans , Muslims and the Palestinian diaspora are focusing renewed energy and concern on Gaza , a sliver of land along the Mediterranean coast that is about twice the size of Washington and is populated by 1.6 million people , including 1.1 Palestinian refugees . "  Palestine is a central issue for most Arab-Americans , " said Laila Mokhiber , spokeswoman for the American-Arab Anti-Discrimination Committee . "  Overall , Arab-Americans want to see an end to the siege on Gaza . Until that happens and until the Palestinians are able to exercise their basic human rights , we ca n't expect to see a lasting cease-fire or peace , " Mokhiber said . Analysis : Conflict shifts balance of power Many Arab-Americans say Gaza is under Israeli occupation . Durrah likened Gaza to "  a cage , " walled-in and cut off to the outside world by Israel . Israel imposed an economic blockade on Gaza shortly after Hamas was elected to run the Gaza government in 2006 . That blockade -- as well as Israel 's military might , backed by the United States -- has created humanitarian concerns in Gaza , according to the Arab-American group . The West Bank is also part of the historical conflict between Israel and Palestinians . "  The occupation of both the West Bank and Gaza and the blockade against Gaza -- as long as that is a reality , you 're going to see tensions between Palestinians and Israel , " Mokhiber said . "  You have civilians against the fourth strongest military in the world . They 're killing kids . They 're killing civilians . It 's not military against military . " Durrah owns an event management business that operates fund-raisers for Palestine . He 's also a comedian who does stand-up in Las Vegas and Manhattan . But the carnage between Hamas in Gaza and Israel is no laughing matter , and he does n't engage in the endless arguments so common in the Mideast about who started what in a centuries-long history , he said . Timeline of the conflict "  What do you say about a place that has been occupied for more than 50 years , " Durrah said . "  This is a situation where people were born in occupation and lived their entire lives in occupation and died in occupation . It 's crazy to me . "  If you cage an animal long enough , eventually when you get close to that cage , they 're going to hiss at you and they may even scratch , " Durrah said . Durrah 's family received a phone call Tuesday from relatives in Rimal , Gaza . "  They were literally telling my mother how glass shakes . They were just afraid . They do n't know what tomorrow brings or what the next hour brings , " Durrah said . Those perils are difficult for Durrah to imagine . It 's hard on him , too . "  It 's fear of going to sleep and getting a phone call or , worse , not getting any phone call and wondering -- having the feeling of whether no news is good news or not , " Durrah said . "  Our issues are so small in comparison to what they 're going to go through . We may not be able to sleep because of a cricket in the room , but they are trying to sleep through the soundtrack of blasts and missiles . " This month 's exchange of Hamas rockets and Israeli airstrikes has prompted pro-Palestinian and pro-Israel rallies throughout the United States . On Wednesday evening , the Congress of Arab American Organizations in Michigan , home to a large Arab diaspora , held a vigil in front of the Dearborn City Hall in support of the Palestinians , and more than 500 Palestinian-Americans , other Arab-Americans , Muslims and others attended the event , said Osama Siblani , publisher of The Arab American News , a weekly bilingual newspaper in Dearborn , Michigan , who also organized the event . Gaza has "  been under Israeli siege for many years which makes it a large virtual prison , " the group said in a statement . "  Just 43 kilometers  about 27 miles  long and 10 kilometers  about 6 miles  wide , most of its residents are Palestinian refugees who have lived in camps since 1948 . " The violence has prompted an outpouring of humanitarian aid to the people of Gaza , said Saleem Zaru , a Palestinian-American who is executive director of United Palestinian Appeal in Washington . In the past five days , the nongovernmental organization received between $ 40,000 and $ 50,000 in donations , which will help 550 families in Gaza who need food and shelter because of the conflict , Zaru said . Donors include Jewish-Americans and people in Asia , he said . "  Some of their houses have been bombed and it 's going to be a while before they can get back to them , " Zaru said of the Gaza families . "  We 're dealing with this on a day-by-day basis . "	More than 500 people attend vigil Wednesday evening in Dearborn , Michigan , for Palestinians Arab-Americans anguish over violence between Hamas in Gaza and Israel ` It 's the worst reality television you 'd ever want to watch , ' says Palestinian-American with relatives in Gaza Cease-fire brings relief , but many relatives in Gaza are now without homes
CNN  -- It 's no Super Bowl . Heck , it 's no Monday Night Football , but for an American audience , Monday 's Manchester derby -- that is , the English club soccer game between Manchester 's two Premier League teams -- is about as big as it gets stateside . Sure , many American sports fans call the sport boring and complain there 's not enough scoring . It moves too slowly , they say , and is marred by prima donnas who flop to the ground if you breathe on them . Haters aside , the United States is taking notice . ESPN moved the game from ESPN 2 to its flagship station , a first for a weekday Premiership game . Pubs across the nation are anticipating big crowds , and some Americans are doing something very British for match day : skipping out of work early . "  You 'll definitely want to see this . It 's as high a stakes game as you 'll see in any soccer league in the world , " said Sports Illustrated senior writer and soccer guru , Grant Wahl . Wahl likened the match between No. 1 Manchester United and No. 2 Manchester City to the New York Jets and New York Giants playing in the Super Bowl , or perhaps the Iron Bowl , which pits cross-state rivals Auburn and Alabama against each other at the end of the college football season . Ferguson experience key to Manchester derby He 's never seen a Manchester derby this important in the 15 years he 's been covering soccer , said Wahl , who authored the book , "  The Beckham Experiment : How the World 's Most Famous Athlete Tried to Conquer America . " ESPN announced this week it moved the game to take advantage of the live edition of "  SportsCenter " that will lead into the game , which begins at 3 p.m. ET . In an e-mail , spokesman Mac Nwulu said the paid programming on ESPN2 prior to the game typically draws about 221,000 viewers , where "  SportsCenter " will have an expected audience of 482,000 . The live lead-in is key to sports programming , he said . The network 's English Premier League offerings on ESPN2 this year are 50 % percent higher than last year 's games , so English soccer 's popularity is increasing in the U.S. , Nwulu said . "  Best matchup of the season , " Nwulu said of Monday 's game . "  So far , 20 teams have each played an average of 36 matches . And with two match-days to go , EPL has one game that is akin to a title game in a league series not decided by knockouts . " We 've come a long way British sports commentator Ian Darke , who will be calling the game for ESPN , predicts a "  turbo-charged occasion " and said he has noticed America 's growing interest in soccer since ABC hired him to call games for the U.S.-hosted World Cup in 1994 . "  Producers  back then  said to explain what offsides was and explain the laws of the game as we went along , " he recalled . "  Now , there 's been a complete change of emphasis . " Today , more Americans -- many of whom played the sport in school and youth leagues -- have a better grasp on the basics , and commentators cover games in a more "  authentic way , as if it were being broadcast for a European audience . " ESPN is n't the only one sensing the game taking off in the states . Hugh Folkerth , a bartender at Horse Brass Pub in Portland , Oregon , said that not so long ago Horse Brass was the premier place to watch English soccer in the city . As the game has become more popular , more bars carry the matches and more people get the games at home , so the number of patrons coming to watch soccer at Horse Brass has taken a hit . Of the derby Monday , Folkerth said he 's received calls from people asking if he 's showing it , and he expects a few more patrons than usual during the lunchtime rush . A CNN Facebook page asking if fans were planning to skip work or school Monday drew plenty of the aforementioned haters , but a handful of fans said they 'd be playing hooky . "  Will be skipping class at University and have already re-scheduled couple meetings already , " wrote Tejash Patel , a United fan . "  Work ? School ? Bills ? Life ? All of it stops when the Derby is in play ! " wrote fellow Red Devil Parker Smith . Added Oladeji Thompson , "  I 'm coming home very early from work . " Continue the conversation on Facebook here Fado Irish pubs in Austin , Texas , and Atlanta say they 're expecting plenty of people to forsake their professors and employers . Both are tripling their staff . Austin general manager John O'Brien is expecting about 200 people for the game , which airs there at 2 p.m. . In Atlanta , general manager Brian Russell said he is expecting a similar crowd . Though he 's bringing in the doorman who generally works only on weekends , he 's not anticipating any problems with the crowd , he said . "  We 'll just make sure the volume is loud , the TVs are on and we have enough staff to get everyone food and drinks , " Russell said . What 's the big deal anyway ? So , the uninitiated may be asking , why all the fuss over this particular game ? Well , there are many storylines . The first is that it 's a derby , so there 's the longstanding city rivalry in addition to the championship implications . United 's Old Trafford and City 's Etihad Stadium are separated by about five miles , so you can imagine how the game divides friends , family , coworkers and neighbors . Sara Tomkins , assistant chief executive for the Manchester City Council , called it "  one of the most anticipated derbies this city has seen for a decade " and said those not lucky enough to get tickets , which are commanding Â # 1,300  $ 2,115  online , will be filling up the city 's pubs or gathering around the TV at home . Police are n't expecting problems , according to a statement from Superintendent John O'Hare , but they 've asked local businesses to "  take extra safety measures such as using plastic glasses , employing more door staff and keeping an eye on the front of house . ... People will see extra patrols . This is not because we are expecting trouble ; it is to make sure people feel safe to come and watch the match . " ESPN 's Darke , who has been covering English derbies for almost 40 years , said he is expecting a rowdy and raucous atmosphere . "  Manchester 's going to be quite a lively place , no matter the outcome . I might bring a tin helmet like the soldiers wear , " he said with a chuckle . Another reason for the hullabaloo is that both teams are insanely wealthy . For United , the reigning English champs , this is nothing new . Founded in 1878 , the team boasts 19 English championships and three European crowns . City , on the other hand , has n't won the English title since 1968 and played unremarkably for the better part of four decades until Sheikh Mansour bin Zayed al-Nahyan of the Abu Dhabi royal family bought the team in 2008 . United has always been the "  glamour team " with the big players , where City have been the forgettable step-relatives , and "  City fans are wearily philosophical about it , " Darke said . "  City fans are sick to death of United ruling their roost , and here 's their chance , " he said . "  They will celebrate like there 's no tomorrow if they pull it off . " Both teams are now among the most loaded clubs in the world . The professional services firm , Deloitte , reported that with â ‚ ¬ 367 million  $ 487 million  , United was No. 3 in revenues last year , behind Spanish powerhouses Real Madrid and Barcelona . City came in at 11th with â ‚ ¬ 170 million  $ 225 million  . To give you an idea what these figures mean , Forbes reported that average revenue among NFL teams in 2010 was $ 261 million . City and United have used their fortunes to acquire some of the biggest soccer names in the world : Wayne Rooney , Sergio Aguero , David Silva and Rio Ferdinand among them . The five dozen players on the two teams represent stars from 23 countries . "  City  bought a lot of talent , " said Sports Illustrated 's Wahl . "  The question is whether they bought a great team . The questions are going to remain until they win a title . " Topsy-turvy Also stoking interest in the match is soap-opera-like drama surrounding it . Not only has the injection of Middle Eastern cash made City more competitive , but the Blues thrashed the American-owned United 6-1 during their first meeting , a result Wahl called "  the most shocking result we 've seen all year . " City stood atop the Premier League for months until March , when United seemed to find its form and took the lead . From there , it seemed a United repeat was inevitable , but in recent weeks , the tables have turned again . United has a win , loss and tie in its last three matches , while City has three wins . Each team 's coach has engaged in a bit of psychological banter ahead of the fixture . United 's Alex Ferguson has prohibited his team from making statements about the game , calling it the most important derby since he took over the club in 1986 . City 's Roberto Mancini cheekily fired back that the 6-1 drubbing earlier this year was more important . In a strange twist , he also said his team has no chance of winning the title and went so far as to congratulate United on its championship with three games remaining . Mancini simply knows his team performed better as underdogs this season than they did when they sat atop the table , Darke said . "  He knows how big this game is . Everything he 's been saying in the last few days , he 's trying to take pressure off his players , " he said . "  It 's the lousiest piece of psychological warfare ever . " United will have to go into Etihad , where City has n't lost all season , and snatch three points to ensure their second championship in as many years . City is three points behind United , but with a win , can take the Premiership lead . They 'll be tied with United in the points column but will take first place because they have scored one more goal than United and given up five fewer than the Reds this season . Though City is the favorite in the betting houses , no one seemed comfortable offering a prediction . Darke said his thoughts on the outcome were meaningless . "  Anything could happen . I 'd just urge people to watch it , " he said .	ESPN moves English club soccer game to flagship station for first time in history Manchester derby pits city rivals against each other for national championship Pubs bolster staffs , as Americans plan to skip school , work for Monday match ESPN announcer expecting lively crowd , "  might bring a tin helmet , " he jokes
CNN  -- With fish as witnesses , the president of Maldives and his Cabinet wore scuba gear and used hand signals Saturday at an underwater meeting to highlight the threat climate change poses to the archipelago nation . The Maldives declaration will be presented at a U.N. summit on climate change in December . The meeting , chaired by President Mohamed Nasheed , took place around a table about 16 feet  5 meters  underwater , according to the president 's Web site . Bubbles ascended from the face masks the president and the Cabinet wore , and fish swam around them . At the meeting , the Cabinet signed a declaration calling for global cuts in carbon emissions that will be presented before a U.N. climate summit in Copenhagen , Denmark , in December . "  We are trying to send our message to let the world know what is happening and what will happen to the Maldives if climate change is n't checked , " Nasheed said , according to his Web site . Asked what would happen if Copenhagen fails , the president said , "  we are all going to die , " according to the site . The ministers signed their wet suits , which are being auctioned , to raise money for coral reef protection in the Maldives , the Web site said . Maldives is grappling with the very likely possibility that it will go under water if the current pace of climate change keeps raising sea levels . The Maldives is an archipelago of almost 1,200 coral islands south-southwest of India . Most of it lies just 4.9 feet  1.5 meters  above sea level . The United Nations ' Intergovernmental Panel of Climate Change has forecast a rise in sea levels of at least 7.1 inches  18 cm  by the end of the century . The country 's capital , Male , is protected by sea walls . But creating a similar barrier around the rest of the country will be cost-prohibitive . Watch how the Maldives are fighting to survive " Soon after his election in November , Nasheed raised the possibility of finding a new homeland for the country 's 396,000 residents . The tourist nation wants to set aside part of its annual billion-dollar revenue into buying a new homeland , he said at the time . "  We will invest in land , " he said . "  We do not want to end up in refugee tents if the worst happens . " Nasheed 's government said it has broached the idea with several countries and found them to be "  receptive . " Lands owned by Sri Lanka and India were possibilities because the countries have similar cultures , cuisine and climate as the Maldives . Australia is also being considered because of the vast unoccupied land it owns . CNN 's Saeed Ahmed contributed to this report .	President , Cabinet don scuba gear to sign carbon emissions declaration "  We are all going to die , " leader says , if climate change is n't checked Most of archipelago lies less than 5 feet above sea level Experts expect water levels to rise more than 7 inches by end of century
The University of Connecticut players were hungry for another championship . Their impressive defense and their ability to hit clutch shots sated that appetite Monday night . The Huskies downed the freshmen-laden Kentucky Wildcats 60-54 to win the NCAA men 's basketball championship . Shabazz Napier scored a game-high 22 points to lead the Huskies while Ryan Boatright added 14 points . James Young tallied 20 points for the Wildcats . The difference came at the free-throw line where Connecticut was 10-for-10 and Kentucky was just 13-for-24 . "  We always did it together . It was won as a group , " UConn Coach Kevin Ollie said . The Huskies never trailed in the game as Napier , the Most Outstanding Player of the Final Four , hit key baskets any time the Wildcats got close . Kentucky drew to within one point on three occasions , the final time with 8:13 remaining in the game . But Napier , a senior who was on the 2011 UConn national championship team , drilled a three-pointer . "  Ladies and gentlemen , you are looking at the hungry Huskies , " Napier said . "  We worked so hard for it . " Fans celebrating the victory uprooted a light post in front of the engineering building on the UConn campus and smashed it through a window , campus police said . They also overturned chairs and tables in the student union , they said . Officers made 30 arrests , said college spokesman Tom Breen . Disappointment for Wildcats It was a disappointing end for the Wildcats , who began the season with a No. 1 ranking and fans dreaming of a highly regarded freshman class leading the team to a perfect record . They struggled through the regular season , but began to play extremely well in the NCAA tournament . "  We had our chances to win ... and we hung in there . These kids never gave up , " Kentucky Coach John Calipari said . "  We just did n't have enough . " The first half broke true to form for the typically slow-starting Wildcats and Kentucky trailed at intermission 35-31 . That was good news considering they were down by 15 -- Kentucky 's largest deficit of the tournament -- with just six minutes left in the half . But the Wildcats switched to a zone defense and UConn went three minutes between Napier baskets . The zone also kept the Wildcats out of foul trouble -- they committed just three in the first 20 minutes . The Wildcats closed the half on a 16-5 run that included three Wildcats three-pointers . Earlier , it was the tough defense of the Huskies that troubled the Wildcat guards . At one point the Wildcats , who had n't turned the ball over for the last 18 minutes of their semifinal win against Wisconsin , had as many turnovers  four  baskets against the frenetic Huskies . In the second half , the Huskies again opened up a nice margin -- nine points at 48-39 . But the Wildcats clawed back as Young made a highlight-reel dunk and free throw to start a short-lived comeback . Kentucky missed three of four free throws down the stretch and could n't hit any of its jump shots . First for the coach The Huskies won their fourth national title , all of them achieved since 1999 . It was the first championship for Ollie , who replaced longtime coach Jim Calhoun two years ago . Ollie became the second coach to win an NCAA championship in his initial tournament appearance . The two teams have combined to win seven titles in the past 19 seasons , but neither was even in the tournament a year ago . Kentucky had a group of freshmen that never meshed as a team and went to the National Invitation Tournament , and UConn was ineligible because it did n't meet NCAA graduation requirements . UConn will have a chance to match its unique accomplishment of both the men 's and women 's teams winning titles in the same year . The Huskies play the Notre Dame Fighting Irish in Tuesday night 's women 's title game . UConn last performed the feat in 2004 .	UConn wins its fourth title since 1999 and the first under Coach Kevin Ollie The Huskies made all their free throws while the Wildcats missed 11 Shabazz Napier was named the Most Outstanding Player in the Final Four He had 22 points in the final and made key baskets to deter potential Kentucky rallies
The European High Court ruled that a person has a "  right to be forgotten . " In response , some think that the sky is falling . I say the opposite . Mario Gonzalez , a Spanish citizen , was displeased that any Google search for his name turned up a 16-year-old report on a real estate auction connected with some old debts . Gonzalez believed that this was out-of-date and irrelevant information with respect to him today . The European High Court agreed and ruled that the EU 's right to privacy guarantees include a "  right to be forgotten . " The court ordered Google to remove links to archived newspaper pages that contained the old information after Gonzalez sued Google and the newspaper in 2010 . The European Court ruled that a European 's right to privacy includes the right to say , "  This is really old information , and it no longer reflects who I am . " The court held that someone 's right to privacy overrides Google 's economic interest and even the public 's right to old and irrelevant information . We should be jealous of our friends in Europe . As Europe protects individual rights , America persists in its belief that rights are for big corporations , people be damned . Until recently , humans had comfort in knowing that mistakes were rarely forever . But the Internet has brought us a "  mistakes are forever " society . Now , even a financial hiccup 16 years ago remained as prominent for Gonzalez , as if it happened yesterday . Now , a revenge porn picture will remain on a victim 's Google results forever , victimizing the subject every day . Even deserved criticism , like an old criminal record , will remain forever -- as if it happened yesterday . Time is no longer linear for us . Is this how we want to live ? Should we not have a right to be forgotten ? During the Cold War , we despised totalitarian regimes that kept a dossier on every citizen , holding compromising information in store for the day that it served to discredit him or her . I remember learning that the FBI kept files on dissidents in the '60s and '70s . I remember learning a few months ago , thanks to Edward Snowden , that the NSA is spying on us . Nobody thinks that is a good thing . Big Data 's reaction , like anything that reins in companies ' rights to abuse us , was a shriek of little substance . Google does n't like being told what to do , and critics raised an outcry about First Amendment rights . Google could have instituted a responsible policy like this on its own . But Google 's position is like that of a petulant child : "  You 're not the boss of me ! " And that is why we ca n't have nice things . Well , is n't there a little bad in this ruling ? Theoretically , yes . This could be abused to get rid of important truthful information . That is a bad thing , and I would find that intolerable if someone tried to abuse it to suppress legitimate criticism or information that the public has a right to know . But the ruling does not say that old information must be deleted . It does n't even say that Google has to comply with requests . It just says that if a European requests that information come down , Google must respect the request but can refuse if it has good cause . And that good cause is where free expression and freedom of information remains intact . One critic asked whether ex-Nazis could use this ruling to hide their participation in the Holocaust . The answer to that is a resounding no . The ruling ends with an admonishment . The "  right to be forgotten " does not apply if it appears for "  particular reasons " : if there is good cause to interfere with the citizen 's right to privacy , including "  the role played by the data subject in public life , " and if a majority of the evidence shows that the general public has a right to that information . Sorry , old Nazis , you ca n't use this to hide your involvement in the Holocaust . In fact , public figures and public events will never be erased . This ruling is for you , the average Jose who just wants to live an obscure and private life . If you lived in Europe , you would have regained that right today .	European court ruled that you have a "  right to be forgotten , " Google links taken down Marc Randazza : This means a person can say information "  no longer reflects who I am " Now , Google forever reveals old problems : debt , criminal record , "  revenge porn " photos Randazza : This right does n't apply if the general public has a right to that information
KABUL , Afghanistan  CNN  -- Thirteen people , described by the U.S. military as "  noncombatants , " were killed in western Afghanistan earlier this week during a coalition operation , the military said Saturday . An Afghan man grieves for his brother after an attack this week by U.S.-led coalition forces . "  We expressed our deepest condolences to the survivors of the noncombatants who were killed during this operation , " said Brig. Gen. Michael Ryan , U.S. Forces-Afghanistan . Three militants also died in Tuesday 's operation in the Gozara district of Herat province , the military said . The killings further inflame Afghans ' anger and frustration over the killing of civilians in U.S.-led coalition and NATO operations . Many civilians also die in the crossfire between coalition forces and Taliban militants . Watch the challenge coalition forces face " Afghan and coalition investigators and international observers this week were in Herat this week . Weapons and ammunition were found at the site of the operation and Afghan soldiers held shuras , or consultative bodies , with village leaders . Ryan discussed the attack with senior police and army officials and with the governor of Herat . "  Our inquiry in Herat demonstrates how seriously we take our responsibility in conducting operations against militant targets and the occurrence of noncombatant casualties , " Ryan said . "  Our concern is for the security of the Afghan people . To this end , we continually evaluate the operations we conduct during the course of our mission in Afghanistan and have agreed to coordinate our efforts jointly . " President Hamid Karzai raised the issue of civilian casualties during a meeting he had on Saturday with visiting U.S. House Speaker Nancy Pelosi . A "  recent consensus between the Afghan government and NATO , which gives more authority to the Afghan security forces during military operations , house searches and detention of suspected individuals , will help in reducing civilian casualties and bringing more effectiveness in the fight against terrorism , " Karzai said .	Military operation kills 13 civilians , three militants , U.S. says Coalition offers condolences , helps identify victims Weapons and ammunition found at site of attack Afghan president has expressed dismay , anger over civilian casualties
A Seattle-area couple is in custody for allegedly holding captive and torturing the man 's 13-year-old brother for three months -- including driving a nail through the boy 's hand and keeping him in a cellar for days without food , the prosecutor said Wednesday . Brandon Gunn , 27 , and his wife Viviana , 34 , are in the Kitsap County Jail outside Seattle on $ 500,000 bail each , charged with kidnapping , unlawful imprisonment and four counts of assault , county prosecutor Cami Lewis said . Brandon 's brother is from Atlanta and went in May to stay with his brother for the summer , Kitsap County Deputy Sheriff Scott Wilson said . "  We 've been crying for days , " the teen 's aunt , Marsha Thomas-Jones , told CNN Atlanta affiliate WSB . "  My sister is devastated . " The alleged torture began as early as May 1 and lasted until the teenager escaped from his brother 's cellar two weeks ago , according to the prosecutor 's complaint , filed Tuesday . Thomas-Jones said the family suspected something was wrong months ago when communication ceased , and it tried unsuccessfully to get law enforcement involved early , WSB reported . The attorney for Brandon Gunn , Michele Taylor , was given the case only Wednesday and has not received any discovery documents , said her paralegal , Samantha Badkin . She said they do n't expect to speak to their client until at least next Tuesday . A voicemail message for Viviana Gunn 's attorney , Jeniece Lacross , was not returned late Wednesday . According to the probable cause certificate filed Monday by the Kitsap County Sheriff 's Office , the boy was sent to the Gunns ' garage where he was duct-taped to a chair with tape over his eyes and mouth , then beaten in the head , torso and legs with a baseball bat and metal bars , losing consciousness at times . Another time , the couple put the boy 's hand in a bench vise , tightened it , and drove a nail through the his hand with a hammer , the certificate says . The boy said that time , he could see them doing it . The Gunns duct-taped his hands and hung him from a rafter in the garage , then beat him ; they also stapled his right palm with a construction stapler , heated a knife and cut him with it , according to the certificate . The couple forced the boy to stay naked in a portable dog kennel twice for two to three days at a time , with no food or water , the certificate says . He also was forced to stay in the dark cellar for four days , and when he escaped to get food , he was punished by being beaten with a baseball bat , it says . The boy said the couple called the abuse "  punishment sessions " for not doing chores or breaking household rules , and that the "  sessions " would last for two to three hours , according to Deputy Sheriff Wilson . When the boy escaped , he had been duct-taped but managed to escape by moving his hands in front of him , peeling the tape off his mouth , then chewing through the tape binding his hands , Wilson said . He forced open the cellar door and then lived on the streets for two weeks , stealing food when he could , Wilson said . He was sleeping in a bus shelter on a Navy housing complex last Friday night when two Navy security officers found the boy and saw his injuries , Wilson said . They immediately sent the boy to a hospital where detectives interviewed him . They saw injuries to the boy 's head , face , chest , abdomen , back , arms , legs , hands and feet , ranging from fresh open wounds to wounds that were in the process of healing , the certificate of probable cause says . The doctor also found a broken piece of metal in the boy 's hand , possibly from the nail . "  In the first six hours they were able to develop enough probable cause for the arrest of the brother and the brother 's wife , " Wilson said . "  they were arrested at 7 a.m.  Saturday  at their house . " When detectives interviewed Brandon Gunn , he denied abusing the boy , saying only that he gave him a "  whooping " with a belt on his backside a few times . Detectives searched the home and found blood stains on the wall , door , bench vise , baseball bat and chair , the certificate of probable cause says . They also found the dog kennel and staple gun , and a strong smell of urine in a corner of the cellar where the boy said he was forced to urinate , it says . The boy is out of the hospital and living with a foster family , Wilson said . The Gunns ' next court appearance is scheduled for September 10 in Kitsap County District Court , said Lewis , the prosecutor . People held captive in Philadelphia	The boy 's brother and the brother 's wife allegedly abused the boy They are charged with kidnapping , unlawful imprisonment and assault The boy is from Atlanta and was staying with them for the summer He escaped two weeks ago by chewing duct tape off his hands
CNN  -- Nearly two years after it was sent up to the International Space Station , a giant particle physics detector has provided its first results in the search for the mysterious "  dark matter " believed to be a major component of the universe . The international team running the Alpha Magnetic Spectrometer released its initial findings Wednesday at the European Organization for Nuclear Research , known as CERN , in Switzerland . The scientists are studying flux in cosmic rays , the charged high-energy particles that permeate space , for evidence of the invisible dark matter particles colliding with each other , leading to what is termed "  annihilation . " A result of this would be a higher presence of the charged particles known as positrons , the antimatter counterpart of electrons . According to a CERN statement , the results announced Wednesday "  are consistent with the positrons originating from the annihilation of dark matter particles in space , but not yet sufficiently conclusive to rule out other explanations . " How particle smasher and telescopes relate Over the last few decades , scientists have come to the conclusion that the universe 's composition is only about 5 % atoms -- in other words , the stuff that we see and know around us . That means the rest is stuff we ca n't see . About 71 % is something called "  dark energy , " and another 24 % is "  dark matter . " Research is ongoing to figure out precisely what these "  dark " components are , because they do not interact with ordinary matter and have never been directly detected . The Alpha Magnetic Spectrometer project is being jointly run by scientists from 16 countries , under the leadership of Prof. Samuel Ting of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology . The cosmic ray particle physics detector was carried to the International Space Station on the final flight of the space shuttle Endeavour and installed under NASA direction . Since May 2011 , the detector -- which is mounted outside the space station -- has been sifting through matter , antimatter and other particles as it circles the Earth , with the data sent to hundreds of scientists on the ground for analysis . Their initial conclusions are based on some 25 billion recorded events over the course of 18 months . "  As the most precise measurement of the cosmic ray positron flux to date , these results show clearly the power and capabilities of the AMS detector , " Ting said , according to the CERN statement . "  Over the coming months , AMS will be able to tell us conclusively whether these positrons are a signal for dark matter , or whether they have some other origin . " Opinion : How the Higgs can lead us to the dark universe Physicist Robert Flack , a senior research associate at University College London , told CNN the results from the Alpha Magnetic Spectrometer are significant because they 've "  thrown up a question which may have an answer in dark matter . " Dark matter remains a mystery because there has been no direct observation of it , he explained . "  We are fairly happy that it exists , we are fairly happy about the kind of shape -- that it envelops galaxies and is much wider than the galaxies themselves , " he said . "  But what we do n't know yet is what it 's made of -- and that is hampered by the fact that we can not see it and can not detect it , " he said , because the detectors are made to measure matter as we know it . "  In this case , it will always be an open question until we can pin down what dark matter is made of , " he said . The scientists involved in the project say the results coming from the spectrometer -- which are much more accurate than in past experiments -- are consistent with a fairly basic dark matter model , Flack said . At the same time , they are right to be hesitant about rushing to make claims that might later prove to be unsubstantiated , he added . The state-of-the art detector , which weighs 8,500 kilograms , is expected to stay in operation through the lifetime of the space station , until 2020 or longer . The results "  could help foster a new understanding of the fields of fundamental physics and astrophysics , " NASA administrator Charles Bolden said in a statement Wednesday . "  I am confident that this is only the first of many scientific discoveries enabled by the station that will change our understanding of the universe , " he said . CERN director general Rolf Heuer said the findings so far were "  a great example of the complementarity of experiments on Earth and in space . " Searches for dark matter are also being carried out at CERN using the Large Hadron Collider , the world 's largest and most powerful particle accelerator , and other laboratories . "  Working in tandem , I think we can be confident of a resolution to the dark matter enigma sometime in the next few years , " Heuer said . Better ` baby picture ' of the universe emerges CNN 's Elizabeth Landau contributed to this report .	Scientists have been analyzing data from the Alpha Magnetic Spectrometer They are seeking evidence of "  dark matter " particles thought to be part of the universe Alpha Magnetic Spectrometer is mounted outside the International Space Station It gives the "  most precise measurement of the cosmic ray positron flux to date "
San Francisco , California  CNN  -- As all people of conscience will agree , human trafficking and child exploitation are utterly despicable and horrendous crimes . In contrast with the epidemic numbers often cited for the nation as a whole , the incidence of such crimes is low and getting lower on Craigslist because of the comprehensive preventive measures we have taken . Some experts now liken the relative rarity on Craigslist to "  looking for a needle in a haystack . " Nevertheless , any misuse of our site whatsoever in facilitating such unspeakable crimes is unacceptable , and we will continue to work tirelessly , in tandem with law enforcement and key nonprofits , to ensure that any victims receive the assistance they desperately need and deserve , and that those responsible are imprisoned . We believe Craigslist is one of the few bright spots and success stories in the fight against these terrible scourges . We 've been told as much by experts on the front lines of this fight , many of whom we have met with , and many of whom have shared helpful suggestions that we have incorporated in our approach . Even politicians looking to advance their careers at the expense of Craigslist 's good name grudgingly admit , when pressed , that we have made huge strides , and that Craigslist is virtually alone among advertising venues in vigorously combating these problems . Indeed , to our knowledge , only Craigslist , out of countless venues , takes any of the following measures , let alone all of them : • Educating and encouraging users to report trafficking and exploitation • Prominently featuring anti-trafficking and exploitation resources • Creating specialized search interfaces for law enforcement • Providing support for law enforcement anti-crime sweeps and stings • Actively participating in the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children 's cyber-tipline program • Leading all awareness efforts for the National Trafficking Hotline • Meeting regularly with experts at nonprofits and in law enforcement • Manually reviewing every adult service ad before posting • Requiring phone verification for every adult service ad • Implementing the PICS content labeling system . Last year , we began manual screening of each adult services ad before its posting , and those unwilling to conform to Craigslist 's standards left in droves for the many venues that do not screen ads . This migration is a matter of public record . You do not hear about arrests connected to the vast majority of adult services advertising because the venues hosting those ads do not cooperate with law enforcement , do not urge their users to be on the lookout for and report suspected trafficking and exploitation , do not participate in reporting programs , do not consult regularly with experts and advocacy groups , and in fact do not take any of the preventive measures we have taken . Looking on the bright side , the potential for progress would be enormous if all such venues would adopt the practices that Craigslist has established . We are aware that some have called for "  shutting down " the adult services section of Craigslist . Fortunately , most concerned parties seem to realize that declassifying adult services ads back into Craigslist personals , services , and other categories , and offsite to venues that have no interest in combating trafficking and exploitation or in assisting law enforcement , would simply undo all the progress we have made , undermine our primary mission of evolving Craigslist community sites according to user feedback , set back the efforts of our partners in law enforcement and exacerbate the very societal epidemic we all seek to end . Read an alternate view accusing Craigslist of publishing such ads In serving our users and the general public as best we can , Craigslist has to balance an immense amount of passionate and often conflicting feedback , and at the end of the day do what our consciences tell us is right . Certainly the adult services arena has exemplified this . Passionately held opinions on the part of respected experts and well-intentioned citizens range from insistence that all aspects of the "  adult industry " must be legalized and regulated in order to make further progress against trafficking and child exploitation , to those equally insistent that the entire industry must be further criminalized and marginalized for such progress to be made . Fortunately , there is a lot of common ground among all concerned parties , regardless of ideology , and we are focused on making further progress by continuing to seek and incorporate the collective wisdom of the many who have generously shared their ideas and advice about these complex issues . As a community site facilitating billions of human interactions among more than 50 million Americans each month , we face many of the same difficult social problems that have faced communities throughout the ages , and all the support , advice and encouragement we have received from so many is sincerely appreciated . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jim Buckmaster .	Craigslist CEO says site uses comprehensive preventive measures to bar child sex ads Jim Buckmaster : Site works with nonprofits , law enforcement to make sure victims get aid Buckmaster says his site is virtually the only ad venue that vigorously combats this crime He writes that measures have driven criminals away from Craigslist to permissive sites
CNN  -- When Congressman Paul Ryan opined recently that there was a "  real culture problem " in poor communities , "  in our inner cities in particular , " and that this culture was behind some of the country 's economic troubles , he did n't realize how half right he was . People are continuing to debate fiercely what Ryan said and whether he meant to propagate racially coded explanations of poverty 's roots . But put that aside for a moment . Here 's what he was right about : There is indeed a culture in America that is pathological and now threatens our social fabric . It 's not the culture of poverty , though . It 's the culture of wealth . We live in an age of extreme concentration of wealth in America . The problem is not just that the 1 % have managed to nearly triple their share of national income in the last three decades . Nor is it just that the 1 % increasingly are fed , schooled and housed in a bubble apart from the rest of their fellow citizens . The problem is that today 's concentration of wealth is breaking the golden link that Ryan and others take pains to emphasize -- the link between work and reward . Economist Thomas Piketty 's landmark new book "  Capital " unpacks this delinking in great statistical detail . It turns out that increasing numbers of Americans in the 1 % , .1 % and .01 % have done little to "  earn " their wealth or privilege . Contrary to myth , most of today 's plutocrats are not the kind of Steve Jobsian visionary risk-taking entrepreneurs or superstar celebrities . The .01 % , for instance , tend overwhelmingly to be high-end corporate managers and executives , particularly on Wall Street , operating in interlocking networks that inflate the standard of what an executive is "  worth . " Or they are the heirs of the great entrepreneurs  4 of the 10 richest Americans are children of Sam Walton  , inheritors of fortunes of which it can truly be said , "  someone else built that . " An aristocracy is emerging in America , a class of insiders that corrodes the promise of equal citizenship . And with this compounding of unearned advantage , certain antisocial values and behaviors have taken root among the superrich -- norms that threaten to corrupt the rest of American society . What 's in this dysfunctional culture of concentrated wealth ? Look around Wall Street . You 'll find tribal insularity , short-term thinking , personal irresponsibility , cynicism about playing by the rules , an aversion to socially productive labor , a habit of shameless materialism , an inability to defer gratification and a lack of concern for what "  message " all this sends to the youth raised in such an environment . In short , you 'll find the very things typically imputed to the culture of poverty . Now , to be sure , there are poor people who do exhibit these antisocial values and norms . And there is no question that plenty of poor people are poor because they made bad choices and behaved in self-destructive ways . But rich people who exhibit such values have something the poor do n't : Money . Money buys exemption from bad choices . Money confers power -- in particular , over the poor . It confers the power to frame public narrative and policymaking and to determine whose behavior -- whose culture -- is  and is n't  called pathological . Today , as it was during the last Gilded Age , the concentration of wealth gives the rich the political clout to further concentrate their wealth .  And now , as then , the Supreme Court greases the skids in the name of "  liberty "  . This clout is wielded in plain sight now , without any pretense of civic equality . And it calls to mind the warning attributed to Justice Louis Brandeis : "  We may have democracy , or we may have wealth concentrated in the hands of a few , but we ca n't have both . " When the richest 400 families in America have more wealth than the bottom 155 million Americans combined , the danger to the republic is far more clear and present than that posed by the "  welfare queens " of lore or by anecdotes of shiftless inner-city men . That would be true even if the super-rich today had entirely benign or merely neutral policy preferences . But in fact they 've rigged the game of policy , subsidies and tax preferences to amplify and hoard their gains . This is n't to suggest that all super-wealthy people are "  welfare kings "  they 're not  or to imply that they have a monopoly on selfishness or sociopathic attitudes  they do n't  . Yet if it 's unfair to paint everyone in the 1 % with the same unflattering brush of "  dysfunctional culture , " is n't it far worse to do the same to the poorest 20 % ? Wealth and advantage are as strongly self-reinforcing as poverty and disadvantage . It 's possible to recognize this fact while also championing grit , gumption and good values . In fact , it 's essential . But culture does n't explain everything . And where it matters is n't only among the poor or nonwhite . If we 're going to reform the norms in this country so that opportunity is truly reflective of effort and talent , we have to do more than pick on those with the least . We have to start at the top .	Congressman Paul Ryan says America has a problem in culture of poverty Eric Liu : Actually , we live in a dysfunctional culture of concentrated wealth He says certain antisocial values and behaviors have taken root among the rich Liu : The wealthy rigged the political and economic games to amplify their gains
CNN  -- Haiti has an opportunity to address the worst crimes of its past in prosecuting former dictator Jean-Claude "  Baby Doc " Duvalier , a leading human rights monitoring agency says . It is pressing for a full investigation and subsequent trial and urges the international community to lend resources to help fill gaps in Haiti 's legal system . "  The Duvalier trial could be the most important criminal case in Haitian history , " said Reed Brody , counsel for Human Rights Watch . "  The challenges for Haiti 's weak justice system to carry out a fair trial are enormous , but international support can help Haiti meet those challenges . " In Quebec , Canada -- home to about 100,000 Haitians -- a new effort was launched this week to help victims of the Duvalier era to step forward with their stories . A newly formed survivors group , the Committee Against Impunity and for Justice in Haiti , plans to gather testimony that could be used as evidence in a potential criminal case . "  Certainly , it is difficult for anybody who suffered , " said Matt Eisenbrandt , legal counsel for the Canadian Centre for International Justice , which is working on the project . "  But there are many people who feel the need for justice . " Human Rights Watch issued a 47-page report Thursday urging the international community to send temporary legal staff with experience in complex cases and to assist the Haitian government compile information through the release of diplomatic cables and other evidence . The group urged the Haitian government to provide a safe environment for witnesses and allow for judicial staff to work independently . Duvalier stunned the world by returning to Haiti in January after 25 years of exile in France . He stands accused of the abuse , torture and killings of Haitians during his 15 years of autocratic rule . Amnesty International gave Haitian authorities 100 documents that it says detail cases of detention without trial , systematic torture , disappearances and extrajudicial killings that took place between 1971 and 1986 , when Duvalier was president . After Duvalier 's return to Port-au-Prince , Haitian authorities reopened a 2008 corruption and embezzlement case against him based on allegations that he stole hundreds of millions of dollars from the national treasury . Human rights groups want Haitian authorities to bring him to trial for his alleged brutality also . Several Haitians have already filed criminal complaints against Duvalier . Michele Montas , a journalist and former spokeswoman for the United Nations secretary-general , said she endured threats and detention and survived an assassination attempt for her journalism . The staff at the independent radio station of her husband , Jean Dominique , was harassed and the station was shut down during Duvalier 's rule , she said . She was expelled from the country in 1980 and returned only after Duvalier 's ouster . "  We have enough proof , " she told CNN in January . "  There are enough people who can testify . And what I will do is go to a public prosecutor , and there is a public prosecutor that could actually accommodate our complaints . " Dominique was slain in 2000 . His daughter Nadine Dominique is one of the organizers of the victims group in Quebec . "  We were shocked when we heard the news that he had returned to Haiti , " said Nadine Dominique . "  We all felt so strongly that we had to help bring him to justice , because without that , the Haitian people will never fully heal . You can not move on without that closure . " Human Rights Watch says that under Duvalier 's leadership , an extensive network of security forces exhibited a pattern of human rights abuses in order to enforce control . The report lists extrajudicial killings , detentions and "  savage torture " of people between 1971 and 1986 . "  In some cases , there is evidence that they acted under the direct order of Duvalier , " the report says . Duvalier told reporters in January that he wanted to be in Haiti to help with rebuilding the country after last year 's devastating earthquake . Brody said a fair trial for Duvalier could help the troubled Caribbean nation move forward and "  mark a break with the impunity that has characterized Haiti 's past . "	Jean-Claude Duvalier returned from exile in January Human Rights Watch is pressing Haiti to try him for alleged abuses under his rule The group urges the international community to help with judicial proceedings A victims group in Canada hopes to gather testimony that can be used in evidence
Health.com  -- Jell-O , Hawaiian Punch , Pop-Tarts , Skittles , and other brightly colored foods designed to appeal to children are n't exactly health food . But do they make kids hyperactive ? Doctors and consumer advocates have long wondered whether hyperactivity might be tied to certain dyes and additives used in processed foods , but in decades of research no studies have been able to conclusively prove -- or disprove -- such a link . Now , the Food and Drug Administration is formally weighing the evidence , raising the possibility that the agency may eventually strengthen its regulation of these ingredients . In a two-day meeting beginning Wednesday , an FDA advisory committee will discuss the strength of the evidence surrounding food dyes and behavior changes in children , whether food labels should be changed to better protect consumers , and whether more studies on the subject need to be conducted .  The FDA is not required to follow the recommendations of its advisory committees , but it usually does . Health.com : 9 food additives that may affect ADHD The debate over the potential effects of food dyes has been simmering since the 1970s . Why is the FDA acting now ? The main impetus appears to be a 2008 petition from a Washington , D.C-based watchdog group , the Center for Science in the Public Interest , which asked the FDA to ban eight different food dyes including Yellow No. 5 -- found in macaroni-and-cheese mixes , lemon-lime Gatorade , Lucky Charms cereal , and many other foods . The FDA reviewed the petition and , in September 2010 , decided that color additives did n't directly cause hyperactivity or attention deficit hyperactivity disorder , a condition characterized by chronic attention and behavioral problems . However , it did n't rule out that they might exacerbate preexisting problems in children with ADHD . Health.com : What causes ADHD ? 12 myths and facts No one knows what the FDA committee will decide , but the research so far "  does n't appear to be conclusive evidence that food additives actually cause ADHD , " says Kate Ulbricht , cofounder of the Natural Standard Research Collaboration , an independent research group based in Somerville , Massachusetts . "  Some research suggests that they may be linked to exacerbated symptoms in people who already have ADHD . " Tying hyperactivity to specific food dyes or additives is especially difficult , Ulbricht adds , because "  most products contain more than one . " Indeed , some types of candy contain as many as 10 . A long-standing debate The first inkling that food additives might be linked to attention problems arose more than three decades ago , when California pediatrician Ben Feingold , M.D. , developed a diet free of artificial dyes and flavorings that supposedly quelled hyperactive symptoms in children . Many people enthusiastically tried the so-called Feingold Diet , but the enthusiasm waned as the years went on and "  some very well-done randomized controlled studies " questioned Feingold 's theory , says Deborah Pearson , Ph.D. , the director of the ADHD Research Laboratory at the University of Texas -- Houston Health Science Center . "  I do n't think there was a great deal of evidence suggesting that withdrawing food dyes and food additives were helping those children , " Pearson says . "  For a very small subset of kids there might have been an indication but , for the vast majority , not eating cookies with that frosting with the red dye in it did n't make a difference . " Health.com : 10 kid-targeted junk foods More recently , a pair of government-funded studies in the U.K. revived interest in the link between food dyes and behavioral problems . In one study , published in 2004 , researchers found that a diet free of artificial colorings and the preservative sodium benzoate appeared to reduce hyperactive behavior among preschoolers . In the other , published in the Lancet in 2007 , preschool and grade-school children seemed to be more hyperactive when given a juice drink with these same additives than they were after consuming an otherwise identical , additive-free drink . Both of these studies -- which inspired the CSPI 's petition to the FDA -- marked a departure from previous research in that they looked at children without ADHD who were not suspected of being sensitive to food additives . "  Those studies were not definitive , but they extended the concern from children with behavioral issues to the general population , " says Michael Jacobson , Ph.D. , executive director of the CSPI . "  Almost every other study used as subjects children who were hyperactive or inattentive or suspected of being sensitive to dyes . " Health.com : Are food dyes really safe ? Could food dyes be banned ? Last year , the European Union placed warning labels on food containing the six artificial colors used in the Lancet study  three of which are not approved in the U.S.  . And in 2009 , the British counterpart to the FDA , the Food Standards Agency , asked food companies to voluntarily phase out these additives . The FDA has not said that it is prepared to take similar steps . And because food dyes are more prevalent here than in Europe , an outright ban on some or all of the additives would be very difficult to implement , Jacobson says . However , some food manufacturers are proactively reducing their use of food dyes and other additives , and some retailers are declining to stock products containing artificial coloring . Whole Foods , for instance , has had such a policy in place since the 1980s , says Joe Dickson , quality standards coordinator for the company . Health.com : Quiz : Do you have adult ADHD ? The food industry , meanwhile , has defended the safety of its products . " -LSB- Added -RSB- colors are safe and play an important technological role in foods . In many cases they replace color that 's lost during processing or for consistent appearance , for instance , " says Sean Taylor , Ph.D. , the scientific director of the International Association of Color Manufacturers , a trade association representing food-dye makers . "  Specifically , relating to hyperactivity studies , our association strongly supports sound scientific approaches to understanding any effects of any type with food additives , " adds Taylor , who is scheduled to address the advisory committee on Thursday . "  What we see right now is no clear causal relationship with these studies and -LSB- feel that -RSB- there is n't enough information here for the FDA to establish a clear causal relationship . " Copyright Health Magazine 2011	The debate over the potential effects of food dyes has been simmering since the 1970s Some manufacturers are proactively reducing their use of food dyes and other additives The FDA is raising the possibility that it may strengthen its regulation of these ingredients
CNN  -- A team of University of South Carolina researchers has made a remarkable discovery : a rare new breed of hammerhead shark it has dubbed the Carolina hammerhead . The shark 's outward features are indistinguishable from those of the common scalloped hammerhead , a kind of low profile that allowed it to go for so long without detection , according to a USC news release . What 's new and distinct about the new species is that it has 10 fewer vertebrae than a scalloped hammerhead . Test your shark knowledge South Carolina ichthyologist Joe Quattro , a USC biology professor , helped make the discovery . "  South Carolina is a well-known pupping ground for several species of sharks , including the hammerhead , " according to the USC release . "  The female hammerhead will birth her young at the ocean-side fringes of the estuary ; the pups remain there for a year or so , growing , before moving out to the ocean to complete their life cycle . " Opinion : How the world is saving the shark New legless lizards found in California	Carolina hammerhead features are indistinguishable from common scalloped hammerhead University of South Carolina biology professor Joe Quattro led researchers The state is a well-known pupping ground for several species of sharks
Charges have been filed against a now-former sheriff 's deputy in upstate New York after an online video showed him cursing and acting aggressively toward a man who did n't want his car searched , according to a Monday press release from the Saratoga County Sheriff 's Office . Shawn R. Glans was charged with official misconduct and second-degree harassment , said Saratoga County Sheriff Michael H. Zurlo . Glans , who resigned from the force , was released on his own recognizance , Zurlo said . The video shows the deputy cursing at the man , who repeatedly tells the officer there 's no reason to search the vehicle . "  I was n't in my car when all this was happening , " the man says . "  Why do n't you want to search like my house or something ? " "  Let me see your f *** ing keys , " the deputy fires back . The video shows the deputy approaching the man . "  You want to f *** ing resist ? " the deputy says . "  I 'm not resisting , " the man says . Then there 's the sound of a slap . The video , which has been viewed thousands of times on YouTube , does n't show the source of the sound . The man who says he recorded the video told CNN affiliate WTEN that the officer hit the man . "  He gave him a good whack on the back of the head , and after that he got the keys , " the man said . "  I just thought it was really wrong , the way he went about it . " The deputy also had harsh words apparently aimed at the man recording the video , telling him , "  I 'll rip your f *** ing head off . " The press release from the sheriff said : "  The actions of Sergeant Glans both as a police officer and a supervisor were completely inappropriate and unwarranted and not condoned in any fashion by the Saratoga County Sheriff 's Office . His actions served no purpose in the furtherance of the investigation that he was conducting and have greatly undermined the public trust of this agency . " The Saratoga County Sheriff 's Department said the incident occurred after "  a suspicious vehicle complaint " early Friday in the town of Halfmoon , New York . Cop 's choke hold killed NY man	Now-former deputy Shawn R. Glans was charged with official misconduct , harassment The video shows the deputy cursing at a man who does n't want his car searched Saratoga County Sheriff Michael Zurlo said Glans resigned from the force The man who recorded the video tells WTEN the officer hit the man
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Despite stopping production on the sitcom "  Two and a Half Men , " Warner Bros. . Television said Tuesday it will pay the show 's crew for the four episodes initially set to begin production this week . Warner Bros. spokesman Paul McGuire confirmed the payments will be made . According to TMZ , the payments will amount to about $ 2 million for the 200 core crew members . CBS halted production of the show , starring Charlie Sheen , after Sheen 's call to a radio show last week . On Monday , Sheen in interviews threatened to sue CBS over the action . He also told NBC he wanted $ 3 million per episode instead of the $ 2 million he was previously making , but later backed off that assertion , telling CNN 's Piers Morgan that his only hard-and-fast demand was that he and the crew get paid for another eight weeks of work . Sheen said he could "  sort of understand why " show executives felt they had to intervene after a series of high-profile incidents he has been involved in , but reiterated to CNN that he felt his private life was his own business . He has also lashed out at the show 's co-creator , Chuck Lorre . CBS and Warner Bros. . Television said in a joint statement last week that "  Based on the totality of Charlie Sheen 's statements , conduct and condition , CBS and Warner Bros. . Television have decided to discontinue production of ` Two and a Half Men ' for the remainder of the season . " Warner Bros. . Television is owned by Time Warner Inc. , the parent company of CNN . CBS previously placed the sitcom on "  production hiatus " after the actor began rehab treatments . The show had been scheduled to resume taping on four more episodes this week . It 's not clear if "  Two and Half Men " will return for a ninth season . Meanwhile , Sheen has reportedly demanded an apology from the Anti-Defamation League for comments the group 's director made last week . Sheen on Monday denied any anti-Semitic intent behind his earlier comments on Lorre , in which he said Lorre 's real name was Chaim Levine . "  I 've never had that in my past , " he said . "  You can look as deep and as far as you want . " But ADL National Director Abraham H. Foxman said in a statement last week , "  By invoking television producer Chuck Lorre 's Jewish name in the context of an angry tirade against him , Charlie Sheen left the impression that another reason for his dislike of Mr. Lorre is his Jewishness . This fact has no relevance to Mr. Sheen 's complaint or disagreement , and his words are at best bizarre , and at worst , borderline anti-Semitism . " TMZ reported Tuesday that Sheen 's attorney sent the ADL a letter demanding a retraction because Sheen 's only intent was "  to address the man rather than his television persona . " ADL spokesman Todd Gutnick told CNN that "  since Charlie Sheen has made this a legal issue with the Anti-Defamation League , we will refrain from making any further comment at this time . " And a source close to Sheen 's ex-wife , Denise Richards , sought Tuesday to emphasize the couple 's two daughters , Sam and Lola , are with Richards , not with Sheen . The source asked not to be named because of the sensitivity of the issue . On Monday during an interview at his home with TMZ , Sheen introduced the reporter to his two girlfriends , whom he called "  goddesses . " "  Charlie 's so-called ` goddesses ' have never met the girls and they will not see them , " said the source . "  Any impression that may be out there that the girls are running around Charlie 's house is inaccurate . "	Payments will amount to about $ 2 million for the 200 core crew members CBS halted production on the show last week Star Charlie Sheen has said he will sue over the action
CNN  After days of turmoil , Yemen 's President , Prime Minister and Cabinet have stood down , leaving the troubled Middle Eastern nation without clear leadership and potentially on the brink of armed conflict . President Abdu Rabu Mansour Hadi 's resignation Thursday came after Houthi rebels kidnapped his chief of staff , seized control of key government buildings in the capital , Sanaa , and failed to abide by provisions of a tentative peace deal hammered out Wednesday . The chaos in Yemen is cause for concern far beyond the country 's borders . For the United States and its allies , Yemen 's government has been a key ally in the fight against al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula , the Yemen-based group linked to attacks such as the recent slaughter at French magazine Charlie Hebdo . For the moment , uncertainty rules . Beyond it yawns the prospect of a political vacuum and growing sectarian rift that terror groups such as AQAP could exploit . Meda Al Rowas , a senior analyst at IHS Country Risk , told CNN that unless Hadi is reinstated , the chances of the country avoiding armed conflict are slim . "  Our forecast is really civil war in Yemen because we have a lot of nonstate armed groups who are likely to compete over territory and have a lot of competing agendas , " she said . Who is in charge right now really depends on where in Yemen you are , she said . The Houthis -- Shiite Muslims who have long felt marginalized in the majority Sunni country -- have taken control of Sanaa and the northern provinces of Amran and Sadaa . But there has already been resistance to their attempted takeover of national government institutions from different groups in Yemen , particularly in the south , where there 's a long-running secessionist movement , and in the oil-rich province of Marib to the east of Sanaa . "  This really creates a situation where even if the Houthis keep control over Sanaa , they have little chance of taking control of the whole country , " said Al Rowas . "  We expect to see armed resistance . " It 's possible that Hadi , himself a southerner , could rescind his resignation and put a Gulf Cooperation Council initiative for a negotiated transition of power back on track . But that seems unlikely at present . According to the national news agency SABA , Yemen 's Parliament is due to hold an extraordinary session Sunday , called by Parliament Speaker Yahya al-Rai . Analysts suggest that because there 's no vice president , the speaker could be next in the line of succession , taking on the role of acting president . He 's close to former President Ali Abdullah Saleh , who clung to power until being forced out by international pressure two years ago . Despite their takeover of Sanaa , it 's unclear whether the Houthis really want to take charge of the country . The group more likely wanted Hadi to remain in power as a figurehead behind whom they could pull the strings , without having to take on the burdensome business of governance , said Al Rowas . Under Wednesday 's failed peace deal , the Hadi government had agreed to rewrite parts of the country 's constitution to give the Houthis more political power in return for them withdrawing their militias from key government institutions and freeing the President 's kidnapped aide . The government only finally got parliamentary approval in December , said U.S.-based Yemen analyst Sama'a Al-Hamdani . Hadi 's resignation seems to be a recognition of the fact that he wo n't be able to lead the country as he wishes because of the Houthi takeover , she said . The Houthis are Shiites from northern Yemen who make up about 30 % of the population . They 've been at war with the central government for the best part of a decade and are also fighting the Sunni AQAP . At the beginning of 2014 , they won a series of battles close to the Saudi border . And in September , Houthi fighters suddenly descended on Sanaa , where they took over government buildings , the main airport and a share of power . In the past week , they 've taken it to another level . Although they have been fighting AQAP , they are no friend to the United States . One of the main slogans of this historically Iranian-backed group is "  Death to America . " The Houthis have more recently forged an alliance with supporters of former President Saleh , said Al Rowas . This facilitated the Houthis ' southward expansion , but the alliance is fragile , she said , not least because Saleh in the past waged military campaigns against the Houthis . Al Qaeda 's Yemen affiliate AQAP is perhaps the best-known group internationally . It first emerged in Saudi Arabia in 2002 , but thanks to the efforts of Saudi authorities was a mostly a spent force by 2005 , according to analysis from Jane 's World Insurgency and Terrorism . It re-emerged , reinvigorated , in Yemen in 2009 after the Saudi outfit merged with a Yemeni al Qaeda counterpart . Besides battling the Yemeni government and Houthis , it has been involved in international terror attacks , including the failed 2009 attempt to bring down an airliner over Detroit . The Muslim Brotherhood is also a powerful group in Yemen -- in the shape of the Al Islah Party -- and is well represented in the transitional government . It loathes the Houthis and has its own militias . The fighting in Yemen also provides an opening to ISIS , which is keen to outflank al Qaeda and prove itself the true defender of the faith . In November , ISIS leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi called on Yemeni Sunnis to resist the Houthis . There are also a number of heavily armed rural tribes that will fight for control over their territories . While in power , Hadi and the government of Prime Minister Khaled Bahah have been trying to fight AQAP on the ground and also have authorized U.S. drone strikes in the country against terror targets . As part of those efforts , the United States has several hundred American diplomats and military personnel in Yemen . But the U.S. Embassy has been on reduced staffing since September . The Houthis have publicly said they oppose U.S. drone strikes and U.S. involvement in Yemen . There are currently no talks with the Houthis , but there are discussions about whether to talk to them , according to U.S. officials . Multiple policy options are being considered , the officials said , though there is no consensus yet about how to proceed . "  The safety and security of U.S. personnel is our top priority in Yemen , " U.S. State Department spokeswoman Jen Psaki said . "  We are evaluating the security situation on the ground on an ongoing basis . We call on all parties to abide by their public commitments to ensure the security of the diplomatic community , including our personnel . " Al-Hamdani , the Yemen analyst , said she did n't see an immediate need to pull U.S. personnel out of Yemen . "  I think Yemen is safe at the time being , " she told CNN 's Wolf Blitzer . "  The Houthis have been in charge for a while . They have popular committees all over the capital of Sanaa , and they 've been running the security show . "  I do , however , want to say that the Americans might need to start talking to the Houthis . And if the Americans are talking to Iran in back channels , they need to do the same with the Houthis . " Since Hadi 's resignation , there has been a lot of anger against the Houthis in parts of the country , said Al Rowas , the IHS Country Risk analyst . While Hadi was n't able to unify the country while in power , she said , since the Houthi takeover of Sanaa , he has become the popular symbol of anti-Houthi sentiment across southern and central Yemen . Many there are calling for his return , she said . A chief flashpoint for popular anger may be the central Marib province , she said . There have already been some low-level confrontations , and tribes are mobilizing in the area . Large-scale protests have also been seen in Aden , the main seaport in the country 's south , where the current chaos plays into the hands of the secession movement . 7 things to know about Yemen CNN 's Tim Lister , Nick Paton Walsh and Jomana Karadsheh contributed to this report .	Yemen 's President , Prime Minister and Cabinet have resigned , leaving no clear leadership Their resignations followed a takeover of Yemen 's capital by Houthi rebels An analyst says there 's a potential for civil conflict without a president to unify factions
CNN  -- Taking attendance . That is the phrase used by the parent of a Sandy Hook Elementary School student , describing to a reporter what went on in the firehouse near the school as terrified mothers and fathers arrived in the minutes and hours after the shootings . The mothers and fathers looked anxiously for children who had lived through the shootings and had been brought into the firehouse . The surviving children and their parents found each other . But the other parents waited and waited . Their sons and daughters did not appear . And as the mothers and fathers who had been reunited with their children left the firehouse to go to their homes , a list began to be compiled . On it were the names of the boys and girls who were not accounted for . The most heart-shattering and unbearable list that can be imagined . Those 20 children , as they had left home for school earlier that day , were boys and girls who had favorite television shows , and Christmas wish lists , and jokes that only they and their families understood , and brothers and sisters they knew they 'd be having dinner with . And parents , who now waited in the rapidly emptying Sandy Hook Volunteer Fire and Rescue station . There are days when it seems fair to ask if part of American life has gone irretrievably insane . A description of the scene inside the elementary school , from a law enforcement official who spoke to a reporter , was that it resembled "  a killing field . " That is a term of warfare , even of genocide , yet it seems not at all out of place in the context of contemporary domestic news . "  We have lockdown drills , " said Mary Ann Jacob , a library clerk at the school . She was explaining to reporters that the teachers , children and staff at Sandy Hook Elementary , like teachers , children and staff at elementary schools all across the United States , were well versed in the advisability of preparing for a day like Friday . Lockdown drills . More than half-a-century ago , children in elementary schools were trained in so-called duck-and-cover drills : the practice of diving under desks in case of nuclear attack by foreign enemies . Even at the time , it felt kind of comical ; few boys and girls really believed that enemy aircraft were going to materialize over Midwestern or Southern or West Coast skies , bearing atomic payloads -- and a schoolroom desk , even in children 's eyes , did n't promise much of a shelter against a bomb . American children tended to laugh and kid through the drills . Today 's enemies seem considerably more real , and the children are taught to understand that . "  The kids knew the routine , " the librarian said . Thus , with the gunman in the school , she led the boys and girls to the lockdown-drill location : "  between some bookcases and a wall , where you ca n't be seen from any windows . " And , because they were children , and not soldiers trained in responding to heavy weaponry , when she and her colleagues then led the children to a storeroom and locked the door , she did the only thing she could to calm them as shots rang through the school : Passed out crayons and paper . We tend to talk about terrorism in terms of potential attacks from foreign shores , but on weekends like this one we have to acknowledge that the specter of terror seems to have become a part of the very atmosphere of American life . At a movie theater in Colorado , a shopping mall in Oregon , a school in a quiet Connecticut town ... the places change , the news media gather after the bloodshed , the police piece together the sequence of events , the grief counselors mobilize . And somehow it all feels like flailing . At the end of a weekend like this one , do we feel at all secure that , having learned what we can about what has happened , the knowledge will help to prevent the next day and place of carnage ? Of course not . There is an old movie that is often played on television during the holiday season ; its very title bears a message of warmth and safety and affectionate December memories . "  Christmas in Connecticut , " the movie is called , and the words are meant to comfort and cheer . It was broadcast again nationally late last week as America settled in for what is supposed to be a season of kindness and gentle spirit . By the weekend in Connecticut , a law enforcement official , preparing to release the identities of the children who died , said that his colleagues were carefully compiling "  a formal list of names , birthdates and information . " A resident of Newtown told a television reporter : "  Things like this just are n't supposed to happen here . " No , they are n't . And "  here " means not just Newtown , not just Connecticut , but this country we all share . It 's not supposed to happen here . Yet it does , again and again . And , in a season of peace , a strong , no-longer-young nation , blessed with so many people of compassion and wisdom and good will , finds itself in a bleak and familiar place -- unable to answer the most basic question of all : Why ? The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bob Greene .	Bob Greene describes parents ' heartbreaking wait for kids , many of whom did n't arrive Greene : There are days we want to ask : Has America gone insane ? He says the joke of duck-and-cover drills has given way to deadly serious lockdown drills Greene : We hear stories of attacks and what we should do , but it all feels like flailing
