A British hostage whose life ISIS threatened in a video was helping to provide humanitarian relief in Syria when he was abducted last year , an aid agency said . David Haines is a logistics and security manager for ACTED , a Paris-based relief organization that was helping provide food , tents and water at a camp for tens of thousands of people displaced by Syria 's civil war , the agency said Friday . Haines , 44 , is a longtime aid worker who has helped victims of conflict since 1999 , ACTED said . He was near the camp at Atmeh , Syria , close to the Turkey border , when he was abducted in March 2013 , ACTED spokesman Adrien Tomarchio said . ISIS , an Islamist militant group that calls itself the Islamic State , posted a video online this week showing the beheading of American journalist Steven Sotloff -- the second beheading of a U.S. journalist by ISIS in two weeks . After the beheading , the video shows and threatens the life of a man that it identifies as Haines . "  ACTED is deeply shocked by the images broadcasted earlier this week . The threats on David Haines ' life are intolerable , " the aid group said in a statement . "  A man 's life should never be threatened on account of his humanitarian commitment , " the group added . ISIS blamed the Americans ' killings on President Barack Obama 's decision last month to conduct airstrikes in Iraq against the militant group . ISIS , one of the major belligerents in Syria 's civil war pitting rebel groups against the regime of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad , has taken large swaths of northern and eastern Syria and northern and western Iraq for what it says is its new Islamic caliphate . The group has brutally slaughtered both religious minorities and fellow Muslims as it tries to expand its rule , with witnesses and videos testifying of crucifixions and public executions . As logistics manager , Haines had been in charge of procuring humanitarian goods for people staying at the Atmeh camp , Tomarchio said . Haines ' years of experience as an aid worker has made him a reassuring presence among his colleagues , Tomarchio said . Haines has helped victims of conflict in the Balkans , Africa and the Middle East , the spokesman said . The Atmeh camp still is operating , but Tomarchio would n't say whether ACTED remains involved there . The group does have relief activities in Syria that are managed from a distance , he said . The United Kingdom said this week it had attempted to rescue one of its citizens held by ISIS "  some time ago " but failed . UK Foreign Secretary Philip Hammond provided scant details of the rescue attempt or any other plans in the works . "  You would n't expect me to discuss various options that we will be considering , " he said . "  But I can assure you that we will look at every possible option to protect this person . "	Man threatened in ISIS video was working for French aid group ACTED David Haines was abducted near aid camp in Syria in March 2013 , ACTED says Haines was logistics manager , in charge of securing food , other aid for thousands "  The threats on David Haines ' life are intolerable , " aid group says
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Jay Leno plans "  something really unusual and different " when he hands over "  The Tonight Show " to Conan O'Brien on May 29 , 17 years after Johnny Carson left the hosting duties to him . Jay Leno begins "  The Jay Leno Show " in September . His last "  Tonight Show " is May 29 . But do n't expect an emotional final show , since Leno and most of his staff are just moving across the NBC lot to produce a nightly prime time show debuting in September . The traditional desk , chair and guest sofa probably wo n't follow Leno to his 10 p.m. show , but many of his favorite comedy elements will , Leno said . Making people laugh before they go to bed is still the mission . "  To me , 10 o'clock is like the new 11:30 , " Leno said . "  I hear more and more people , even young people , say ' I ca n't stay up past 11 . I car pool , I got ta get up at 6 . ' " "  The Jay Leno Show " will be competing against scripted dramas , not other comedians telling jokes , which Leno said should give him the edge over the long haul . "  When I was a kid , there was comedy all over TV , and it was fun to watch , whether it was Carol Burnett or any of the sitcoms , " he said . "  You 'd have a whole night of comedy , and now everything is very serious and it 's all murder . " The new show will have famous guests , but they will not drive the ratings , Leno said . "  It 's all about the joke material , " he said . He will "  try to keep it moving " with a longer monologue with dozens of jokes , he said . The last half-hour will be filled with comedy , he said . "  You look right in the camera , you directly talk to people as low-tech as possible , a little humor before people go to bed , " he said . NBC 's decision to put a talk-variety show on at 10 o'clock raised some complaints from affiliate station owners , worried the ratings would n't be strong enough to build an audience for their 11 o'clock local newscasts . The network 's Boston affiliate briefly threatened to move its news to 10 , pre-empting Leno . Leno , who grew up in Boston , said he understood the economics behind the concern . "  Although my job previous to this was to give a good lead-in to Conan , the job giving a good lead-in to the 11 o'clock news is really , really important , " he said . "  That 's really where our local affiliates make their money , is on the 11 o'clock news . " He does n't expect to beat the dramas the first week out , but he noted those shows produce only about 22 new episodes a year . "  During those repeat weeks and whatever , we 'll be live , fresh , original shows , " Leno said . The last week of "  The Tonight Show with Jay Leno " will include a lot of looking back and "  best of " segments , "  because that 's easier than writing new stuff , " Leno said . His guests Monday through Thursday include Mel Gibson , Arnold Schwarzenegger , Wanda Sykes , Billy Crystal and Prince . Conan O'Brien will be on the final show , along with singer James Taylor . Taylor 's songs were the last thing Leno heard on the radio when he left Boston in the late 1970s to start his career , so he wanted to have him as his last musical guest , he said . Leno hinted the last show would have some surprises . "  I have something really unusual and different planned , " he said , "  Something really out of left field that we 're going to end on . " Pressed for more hints , Leno said it was "  something really personal , something that has to do with show and staff . " "  I think it will make people smile , " he said . Leno can smile as he moves on , having left the legendary show -- which has had only four hosts in 54 years -- as the top show for the past 16 years . " ` The Tonight Show ' is sort of the America 's Cup of television , and you do n't want to be the guy to screw it up , " he said . If he fails in the new show , he will be all right , he said . "  If it did n't work out , then oh well , at least I have this . "	Jay Leno begins the prime-time "  Jay Leno Show " in September Comedian 's last "  Tonight Show " is May 29 ; expect surprises , he says He believes audiences will welcome a 10 p.m. comedy-variety show
Pretoria , South Africa  CNN  -- Prosecutors in the Oscar Pistorius murder case will make a final push Friday to keep the acclaimed track star in jail after a bail hearing jolted by the sudden removal of the lead investigator . The South African Police Service pulled Hilton Botha from the case Thursday after prosecutors reinstated attempted murder charges against him . Botha is accused of chasing and firing on a minibus full of people while drunk in 2011 . He is charged with seven counts of attempted murder . The allegations were the latest blow to a prosecution case that has suffered through several miscues during the bail hearing , including admissions that police could have contaminated the crime scene and failed to properly catalog evidence . Prosecutors are trying to keep Pistorius jailed pending his trial on a charge of premeditated murder in the February 14 shooting death of his girlfriend , model Reeva Steenkamp , 29 . The hearing ended Thursday with no decision on bail and is scheduled to resume Friday . Pistorius , 26 , is accused of the premeditated murder of Steenkamp after , according to prosecutors , a heated argument in the early morning hours of Valentine 's Day . The sprinter , however , says he thought an intruder was hiding in a toilet room inside the bathroom of his Pretoria home . He says he fired into the room in a fit of terror before realizing the person inside was Steenkamp . Replacing Botha Court officials learned Thursday that prosecutors had restored the charges against Botha in the 2011 incident . The charges had previously been withdrawn for additional investigation , but prosecutors decided Wednesday to proceed , said Commissioner Riah Phiyega of the South African Police Service . Phiyega praised Botha , saying he is an experienced investigator who "  has presented the case of the police well . " Botha was replaced by the department 's most senior detective , Vinesh Moonoo , in a move Phiyega said positioned the department for a "  long-haul " investigation of Steenkamp 's killing . During the three-day bail hearing , being held in a dark , stuffy Pretoria courtroom , defense attorney Barry Roux hammered away at the credibility of Botha and the entire police investigation . He argued police had missed a bullet in the toilet of the bathroom where Steenkamp was shot and may have contaminated the crime scene by failing to wear protective foot covers . Botha told Roux that investigators did n't wear the booties because they 'd run out . Bulelwa Makeke , the spokeswoman for South Africa 's National Prosecuting Authority , said before the announcement of Botha 's removal that the accusations against the investigator would be little more than a "  speed bump " in the Pistorius case . Gallery : Athletes charged with murder Monumental collapse ? In arguments wrapping up Thursday 's session , Prosecutor Gerrie Nel said Pistorius ' defense team has failed to explain why investigators found two cell phones and the gun believed to have been used in the shooting in front of the shower . That goes to the prosecution claim that Steenkamp did n't merely get up to relieve herself in the middle of the night , but in fact had locked herself in the bathroom with her cell phone to protect herself from Pistorius . Nel also said Pistorius has shown a lack of realization of what he has done and cast doubt on Pistorius ' claims that one of the reasons for his extreme fear that night was that he had been a victim of burglary and violent crime in the past . Where , Nel asked , are the court cases from those incidents ? Why , Nel asked , did n't Pistorius whisper to Steenkamp or try to wake her up when he heard noises ? In full : Pistorius ' affidavit to court In addition to his questions about the bullet and the booties , Roux got Botha to acknowledge during the hearing that investigators had failed to collect any evidence that counters Pistorius ' argument that he mistakenly shot Steenkamp . Roux told Magistrate Desmond Nair that the prosecution 's case had suffered a monumental collapse . The defense attorney also questioned police claims that a witness who lived at least 300 meters  328 yards  from Pistorius ' home had heard a raging argument coming from the home . He also said officers had failed to properly investigate and catalog evidence found there , including ammunition and a bottle of what Botha first called testosterone before backtracking . Roux said the substance is an herbal remedy . Authorities have argued that ballistic evidence shows Pistorius had to intentionally target the toilet to strike Steenkamp , and that evidence shows he was standing on his prosthetic legs when he shot through the bathroom door . Pistorius said in his statement that when he shot through the door , he was feeling vulnerable to an intruder because he was not wearing his legs and had limited mobility . Prosecutors are fighting bail because they worry that Pistorius will disappear if he 's released , and they say that he has a history of police encounters that suggest he is a threat to public safety . Pistorius has pledged to stay in South Africa and fight the charges if released , adding that he 's unlikely to escape notice as a well-known athlete who walks on prosthetic legs . His family issued a statement Thursday afternoon through Vuna Reputation Management , saying that they "  fully respect the bail hearing process . " "  They understand it is in the full interest of justice that the process associated with the bail application be followed in its entirety " , said Arnold Pistorius , Oscar Pistorius ' uncle and family spokesperson . "  We are strong and supportive as a family , for Oscar , but we understand that this is in the best interest for all . " Anger about detention In other developments , the women 's branch of South Africa 's ruling party accused authorities of giving Pistorius special treatment by holding him at the police station instead of prison . "  If there is some special circumstance that permits this , authorities must share this with the public as they are setting a bad precedent , " the statement from the African National Congress Women 's League said . "  All should be treated equally before the law no matter your standing in society . " What 's life like in a South African prison ? Nike pulls away from sprinter Also Thursday , Nike announced it had suspended its contract with Pistorius , saying it would "  monitor the situation closely . " Nike had already pulled a TV ad featuring the sports star . Nike 's bullet ad with Pistorius backfires Robyn Curnow reported from Pretoria , and Michael Pearson reported and wrote from Atlanta . CNN 's Marilia Brocchetto , Kim Norgaard and Dianne McCarthy also contributed to this report .	NEW : Pistorius family "  fully respect the bail hearing process , " uncle says Police replaced Hilton Botha after prosecutors reinstated murder charges against him The sprinter 's lawyer says the state 's murder case has collapsed A hearing to decide whether the track star gets bail will resume Friday
CNN  -- A 9-year-old girl was laid to rest Wednesday as a 15-year-old girl , described as an acquaintance , was in court on charges she carried out the younger girl 's murder Elizabeth Olten was coming home from a friend 's house last week in St. Martins , Missouri , when she disappeared . Distraught residents searched for days for Olten without luck , when the Cole County Sheriff 's Department received a tip that led them to the alleged killer . It did n't lead them to a stranger , a child predator or a convicted sex offender -- avenues police had originally considered because of Olten 's age Instead , it led them to a 15-year-old girl who , according to Peggy Florence , a family spokeswoman , had played with Olten . The girl then led police to the body -- which was found in an area authorities searched before , the sheriff 's department said , but was hidden so well they had n't seen it . Authorities said both physical evidence and some written evidence led to the suspect 's arrest . She has been charged with first-degree murder . On Wednesday , Olten 's family looked towards closure as two drastically different scenes unfolded in Missouri . Olten 's family and friends watched as two white horses pulled her casket in a glass hearse . Hours earlier , a judge had ordered the 15-year-old suspect to be held while he decides whether she should be tried in adult court . Authorities have not released the suspect 's name . Authorities released few details about the case , though they said an autopsy was conducted Saturday . The Olten family spent the day of Elizabeth 's funeral remembering a very special little girl and mourning their loss , choosing to celebrate her life , instead of attending the court hearing of the teen accused of killing her . After the funeral ceremony , they released pink balloons , in honor of Elizabeth Olten 's favorite color . For them , it was about their little girl -- the one who was always ready with a bright smile . "  She wanted to be a mother , she wanted to love others and take care of others , " family spokeswoman Florence told HLN 's Nancy Grace . "  She was just a lovely child -- she never met an animal she did n't love and dress up and play with . " She loved to dress up and put on fancy dresses , Florence said , even in the snow and the mud . "  She was a beautiful little girly girl , " Florence said . "  She had everyone 's heart . "	15-year-old suspect accused planning , carrying out murder of 9-year-old Elizabeth Olten disappeared after returning home from friends house in Missouri Olten , 9 , and suspect had played together before , family spokeswoman says Judge will be deciding whether to charge suspect as an adult or juvenile
CNN  -- No. 2 Alabama clobbered No. 1 Louisiana State University Monday night , winning college football 's Bowl Championship Series 21-0 . The rematch of the century took place in New Orleans , and this time , there was more at stake than just bragging rights . Follow the SI.com live game blog The showdown for the BCS title came two months after the two giants battled in a tense Southeastern Conference matchup . Both teams went into that November 5 game undefeated . College football pundits dubbed it the game of the century . Alabama , playing at home in Tuscaloosa , lost 9-6 . For the Crimson Tide , Monday was a chance at redemption -- and to settle the debate , once and for all , who is the best team in college football . "  These kind of competitive games , especially this game , playing somebody in your league that you already played , I think makes this a more special challenge , " Alabama coach Nick Saban told reporters before the game . "  The opportunity that our players have to play LSU again is something that is unique . "	Crimson Tide shuts out the Tigers 21-0 The two battled in November , with LSU coming out on top
CNN  -- Circles Robinson is a 55-year-old American who has lived in Havana with his family since 2001 . He works revising English translations for official Cuban media online publications and in his spare time he writes his own blog and manages the Havana Times Web site . Circles Robinson : "  There are fantastic cultural opportunities in Havana . " CNN : What makes Havana special to you ? Circles : Havana is the only capital city I 've seen that I would want to live in . One big reason is that there are relatively few cars , making the city pedestrian-friendly . Another is that it 's quite safe for a capital and you feel like the night is your ally instead of your adversary . Havana is full of contrasts that make life interesting : buildings being restored amid others collapsing . There 's an amazing array of cultural activities but it can be hard to buy a nail or cat food or even a roll of toilet paper sometimes . I love the parks , the Malecon seawall and the ever-expanding network of museums that give you the feeling there is always something new to see on a weekend stroll . And Havana is virtually free of commercial advertising . The TV and other media are ad-free as well , and I love that . CNN : What are your favorite parts of the city ? Circles : The Malecon seawall is a great place to think , relax and observe , because of its majestic views , sea breeze and mix of characters from all walks of life . I also love the sprawling grounds , stone walls and magnificent view of the city at the San Carlos de la Cabana Fortress across Havana Bay . The Latinoamericano baseball stadium is also special for a fan like me . Out on the east side of the city the beaches are fantastic . We try to go once every few months and more often in the summer . Vedado is my favorite district . It has many large parks , beautiful tree-lined streets and a mix of extremely interesting 20th-century architecture . Of course , Old Havana is gorgeous , with all the excellent restoration work and many museums . I usually find myself going there when I have visitors to show around . CNN : What do you dislike about life in Havana ? Circles : The overcrowded housing situation and deteriorated buildings in some parts of the city make for some difficult living situations and many things only work halfway . There 's a thick bureaucratic maze to accomplish many simple tasks . Most people need to do something under-the-table to get by and there are some seemingly ridiculous prohibitions . What makes Havana special to you ? Let us know . CNN : What 's a typical weekend in the city ? Circles : There are fantastic cultural opportunities in Havana and they are very accessible to all , normally costing from 10 to 50 U.S. cents for a ticket . My wife and I often go to the theater , to movies , dance performances and concerts . I like jazz a lot and this Friday there 's an outdoor jam session around the time when people get off work . On Saturday there 's an early evening informal free concert on the porch of an art gallery . There 's also a film festival offering young filmmakers ' works and there are numerous venues for stand up comedians , which are a big favorite of the general population . CNN : Cuban music is known throughout the world . Where are the best places in Havana to hear real Cuban music ? Circles : I much prefer what they call the "  penas " -- more intimate sessions where friends and followers show up . Many groups have regular "  penas " once or twice a month , where you might hear folk , rumba or jazz . These performances are held at a variety of places , outdoor and indoor , and most are free . For more formal concerts I particularly like the theater at the Cuban Fine Arts Museum and the smaller hall at the Amadeo Roldan Theater . The Teatro America also offers a good variety of musical presentations . Some of the best venues for salsa are the outdoor ones . There are outdoor auditoriums in most neighborhoods , like the Tropical 's Salon Rosada in Buena Vista , La Bereda in La Lisa , and El Patio de la Salsa in La Virgen del Camino , where you can see the top salsa bands for under a dollar . You can also see top salsa bands for free at the weekend at venues set up in squares or plazas . CNN : What do you think the future has in store for Havana ? Circles : The potential is awesome . If the hostile policy of the U.S. towards Cuba could turn into a good-neighbor policy , or at least more normal ties , the economy of the city would no doubt improve . If the travel ban was lifted people from the U.S. could appreciate all that Havana has to offer . Likewise , if the rest of the blockade was lifted it would present a great challenge to the city 's government to get beyond a virtual state of siege and be able to confront its serious infrastructural needs , housing deficit and , in some areas , highly deficient public works and utilities . An onslaught of visitors would also put services to the test and most likely require improvements . CNN : If Havana was a person what would he or she be like ? Circles : He or she would be casually sensuous , timeless , sassy and either ` tranquillo ' or combative depending on how the day 's going .	Circles Robinson is an American who has lived in Havana since 2001 "  Havana is the only capital city I 've seen that I would want to live in , " he says He says the Malecon seawall is a great place to "  think , relax and observe " You can hear authentic Cuban music at "  penas " -- intimate music sessions
CNN  -- A secretly taped video by a male and a female posing as sex traffickers purportedly shows a Planned Parenthood employee in New Jersey telling them how to secure abortions and contraception for underage girls , anti-abortion activist Lila Rose told CNN Wednesday . In response , Planned Parenthood described the January 13 video by Rose 's anti-abortion group Live Action as a scheme to "  take down " the abortion-rights organization , Planned Parenthood spokesman Stuart Schear said in a statement . In a CNN interview , Schear added Planned Parenthood has already reported the claims of sex trafficking to federal authorities and on Tuesday fired the videotaped employee . Planned Parenthood of Central New Jersey also condemned the apparent misconduct of the employee . "  The behavior of our employee , as portrayed on the video , if accurate , violates PPCNJ policies , as well as our core values of protecting the welfare of minors and complying with the law , " Phyllis Kinsler , CEO of Planned Parenthood of Central New Jersey , said in a statement . Last month , Live Action activists with secret cameras visited two Planned Parenthood health centers in New Jersey , where human trafficking has been a major issue , Schear said in a statement . After the visits were over , Planned Parenthood notified local authorities of alleged human trafficking and learned of at least 11 visits to facilities in six states over one week "  in which persons claiming to be involved in sex trafficking with minors asked for services for young women , " according to Planned Parenthood statements . Planned Parenthood then notified federal authorities , and the FBI is reviewing photos of at least one person making the sex trafficking claims , Schear said . There was no immediate confirmation from the FBI that a review was underway . In the visits , men , sometimes accompanied by a woman , appear at Planned Parenthood without an appointment saying they were seeking health services , but they quickly turn the conversation to a supposed sex ring they claim to be managing , according to a Planned Parenthood statement . "  If a multistate sex trafficking operation is in place , those responsible must be pursued to stop the exploitation of girls and young women , " Schear said in a statement . "  If these visits are part of a ` dirty tricks ' campaign , they must be condemned . Falsely claiming sex trafficking to health professionals to advance a political agenda is an astoundingly cynical form of political activity . " Rose -- president of Los Angeles-based Live Action and , according to the organization 's website , a student at UCLA -- said the video from January shows two individuals portraying a pimp and a prostitute . In the past 3 1/2 years , group members have gone "  undercover " in a total of 11 Planned Parenthood clinics , she said . "  These are actors , and they investigate sexual abuse cover-up going on across the country institutionally at Planned Parenthood clinics , " Rose told CNN . "  This is the 11th clinic where it shows the worker aiding and abetting who they think is a pimp , a sexual abuser who commercially exploits young girls . " In the CNN interview , Rose , 22 , did not detail what happened in the 10 other visits . She said she participated in an unspecified number of the undercover visits . In the video , an female employee at Planned Parenthood 's facility in Perth Amboy , New Jersey , advises the couple to have the underage girls lie about their age to avoid mandatory reporting laws for abortion . "  Even if they lie , just say , ` Oh , he 's the same age as me , 15 , ' ... it 's just that mainly 14 and under we have to , does n't matter if their partner 's the same age , younger , whatever , 14 and under we have to report , " the Planned Parenthood employee says in the video . The employee also tells the male that he can get cheaper contraception by claiming the girls are "  students , " according to the video . "  If they 're minors , put down that they 're students . Yeah , just kind of play along that they 're students . We want to make it look as legit as possible , " the Planned Parenthood employee says on the video . The employee cites another abortion provider to the couple in case an underage girl needs an abortion , according to the video . "  Their protocols are n't as strict as ours , and they do n't get audited the same way that we do , " the Planned Parenthood employee says on the video about the other abortion provider . Live Action said it sent the entire video to U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder , New Jersey Attorney General Paula Dow , the FBI and other law enforcement officials . CNN could not immediately verify that claim . "  This proves beyond a shadow of a doubt that Planned Parenthood intentionally breaks state and federal laws and covers up the abuse of the young girls it claims to serve , " Rose said in a statement . Rose pointed out to CNN that Planned Parenthood receives federal funding and added : "  These clinics need to be defunded . Young girls are at risk . " Planned Parenthood spokesman Schear said the video posted on the Live Action website was edited and was shot with a secret camera by Live Action activists on January 13 . "  The group that has undertaken this secret taping is on the record as saying its goal is to ` take down ' Planned Parenthood over the next 10 years by creating ` controversy ' in the organization and making Planned Parenthood ` not feel safe , ' " Schear said in a statement . In an interview with CNN , Schear added that the videotaped employee 's immediate firing "  is as clear a message you can deliver " that Planned Parenthood has "  zero tolerance " for misconduct . "  Live Action is an extreme political group and their goal is to take away health care from women , to end abortion in the United States , " Schear said . "  There is no training that can prevent this from happening . This is a complete breakdown in judgment : we do n't know understand what happened with this employee . " A statement on the Upper Hudson Planned Parenthood website said that "  these secret video tapings of our health centers are being coordinated with anti-choice groups who are pressing for the passage of the federal Pence bill to defund Planned Parenthood . "  This bill would deny federal funds for family planning and preventive care to Planned Parenthood , the largest provider of reproductive health care to women in the United States , " the statement by Upper Hudson Planned Parenthood in New York state said .	The anti-abortion group Live Action secretly taped a video at a Planned Parenthood facility The group sent a man and a woman posing as a sex-trafficking pimp and a prostitute A Planned Parenthood employee purportedly advised them on abortions for underage girls Planned Parenthood says the employee has been fired
CNN  -- Elvis was singing in the men 's room . But I 'd gotten used to that . This time , though , there was something new . And it led me , after all these years , to the legendary Barbara Hearn . A little explanation -- all right , a lot of explanation -- is in order : There 's a restaurant in Naples , Florida , called BrickTop 's . I stop in there occasionally when I 'm in town . In the men 's restroom , every time I 've gone in , Elvis Presley 's voice is singing . Oddly , his voice is not heard out in the restaurant itself . But in the restroom , the voice is there nonstop . "  Are You Lonesome Tonight ? " , "  Marie 's the Name  His Latest Flame " ... the Elvis-in-the-men 's - room playlist is rather eclectic . The other night I was eating at the restaurant and , of course , Elvis was singing in the men 's room . But there had been an addition to the restroom dÃ © cor since my last visit six months or so ago . There was a framed , autographed photo on the wall , of a young Elvis smiling next to a dark-haired woman . The autograph was hers . The signature : Barbara Hearn Smith . For Presley aficionados , the name Barbara Hearn is as historic as that of Martha Washington or Betsy Ross or Mary Todd Lincoln . She was Elvis 's hometown girlfriend in Memphis at the beginning of 1956 , just before his career hit the stratosphere . That was the year everything changed ; by the time it was over , Presley 's old life was in the rear-view mirror . And part of that old life , presumably , was Barbara Hearn . But now , in the dwindling weeks of 2011 , in the BrickTop 's men 's room , here was Elvis singing , and here was Barbara Hearn 's autograph . A closer inspection of the handwriting revealed that she was saying she had dined at another BrickTop 's , in Nashville , Tennessee . So she still strides the American continent ? I had to find her . I did -- at the Holly Tree Manor Bed and Breakfast in Trenton , Tennessee , which she and her husband of 50 years , Jim Smith , own and run . She 's 74 , and she laughed out loud when I told her where I had found her photo . "  Well , I suppose it 's all right if my name is on a restroom wall , " she said . "  It 's better than if my phone number was up there . " She said that she and her husband had been having lunch at the BrickTop 's in Nashville when a waiter had overheard them talking about Elvis . When he realized that she had actually known Elvis , he said that the boss of the place -- Joe Ledbetter -- was a huge Presley fan . Jim Smith went out to their car , where he knew there was a photo of Elvis and Barbara ; he brought it into the restaurant , and she signed it so the waiter could give it to the boss when he came in . I got in touch with Ledbetter , who runs all six BrickTop 's locations , most of which are in the South . He told me he 'd had copies made of the photo , and ordered that they be put in nice frames and hung in the men 's and women 's restrooms of all his restaurants . He said that the nonstop Elvis songs do not discriminate by gender : They are in the women 's rooms as well as in the men 's rooms . Why ? He loves Elvis . Why not play Elvis 's music in the restaurants themselves -- why just in the bathrooms ? "  It would drive some customers nuts to hear it for so long . In the restrooms , you 're just there for a few minutes . " But back to Barbara Hearn : She said she first met Elvis when she was working at Goldsmith 's Department Store in Memphis with a friend named Dixie Locke , who was dating Presley . When Dixie and Elvis went their separate ways , he asked Barbara if he could take her out . "  People sometimes say that Elvis and I went steady for a year , " she told me . "  I always correct them . I went steady with Elvis for a year . Elvis ? Well , he did n't go steady with anyone . " But she was his girlfriend during his remarkable ascent in 1956 . There is a famous photograph , taken by Alfred Wertheimer inside the home on Audubon Drive in Memphis that Presley shared with his parents  this was pre-Graceland  . In the photo , Barbara is prim in a white dress with dark polka-dots ; Elvis is slouched and shirtless . "  People do n't understand what 's in that picture , " she told me . "  He had just been outside standing in his new swimming pool . It was just being filled up , with a garden hose . I was dressed to go out with him for the evening , all gussied up . And what we 're doing is , he had just taken the train back from New York , where he had recorded some new songs for RCA Victor . He had brought back the recordings -- they had not been released yet . We were listening to one of them . He wanted to know if I thought it was any good . I said yes , I thought it was . It was ` Do n't Be Cruel . ' " Soon enough he went to Hollywood ; by the end of that year , he would be bringing Natalie Wood to Memphis to meet his parents .  "  I did n't hold it against him at all , " Barbara told me . "  If the roles had been reversed , and I had been the one to go to Hollywood and I 'd met Gregory Peck , I would have brought Gregory Peck back to Memphis with me . " She eventually went to work in Washington for one of Tennessee 's U.S. senators , Estes Kefauver . It was there that she met her future husband . She saw Elvis only infrequently over the years , and never lost her affection toward him . "  That year of 1956 , I saw him go from being barely famous to a super-duper star , " she said . "  From a boy to a man . " And now , more than half a century later , there they are , in the restaurant restrooms , accompanied by the sound of his voice . She said she 'd had no idea , until I told her . "  What a hoot , " she said , and laughed again . "  He 's a friend who never stops giving . " The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bob Greene .	Bob Greene says he saw a framed photo of a woman with Elvis Presley The woman , he learned , was Elvis 's hometown sweetheart just before he made it big Barbara Hearn Smith now lives in Tennessee and has fond memories of Elvis Greene : She said when his career took off that year , 1956 , he went from boy to man
CNN  Dan Swangard knows what death looks like . As a physician , he has seen patients die in hospitals , hooked to morphine drips and overcome with anxiety . He has watched dying drag on for weeks or months as terrified relatives stand by helplessly . Recently , however , his thoughts about how seriously ill people die have become personal . Swangard was diagnosed in 2013 with a rare form of metastatic cancer . To remove the cancer , surgeons took out parts of his pancreas and liver , as well as his entire spleen and gallbladder . The operation was successful but Swangard , 48 , knows there 's a strong chance the disease will return . And if he gets to a point where there 's nothing more medicine can do , he wants to be able to control when and how his life ends . "  It 's very real for me , " said Swangard , who lives in Bolinas , Calif. "  This could be my own issue a year from now . " That 's one of the reasons Swangard joined a California lawsuit last month seeking to let doctors prescribe lethal medications to certain patients who want to hasten death . If he were given only months to live , Swangard said , he ca n't say for certain whether he would take them . "  But I want to be able to make that choice , " he said . The right-to-die movement has gained renewed momentum in California and around the nation following the highly publicized death of an East Bay woman with brain cancer . Brittany Maynard , 29 , moved to Oregon to take advantage of its "  Death with Dignity " law and died in November after taking a fatal dose of barbiturates prescribed by her doctor . The California lawsuit asks the court to protect physicians from liability if they prescribe lethal medications to patients who are both terminally ill and mentally competent to decide their fate . The lawsuit argues that while it is against the law in California for anyone to assist in another 's suicide , these cases are not suicides . Rather , the suit argues , they are choices by a dying person on how his or her life should end and decisions about one 's own body protected under the state constitution . Separately , two California state senators have proposed a bill that would allow doctors to prescribe lethal medication to certain terminally ill adults . Three states -- Oregon , Washington and Vermont -- already have laws allowing physician-assisted deaths . Courts in New Mexico and Montana also have ruled that aid in dying is legal , and a suit was also recently filed in New York . Legislation is pending in several other states . Kathryn Tucker , an attorney on several of the court cases , is also spearheading the California lawsuit . This time , she and her legal team decided to include among the plaintiffs two doctors with life-threatening illnesses , Swangard and a retired San Francisco obstetrician . Physicians "  have a very deep and broad understanding about what the journey to death can be like , " said Tucker , executive director of the Disability Rights Legal Center . "  The curtain is pulled back . For lay people , death is much more mysterious . " Historically , doctors have been some of the most vocal critics of assisted suicide , also called aid-in-dying . The American Medical Association still says that "  physician-assisted suicide is fundamentally incompatible with the physician 's role as healer . " Similarly , though it has n't taken a position on currently proposed legislation , the California Medical Association has said that helping patients die conflicts with doctors ' commitment to do no harm . "  It is the physicians ' job to take care of the patient and that is amplified when that patient is most sick , " said spokeswoman Molly Weedn . But a recent survey of 21,000 doctors in the U.S. and Europe shows views may be shifting . According to Medscape , the organization that did the survey , 54 percent of American doctors support assisted suicide , up from 46 percent four years earlier . Swangard is among those who believe that taking care of patients means letting them choose how their lives should end . That 's not the same as killing patients or facilitating suicide , he said . Swangard completed his medical residency in San Francisco in the middle of the AIDS crisis ; young men were dying all around him . Throughout his career as an internal medicine doctor , a hospice volunteer and now an anesthesiologist , he has become frustrated with how the medical system handles death . Doctors spend so much time trying to extend life that few focus on what patients want in their last days , he said . "  I do n't think we know how to die , " he said . "  We fight tooth and nail to keep that from happening . " Swangard 's own illness was discovered in early 2013 during a long overdue check-up . He had n't been worried about his health -- he was obsessed with fitness , swimming regularly and seeing a trainer twice a week . But when the doctor pressed on Swangard 's stomach , he felt a mango-sized mass . He had a visceral feeling , he said , "  something bad was happening . " Within a week , a surgeon found a neuroendocrine tumor in the pancreas and metastasis in the liver . It was the same cancer that took Steve Jobs ' life -- one that does n't generally respond to chemotherapy or radiation . "  My fears became real , " he said . The doctors told him they believed they got all the cancerous cells . But Swangard was tormented by questions : Am I going to be alive in a year ? Is my cancer going to come back ? "  I was n't sleeping , I was n't exercising , I was marinating in my own sadness and fear of what this all meant , " he said . "  I thought , ` This is going to kill me . ' " Since his diagnosis , Swangard said he has had a greater understanding of his patients ' struggles . Occasionally , he holds their hands and tells them he has been where they are . Earlier this year , a physician friend asked him if he 'd be willing to join the California case . Swangard did n't hesitate . He did n't go into medicine to help dying people linger and wants to help change that approach -- for his patients and for himself . When he dies , Swangard said , he wants to be surrounded by people he loves . He does n't want to be in a drug-induced haze , nor consumed by worry about what 's next . He wants to be able to say goodbye . "  It is a little bit of a blessing to know how I might die , " he said . "  I do n't think a lot of patients have insight into what to expect . " These days , he wears a Buddhist prayer bracelet , a reminder to focus on the present . He cut his work hours , swims as often as he can and meditates regularly . At home , he stares out at the ocean , often watching dolphins pass by . He makes every effort to stay calm and healthy . He is in remission but he knows that what happens with the cancer is largely outside his control . An MRI last year showed a small lesion in his liver , which doctors are watching closely . "  It 's this big unknown , " he said . Dr. Robert Liner , a fellow plaintiff who only recently met Swangard , lives with the same uncertainty . On his 69th birthday in May 2013 , the retired obstetrician had a bad cough . He felt tired and short of breath . His wife took him to the hospital , where doctors discovered malignant masses on his kidneys -- advanced-stage lymphoma . After radiation and chemotherapy , the tumors shrank . He also is in remission . But if the cancer comes back , he said , "  the prospects are not going to be good . " He often thinks of a former patient , a 25-year-old woman with metastatic ovarian cancer . She wanted to die while she still was able to communicate . Liner was n't able to help ease her death because the law would n't let him . "  I felt like I 'd failed her , " he said . Years before his diagnosis , Liner , now 70 , became involved with Compassion & Choices , an organization that promotes aid-in-dying . He has a shelf of books in his San Francisco home devoted to the subject : Being Mortal , Dying Right , Knocking on Heaven 's Door . He keeps a stack of notecards with quotes about the end of life , which he often recites in speeches to church groups or senior centers . One reads , "  The best preparation for death is a life well-lived . " He believes having medication to hasten death helps terminally ill people live fully in their last weeks or months without being immobilized by fear . "  If you are riddled with anxiety , you are not free to concentrate on what 's most meaningful to you , " he said . Like Swangard , Liner does n't know if he would take the medication . He recently married the woman he calls his "  beloved " and said he has lots of plans for his retirement years , including writing a screenplay and improving his piano playing . "  My wife says I 'd be hanging on to life by my fingernails , " he said . But that decision should be his to make , with his family and his doctor , he said . "  I want the comfort of knowing it 's up to me when enough is enough , " he said . Blue Shield of California Foundation helps fund KHN coverage in California .	Dan Swangard , a physician , wants to be able to control when and how his life ends A recent survey reveals 54 percent of American doctors support assisted suicide
CNN  -- Pirates hijacked three ships off the coast of Somalia on Thursday in the "  worst number of attacks " in one day in many years , an international maritime watchdog said . An image of the Burum Ocean -- a suspected pirate mother ship in the Gulf of Aden . "  Four attacks in two days , ships being hijacked and crews being taken , and large ransoms being demanded is completely unacceptable , " said Capt. Pottengal Mukudan of the International Maritime Bureau , which monitors shipping crime . Pirates fired at a ship sailing under an Iranian flag and boarded it about 5:20 a.m. local time Thursday  10:20 p.m. ET Wednesday  , said Noel Chong , head of the International Chamber of Commerce 's Piracy Reporting Centre , a multinational coalition naval task force that monitors the region They hijacked a ship operating under a Japanese flag a few minutes later , he said . A German ship was hijacked about 8 a.m. local time , Mukudan said . He said the pirates are still on board the German vessel , but he had few details . Pirate attacks are frequent in the waters off Somalia , a notoriously unsafe area for unescorted vessels . Canada announced this month that it was dispatching a warship to the area to protect U.N. aid ships after more than two dozen reported pirate attacks in the region this year . "  This is the worst number of attacks that we have seen in a short period of time for years , " Mukudan said , calling on CTF-150 to "  give piracy a much higher priority to bring this under control . There have been seven vessels -LSB- hijacked -RSB- since the 20th of July . " Thursday 's spate of attacks in the Gulf of Aden came two days after pirates boarded a Malaysian tanker off the coast of Somalia . They continue to hold it , Chong said . The IMB monitors shipping crime and reported Thursday 's incidents to CTF-150 , which is based in Djibouti , and the task force is "  monitoring the situation , " Mukudan said . "  They have some of their vessels , which are tracking some of these hijacked ships , but the problem is it 's very difficult to take action once the hijackers are on board , " he said . "  The lives of the hostages is at risk . " He said he understood that the task force was busy with the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan but noted that the IMB would like to see the task force do more to respond to the problem before the hijackings occur . The IMB said in April that 49 pirate attacks on ships were reported in the first three months of 2008 , compared with 41 for the same period last year . It recorded 263 pirates attacks last year , up from 239 the year before and the first increase in three years . CNN 's Ben Brumfield contributed to this report	Pirates hijacked three ships off the coast of Somalia in one day Attacks are the latest of several to generate international concern Iranian , German and Japanese-flagged vessels all boarded
CNN  The onslaught on Houthis rebels in Yemen continued Tuesday , with the Saudi-led coalition asserting increasing control while locals fled the chaos and casualties piled up -- dozens of civilians among them . Five days after their first airstrikes , the coalition has destroyed air defense systems of the Houthis and supporters of Yemen 's longtime President Ali Abdullah Saleh , and rendered all but a fraction of air bases and stripes unusable , a Saudi source said . Saudi Arabia 's navy now controls all Yemeni ports , allowing only closely watched non-military medical goods to pass its blockade , according to the source . This effort is n't over , including widespread attempts to locate and destroy Scud missiles still in the country , the source said . The Saudis appear intent on seeing it through , as evidenced by remarks from Saudi Foreign Minister Saud al-Faisal in Riyadh . "  The Houthi militia and agents of the former president -- supported by Iran -- insist to meddle in Yemen , reshuffle the cards , rob the Yemeni will , make a coup against the constitutional legitimacy and reject all peaceful solutions , " al-Faisal said , according to the state-run Saudi Press Agency . "  We are not warmongers , " he added . "  But if war 's drums are beaten , we are ready for them . " The airstrikes -- the latest focused around Aden , Taiz and coastal cities -- come at a cost , and not just to Houthi rebel fighters . The International Red Cross said that intense fighting had brought "  disturbing reports of civilian casualties , " with some of the worst violence around the port city of Aden . Erich Ogoso , a spokesman with the United Nations ' humanitarian agency , reported 182 dead and hundreds more wounded just between last Wednesday and Sunday . Some 75,000 people have been displaced in the past week , many health facilities shut down and food prices have skyrocketed . "  Increasing hostilities have led to  the  targeting of schools , health facilities and other social infrastructure , " Ogoso said . " ... There are reports of damage to residential areas in different cities , and in Aden , minors have reportedly taken part in the fighting on all sides . " Airstrikes that hit the Al-Mazraq camp for displaced persons near Sanaa killed at least 29 people -- women and children among them , according to aid group Doctors Without Borders . About 1,100 families live in the camp , said U.N. 's humanitarian affairs coordinator for Yemen , Johannes Van Der Klaauw . "  They are , " he said , "  among the most vulnerable people in Yemen . " Yemen has been in disarray for some time , beset by widespread poverty and insecurity . Those factors helped terror groups like al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula find homes in the Arab nation , but did n't help its 26 million citizens in their quest for peace and prosperity . The instability escalated as the Houthis , a minority group long marginalized in Yemen , increasingly challenged the government of President Abdu Rabu Mansour Hadi  who in 2012 took over for Saleh , who had been in power for 33 years  . The Houthis began moving into Sanaa in September , then headed into Aden earlier this month -- advancing despite intermittent  and , time and again , unsuccessful  talks aimed a peaceful political solution to the unrest . Things finally came to a head last week , with Hadi -- who claims to still be President , even though the Houthis control government institutions -- left Yemen . At roughly the same time , Saudi Arabia and its allies came in with force to support Hadi , who they say remains Yemen 's legitimate leader . The burgeoning conflict threatened to open a wider rift , not just in the region but in the Muslim world . That 's because the Saudis have painted the Houthis as tools of Iran 's government , an accusation that also reflects the fact Saudi Arabia  and their allies in the coalition  are predominantly Sunni Muslims , while Iran and the Houthis are Shiites . The state-run Saudi Press Agency quoted Saudi Minister of Foreign Affairs Prince Saud al-Faisal as saying Tuesday that he would not condemn Iran , but would instead test the country 's intentions "  by extending our hands to it as a Muslim neighbor to open a new page . " If those two countries could achieve real cooperation , it could ease the pressures that are tearing Yemen apart . On the other side , Iranian Deputy Foreign Minister Hossein Amir-Abdollahian said that officials in his country and Saudi Arabia can help bring about a "  political solution " in Yemen , according to Iran 's state-run Press TV , citing AFP . If they do n't , war could inflame the entire region . "  We strongly object to the military solution in Yemen , " Amir-Abdollahian said , reiterating a view made by other Iranian officials . "  We believe that the Saudi military attack against Yemen is a strategic mistake . "	Saudi minister : "  If war 's drums are beaten , we are ready for them " U.N. official : At least 182 killed in the past week , including civilians
U.S. investigators are stepping up the pace of a corruption investigation into senior leaders of FIFA , even as the world soccer body is giving itself a clean bill of health , according to U.S. law enforcement officials . The FIFA ethics committee announced Thursday that it was closing its investigation into alleged corruption in the 2018 and 2022 bidding process that awarded the World Cup to Russia and Qatar , respectively . FIFA said its investigation found no corruption and has no reason to reopen the bidding process . Related : FIFA embroiled in World Cup civil war But the FBI , which is leading the U.S. probe , is n't ready to do the same . Investigators are moving ahead with their probe , which could result in charges against senior FIFA officials , the U.S. law enforcement officials said . FBI agents based in New York are moving ahead with their 3-year-old investigation , which will likely benefit from the findings of a former U.S. prosecutor , Michael Garcia , who was hired by FIFA to do an internal probe . The FBI plans to seek access to Garcia 's report , which FIFA has n't yet released . The FBI declined to offer an official comment . Garcia on Thursday distanced himself from the FIFA ethics announcement , saying : "  Today 's decision by the Chairman of the Adjudicatory Chamber contains numerous materially incomplete and erroneous representations of the facts and conclusions detailed in the Investigatory Chamber 's report . I intend to appeal this decision to the FIFA Appeal Committee . " A U.S. law enforcement official said the probe is looking at a variety of alleged corruption issues , including the 2018 and 2022 bidding process . The FBI investigation includes the cooperation of a former top FIFA official who has provided documents and recordings of meetings with colleagues , law enforcement officials said . Related : U.S. lawsuit targets FIFA rules on player concussions The New York Daily news , which reported on the cooperation of former FIFA official Chuck Blazer , quoted Blazer as saying : "  I just ca n't talk about that . " FIFA has long been dogged by allegations of corruption . In 2011 , the FIFA banned for life Mohamed bin Hammam , a Qatari member of its top governing body , for ethics violations . The organization says it is planning unspecific improvements in the way it conducts World Cup bids . Photos : Soccer-crazy Qatar ramping up for World Cup	FIFA was cleared of corruption allegations by an internal investigation conducted by an American But the FBI has intensified its own investigation of international soccer 's governing body The investigation centers on whether corruption led to the selection of Qatar to host the 2022 World Cup
Washington  CNN  -- Some say that the WikiLeaks document dump has embarrassed the United States government . Agreed -- it is probably no fun to be the U.S. official in charge of calling Italian Prime Minister Berlusconi to admit that our government noticed his Russian business dealings . But here 's who really should be embarrassed : • Those who pooh-poohed George W. Bush 's "  axis of evil . " WikiLeaks confirms that Iran and North Korea have for years been sharing weapons technology . • Those who suggest that it 's some "  Israel lobby " or Jewish cabal that is driving the confrontation with Iran . WikiLeaks confirms that the region 's Arab governments express even more anxiety than Israel about the Iranian nuclear weapons program . • Those who have condemned Israel for inspecting or impeding Red Crescent ambulances . WikiLeaks confirms that during the 2006 Lebanon war , Iran smuggled weapons to Hezbollah in Red Crescent vehicles , including ambulances . • Those who have appeased Red Crescent demands that Israel 's Red Magen David be excluded from international Red Cross organizations . The Red Crescent has been thoroughly penetrated by the Iranian Revolutionary Guards and is regularly used as a tool of Iranian foreign policy . • Those who lamented that Israel 's interception of the Turkish blockade-runner Mevi Marmara would alienate Turkey as a key U.S. ally : The U.S. government itself has for years regarded the Turkish government as trending on its own impetus toward anti-Western Islamist radicalism . • Those who look blank-faced at the origin of cyber-attacks on Google and other crucial U.S. networks . WikiLeaks documents U.S. awareness that at least one cyber-attack on Google was ordered at the highest levels of the Chinese government . This is not to deny that WikiLeaks has done enormous harm . The leakers or hackers or whoever it was who obtained and published this information have put individual lives at risk . Toby Harnden of the Telegraph notes that one of the released documents names a U.S. informant in the region . The document identifies him as a U.K.-educated engineer from a prominent pre-revolution Isfahan family who once owned a large factory in Iran and is a former national fencing champion of Iran , a former president of the Iran Fencing Association and a former vice president of an Azerbaijan sports association . Harnden aptly asks : How many such persons do you think are out there ? But here 's the ghastliest irony of the leak . If it was Julian Assange 's intention to use information hacked from U.S. computer systems to protect Iran from U.S. military action , he has very likely massively failed at his own purpose . The leak makes military conflict between Iran and the United States more likely , not less . The leak has changed the political equation in ways that reduce the restraint on U.S. policy . Public opinion in all U.S.-allied countries can now see that the dread of the Iranian nuclear program is not some artificial emotion whipped up by Israel , but a widespread fear among Arab and European governments . It 's Iran 's Gulf neighbors who have begged most urgently that the United States hit Iran 's nuclear sites . Iranian recklessness and duplicity has been widely publicized -- as has Iran 's contemptuous rejection of all diplomatic approaches . President Obama 's hand has been strengthened inside the United States . Members of Congress can see the intimate details of the administration 's determined effort to restrain Iran by peaceful means . And they can see in equally intimate detail that the effort has failed , and failed entirely because of Iran 's obduracy . If any doubt remains that a nuclear Iran would massively destabilize the region , WikiLeaks alleviates it : It 's there in black and white , according to Israeli sources , that Saudi Arabia would seek a nuclear weapon . And it 's a good question whether an increasingly anti-Western Turkey would likely soon pursue a nuclear weapon too . I am not saying that a U.S. attack on Iran has suddenly become likely . Just that it has become more politically feasible than it was 72 hours ago . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of David Frum .	David Frum : WikiLeaks release of diplomatic cables will embarrass many He says cables show Arab nations have grave concerns about Iran nuclear capability Frum : Disclosures make U.S. military action against Iran more feasible Tune in to "  Larry King Live , " Monday at 9 p.m. ET , for more on the WikiLeaks documents
CNN  -- Brazil is waiting to welcome the world for the biggest football tournament on the planet -- but has it taken its eye off the greatest show on earth -- the Olympics ? The South American nation was shamed Tuesday after International Olympic Vice President John Coates claimed Rio de Janeiro 's preparations for the 2016 Games was the "  worst " he had ever witnessed . Coates , who has been involved in the Olympics for nearly 40 years , has made six trips to Rio as part of the commission involved in ensuring the Brazilian city is ready to host the Games . And while the World Cup , which starts on June 12 may take priority , Brazil 's ability to juggle two huge events has been called into question . "  It 's the worst that I 've experienced , " he said in a statement ahead of a press conference in Sydney , Australia , where he was being asked about preparations for 2016 . "  We have become very concerned . They are not ready in many , many ways . "  We have to make it happen and that is the IOC approach . You ca n't walk away from this . " Coates revealed Tuesday that the IOC has taken "  unprecedented " action by placing experts in the local organizing committee to ensure the Games go ahead . But in a statement issued Tuesday , the Rio organizing committee insisted the city will host an "  excellent Games that will be delivered absolutely within the agreed timelines and budget . " The committee also cited the recent announcement of the budget for both infrastructure and legacy projects , as well as the tender process for Olympic Park venues , as signs of progress . The statement added : "  The time has now passed when general discussions about the progress of preparations contribute to the journey towards the Games . "  The work being undertaken in partnership with the three levels of government -- federal , state and city -- is delivering progress . "  The support of the International Olympic Committee is also crucial . We have a historic mission : to organize the first Olympic and Paralympic Games in Brazil and in South America . We are going to achieve this . " Ongoing concerns have prompted the IOC to agree to increase the frequency of visits -- led by Olympic Games executive director Gilbert Felli -- and establish dedicated task forces . Rio organizers announced earlier this month that Brazil will spend 24.1 billion reais  $ 10.8 billion  on infrastructure projects to ensure the Games are delivered on time . City mayor Eduardo Paes also stated that he was looking forward to Felli 's visit saying that there was "  no reason for concern " and that the "  Olympic Park has nothing delayed . " But Coates says the delays in construction and the lack of information available means the current state in Rio is worse than that seen in Athens in 2004 . "  The IOC has adopted a more hands-on role , " said Coates . "  It is unprecedented for the IOC but there is no Plan B . We are going to Rio . " But in a statement sent to CNN late Tuesday , the IOC appeared to play down Coates ' comments . "  Working together with our partners in Rio we have put in place a number of measures to support the Games , " said the statement . "  Mr Felli has received a very positive response on the ground in the past few days , and a number of recent developments show that things are moving in the right direction . "  Now is a time to look forward to work together and to deliver great Games for Rio , Brazil and for the world , and not to engage in discussion of the past . "  We continue to believe that Rio is capable of providing outstanding Games . " Brazilian army occupies Rio shantytown ahead of World Cup The lead up to the Athens Games 10 years ago was marred by construction delays and service delivery , but the venues and infrastructure were delivered on time . Like Athens , Rio is experiencing similar problems . The Games , which are being held in South America for the first time in its history , have been beset by delays , soaring costs and bad communication . Coates has also voiced concerns that the IOC was unable to get the reassurances needed from the local organizing committee . "  No-one is able to give answers at the moment , " he said . "  Can they use the car parks in the village for recovery centers ? What will be the time to take from this venue to this venue ? "  All of those things , they 're being fobbed off . " Coates also claimed that only two people were working in Rio 's test event department with tournaments scheduled to start this year . WADA chief warns Brazil over Olympic construction delays	Rio de Janeiro set to host 2016 Games IOC vice-president says situation on the ground is "  critical " John Coates says state of preparation worse than Athens in 2004 Brazil currently preparing to host 2014 World Cup
SEOUL , South Korea  CNN  -- Former South Korean President Roh Moo-Hyun committed suicide Saturday by leaping to his death from a hill behind his house , the government announced . Former South Korean President Roh Moo-Hyun served from 2003-2008 . He was 62 . Roh , who was president from 2003 to 2008 , had gone hiking near his home with an aide about 6:30 a.m. Saturday  5:30 p.m. ET on Friday  , the state-run Yonhap news agency said . He was found later with head injuries , and died at 9:30 a.m. after being taken to a hospital in Busan , police said . A hospital spokesman declined to comment . Roh left a suicide note for his family that family lawyer Moon Jae-in handed out to South Korean media . News reports said Roh wrote it on his computer about half an hour before he left the house . "  I am in debt to too many people , " the note reads . "  Too many people have suffered because of me . And I can not imagine the suffering they will go through in the future . " Roh 's death came amid an investigation into a bribery scandal that had tarnished his reputation . Prosecutors were investigating the former president for allegedly receiving $ 6 million in bribes from a South Korean businessman while in office . Roh 's wife was scheduled to be questioned by prosecutors Saturday , and Roh was planning to answer a second round of questions next week . With Roh 's death , prosecutors said , the case against him has been suspended . Roh had said he was ashamed about the scandal . In the first round of questioning , he said he was losing face and that he was disappointing his supporters . Watch more about his death " The former president said he learned about the payments only after he left office and that some of them were legitimate investments , Yonhap reported . Roh wrote about his thoughts on a blog that he maintained , which also attracted supporters and tourists to his hometown , Yonhap said . Watch Roh 's political rise and fall remembered " Roh 's suicide note said his health was poor and that "  nothing is left in my life but to be a burden to others . " "  Do n't be too sad . Are n't life and death both a piece of nature ? Do n't be sorry . Do n't blame anyone . It is fate , " he wrote . The note asks that his body be cremated and for a small headstone to be left near his house . "  It 's what I have thought about for a long time , " he writes at the end . Although Roh had not made a formal guilty plea , many were disappointed that a man who came to power vowing an end to corruption would face such allegations . U.S. President Barack Obama said in a statement he was "  saddened " by news of Roh 's death . "  During his tenure , President Roh contributed to the strong and vital relationship between the United States and the Republic of Korea , " Obama said in the statement issued by the White House . "  On behalf of the government of the United States , I offer my condolences to his family and to the Korean people . " Roh hoped to leave a legacy of improved relations with North Korea . Just before he left the presidency , Roh became the first South Korean leader to cross the demilitarized zone and meet with North Korean leader Kim Jong Il . Roh believed in the "  sunshine policy " of his predecessor , Kim Dae-Jung , that sought to engage the north , and Roh also promised aid . Roh spoke to CNN correspondent Sohn Jie-ae just after that trip and said he thought his legacy would be to ensure that many others crossed the demilitarized zone after him . The current South Korean president , Lee Myung-Bak , however , takes a harder line on the north and has so far not continued Roh 's efforts . CNN 's Sohn Jie-ae contributed to this report from Seoul .	Attorney : Roh committed suicide by leaping to his death from a hill Roh 's death came amid bribery investigation that has tarnished his reputation Was first South Korean leader to cross the DMZ and meet with Kim Jong Il President Obama offered condolences from U.S. to his family and Korean people
CNN  -- A Hong Kong man who brought a Filipino maid with his family when they moved to Vancouver -- but then made her work 16 hours a day for 21 months and allowed her one phone-call a month -- has been convicted of human trafficking in a landmark verdict . In the first conviction for human trafficking in Canada , a British Columbia Supreme Court found 50-year-old father of three , Franco Orr Yiu-kwan , guilty of illegally employing a foreign national and immigration breaches . His partner , Nicole Huen Oi-ling , was acquitted of the charges . "  My clients are in shock frankly , " defense lawyer Nicholas Preovolos , told CNN affiliate CBC News . "  They 're stunned . It 's an odd verdict , in that the jury apparently believed a number of allegations that Ms. Sarmiento made against Mr. Orr , but did n't believe the allegations she made against Ms. Huen . " Leticia Sarmiento , 40 , told the court she was brought to Canada in 2008 with promises that the couple would help her get permanent resident status within two years and help bring her three children to Vancouver from the Philippines , CBC News reported . When she arrived in Vancouver , however , she says she was required to work 16 hours a day , seven days a week , with no days off and no statutory holidays . She said that after a temporary visitors ' visa was acquired in Hong Kong , the couple withheld her passport from her . In Canada , she claimed , they restricted her movements and prevented her from talking to anyone . Things came to a head in June 2010 when Sarmiento called the police after getting into a confrontation with Huen . The Hong Kong-based South China Morning Post reported that she told the court that while she had a good relationship with her employers in Hong Kong , "  things had changed dramatically in Canada . " She said apart from caring for the couple 's three children , she was required to do cooking and cleaning duties that another domestic helper had performed in Hong Kong . Preovolos argued that Sarmiento was lying under oath , and was motivated by the damages that could ensue from a civil lawsuit that has yet to be heard in a B.C. Supreme Court . He argued that Sarmiento had begged the couple to take them with her when they moved to Canada following a business failure in Hong Kong and had refused to leave when her six-month tourist visa expired even though Orr had purchased a return ticket to the Philippines for her . He told the court that in 2010 the couple had bought her another ticket to return home to the Philippines and it was only then that Sarmiento , desperate to stay in Canada , had called police . Sarmiento agreed she planned to apply for permanent residency in Canada . A defense witness also testified that Sarmiento had provided her passport when she unsuccessfully tried to open a Canadian bank account , undermining her testimony that the couple had confiscated her passport . Orr remains free on bail , pending sentencing on July 10 . The charge carries a maximum sentence of life in prison and a $ 1 million fine .	Hong Kong man convicted of human trafficking in landmark case in Vancouver Franco Orr Yiu-kwan charged over Filipino maid he brought from Hong Kong Court was told how the maid worked 16 hours a day for 21 months without a holiday The charge carries a maximum sentence of life in prison and a $ 1 million fine
KABUL , Afghanistan  CNN  -- Militants continue to use a material not designed for use as a weapon against people to strike international forces in Afghanistan , the U.S.-coalition said Tuesday . U.S. mortars using white phosphorous target Taliban in Afghanistan 's Korengal Valley , October 28 , 2008 . White phosphorus , a smoke-producing agent commonly used to hide military operations , can cause severe burns . Groups such as the Human Rights Watch and other watchdogs oppose its use in civilian areas . The coalition 's assertions come on the heels of criticism of international military activities that affect civilians in Afghanistan and claims that coalition forces have used the chemical against people , a charge the United States denies . Militants on Tuesday "  mortared " a NATO-led "  combat outpost with white phosphorus and high explosive rounds " in Paktika province , the coalition said . No injuries and damage were reported . On Saturday , troops found white phosphorous mortar rounds in Bamiyan and a white phosphorus rocket in a military base in Nangarhar province . The U.S. military earlier this month declassified a report of 44 events in Afghanistan in which it said insurgents "  used or stockpiled " munitions made of white phosphorus . "  The data , obtained from incident reporting from February 2003 through the present , show that insurgents have stockpiled and used white phosphorus against personnel in both indirect fire attacks as well as improvised explosive devices , " the military said . The Taliban has alleged that U.S. forces used the chemical in fighting insurgents May 4 in Farah province and injured civilians , but that assertion has been denied by the U.S. military . "  We 've checked our reports again , and no munitions containing white phosphorous were used by coalition forces in Farah , " a senior official said . "  It is U.S. military policy to employ white phosphorous for illumination , marking targets or destroying buildings , but to abstain from using it against people . "	U.S.-coalition : Militants using white phosphorous against coalition in Afghanistan The chemical can cause severe burns ; rights groups oppose its use in civilian areas Chemical is a smoke-producing agent commonly used to hide military operations Taliban alleged U.S. forces used it in fighting insurgents May 4 in Farah province
CNN  -- Just did some power lunges . Quads getting huge . Can only speak in fragments . Because my quads are so huge . Quads . Huge . Admit it . Your favorite part of working out is actually telling people that you just worked out , especially when you can filter this information into a completely unrelated conversation . "  Dude , earlier today I swear I saw a pigeon eating a pigeon . It was insane . Happened right when I got out of the gym ... that 's where I exercise . My muscles . " Deep down , for some reason , you just want people to know that your morning was spent inside a weight room , sweating , as opposed to , say , inside a bathroom , thumbing through an old Garfield book . Of course , some people do n't even try to be coy about their workout brags . Instead , they flat out share their stats and results with the world via social media . And it 's the worst . "  Just biked 70 miles . Time for a beer . LOL . " This is unacceptable behavior , and it needs to stop . I would do something about it , myself , but I 've got a big run coming up . "  Twenty miles . LOL . " Just kidding . I do n't run . It requires pants . However , in Moscow , there 's a perfectly good reason for working out in public and letting everyone know without having to be one of those people . Because at the Vystavochnaya subway station , riders can now perform 30 squats in exchange for a free metro ticket . It 's all a part of a promotion for the upcoming Winter Olympics in Sochi , and the Russian Olympic Committee is hoping to "  add elements of sport into daily life . " Though , to be fair , this was accomplished many years ago when the two-piece track suit legally became the country 's official outfit for business casual . To earn the free metro ticket , which costs about $ 0.92 American , commuters have two minutes to complete their squats in front of the ticket machine 's special counting camera . But you have to do all 30 . No fewer . Otherwise , a bear crawls out of the machine and mauls you . In Mother Russia , failure has consequences . But , really , if you fail to do all 30 , you just have to pay for your ticket . There 's no reward for participation . And squats are no easy task . Right now I 'm in week four of the Insanity home workout program -- see how I slipped that in there ? -- and it 's basically 40 minutes of squats , broken up by short moments of lashing out with profanities toward Shaun T and Tania . I cry during the 30-second rest breaks , and check my e-mail during Level 1 drills . Because ai n't nobody got time for that . The point is that squats are hard , and the following activities may prove to be far more satisfying : 1  Sleeping 2  Eating 3  Being trapped in a car fire Regardless , the squat machine in Moscow will remain at the station until the beginning of December , and the Olympic Committee is planning more chances for people to get fit in public with exercise bikes that charge your phone and bus handles converted into stretchy exercise bands . So , remember Russians , drink your recovery fluid and log onto Team BeachBody dot com . And good luck with that bear . Follow @JarrettBellini on Twitter .	In Moscow , metro riders can trade 30 squats for a free ticket Machine registers their movements If they do n't do all 30 , they have to pay up The ticket would cost the equivalent of about 92 cents
CNN  -- Tour de France race director Christian Prudhomme has confirmed the 2013 race -- the centenary edition -- will start on the French island of Corsica . Corsica , which lies off the southern French coast , will host the first three stages of the race from Porto-Vecchio to Calvi , the first time the Tour has ever visited . Prudhomme told AFP : "  For the hundredth edition of the race , we wanted to go somewhere new , somewhere spectacular . "  In Corsica , we have all of that . We have everything in place for an enchanting start to the race , " he added . The opening 201.5 km stage from Porto-Vecchio to Bastia is likely to favor the sprinters , while the 153km second stage from Bastia to Ajaccio , is expected to see the climbers come to the fore . The third stage is relatively short , just 145km from Ajaccio to Calvi . Every French region has hosted a stage of the Tour but the race has never previously crossed over to Corsica , the birthplace of Napoleon Bonaparte , for logistical reasons . The 2012 Tour de France will begin in the Belgian city of Liege on June 30 .	The 2013 Tour de France will start from the French island of Corsica Three stages will be held on the island , the first time the Tour has visited 2013 marks the 100th edition of the biggest cycle race in the world
Washington  CNN  -- The Supreme Court on Tuesday rejected an appeal from a North Carolina county that had regularly opened its public meetings with Christian prayers . The church-state dispute is a victory for two Forsyth County residents who brought suit against the Board of Commissioners . Janet Joyner and Constance Lynn Blackmon were represented in their court challenge by the American Civil Liberties Union and Americans United for Separation of Church and State . "  When government meetings are opened regularly with Christian prayer , it sends the unmistakable message that non-Christians are second-class citizens in their own community , " said the Rev. Barry Lynn , who heads Americans United , a Washington-based group . "  The Constitution clearly forbids government to play favorites when it comes to religion . " Court records show that 26 of 33 invocations given at the council meetings in 2007 and 2008 contained references to Jesus Christ , the Trinity , or other Christian symbols or names . Clergy members from the community often delivered the sectarian invocations . The county seat is Winston-Salem , one the largest cities in the state . A federal appeals court last year found the prayers to be an unconstitutional violation of the Constitution 's Establishment Clause , which forbids any government endorsement of one religion over another . The case is Forsyth County , N.C. , v. Joyner  11-546  . The high court also turned aside a pair of student speech cases involving off-campus activity in the digital age . Both appeals involved school suspensions of students who engaged in cyberattacks using their home computers . In one appeal from northeastern Pennsylvania , the justices let stand a lower-court ruling in favor of an eighth-grade girl who created a fake MySpace profile of her male principal , who was described as a "  hairy sex addict " and a "  pervert . " Attached was a real photo of James McGonigle of Blue Mountain Middle School near Allentown . Court records show the posting was widely circulated at the school among students and faculty , and the principal eventually suspended the girl for 10 days . Her parents , Steven and Terry Snyder , then sued and were represented by the ACLU , which called the posting a "  juvenile humor " parody . A federal appeals court concluded that the posting caused no substantial disruption at the school , and that officials lacked authority "  to punish students for off-campus speech . " That same court also ruled in favor of a Pittsburgh-area high school student who also created a mock MySpace profile of his principal , who was labeled as a drug user , "  whore , " and "  big fag . " But a separate appeals court had given a West Virginia school district a legal victory after a high school senior was punished for creating what officials called a targeted "  hate website . " Kara Kowalski had organized a MySpace discussion group involving about a 100 classmates , suggesting a fellow student was a "  slut " who had contracted herpes . Kowalski sued after she was cited for violating the county school policy on bullying and harassment . Free speech advocates and national school coalitions separately urged the high court to intervene and resolve the conflicting rulings , but the justices gave no reason for their decision to stay out , at least in these disputes . "  Now is the time for the Supreme Court to resolve the question of whether and to what extent school districts have the authority to discipline students for off-campus speech , " said Francisco Negron Jr. , of the National School Boards Association . "  As technology blurs the lines between on-campus and off-campus speech , school districts need clear guidance to be able to effectively address extreme off-campus speech that interferes with a safe and orderly learning environment . " In the famous "  Tinker " case from 1969 , the Supreme Court ruled two Iowa high school students could continue wearing anti-Vietnam War armbands . The high court established an important precedent , saying students do not "  shed their constitutional rights when they enter the schoolhouse door . " But school administrators do retain the authority to restrict any activity that would cause a "  substantial disruption " of the school 's educational mission . The current cases are Blue Mountain School District v. J.S.  11-502  ; and Kowalski v. Berkeley County Schools  11-461  .	Two Forsyth County , North Carolina , residents objected to board meeting prayers The Supreme Court lets a lower court ruling in their favor stand The high court also let stand rulings favoring students who posted online
CNN  It 's a tough headline to swallow . Best burger in the world ? Yeah , right . Cue the commenters getting carried away "  my burger joint is better than yours " rants . Walk them past Fergbuger on the main street of New Zealand 's adventure capital of Queenstown , however , and the doubters might quickly turn into believers . Colloquially known as "  Ferg 's , " the burger joint is swollen with customers who spill out every opening hour , happy to wait around an hour at peak times for a feed . And "  peak time " describes most of the store 's 21-hour day . International tourists can be seen emerging with their takeouts , delicately removing a Little Lamby  lamb burger  or Sweet Bambi  venison  , reverently folding the brown paper bag with the treasured logo and carefully tucking it in a backpack . Next step , burger selfie straight to Facebook . "  My mates in Taiwan/Sweden/Canada / wherever are gon na be jealous of this . Big check mark in that Kiwi trip must-do box . " Like checking out the Eiffel Tower in Paris , Ferg 's has become the compulsory stop in Queenstown . If Michelin stars were still dished out the way they originally were , Fergburger would bag at least a couple , arguably three .  "  Exceptional food , well worth a special journey . " Among burger lovers anyhow . And on any given day  save Christmas when Ferg 's closes for a breather  burger lovers pick from quite a big menu -- around 20 variants , ranging from the standard Fergburger to the Southern Swine  beef , bacon , avocado  to the Chief Wiggum  pork belly  to stuff for impurists like the Bun Laden  falafel  , Codfather  cod  and Holier than Thou  tofu  . Tasty origins Ferg 's opened in 2001 , a true hole in the wall , hard to find place that quickly rose in popularity -- especially among the ski/boarding , backpacker and adventure crowd . It moved to its current location on Shotover Street a few years later . Slightly more room but still pretty cramped with 10 cooks and servers in the kitchen and 50 employees total . Close proximity burger-flipping and managing hangry  hungry meets angry  crowds makes for a tight and well-run bunch of employees . "  The staff has the philosophy that Ferg loves you -- we treat others the way they want to be treated , and I think that 's really the key to our success , " says Fergburger general manager Steve Bradley . The success comes in spite of the challenges of operating a 24-hour  including the three hours of cleaning each day  restaurant in a small resort town , with a limited and transient staff and difficult food supply lines for fresh produce . Where 's Ferg ? The secret behind Queenstown must-visit restaurant does n't sound like much of a secret -- hand-make everything with fresh produce every day . The other secret is n't so well-guarded either . After shelling out a fair bit of coin for a bungee jump , Shotover Jet boat ride or day on the slopes , NZ$ 10 to $ 15 for a hearty burger is extremely appetizing . While Bradley is happy to discuss management-type stuff , he 's less revealing when faced with tougher questions . Like , who the hell is Ferg ? "  There are so many stories I do n't even remember what the real legend is -- he may have been the first person to swim naked to Glenorchy or -- my favorite -- the first man to go down Shotover River in a barrel , " says Bradley . Ferg 's owner prefers to remain hidden from the public , and management refuses to say anything about him/her . "  We 're about the customer and the product , and providing great service and fresh , honest food , " says Bradley . While franchise offers have been coming thick and fast , Ferg management has n't been swayed . "  We think we 're in a really special , beautiful part of the world and that 's been a nice part of our formula , " says Bradley . "  It would have to take an extra special idea to entice us to go somewhere else . " The closest thing to another Ferg 's is the opening of Fergbaker in 2011 , a bakery next door that does a Kiwi favorite , the meat pie , proud . For hungry visitors to Queenstown , this is the fallback when Fergburger crowd 's prove too big a mountain to climb . Fergburger , 42 Shotover St. , Queenstown Town Center ; +64 3-441 1232 ; open 8:30 a.m.-5 a.m. , daily except Christmas Day . Recommended burgers : Little Lamby  Prime New Zealand lamb , mint jelly , lettuce , tomato , red onion , alioli , tomato relish  , NZ$ 12.50  $ 10  and Sweet Bambi  Wild Fiordland deer with a Thai plum chutney , lettuce , tomato , red onion , alioli  .	Fergburger 's fresh handmade burgers are Queenstown 's best known secret So popular people often wait an hour for a burger Despite success , Fergburger has n't franchised or expanded into a chain
CNN Student News  -- January 26 , 2011 Download PDF maps related to today 's show : • Houston , Texas • Egypt • Moscow , Russia Transcript THIS IS A RUSH TRANSCRIPT . THIS COPY MAY NOT BE IN ITS FINAL FORM AND MAY BE UPDATED . CARL AZUZ , CNN STUDENT NEWS ANCHOR : Political protests in Egypt , the aftermath of an attack , and a music megastar who 's using his fame to raise awareness about a disease . All of it 's coming up in this Wednesday edition of CNN Student News . Hello , everyone . I 'm Carl Azuz . First Up : State of the Union AZUZ : The place : Washington , D.C. . The event : An annual address to the nation steeped in history , and the response to it . U.S. President Barack Obama and U.S. Representative Paul Ryan , a Republican from Wisconsin , both took to the airwaves last night . CNN Student News brings highlights tomorrow . If you wan na watch the complete speeches , CNNStudentNews.com ! You 'll find 'em in the "  In Depth " box . Click on "  State of the Union . " Now , while we 're on the subject of State of the Union , we are breaking down the history of the speech for you right now . First stop : U.S. Constitution , Article II , Section 3 . "  The president shall from time to time give to the Congress information of the state of the union and recommend to their consideration such measures as he shall judge necessary and expedient . " Now , that 's what the Constitution requires ; there are a lot of things that are traditions that are not required by the Constitution . For one , this address does not have to be annual , though a yearly speech dates back to George Washington . It does n't need to be in person . In fact , our third president , Thomas Jefferson , had the speech delivered in writing to Congress . And the State of the Union does n't need to be made at a congressional session of both Houses , though that 's what we see every year , and what we saw last night . Here 's why the State of the Union address is delivered in late January or early February : the 20th Amendment . It was ratified in 1933 , and it specifies that congressional terms start on January third and presidential terms start on January 20th . So , it 's when everyone is seated in office that the speech is given in late January or early February . A little history for ya : President Coolidge was the first president to broadcast the speech over the radio ; that was back in 1923 . His nickname was "  Silent Cal , " but he was n't silent then ! President Truman was the first on TV with the speech in 1947 . And this is around the time it started being called "  State of the Union " instead of the president 's annual message to Congress , as it was known before that . And in 2002 , President George W. Bush became the first president to deliver the speech on the web . Congresswoman 's Health AZUZ : The members of Arizona 's congressional delegation were all planning to sit together for last night 's State of the Union address . But they were going to leave one chair empty in honor of Congresswoman Gabrielle Giffords . She was one of the victims of a shooting we told you about earlier this month . She 's recovering from her injuries , and she 's getting a lot of support . CLASS , HOUSTON , TEXAS : Get well soon , Ms. Giffords ! AZUZ : Those well wishes came from students in Houston , Texas . A lot of people in that community were sending their best wishes and signing "  get well soon " cards for the Arizona representative . She was transferred to a hospital in Houston late last week . Doctors say that Giffords is doing well and showing lots of improvement , but that she has a long road ahead of her . I.D. Me TOMEKA JONES , CNN STUDENT NEWS : See if you can I.D. Me ! I 'm an African country that 's home to more than 80 million people . My national currency is the pound . I border two seas , the Mediterranean and the Red . I 'm Egypt , and my current president , Hosni Mubarak , has been in power since 1981 . Protests in Egypt AZUZ : After the nearly three decades he 's spent in power , thousands of Egyptians are calling for President Mubarak to step down . In the U.S. , presidents can only serve two terms . But in Egypt , there are no term limits . That 's one reason why Mubarak has been president for so long . But protests in the African nation are taking aim at President Mubarak and his government . This YouTube video shows a crowd of protesters moving through the streets in the Egyptian capital of Cairo . The people who organized the protests said they 're trying to catch some of the momentum for political change that they saw in the nearby country of Tunisia . That nation 's longtime leader was recently removed from power . During yesterday 's demonstrations in Egypt , protesters fought with police . Both sides were throwing rocks and tear-gas canisters at each other . Other countries , including the United States , said they were keeping a close eye on the situation . Moscow Airport Bombing AZUZ : Russian President Dmitry Medvedev says that whoever is behind Monday 's suicide bombing at Moscow 's busiest airport will be found and will be punished . The attack killed dozens of people , injured more than 150 others . And sadly , this bombing is n't an isolated incident . Over the last decade , trains and planes around Moscow have been bombed at least four times . President Medvedev said that part of the blame for Monday 's attack is on the people who were responsible for the airport 's security . RUSSIAN PRESIDENT DMITRY MEDVEDEV -LSB- TRANSLATED -RSB- : What happened at Domodedovo shows that the airport lacked security . It 's unbelievable that such a huge amount of explosives was brought into the terminal . Those officials responsible for security at Domodedovo must be punished for their decisions . This is a terror attack , a grief , a tragedy . START Treaty Ratified AZUZ : President Obama called President Medvedev yesterday to offer his condolences about the bombing . During that same call , he congratulated the Russian president on the progress toward a new Strategic Arms Reduction Treaty , or START . This would reduce the number of nuclear weapons in both the U.S. and Russia . Presidents Medvedev and Obama signed the treaty last April . Part of Russia 's parliament approved that treaty yesterday . The U.S. Senate did the same thing last month . President Obama calls the START "  the most significant arms control agreement in nearly two decades . " Shoutout JOHN LISK , CNN STUDENT NEWS : Today 's Shoutout goes out to Mrs. Sheets ' American History classes at Glades Middle School in Miramar , Florida ! What part of the human body produces insulin ? You know what to do ! Is it the : A  Liver , B  Kidneys , C  Pancreas or D  Lungs ? You 've got three seconds -- GO ! Your pancreas makes insulin , which helps control your body 's blood sugar . That 's your answer and that 's your Shoutout ! Educating Through Music AZUZ : When someone 's body has problems controlling blood sugar , it could mean the person has diabetes . The American Diabetes Association estimates that more than 23 million Americans have some form of this disease . And that includes one member of the Jonas Brothers . Dr. Sanjay Gupta shows us how he 's trying to help other people who are living with diabetes . BEGIN VIDEO DR. SANJAY GUPTA , CNN CHIEF MEDICAL CORRESPONDENT : The Jonas Brothers have been one of the most successful young acts for the past several years , having sold millions of records and entertaining audiences all over the globe . They just completed a world tour about a month ago , which took them from the United States to Argentina , Brazil , Europe and the United Arab Emirates . Now , shortly after the group signed their first recording contract , Nick , the youngest Jonas Brother , was diagnosed with Type I , or juvenile diabetes . NICK JONAS , JONAS BROTHERS : I was diagnosed in November of 2005 . So , I was about 13 . I lost 15 pounds in a total of about three weeks , which was a bit startling considering I only weighed about 105 pounds to start with . GUPTA : Nick was told his blood sugar was over 700 . A normal level is below 125 . JONAS : My commitment to myself when I was on my way to the hospital was that I would not let this slow me down . GUPTA : Nick has learned to live with his disease and has n't let it get in the way of the Jonas Brothers ' success . Two and a half years after his diagnosis , on a day when Nick says his blood sugar was a little out of control , he wrote a song about having diabetes . He says writing "  A Little Bit Longer " was therapy for him , and fans have told him it 's helped them cope as well . JONAS : I think just the fact that I can say , look , you 're just like everybody else , you can do what you want to do , and you can do it with diabetes , that 's the best thing in the world . GUPTA : Jonas says he is thankful to be able to do what he loves and uses his fame to educate people about the disease . With the Jonas Brothers Change for the Children Foundation , Nick has been raising awareness and funds for diabetes research for several years now . JONAS : What we can do financially is great and I 'm always happy to do that , but if there is something that I can do personally to inspire or encourage somebody , that means the world . END VIDEO Before We Go AZUZ : Before we go , during a timeout at a women 's college basketball game , one of the school 's officials was randomly chosen from the audience to try a half-court shot . Mr. Showoff decides he 's gon na do it backwards . There 's no way this is going to work , right ? Bam ! Nails it ! He won a set of brand new tires in the process . Now , we could n't make sense of a pun about a backwards basket . Goodbye AZUZ : I mean , we gave it a shot , but it just went over our heads . Gosh , we just never tire of this . All right , today 's sign-off line comes from Jay at Facebook.com / CNNStudentNews . Signing off for the next 23 hours and 50 minutes , this ... is ... Carl Azuz . Send us your sign-off line at Facebook.com / CNNStudentNews . I may just read it on the air . Have a great one !	Explore some of the history behind the State of the Union Learn about the reasons behind political protests in Egypt Find out which pop star is raising awareness about diabetes Use the Daily Discussion to help students understand today 's featured news stories
CNN  Canadian actor Jonathan Crombie , who co-starred in the "  Anne of Green Gables " TV movies , died this week at age 48 . Crombie died Wednesday from complications of a brain hemorrhage , "  Anne of Green Gables " producer Kevin Sullivan said . "  It 's a real tragedy to see someone at age 48 go like that , " he said . "  I will remember him as someone who worked extremely hard to make the roles he played onscreen come to life . " Based on Canadian author Lucy Maud Montgomery 's children 's books , "  Anne of Green Gables " debuted in Canada on CBC TV in 1984 and became a cultural touchstone . The plot focused on the adventures of fiery orphan Anne Shirley , played by Megan Follows , who is sent to live on a farm in Prince Edward Island . Crombie played Gilbert Blythe , who evolves over time from Anne 's pigtail-tugging tormentor to friend to husband . Follows and Crombie reprised the roles in the sequels "  Anne of Avonlea "  1987  and "  Anne of Green Gables : The Continuing Story "  2000  . The movies were carried in the United States by the Disney Channel and PBS , drawing a cult following beyond Canada and extending to Japan , which made its own animated series based on the books . Crombie , son of former Toronto Mayor David Crombie , was cast in the role at 17 , beating out other aspiring Canadian actors of the era , including Jason Priestly , Sullivan said . Despite his lack of acting experience , Crombie 's boy-next-door looks and cool demeanor made him the perfect actor to star opposite Follows , Sullivan said . "  It was an amazing chemistry between him and Megan Follows , " Sullivan said . "  There was a lot of affection , but they kind of grounded each other . " The movies spawned various spinoffs , including "  Road to Avonlea , " starring child actor Sarah Polley , and turned Anne 's fictional home on Prince Edward Island into a popular tourist destination . The role made Crombie a heartthrob of his time , a sentiment expressed by many fans in the wake of his death . As one person said on Twitter , "  I do n't know any female Canadian from my generation that * did n't * have at least a little bit of a crush on Jonathan Crombie as Gilbert . " Crombie went on to play roles in other American and Canadian TV shows , including "  21 Jump Street " and "  The Good Wife , " but even his Facebook page acknowledges he is best known for his portrayal of Gilbert Blythe . Crombie 's sister told CBC News that her brother happily answered to the name Gil when greeted by fans in public . "  I think he was really proud of being Gilbert Blythe , " she said . "  He really enjoyed that series and was happy , very proud of it -- we all were . " People we 've lost in 2015	Jonathan Crombie is best known for playing Gilbert Blythe in "  Anne of Green Gables " Book , movies about girl sent to live on Canadian farm
London  CNN  -- A landmark ruling which could change the way top-level European football matches are broadcast and sold by television companies was made on Tuesday . The European Court of Justice said that soccer fans have the right to watch sport franchises , such as the English Premier League , on a range of European broadcasters rather than solely via the rights holder designated for each national territory . The court said in a statement : "  A system of licenses for the broadcasting of football matches which grants broadcasters territorial exclusivity on a member state basis and which prohibits television viewers from watching the broadcasts with a decoder card in other member states is contrary to EU law . " Since its launch in 1992 , the Premier League has sold exclusive match rights to a small number of television networks per national territory , a business model which has seen it become one of the richest in the world -- generating an estimated $ 5.3 billion in income , according to British newspaper The Guardian . Can football chants ever go too far ? But the ruling -- in response to a long-running case by BSkyB against a British pub landlady who broadcast a Greek match feed -- now means that consumers could buy decoder boxes from satellite broadcasters from other nations , at a cheaper price , to watch the games they are interested in . BSkyB , which paid a combined $ 2.73 billion with ESPN to be the main rights owner for the Premier League in the United Kingdom , saw its share price drop 3 % on news of the statement . "  It will have implications for how rights are sold across Europe in future , which we are considering , " a Sky spokesman told CNN . "  As a broadcaster , it will remain our aim to secure high-quality content for our customers based on the rights available to us . " The ruling 's effect could be far reaching if the value of football rights were to be diminished . The large amount paid to the Premier League has seen record amounts of prize money given to top-flight English clubs such as Manchester United and Arsenal -- finance which has subsequently been used to build new stadia and attract some of the world 's best players . "  This could drive a coach and horses through Sky 's business model for broadcasting of Premier League matches , " according to Stuart Adams of intellectual property law specialist Rouse , based in London . "  There is every prospect they will find fewer people willing to pay for licenses to broadcast Premier League matches if for a little effort they can get the same pictures via a cheaper overseas feed . When the deal is re-negotiated with the Premier League it will be very interesting to see how the numbers change . "  And if they are markedly reduced , of course , that will have a direct impact on clubs ' revenues and therefore their ability to buy and pay the salaries of top talent . That in turn could lead to yet more polarization between the haves and the have-nots of the English game . " The English Premier League said it would release a statement shortly . Sanjay Nijran , a sports lawyer for Smithfield Partners based in London , told CNN it could affect future revenues for sport franchises across Europe . "  Any broadcasting rights holder that intends to license rights will be bound by this ruling , it appears they will not be able to limit exclusivity to national borders and consequently the value of these rights could be limited . They may have to look for other models , " Nijran said . "  We 're not sure but we would imagine the Premier League would possibly be considering a pan-European license to sell the same broadcasting rights to the continent . " But it could mean that football fans in Europe are able to pay less to watch the matches they want . "  Currently top-level football is sold to a host broadcaster in each European Member State , you have only one choice of provider through which to watch the match . Now , this ruling allows you to watch on the same terms as any other person across Europe , " added Nijran , who is representing suppliers of satellite television decoders over the issue . "  What this gives the consumer is choice because through increased competition they are able to choose cheaper providers . " However , the ruling could have a detrimental affect on English lower-league football , Adams told CNN , as it would circumvent the ban on Saturday afternoon matches being broadcast live -- a regulation which is supposed to protect smaller clubs . "  This would have a huge potential impact on clubs ' pricing policies as they are likely to have to reduce prices at the turnstile in order to continue to attract crowds , " Adams said . "  While this is an issue for Premier League clubs , it is likely to be much more acute for lower-league clubs who are far more at risk of reduced attendances in these circumstances . Such clubs are also more reliant on revenue generated at the turnstiles . "  If the net result of this is more football on the telly for fans to watch , and less money for clubs to lavish on the salaries of their top players , I think most of us would be overjoyed . But if we also see smaller clubs go out of business as a direct consequence , I 'm not so sure that football fans will be cheering quite so loudly . "	European court says sports fans have the right to choose how they watch matches It could have a major impact on broadcasters which hold regional licenses for TV rights England 's Premier League receives most of its money from a lucrative deal with BSkyB Lawyer says it could affect future revenues for sport franchises across Europe
White House Economic Council Director Jeff Zients pointed fingers at Congress on Thursday for not acting fast enough on cybersecurity legislation , in the wake of news that North Korea was behind the Sony Entertainment cyberattack . "  We 're doing what we can within the executive authorities of the President to do what we can across the federal government -- both protect the federal government assets and to work with the private sector -- but in order to take this to the next level we need legislation , " he said at a Politico breakfast . The Sony hack attack has breathed new life into controversial legislation often called the "  zombie bill " by opponents because of its failure to launch . The proposed cybersecurity bill is intended to help companies and the government work together to thwart hackers through increased data sharing . Senate Intelligence Committee Chairman Dianne Feinstein , D-California , said the November attack has increased urgency for the Cybersecurity Information Sharing Act , which failed to make it to the Senate floor in July , despite winning bipartisan committee support . Feinstein , who remains the committee 's top Democrat when the new Republican majority takes control in January , plans to reintroduce the measure . "  We must pass an information sharing bill as quickly as possible next year , " she said in a statement this week . Privacy advocates have opposed the legislation -- and it 's House companion -- at every turn , since it was first introduced in 2012 . They argue the bill 's broad language could breach the public 's privacy and civil liberties . "  Privacy advocates will be there to steadfastly oppose any privacy and invasive information sharing bills , " said Mark Jaycox , a legislative analyst at Electronic Frontier Foundation . Every time there is a massive public security breach , the legislation gets a new lease on life , he said , but added there are already measures in place that foster information sharing between the private sector and the government . A recent executive order issued by President Barack Obama created a program that allows companies to voluntarily share information with the Department of Homeland Security . Once a threat is deemed critical , the information would be disseminated with member companies . But Jaycox admits the government has n't done a good enough job at luring companies to join the network . Although the proposed cybersecurity bills are also voluntary for companies to participate , language has been written into the bill that shields businesses from "  frivolous lawsuits " and "  unnecessary bureaucratic obstacles , " according to Sen. Saxby Chambliss , of Georgia , the top-ranking Republican on the Senate Intelligence Committee , and co-author of the Senate measure . But privacy and civil liberties groups fear the expansive immunity for corporations will discourage companies from protecting their user 's data .	The White House hopes to build support for cybersecurity legislation in the wake of the Sony hack Lawmakers will revisit the measure when they reconvene in January Privacy advocates are concerned the legislation would give broad power to the government
CNN  -- Elisa Baker , the stepmother of 10-year-old Zahra Baker , was indicted Monday on second-degree murder charges in the girl 's death , a Catawba County , North Carolina , court clerk told CNN . Zahra was reported missing from her Hickory , North Carolina , home in October , and some of her dismembered remains were found a month later . Elisa Baker , 42 , "  desecrated the victim 's body to hinder detection , investigation and prosecution of the offense , " the indictment said . The stepmother already was charged with obstruction of justice after police said she admitted to planting a fake ransom note . She told police the girl was killed two weeks before she was reported missing , according to search warrants . "  The defendant had a history and pattern of physical , verbal and psychological abuse of the victim , " the indictment said . The indictment described Zahra as "  very young , physically infirm , or handicapped . " The girl lost part of her left leg at age 5 and lost hearing in both ears while being treated for cancer . "  The defendant took advantage of a position of trust or confidence , including a domestic relationship , to commit the offense , " the indictment said . District Attorney Jay Gaither said Monday that the state "  has no credible evidence to suggest that anyone other than Elisa Baker " was involved in the killing . Documents released after Zahra 's remains were found in November tell a grisly story . The stepmother said the disabled girl 's body was dismembered and disposed of in various locations , documents said . A search warrant dated October 27 shows police were looking for latex gloves used to dismember Zahra and trash bags used to store body parts . Hickory Chief of Police Tom Adkins called the indictment a "  milestone " in the case -- "  holding someone accountable that members of ` team Zahra ' have been working towards since the first words spoken on that 911 call " in October , reporting the girl missing . Elisa Baker was also charged last month with bigamy . She is accused of marrying the girl 's father before divorcing her previous husband , a Catawba County court official said .	NEW : Elisa Baker acted alone , DA says Zahra Baker 's dismembered remains were found a month after she was reported missing Elisa Baker "  desecrated the victim 's body " to hide the killing , the indictment says The stepmother has a history of "  physical , verbal and psychological abuse , " it says
CNN  -- U.S. Rep. Ron Paul , R-Texas , a stalwart foe of government spending , won a blowout victory Saturday in the annual Conservative Political Action Conference presidential straw poll . With participants naming "  reducing the size of federal government " as their top issue , the 74-year old libertarian hero captured 31 percent of the 2,400 votes cast in the annual contest , usually seen as a barometer of how the GOP 's conservative wing regards their potential presidential candidates . Former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney finished second with 22 percent of the vote , ending a three-year winning streak at CPAC . Former Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin finished third with 7 percent of the vote , followed by Minnesota Gov. Tim Pawlenty at 6 percent and Indiana Rep. Mike Pence at 5 percent . They were followed by former House Speaker Newt Gingrich and former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee , who tied at 4 percent . Indiana Gov. Mitch Daniels , former Pennsylvania Sen. Rick Santorum , South Dakota Sen. John Thune and Mississippi Gov. Haley Barbour rounded out the results . Five percent of participants voted for "  Other " and 6 percent was undecided . The announcement of Paul 's win , a surprise victory unlikely to have a major impact on the 2012 presidential contest , drew a volley of loud boos from the CPAC audience . That discontent could be seen in the poll results : A majority of participants said they wished the Republican Party had a better field of candidates to choose from . But Paul 's victory might be seen , in part , as a result of his support among anti-establishment Tea Party activists -- who turned out in force at this year 's conference and expressed some frustration with the Republican Party . Reflecting the college atmosphere of the annual event , young people dominated the voting : 54 percent of participants were between the ages of 18 and 25 . The poll also contained a bit of bad news for Republican National Committee Chairman Michael Steele , who made an under-the-radar appearance at CPAC late Friday . Follow on Twitter : http://twitter.com/CNNPolitics/cpac Participants were asked to rate their opinions of several top political figures , including Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell and House Minority Leader John Boehner , both of whom received a majority favorable rating . But Steele was the only Republican to garner an upside-down rating , with 44 percent giving him an unfavorable rating and 42 percent rating him favorably . The three-day meeting Saturday that has featured speeches by Republican leaders , training sessions for local political activists and a renewed purpose to stand firm behind their principles heading into the midterm elections .	U.S. Rep. Ron Paul bests the field in presidential straw poll Majority of participants wished for a better field of GOP candidates Participation by young conservatives , Tea Partiers may have buoyed Paul Party Chairman Michael Steele gets participants ' lowest approval rating
CNN  Bess Myerson , the 1945 Miss America winner who became a celebrated media personality and public servant and then was brought down by scandal , has died . She was 90 . According to a statement from the Miss America Organization , she died in Santa Monica , California , on December 14 . No cause of death was given . Myerson 's rise to fame was a classic rags-to-riches American success story : a bright Bronx girl from a housing project , the daughter of a house painter , who won the nation 's most famous beauty contest and parlayed her renown into a media career . She became a model and spokesperson and spent many years on the game show "  I 've Got a Secret . " The path to celebrity was one followed by such pageant winners as Lee Meriwether , Mary Ann Mobley , Phyllis George and Vanessa Williams . Later Myerson became part of New York 's city government , serving as both commissioner of consumer affairs and commissioner of cultural affairs . Myerson was also a role model in the Jewish community . If Jewish baseball players Hank Greenberg and Sandy Koufax were celebrated for their athletic abilities -- a response to jokes about Jews ' lack of athletic skills -- Myerson was celebrated for her role as the first  and , to this day , only  Jewish Miss America . She won her pageant title in early September 1945 just after the end of World War II , a time when the horrors of the Holocaust were just being revealed . "  Her victory was seen by many as a symbolic statement of America 's post-war rejection of the crimes and prejudices that ravaged Europe as well as a representation of the vitality of the American Jewish community , " noted a biography on the Jewish Women 's Archive site . Myerson had even been asked to change her name for the pageant -- an idea she refused . "  It was the most important decision I ever made , " she recalled . "  It told me who I was , that I was first and foremost a Jew . " It was a decision with consequences , as some Miss America sponsors refused to have her represent them . Nonetheless , the talented and intelligent Myerson -- who played the flute and piano at the pageant and used her Miss America scholarship money to pay for graduate studies at Juilliard and Columbia -- landed on her feet , becoming a popular TV personality in the '50s and '60s . Members of the Jewish community looked up to her . "  Bess Myerson was the most important female image in your life , " said a 1940s teenager quoted in Edward S. Shapiro 's "  We Are Many : Reflections On American Jewish History And Identity . " "  We did n't just know about her . We felt her . " For decades , Myerson was a well-known and beloved figure around New York . During Ed Koch 's 1977 campaign for New York mayor , she was often at his side , giving rise to rumors of a romance with the bachelor politician . "  Koch would n't have won without Bess , " Koch 's campaign strategist , David Garth , told New York magazine . But she fell short of higher office herself , losing a U.S. Senate primary in 1980 . After Koch named her to the city 's Cultural Affairs department in 1983 , she saw her name tarred by the "  Bess Mess , " a mid - '80s scandal involving a romantic affair with a married contractor and an alleged quid pro quo with the judge in his divorce trial . Myerson was eventually acquitted , but she was forced to resign her job . Moreover , other revelations about her life came to light , including another affair and a shoplifting charge . She lived out the remainder of her life quietly , devoting her energy to charitable causes . Myerson was married three times . Her first marriage , to Navy veteran Allan Wayne , ended in divorce in 1956 . She was married twice to lawyer Arnold Grant before finally divorcing him in 1971 . She is survived by a daughter .	Bess Myerson was noted Miss America winner , New York figure Myerson was later caught in a scandal Beauty queen was TV personality , public servant
The Greek parliament early Thursday narrowly adopted a new round of austerity cuts that are required for Greece to receive the next installment of a crucial international economic bailout . The final tally in the 300-member parliament was 153 votes in favor of the cuts and 128 opposed , with 18 abstentions . The cuts have provoked ire among Greeks furious about the effects of multiple rounds of belt-tightening , which have resulted in cuts to pensions and pay . They have seen unemployment soar to more than 25 % . It is Greece 's fifth year of recession . Earlier , protesters in Athens threw Molotov cocktails and police fought back with tear gas outside the parliament as lawmakers prepared to vote . As many as 70,000 people took part in the demonstration in Athens ' central Syntagma Square , outside the parliament building , according to police estimates . Analysis : Greek misery wo n't end with bailout votes Passage of the cuts was needed for the payout of the next international bailout installment of 31.5 billion euros  about $ 40.2 billion  , which the government desperately needs to stay in operation . Without the funds , it said , it would run out of money by mid-November . "  Greece has made a big , decisive , optimistic step , a step towards recovery , " Prime Minister Antonis Samaras said after the vote . "  Today we made a first important step for which I am obviously happy . " There is a second step needed before Greece can get the bailout funds : Sunday 's vote on the 2013 budget . Because it contains many of the measures from Wednesday 's vote , it is expected to pass . More than one-fifth of the population could face poverty , defined as a family of four on an income of 13,842 euros  about $ 17,500  per year , state news agency AMNA has reported . The austerity bill sets out reforms and fiscal measures worth 13.5 billion euros over the next two years . It will raise the retirement age from 65 to 67 and cut pensions on average between 5 % and 15 % . Some salaries in the public sector will be reduced by about a third , and several bonuses will be scrapped . Some judges must take a 30 % pay cut , for example . The thorniest issue is that of labor law changes . Analysis : Euro crisis opens old wounds for Greece , Germany The bill gives the government the right to set the minimum wage as of April 2013 . It also reduces the redundancy notice period -- the time given to workers to leave their jobs after being laid off -- and limits compensation for workers with more than 16 years of service , as well as allowing stores the right to ask employees to work more flexible hours . The anger in the Greek population against the latest round of cuts , which come on top of many others , runs deep . "  The measures just never stop . Every time , politicians say they are going to be the last measures ... they are never the last , " Melina Grigoriadou , a 50-year-old married businesswoman with two children , told CNN . "  There is no end in this , there 's no solution . The measures are awful -- it 's not austerity , it 's something even worse . " Although Grigoriadou works for an export company that has not cut wages , she said her family 's income has fallen by almost a third because of new taxes , higher utility bills and inflation . As she looks around in Thessaloniki , Greece 's second-largest city , she sees real poverty affecting those who 've had their incomes and pensions drastically cut , or suddenly lost their jobs . Despite paying for social security from her wages , getting a doctor 's appointment now takes months and medicines are costly , she added . What makes the hardship worse is that the international funds Greece stands to receive will not go to help create jobs or support infrastructure , Grigoriadou said , but to service its huge debt . Some critics of austerity have called for economic stimulus programs instead , like those implemented in the United States . But if Greece is to stick to the course laid out by the so-called troika -- the European Commission , the European Central Bank and the International Monetary Fund -- more budget cuts will be necessary , as the country 's debt woes are worse than previously believed . Read more : Journalist who embarrassed Greeks with ` rich list ' acquitted Recent budget projections for the Greek government exceed the worst-case scenarios drawn up by international lenders when they agreed to a bailout , according to a Financial Times report published by CNN . However , the hardship many Greek people are suffering has resulted in dogged opposition in parliament to deeper cuts , including within the ruling coalition . The Democratic Party of the Left , or DIMAR , one of three parties making up the coalition headed by Samaras , said it would abstain from the vote on the new round of austerity measures , turning in blank ballots . Still , it plans to vote Sunday to approve the government 's new budget . Samaras ' own center-right New Democracy party was expected to vote in favor of the package . Although the third coalition member -- the socialist party Pasok -- supports the cuts , individual party members came out against them . Radical leftist party Syriza , bitterly opposed to austerity and closely connected to Greek unions , called on its website for Greeks to demonstrate against the "  rape " of democracy and the dashing of the hopes of the people . Samaras warned that if the measures did n't pass , international funds would not arrive and the nation could plunge into chaos . He pushed for Greece to receive more than the 31.5 billion euros expected in the latest installment "  so that there is a significant effect on the real economy . " Greece , and particularly Athens , has seen repeated street demonstrations against the austerity measures imposed on the nation , some of which have turned violent . Read more : New debt forecasts dash Greece 's hopes	Greece 's prime minister hails a "  first important step " The second step is approval of Greece 's 2013 budget Austerity vote was 153 in favor in the 300-member parliament Passage was needed for Greece to receive the next installment of bailout funds
Washington  CNN  -- A Secret Service scandal involving agents who hired prostitutes in Colombia did not harm presidential security , according to an investigation conducted by the acting inspector general for the Department of Homeland Security . "  Although we found that these agents engaged in misconduct , our investigation developed no evidence to suggest that the actions of USSS  U.S. Secret Service  personnel in Cartagena compromised the safety and security of the president or any sensitive information during this trip , " Charles Edwards wrote to House and Senate members concerned about the matter . The findings support previous statements by the Secret Service that the actions of some agents who were in Colombia in advance of President Barack Obama 's arrival for an April trip did not endanger the president . Edwards said he does not plan to make the report public -- in accordance with his office 's policy . But he provided some of the results . Six women received money . As was previously known , an agent refused to pay one of the women who summoned a police officer . Another agent ended up paying the woman . Four women asked for money but did not receive any , while three others sought no payment . Prostitution is legal in Colombia . But the news that some Secret Service agents were drinking heavily and taking prostitutes back to their hotel rooms raised security concerns and tarnished the reputation of the agency charged with protecting the president . Edwards ' letter also raised the possibility that two others involved in presidential trip preparations may have "  had contact with foreign nationals . " "  Although allegations related to the non-USSS  U.S. Secret Service  personnel were outside the scope of the investigation , one of these employees is a Department of Defense employee affiliated with the White House Communication Agency and the other , whose employment status was not verified , may have been affiliated with the White House advance operation , " Edwards wrote to House and Senate members interested in the matter . Edwards said a hotel registry led investigators to suspect the two might have come into contact with foreign nationals . He wrote to members of Congress that the IG 's mandate was just to look into the actions of the Secret Service so there was no further investigation . Republican Sen. Susan Collins of Maine issued a statement saying she was "  troubled that the IG 's findings reveal White House personnel may have been involved . " She said the White House press secretary said on April 23 that a review by its counsel 's office concluded there were "  no credible allegations of misconduct by anyone on the White House advance team or the White House staff . " "  This raises concerns about the credibility of the White House investigation , " said Collins , the ranking Republican on the Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs committee . The White House denied staffers were involved in the incidents involving prostitutes . "  As we 've said for months , the White House review concluded that no members of the White House advance team , either staff or volunteers , engaged in inappropriate conduct during the President 's trip to Colombia , ' said spokesman Eric Schultz . A senior administration official said inaccurate hotel records implicated a volunteer working for White House advance . The White House review determined the volunteer "  did not engage in any inappropriate behavior , " the official said . According to an August report by U.S. Southern Command , a total of 12 service members brought prostitutes to hotel rooms prior to the Obama trip . Seven U.S. Army soldiers and two Marines were notified they would receive what the military calls "  non-judicial punishment " for misconduct . A member of the Air Force got a letter of reprimand . The miltary said at the time it was continuing the investigation into the role of two members of the Navy in the scandal . Thirteen Secret Service Agents were implicated in the prostitution scandal , including one who self-reported . Nine agents left their jobs or are in the process of being terminated . Four agents were cleared and returned to duty . CNN 's Lesa Jansen , Adam Levine and Mike Mount contributed to this report	Homeland Security acting inspector general issues report He looked at prostitution scandal involving Secret Service agents Incident did not compromise security , report finds
CNN  -- Russia will not cede control of the Crimea any time soon . Western saber-rattling would prove hollow : NATO has insufficient forces in the region to challenge Russian control and economic sanctions are not likely to work . Paranoia about Western threats to its security incline Russians to endure great costs to assert the "  sphere of privileged interest " Vladimir Putin claims regarding former Soviet Republics now outside the Russian Federation . Near term , Russia holds the cards . It supplies Europe with about 30 % of its natural gas , or 8 % of its energy overall . While that gas can be replaced , Europe ca n't change course overnight . Europe has substantial shale deposits that France , Germany and several others have chosen not to develop . Exploiting shale deposits , building more nuclear plants and solar facilities , importing more oil and gas from North America and the Middle East , and building infrastructure to effectively deploy those resources would take several years . Longer term , Russia has much more to lose . Since the end of the Cold War , Russia has become acutely dependent on Western markets to drive its economy , but it has not fundamentally modernized its industries or its geopolitical thinking about the West . Oil and gas account for roughly 70 % of Russian exports , and it sends the West significant amounts of aluminum and other metals . But Russia 's manufacturing sector as a whole remains profoundly inefficient and uncompetitive , and the country relies on the West for sophisticated financial services and a broad range of technology and consumer products . Crony capitalism and the dominance of billionaire oligarchs squeeze out small entrepreneurs that drive so much innovation and progress in the West . The Russian Federation depends on the petroleum industry for 50 % of its revenue . If Europe finds substitutes for its oil and gas , Russia simply would not be able to pay for the Western products it has become accustomed to buying . Moscow wo n't be able to finance its military and foreign adventures , or pay for the extensive patronage system that has kept Vladimir Putin in power since 1999 . The oligarchs would be a lot poorer and much less able to enjoy penthouses in New York and ski retreats in Colorado . However , most Russians would rather risk becoming much poorer than relent to U.S. and European pressures , because of their ingrained fears about Western threats to their security . With or without Putin at the helm , the West should not anchor policy on false notions it can change Moscow 's thinking about the Ukraine or other former Soviet states by reasoning with its leaders or with threats to freeze assets , cut off trade and the like . Unless the West can impose significant costs on Russia for its aggressive policies , reduce Europe 's vulnerability to a natural gas embargo and curtail Moscow 's financial resources , it can count on Russia asserting military power when its leaders perceive threats to Russian interests in neighboring states . Joint efforts with the Europeans are essential . An across-the-board U.S.-European freeze on assets would be foolhardy . Russia could easily retaliate against U.S. and European investments in petroleum , autos , banking , and other sectors . However , targeted visa restrictions on travel to the United States and Europe , and limited freezes on access to the bank accounts and real estate assets , for the Russian political and military leaders responsible for the Crimean invasion would send a clear and poignant message . Europeans should move quickly and decisively to develop their own natural gas and other alternatives . Eliminating dependence on Russian gas might not end Russia 's paranoia -- in fact it could feed it -- but it would at least deprive Moscow of its ability to threaten Europeans with embargoes and neighboring states with military actions . Russians could try to sell more natural gas in Asia , but those prospects are limited . Already , Russian oil producers simply burn off huge amounts of gas they ca n't sell in Europe . The United States should not quickly volunteer to send Europe liquefied natural gas . France , Germany and several other European countries have shunned the environmental risks of developing shale gas and nuclear power . The United States should insist Europeans share the environmental risks The high cost of liquefying and shipping U.S. gas to Europe requires that Europe also develop its own resources to fully unyoke itself from dependence on Russia and limit their strategic vulnerability . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Peter Morici .	Peter Morici : Russia will not cede control of the Crimea any time soon Morici : Near time , Russia has upper hand since it supplies Europe with energy He says Europe must move quickly to develop its own gas and oil industries Morici : Russia 's aggressive policies wo n't go away unless Europe gets more leverage
Looking pale , thin and emotional , Gilad Shalit was reunited with his family Tuesday after more than five years in captivity . Now he faces what is likely to be a bewildering few days , weeks and months as he readjusts to a life of liberty . While no one yet knows exactly what he went through , other captives ' experiences give an insight into his likely state of mind -- and suggest that although he has his freedom , other challenges lie ahead . Only 19 at the time of his capture in June 2006 , Shalit was known to few outside his circle of family , friends and fellow soldiers . But after years spent in virtual isolation , he has been thrust into the limelight and faces a barrage of media attention . Speaking to Egyptian television shortly after his release , Shalit said he had missed his family and friends . "  I missed interacting with normal people , " he told the interviewer . A few details emerged later as his father , Noam Shalit , addressed the throng of reporters gathered outside the family 's home in northern Israel . His son felt good , he said , but was suffering the effects of small shrapnel wounds received long ago but never properly treated , as well as a lack of sunlight . While Gilad was very happy to be home , it was difficult for him to be exposed to so many people after so long in isolation , unable to speak to anyone in his own language , Noam Shalit said . "  He basically came out of a dark hole , a dark basement , and came out of that to this great crowd , " he said , adding that it must have been amazing for his son to see such a show of support from their village and the country . The family had greeted Gilad with big hugs , he said , but so far they had had little chance to do more than eat together in what had been an exhausting day . "  He said in the beginning the conditions were difficult and he was n't particularly well treated , but more recently things improved , " he said of his son , adding that he was sure the family would learn more over time . David Senesh , an Israeli clinical psychologist and former prisoner of war based near Tel Aviv , told CNN that Shalit may continue to feel isolated despite being back among loved ones . "  I think the most difficult thing he will have to cope with is that he has been going through an experience that is very difficult to communicate , to explain to the ordinary person , " he said . But Senesh said it was a good sign that Shalit had expressed a wish to talk about his ordeal . "  That will help his readjustment as long as it comes from him and is not solicited by the media or other people , " he said . Senesh , who was held for 40 days in an Egyptian jail following the Yom Kippur War in 1973 , said his own experience was made easier by being held with fellow prisoners and , on his release , returning to the familiarity of his army unit . But Shalit has been kept in virtual isolation . And his long captivity has not only affected him but also the family members who have "  gone through hell " by extension , as they feared for his safety and fought for his freedom , Senesh said . "  It will be difficult to adjust to normal life . He will have to find out what it is because it 's not what he left five years ago . It 's a completely different life , different family , " Senesh said . "  Everybody is involved with the trauma . " He suggests that what Shalit will most need is time and a period of peace and privacy to come to terms with what he has experienced . But unlike some prisoners of war in previous decades , Shalit will not have to deal with the trauma alone . Israel has many professionals who can provide support and advice based on the experiences of others who have been held captive , Senesh said , and there is an enormous desire in Israel to see him recover fully . While little is known about Shalit 's day-to-day conditions , the fact he appears healthy -- if thin and wan -- is promising , said Walter Busuttil , a physician and retired Royal Air Force wing commander who was part of a clinical team that rehabilitated British hostages released from Lebanon in 1991 , among them Terry Waite , a former envoy to the archbishop of Canterbury . But medical professionals will need to monitor Shalit 's sleep and weight patterns for signs he is suffering post-traumatic stress disorder , said Busuttil , now medical director for the British veterans ' charity Combat Stress . If he was blindfolded or had disrupted sleep or irregular meals during his captivity , Shalit will need to adjust , Busuttil said . Weight loss can also be an indicator of other ill treatment , he added . The soldier 's youth may have been a disadvantage , he said , as evidence shows the young and old are more vulnerable to developing PTSD . But if those around him are vigilant , any lasting effects can be mitigated . "  The other thing that is important is to make him feel in control , " he said . "  What we did with the Beirut hostages was give them a watch . It was probably the first thing taken away from him -- and it would be one of the first things I 'd give back , to give him a time reference for day or night . " It would be better if Shalit were kept away from the media for a few days , Busuttil said , in order for him to adjust before speaking publicly . Shalit may also feel a sense of dissociation after being kept in virtual isolation , he warned . While in captivity , Shalit had access some of the time to newspapers and to a radio , according to Brig. Gen. Yoav Mordechai , a spokesman for the Israel Defense Forces , but he was a young , apparently shy man cut off from all who knew him . Nothing is yet known of the personal resources Shalit found to keep hope alive during the years he was held by Hamas . But he may have found some comfort in the assurances given by Israel 's military that it will always do its utmost to secure the return of its soldiers . "  The principle of returning POWs , MIAs , kidnapped and fallen IDF personnel has been sacrosanct since the IDF 's inception in 1948 , " the Israel Ministry of Foreign Affairs website says . "  The IDF does all in its power to locate its captured personnel and free them . " Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu reiterated that commitment in his remarks after Shalit 's release . Referring to his own military service , Netanyahu said : "  I always knew that if I or one of my comrades fell captive , the government of Israel would do its utmost to return us home , and as prime minister , I have now carried this out . As a leader who daily sends out soldiers to defend Israeli citizens , I believe that mutual responsibility is no mere slogan -- it is a cornerstone of our existence here . " James Welsh , a researcher on health and detention for Amnesty International , told CNN there was good reason to be hopeful for Shalit 's future well-being now he was back home . "  We should n't underestimate people 's resilience , " he said . "  There 's a tendency to look on the gloomy side when we hear about people being released , but people do have amazing resources , so they can survive things quite well . " Of course , Shalit is not alone in celebrating his freedom Tuesday . The 477 Palestinian prisoners released by Israel in exchange for Shalit were also reunited with family and friends -- many of them after long periods in detention . Hundreds more will be released in a second stage later this year . While the circumstances are not the same , those prisoners -- including hundreds serving life sentences for attacks on Israelis -- will also face a significant period of adjustment after their rapturous reception by tens of thousands of supporters in Gaza and elsewhere . Hamas official Hassan Youssef welcomed their release , but said it was not enough . "  We are all shedding two tears : One tear for the release of all of our fighters , and a tear of pain for all of our brothers still in prison , " he said . Shalit 's father , Noam , also reflected on the pain felt by Israelis who have watched those convicted of attacks on their loved ones leave jail early . Roxana Saberi , an Iranian-American journalist who was released four months into an eight-year jail term after being convicted of spying in Iran , offered some advice to freed American hikers Shane Bauer and Josh Fattal last month that may also be of use to Shalit as he seeks to make sense of his new reality . She urged them not to rush things , telling CNN : "  I hope that they are able to adapt well in this new part of their life and perhaps learned lessons in prison that can help them when they 're free . "  I would tell them to take their time and not feel pressured to make decisions . This is their time . It 's theirs again . "	Shalit 's father says his son suffers the effects of old injuries but is happy to be home Hamas abducted Israeli soldier Gilad Shalit in June 2006 Experts say he will need to be monitored for signs of post-traumatic stress disorder Israel released 477 Palestinian prisoners , with more to be freed in a second stage
Rome  CNN  -- U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , meeting with allies , kept up pressure on Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi Thursday , demanding that he "  cease attacks and the threat of attacks " against rebels who oppose his rule . Gadhafi must withdraw all forces from rebel cities they have entered , restore services to those cities , and allow humanitarian aid in , Clinton insisted . U.S. and NATO bombing of his forces will continue until he meets the terms , she said . "  As long as Gadhafi continues to attack his citizens , we will continue to strike his forces , " she said . "  It is time for the violence to end . It is time for Gadhafi to go . It is time for a democratic transition to begin , " she said . The United States is also looking into ways to help the rebels financially , including seizing Gadhafi assets and using them to aid Libya 's people , and helping the Transitional National Council to sell oil , Clinton said . Clinton was speaking in Rome , where international powers held their second high-level meeting on the Libyan crisis . The Libyan government , according to state TV , said financing the rebels from frozen assets would be equivalent to theft . Congress is being consulted on the possible use of a portion of the $ 30 billion in assets , two senior State Department officials said . It was not clear whether any of the money would go directly to the opposition government . European Union High Representative Catherine Ashton said the Rome meeting "  underlined the international community 's unity and determination to bring the Libyan crisis to a quick and satisfactory conclusion . With the humanitarian situation deteriorating , time is of the essence . Gadhafi must end his attacks against his own people and respect human rights . " Also Thursday , the International Organization for Migration said it was suspending its passenger ships between the two rebel towns of Benghazi and Misrata after Gadhafi forces shelled the port in Misrata Wednesday , killing at least five people . IOM media director Jean Philippe Chauzy said operations would be suspended until the organization puts in place a "  better evacuation plan . " The IOM never again wants to experience what happened on Wednesday , he said . No one was injured on the IOM-chartered boat in Misrata at the time of the shelling , the agency said . Medecins Sans Frontieres , the international medical humanitarian group  known as Doctors Without Borders in English  , said a 22-member team is delivering surgical and medical care to the wounded at two hospitals and a clinic . The organization has donated more than 25 tons of medicine and medical equipment , it said in a statement Thursday . Rebels , meanwhile , told CNN that they have taken the southern city of al-Koufra , with Gadhafi forces gone except for a small group on its western edge . The two sides have exchanged control over al-Koufra over the past two months . CNN could not independently verify the claim . Meanwhile , British Foreign Secretary William Hague ordered two Libyan diplomats to leave the country for "  actions contrary to the interests of the UK , " the Foreign Office announced Thursday . He gave them a week to get out , starting Wednesday , the Foreign Office statement said . The British Ministry of Defence and NATO said Thursday their forces had been engaging Gadhafi 's troops over the past several days , destroying ammunition dumps , surface-to-air batteries , and other targets . As for the Rome meeting , Hague said the international community is "  resolved to continue to take action " on Libya , and "  more countries took part and reiterated that Gadhafi should go . " Participants also agreed to help the Transitional National Council with short term financial support with the establishment of the Temporary Financial Mechanism , which was suggested in the first meeting in Doha , Qatar , according to a statement released at the conclusion of the talks . The diplomatic and military moves came soon after the chief prosecutor for the International Criminal Court said in a report there are "  reasonable grounds to believe that crimes against humanity have been committed and continue being committed in Libya . " The report highlighted the alleged commission of rape by Gadhafi 's government , as well as the deportation or forcible transfer of citizens during the civil war that continues to rage in that country . It also noted war crimes , including intentionally directing attacks against civilians not participating in the fighting . ICC Prosecutor Luis Moreno-Ocampo issued a statement saying he will soon request arrest warrants against three individuals who are "  most responsible for the crimes committed . " The individuals were not named . It is not clear if he plans to file charges against anyone on the rebel side , though the report mentioned "  alleged war crimes as well as other crimes against humanity " appear to have been committed by "  different parties . " He warned when he opened the probe two months ago that the rebels are subject to international law just as Gadhafi 's forces are . This is the first time the International Criminal Court has begun investigating possible crimes against humanity as they were occurring in wartime , Moreno-Ocampo said . U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon , on a visit to Bulgaria , said , "  I fully support the principle that whoever and whenever there is violation of human rights and international humanitarian law , those people should be accountable and go to justice . " NATO began bombing Libya on March 19 , after the U.N. Security Council approved a resolution authorizing any means necessary , short of invasion , to protect civilians demanding the end of Gadhafi 's nearly 42-year rule . CNN 's Elise Labott , Amir Ahmed , Carol Jordan , Mitra Mobasherat and Atika Shubert contributed to this report .	NEW : Libyan government says use of its assets would be theft Rebels claim they have retaken southern city The U.S. considers seizing Gadhafi funds to help Libya 's people The International Organization for Migration suspends ships after Misrata is shelled
China is building an island in the South China Sea that could accommodate the country 's first airstrip in bitterly contested waters , according to satellite images analyzed by IHS Jane 's Defence Weekly . Reclamation at Fiery Cross Reef on the western edge of the disputed Spratly islands is creating a land mass that is more than 3,000 meters  2 miles  long and between 200 to 300 meters  650 to 980 feet  wide -- large enough to construct a runway and apron , the publication said . The South China Sea is the subject of numerous rival -- often messy -- territorial claims , with China , Brunei , Malaysia , the Philippines , Taiwan and Vietnam disputing sovereignty of several island chains and nearby waters . The areas in dispute include fertile fishing grounds and potentially rich reserves of undersea natural resources . Jane 's said that Malaysia , the Philippines and Taiwan had built airfields on reefs and islands in the contested waters . "  The work at Fiery Cross thus brings parity but is likely to cause alarm among the other claimants , " the report said . "  Given its massive military advantage over the other claimants in terms of quantity and quality of materiel , this facility appears purpose-built to coerce other claimants into relinquishing their claims and possessions , or at least provide China with a much stronger negotiating position if talks over the dispute were ever held . " The report said that dredgers were creating a harbor large enough to receive tankers and warships . Construction ` legitimate ' But Maj. General Luo Yuan of China 's People 's Liberation Army  PLA  told the state-run Global Times that construction was justifiable and that the infrastructure would improve the living standards of soldiers stationed there . "  The construction and maintenance of facilities and other activities we conducted on these islands are within our sovereign rights and they are legitimate , " he added . At a briefing on Monday , Hua Chunying , China 's Foreign Ministry spokesperson , said that China has "  indisputable sovereignty " over the islands in the South China Sea and said the construction would help in case of search and rescue efforts . China 's stance on maritime disputes has put it at odds with many of its smaller neighbors . Earlier this year , it moved an oil rig near the disputed Paracel Islands triggering anti-Chinese riots in Vietnam . Relations have also soured with the Philippines . On Monday , a Philippines court convicted nine Chinese fishermen of poaching hundreds of endangered giant sea turtles from a disputed shoal in the South China Sea . They were each fined nearly $ 103,000 but face no jail term . Diplomatic initiatives The United States has supported efforts by regional group ASEAN to draw up a code of conduct to defuse maritime disputes , but China has said it prefers to deal with the issue bilaterally . On Friday , a Pentagon spokesman told Agence France-Presse  AFP  that the U.S. wanted China to stop its land reclamation program and engage in diplomatic initiatives . In a speech at the G20 summit earlier this month , President Barack Obama said the U.S. planned to deepen its diplomatic and military engagement in Asia and would work to ensure that big nations do n't "  bully the small . " An editorial posted in the Global Times , said that Vietnam , the Philippines and the U.S. should "  get used " to China 's island construction and its more frequent presence in the seas .	Jane 's Defence Weekly : China building island in the South China Sea that could accommodate airstrip . Waters are bitterly contested by Vietnam , Philippines and other countries in the region . Report says land mass is more than 3,000 meters long and a harbor is also being built . China says that construction is legitimate , will improve soldiers ' living standards .
Miami , Florida  CNN  -- He wanted to sit outside for a while and enjoy the night air , then took a shower and curled up on the couch to watch a cartoon movie . A boring night by many teenagers ' standards . But 15-year-old Michael Brewer , who suffered burns over 65 percent of his body in October -- allegedly at the hands of a group of youths he knew -- reveled in it , his mother told reporters Wednesday . Being out of a hospital burn unit , she said , was "  the only thing he wanted for Christmas . " "  He 's really looking forward to spending Christmas with his family , " Valerie Brewer said of her son , who was released from the University of Miami 's Jackson Memorial Hospital Burn Center on Tuesday . "  We hope everybody has as wonderful a Christmas as we 're going to have . " Three teens -- Denver Jarvis and Matthew Bent , both 15 , and Jesus Mendez , 16 -- are accused of being in a group that poured alcohol over Brewer and set him ablaze October 12 in what police said was a dispute over $ 40 , a video game and a bicycle . All three teens are charged as adults with one count of attempted murder . Each has pleaded not guilty . If convicted , each could face a sentence of up to 30 years in prison . The family did not return to their Deerfield Beach , Florida , home , and does not plan to , Valerie Brewer said . Instead , they went to "  a safe place " -- both so they can have privacy and so Michael Brewer can feel secure . "  He does n't feel safe going back to the neighborhood , " she said . "  The families of the boys live within five blocks of us . He does fear for his life going back there . ... He does n't want to go back and I do n't blame him . We 're looking forward to moving on and having some peace . " She told CNN in an interview later Wednesday the family is looking for another home . Brewer , who suffered second - and third-degree burns over about two-thirds of his body , has "  a long road ahead of him , " Dr. Louis Pizano , associate director of the burn center , said Wednesday . He faces hours of physical therapy five days a week , Pizano said -- a painful process both because of the burns and because of muscle atrophy resulting from the recovery process . Therapists are working to help him walk more easily and regain a range of motion in his arms and legs , Pizano said . Doctors are hopeful Brewer will not require any more skin grafts , he said . Valerie Brewer told CNN in a later interview Wednesday that her son managed to shower "  all by himself " Tuesday night . Showers can be excruciating for him , she said , as it hurts when the soap and water hit his open wounds . Plus , she said , he must take a piece of gauze and wipe his wounds to get any dead skin off . "  He 's very courageous for doing it by himself . " Besides his painful treatment and recovery , Brewer suffered an emotional toll , his mother said . "  He really does n't talk about it with me or with his father , " Valerie Brewer said . "  He talks to the therapists about it because he does n't want to upset us . " He takes medication to help with night terrors , she told CNN , but "  he wakes up every night with nightmares . " She said she sleeps about three or four hours a night , depending on how many times her son wakes up in pain or with a nightmare . Detectives say eyewitnesses told them that Mendez used a lighter to set fire to Brewer after Jarvis poured alcohol over him . Bent allegedly encouraged the attack , police said . Brewer jumped into a pool at his apartment complex to put out the flames . Authorities have said Mendez admitted setting Brewer on fire . According to an arrest transcript , the boy said he made a "  bad decision . " Pizano said Wednesday he would have predicted a six-moth hospital stay for Brewer . While he said it is "  miraculous " that Brewer was released in two months , "  the reason why he 's home so early is because of him . " He said Brewer did everything he needed to do , a formidable task even for an injured adult . "  He followed everything to the T , and he got home early . " Brewer will be home-schooled for the rest of this year and possibly next to allow his recovery to progress , Valerie Brewer said . "  He never gave up on anything , " she said . "  He got a little depressed once in a while -- anybody would , going through this kind of situation -- but his will to live is just unbelievable , and to move on and live a happy , normal life . " She told CNN , "  He 's such inspiration to me . Seeing him go through this -- I know the rest of his life , he 's going to have challenges , but nothing is going to ever amount to what he has gone through now , and what he 's going to go through for the next several months . "	Michael Brewer , 15 , was severely burned in October , allegedly by teens he knew Getting out of hospital was "  the only thing he wanted for Christmas , " his mom says Brewer family to spend holiday at "  a safe place , " not their old home Doctors credit Brewer 's "  miraculous " recovery to his determination , spirit
A respiratory virus is sending hundreds of children to hospitals throughout the Midwest and beyond , health officials say . The unusually high number of hospitalizations reported could be "  just the tip of the iceberg in terms of severe cases , " said Mark Pallansch , a virologist and director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention 's Division of Viral Diseases . Twelve states have contacted the CDC for assistance in investigating clusters of enterovirus : Alabama , Colorado , Michigan , Georgia , Ohio , Iowa , Illinois , Missouri , Kansas , Oklahoma , Kentucky and Utah . Four -- Colorado , Illinois , Missouri and Iowa -- have confirmed cases of Enterovirus D68 , also known as EV-D68 . What is Enterovirus EV-D68 ? At a news briefing Monday , the CDC confirmed that samples it tested from children who had been hospitalized in Illinois and in Kansas City , Missouri , did show signs of the EV-D68 virus , meaning there is a possible regional outbreak . The Iowa Department of Public Health confirmed that EV-D68 cases have been identified in Iowa . Officials are hearing of illnesses across the state , they say , though there is not a firm count of how many people have been infected . Dr. Christine Nyquist , medical director of infection control at Children 's Hospital Colorado , said the hospital sent around 25 samples to the CDC from patients with respiratory illness . Around 75 % were confirmed to be EV-D68 . The hospital has seen a 12 % to 15 % increase in emergency room visits and admissions this month compared with the same time frame last year , she said . Enteroviruses , which bring on symptoms like a very intense cold , are n't unusual . "  It 's important to remember that these infections are very common , " said Dr. Anne Schuchat . Schuchat is the assistant surgeon general for the U.S. Public Health Service and the director of the National Center for Immunization and Respiratory Diseases . When you have a bad summer cold , often what you have is an enterovirus . The CDC estimates there are 10 to 15 million viral infections each year in the United States . The season often hits its peak in September . This particular type of enterovirus -- EV-D68 -- is uncommon but not new . It was identified in the 1960s , and there have been fewer than 100 reported cases since that time . But it 's possible that the relatively low number of reports might be because EV-D68 is hard to identify . "  It 's one that we do n't know as much about as we would like , " Schuchat said . EV-D68 was seen last year in the United States and this year in various parts of the world . Over the years , clusters have been reported in Georgia , Pennsylvania , Arizona and various countries including the Philippines , Japan and the Netherlands . The reason health officials are concerned this year is that there have been so many hospitalizations . "  That 's the scary part -- the unpredictability , I think , " Nyquist said . What parents should know about EV-D68 Missouri The virus has sent more than 30 children a day to a Kansas City , Missouri , hospital , where about 15 % of the youngsters were placed in intensive care , officials said . In Kansas City , about 475 children were recently treated at Children 's Mercy Hospital , and at least 60 of them received intensive hospitalization , spokesman Jake Jacobson said . "  It 's worse in terms of scope of critically ill children who require intensive care . I would call it unprecedented . I 've practiced for 30 years in pediatrics , and I 've never seen anything quite like this , " said Dr. Mary Anne Jackson , the hospital 's division director for infectious diseases . "  We 've had to mobilize other providers , doctors , nurses . It 's big , " she said . The Kansas City hospital treats 90 % of that area 's ill children . Staff members noticed an initial spike on August 15 , Jackson said . "  It could have taken off right after school started . Our students start back around August 17 , and I think it blew up at that point , " Jackson said . "  Our peak appears to be between the 21st and the 30th of August . We 've seen some leveling of cases at this point . " An analysis by the CDC showed at least 30 of the Kansas City children tested positive for EV-D68 , according to the Missouri Department of Health and Senior Services . Vaccines for EV-D68 are n't currently available , and there is no specific treatment for infections , the Missouri agency said . "  Many infections will be mild and self-limited , requiring only symptomatic treatment , " it said . "  Some people with several respiratory illness caused by EV-D68 may need to be hospitalized and receive intensive supportive therapy . " Some cases of the virus might contribute to death , but none of the Missouri cases resulted in death , and no data are available for overall morbidity and mortality from the virus in the United States , the agency said . "  It 's not usually fatal , thank God for that , " Schuchat said . "  But I 'm not sure why it 's infecting so many kids as opposed to so many people . " Symptoms include coughing , difficulty breathing and rash . Sometimes they can be accompanied by fever or wheezing . The majority of the children who have been hospitalized with the virus , at least on the samples the CDC tested , did have asthma to start with . The virus made their symptoms worse . "  We want parents to know that it 's important to make sure your children with asthma are on their medicines and keeping up with their medication routine , " Schuchat said . Jackson said physicians in other Midwest states reported cases with similar symptoms . "  The full scope is yet to be known , but it would appear it 's in the Midwest . In our community , meticulous hand-washing is not happening . It 's just the nature of kids , " Jackson said . Colorado Denver also is seeing a spike in respiratory illnesses resembling the virus , CNN affiliate KUSA said . More than 900 children have gone to Children 's Hospital Colorado emergency and urgent care locations since August 18 for treatment of severe respiratory illnesses , including enterovirus and viral infections , hospital spokeswoman Melissa Vizcarra said . Of those , 86 have been sick enough to be admitted to the Aurora facility . And Rocky Mountain Hospital for Children had five children in intensive care and 20 more in the pediatric unit , KUSA said last week . "  This is the worst I 've seen in my time here at Rocky Mountain Hospital for Children , " Dr. Raju Meyeppan told the outlet . "  We 're going to have a pretty busy winter at this institution and throughout the hospitals of Denver . " Will Cornejo , 13 , was among the children in intensive care at Rocky Mountain Hospital for Children after he came down with a cold last weekend and then woke up Tuesday night with an asthma attack that could n't be controlled with his medicine albuterol . His mother , Jennifer , called 911 when her son 's breathing became shallow , and her son was airlifted to the Denver hospital , she told KUSA . Her son was put on a breathing tube for 24 hours . "  It was like nothing we 've ever seen , " Jennifer Cornejo told KUSA . "  He was unresponsive . He was laying on the couch . He could n't speak to me . He was turning white , and his lips turned blue . "  We 're having a hard time believing that it really happened , " she added . "  We 're much better now because he is breathing on his own . We 're on the mend . " Risk of infection In East Columbus , Ohio , Nationwide Children 's Hospital saw a 20 % increase in patients with respiratory illnesses last weekend , and Dr. Dennis Cunningham said patient samples are being tested to determine whether EV-D68 is behind the spike , CNN affiliate WTTE rep Blessing Hospital in Quincy , Illinois , saw more than 70 children with respiratory issues last weekend , and seven of them were admitted , CNN affiliate WGEM reported . The hospital 's Dr. Robert Merrick believes that the same virus that hit Kansas City is causing the rash of illnesses seen at the Quincy and Hannibal hospitals , which both imposed restrictions this week on children visiting patients , the affiliate said . "  Mostly we 're concerned about them bringing it in to a vulnerable patient . We do n't feel that the hospital is more dangerous to any other person at this time , " Merrick told WGEM . Like other enteroviruses , EV-D68 appears to spread through close contact with infected people , the agency said . "  Unlike the majority of enteroviruses that cause a clinical disease manifesting as a mild upper respiratory illness , febrile rash illness , or neurologic illness  such as aseptic meningitis and encephalitis  , EV-D68 has been associated almost exclusively with respiratory disease , " the Missouri health agency said . Clusters of the virus have struck Asia , Europe and the United States from 2008 to 2010 , and the infection caused relatively mild to severe illness , with some intensive care and mechanical ventilation , the health agency said . To reduce the risk of infection , individuals should wash hands often with soap and water for 20 seconds , especially after changing diapers ; avoid touching eyes , nose and mouth with unwashed hands ; avoid kissing , hugging and sharing cups or eating utensils with people who are sick ; disinfect frequently touched surfaces such as toys and doorknobs ; and stay home when feeling sick , the Missouri agency said . Rare outbreak in Tokyo as WHO warns of spread of dengue fever Sierra Leone plans nationwide lockdown to stop spread of Ebola	Iowa , Colorado , Missouri and Illinois have confirmed EV-D68 cases Missouri doctor calls situation "  unprecedented " in terms of kids in intensive care About 475 children were recently treated at one Kansas City hospital Enterovirus EV-D68 causes respiratory illnesses like a cold , only worse
London  CNN  -- It 's not just any old talent show , it 's an institution -- an annual event that attracts an estimated global audience of 125 million . But to the uninitiated , the Eurovision Song Contest can seem a mystifying cultural anomaly . Each year , this relic of the post-war era inspires scores of camped-up performers to perform even camper songs in a self-conscious display of continental unity . But do n't let that put you off . From Sweden to Spain , Portugal to Poland , the show gathers an ever more devoted following each year -- and 125 million people ca n't all be wrong , can they ? So , if you have n't seen it -- and do n't know the first thing about what you 're missing -- keep reading . Forgettable song , memorable outfit : The crazy clothes of Eurovision Who competes ? Forget the "  Euro - " prefix . Contestants can come from any member country of the European Broadcasting Union  EBU  which includes numerous non-European nations . Bizarrely enough , the boundaries of the EBU are determined by the catchment area of telegraphy cables built in the 19th and 20th centuries , extending to Israel , Armenia , Morocco and , let 's not forget , Azerbaijan . Melodifestivalen : Sweden 's not-so-guilty Eurovision pleasure Why ? Contrary to popular belief , the Eurovision Song Contest was not forged in the flames of international unity . According to Dr Karen Fricker , co-director of the Eurovision Research Network , the contest was set up for the practical purpose of testing the scope of new broadcast technology in the 1950s . "  The whole gloss we put on it that it 's about uniting Europe is actually a misrepresentation , " she said . "  Eurovision was set up not to unite Europe in song , but to test the latest broadcast technology , " she said . "  The EBU needed content so thought , ` Let 's create a song contest , ' " she said . The contest caught on , and has endured as a reliable ratings hit for the broadcasters of participating nations . So who chooses the acts ? The EBU is made up of broadcasters , not governments , and each year it is up to the participating broadcaster from each country to submit one act chosen through their own selection process . The prospect of a ready-made domestic audience and a studio full of premium-rate phone lines often proves an irresistible draw to broadcasters , many of whom conduct their selection through a national public telephone voting contest . In fact , some countries ' national finals produce a greater public frenzy than Eurovision itself . In Sweden , Melodifestivalen  literally , Melody Festival  is the biggest entertainment event of the year , with 32 songs competing in stadia around the country to become the nation 's Eurovision entry . Then what ? Since the early 1990s there have been more countries eager to compete in the contest than would be sensible to include on one already marathon TV show . This prompted a wave of convoluted screening processes -- most of them short-lived -- until the EBU began broadcasting semi-finals in 2008 . The semi-finals are conducted along the same lines as the final  more on that later  , except there 's two of them . Each country performs their song and is judged by all the other countries in their semi-final group . Unlike the final , however , the tally of votes won is kept under wraps , with the successful qualifiers simply announced while the losers are sent packing . The process applies to everyone except the previous year 's winner  who earns the automatic right to host and compete in the next contest  as well as the Big Five of France , Germany , Italy , Spain and the United Kingdom -- all of whom qualify automatically . That does n't sound fair . It is n't , but you get what you pay for . The Big Five are the biggest financial contributors to the contest , and without them the high production costs simply would n't be met . So what happens on the big night ? One by one , the performers from each nation get on stage and sing their hearts out , often wearing a flamboyant outfit and performing a dance routine . Until 1999 , each entry was obliged to sing along with a live orchestra , but since a rule change scrapped the requirement , no one ever does . Live instrumentation is not permitted . This rule exists because there is n't enough time to wire the instruments during the short break between the songs . On the other hand , the backing tape ca n't have any vocals as live singing is  for the time being  what it 's all about . After the performances , there 's an intermission . Convention dictates that this is an opportunity for the host nation to launch a long musical advertisement for itself . Then the moment that everyone 's been waiting for  and , it is said , the moment that most people tune in  : The voting . Finally ! So , how does that work ? Countries award a set of points from one to eight , then 10 and finally 12 for their favorite songs . They ca n't vote for themselves and , for a much needed dose of sophistication , they must announce the score in both English and French . Until the late 1990s , a mysterious jury of music industry experts -- sequestered somewhere in the capital city of each participating nation -- were the contest 's soul arbiters . But since 1997 , when a handful of nations experimented with televoting -- giving people in those countries the opportunity to vote for their favorite songs over the phone -- the public choice has counted for half the final vote . In a surprisingly straightforward conclusion , the winner is quite simply the country with the most points . Which countries have the strongest track record ? The notorious luck of the Irish seems to have turned on its head when it comes to Eurovision . Ireland is head and shoulders above the field with seven wins to its name , including a run of three consecutive victories in 1992 , 1993 and 1994 . France , the UK and Luxembourg each have five wins to their credit . Sweden now has five wins , and the Netherlands have four , while Israel and Norway have a respectable three wins each . Do all the winners go on to fame and fortune ? No . One of the few "  rules " that has remained consistent since the contest 's inception in 1956 is that winners are rarely heard from again . Among the few notable exceptions are ABBA , who won in 1974 with "  Waterloo , " and Celine Dion , who was imported from Quebec to represent Switzerland in the 1988 contest .	The Eurovision Song Contest is one of the most watched non-sporting events in the world Not just any old talent contest , it 's an institution with a devoted following But many outsiders do n't get it , so CNN is here to help
CNN  -- If you take the long view - and by "  long view " we 're talking 10 days -- there have been three distinct paths the United States could have taken on Syria . First , way back on August 31 , President Barack Obama seemed imminently close to a strike on President Bashar al-Assad 's regime . After Labor Day , came a detour toward seeking congressional approval . That effort was overwhelmingly met by the public with a "  No thanks . We 'll pass . " Then this week , thanks to a remark by Secretary of State John Kerry that may or may not have been off the cuff , Obama made a sharp turn -- toward diplomacy . For now , he 's sticking with option 3 . Obama seeks support for attacking Syria while pursuing diplomacy During a prime-time speech to the American people Tuesday , Obama pressed the pause button on his hard sell for a military strike , and said he 's waiting to see what kind of viable , verifiable plan Russia comes up with for al-Assad to give up his cache of chemical weapons . But Obama says he 'll keep U.S. forces ready in case al-Assad 's bluffing . Call it carrot-and-stick diplomacy . Here 's what 's on Obama 's to-do list for the coming days . Make plans Send Secretary of State John Kerry to Geneva on Thursday to meet with his Russian counterpart . The hope is that Kerry and Sergey Lavrov can draw up a timeline for Syria to hand over all its chemical weapons . The bad news : This is a crucial meeting , because the United States and Russia have n't always seen eye to eye . Many of the next steps , a White House official says , depend on what 's agreed upon there . The good news : Despite a sometimes icy relationship with Russia , Kerry and Lavrov have been able to work well in the past . The talks should last two days . If a deal is reached , it 's on to the United Nations next . 5 key themes from the Obama speech Keep courting Keep wooing a lukewarm Congress . Even though Obama asked Congress to postpone a vote on military action , the White House will push the idea , in case diplomacy fails . The bad news : Despite bending the ears of 93 senators and more than 350 members of the House since Friday , lawmakers were n't flocking to Team Obama . A CNN tally showed there was growing dissent in both chambers . The good news : Some are slowly coming around . A bipartisan group of eight senators is working on an alternative resolution that , according to Republican Sen. John McCain , will include "  guidelines , reporting process and benchmarks that have to be met " before letting the United States unleash its military might . Read the speech Set a deadline How long should al-Assad get to comply ? In his speech Tuesday night , Obama did n't specify . The bad news : No one 's quite certain . After meeting with Obama on Tuesday , Sen. Dick Durbin said the president "  asked for some time to work things out -- a matter of days into next week . " Sen. Carl Levin said , "  I do n't know if he put a specified period on it . He thought it could be fairly short . " And Kerry said , "  The president will decide what he thinks is the timeframe that he is prepared to live with . " The good news : Democratic Rep. Chris Van Hollen of Maryland said he was working on a version of a resolution that would authorize a military response if diplomacy does n't produce an acceptable result in 30 days . Delegate to the U.N. Obama says this last-ditch diplomacy pitch will give U.N. inspectors time to issue their report on the August 21 incident . The United States and its allies claim that the al-Assad regime used poison gas on rebel strongholds that day , killing more than 1,400 people . The bad news : On September 1 , the United Nations said the report would be complete in two or three weeks . Later , it said it did n't know how long it 'll take . The good news : France is pushing for a U.N. Security Council resolution that would give Syria 15 days to declare all its chemical weapons , according to Reuters . Be wary Russia has agreed to play middleman to defuse this crisis . Syria says it 's on board with Russia 's offer , and will turn over its chemical weapons stockpiles to international control . Obama calls this an encouraging sign . But , he warned , "  It 's too early to tell whether this offer will succeed , and any agreement must verify that the Assad regime keeps its commitments . " The bad news : It 's unclear whether Russia is serious or stalling . On Tuesday , Russia canceled a U.N. Security Council meeting that it had called , and rejected an initial proposal by France for the framework of a resolution . The good news : TBD . Maintain pressure The U.S. military will maintain its "  current posture to keep the pressure on Assad and to be in a position to respond if diplomacy fails , " Obama said Tuesday night . This means the aircraft carrier USS Nimitz that 's in the Red Sea with destroyer ships nearby will stay put . The bad news : Russian President Vladimir Putin says that has to change . "  You ca n't really ask Syria , or any other country , to disarm unilaterally while military action against it is being contemplated , " Putin said in an interview with a Russian television network . The good news  according to the United States  : Kerry said the looming threat of a strike will prod Syria to play nice . "  Nothing focuses the mind like the prospect of a hanging , " he told lawmakers Tuesday . The bad news  again  : A CNN/ORC International poll released Monday found 59 % of respondents opposing congressional authorization of military action , while 72 % said American strikes would achieve no significant goals . CNN 's Tom Cohen , Tim Lister , Deidre Walsh , Dana Bash , Z. Byron Wolf , Barbara Starr , Ted Barrett , John King , and Jim Sciutto contributed to this report .	Obama stalled the plan of a military strike on Syria He said he would give time for a diplomatic plan to work Obama had called for action after allegations of chemical attacks in Syria
NEW YORK  CNN  -- "  Guiding Light " will go dark in September after 72 years and 16,000 episodes , CBS announced Wednesday . Gina Tognoni is one of many performers who have appeared on "  Guiding Light " over the years . The daytime soap opera 's declining viewership led to the decision , according to a CBS spokeswoman . The show , which the Guinness Book of World Records lists as the longest-running television drama , first aired on NBC radio in 1937 as a 15-minute serial , the spokeswoman said . It moved to television on the CBS network in 1952 . The last episode is set to air on September 18 , she said . The show is produced in New York .	"  Guiding Light " originally was radio serial on NBC , debuted in 1937 Show moved to CBS , which put it on TV in 1952 Last episode of show to air September 18
CNN  -- Amazon only this week acknowledged the storm it raised earlier this month when it made it much harder for consumers to buy books by Hachette , a major French publisher , in order to extract better contract terms . The spat has affected titles by authors ranging from Malcolm Gladwell to J.K. Rowling to J.D. Salinger , whose books Amazon has suddenly made unavailable or more expensive , or which the online retailer says will take many weeks to ship . In its first public statement recognizing the dispute , Amazon notes the standoff is unlikely to end any time soon . This fight is part of a long drawn-out battle between publishers and Amazon , which has used its immense control over the book market  by some estimates it sells up to 50 % of print and electronic books in the U.S.  to reshape the industry . Understandably , authors , publishers , and others from the literary world reacted to Amazon 's latest play with alarm , cautioning that its brute exercise of power threatens not only the economic underpinnings of their industry , but also the very quality of books and diversity of ideas . Amazon , meanwhile , has tried to defuse the frenzy of attention , explaining that its tactics are just a routine part of how retailers negotiate with suppliers . Many journalists , too , have echoed Amazon 's point : Sure , it might seem unfair for Amazon to use its clout this way , but is n't it just how it goes ? And if it means Amazon charges us less for books , are n't we better off ? They 're important questions -- ones that get to the heart of a decades-old law that , if still enforced by government , would likely go some way in taming this fight , and drastically curb Amazon 's power over the book industry in general . Called the Robinson-Patman Act of 1936 , the law prohibits a retailer from wielding its mere size to bully suppliers for discounts . Congress passed the law as the rise of A&P -- America 's first modern mega-chain store -- was shuttering independent businesses . Also known as the "  Anti-Price Discrimination Act , " the law basically limits the clout won from size , establishing that a retailer ca n't simply secure better terms because it is bigger and therefore has more bargaining power .  The law also applies to suppliers , prohibiting them from discriminating against small retailers in favor of big ones . Preventing large chain stores from muscling exclusive discounts from suppliers based on size and not service or cost-justifications , the idea went , would give smaller entities a fair chance at competing . It did n't matter if retailers passed on these savings to consumers or not . It was fair competition that mattered . Through the 1970s , antitrust agencies enforced the act pretty vigorously ; in the 1960s alone the government brought 518 Robinson-Patman cases . Enforcement began to drop under President Carter , and the Reagan administration -- which ushered in a fundamental shift in antitrust policy more generally -- scaled back enforcement even further . Successive administrations have largely followed suit : The Clinton administration brought just one case between 1993 and 2000 , and neither the Justice Department nor the Federal Trade Commission has wielded the law since . Federal courts , too , have made it much harder to win a price discrimination suit . But the law is still on the books , and is important to recall because it enshrines a key tenet : That preserving fair competition requires that we curb the bullying power of size . So it is true that retailers and suppliers have a right to negotiate however they please . But the relative bargaining power between the two parties is an important factor when considering what is anti-competitive . Several journalists have compared Amazon 's actions to those of Wal-Mart , which famously uses its market dominance to squeeze suppliers -- a strategy it has applied forcibly enough to transform entire industries . What this analogy misses , though , is that even Wal-Mart 's license to use its heft this way is relatively new . "  If the government still enforced Robinson-Patman , it would go a fair way towards limiting the power of Amazon , " said Oren Teicher , CEO of the American Booksellers Association , which represents independent bookstores . He would know : In the 1990s , ABA brought numerous cases against both publishers and chain stores for violating Robinson-Patman . Somewhat perversely , until now , the closest encounter Amazon has had with antitrust authorities was when it successfully prodded them to bring a case against five major publishers and Apple . That fight , too , centered on the price of e-books . In order to wrest control back from Amazon -- which had been pricing digital bestsellers and new titles at a flat $ 9.99 , a fraction of the price of physical copies and sometimes even lower than wholesale -- publishers had adopted a new pricing arrangement , known as the "  agency model . " After getting Apple on board , publishers extended the model to all booksellers -- including Amazon . After losing the ability to undercut its competitors , its share of the market fell from 90 % to around 65 % . Amazon responded by filing a complaint with the FTC , and in 2012 the Justice Department sued Apple and the publishers for collusion . As part of their settlement , publishers temporarily lost the right to the agency model , handing back to Amazon the power to slash prices . In the years since , its share of the e-book market has , predictably , risen again , positioning it to leverage that market power against Hachette . It 's worth remembering that its tactic -- holding the publisher hostage unless it concedes to better terms -- flouts the principles of anti-price discrimination laws . Accepting Amazon 's argument that the nature of its fight with the publisher is innate to how markets work ignores a key piece of American history . Report : Amazon adding music streaming to Prime	Amazon made it much harder for consumers to purchase books by publisher Hachette Lina Khan : Government could play a role in bringing contract dispute to an end Books by J.K. Rowling and Malcolm Gladwell are among those affected Khan : Government has largely stopped enforcing a key antitrust law
CNN  -- July is on track to be the deadliest month yet for British troops supporting Operation Enduring Freedom . Air Chief Marshall Jock Stirrup says the sacrifices of British forces are worth it . So far , 15 British servicemen have died in Afghanistan this month , mostly in connection with Operation Panther 's Claw , the British-led offensive in Helmand province that is mirroring a similar operation by U.S. Marines in the same area . Britain 's deadliest month in Afghanistan so far has been September 2006 , when 19 died -- 14 in a single incident , the crash of a Royal Air Force plane near Kandahar . The sudden spike in British deaths has triggered an outcry in the United Kingdom over the mission there and whether it will be successful . "  Every casualty is sad , every casualty is deeply felt by us in the military . I mean , they are part of our military family . The losses , of course , are felt most by the real families of those involved and the bereavement is terrible , " Air Chief Marshall Jock Stirrup , the chief of defense staff for Great Britain , told CNN in an exclusive interview . But earlier , he pointed out , at the same time the 15 British troops had been killed , at least 197 Taliban forces had been confirmed killed in fighting . Watch questions being asked about the sacrifices " "  These casualties are pretty one-sided . Sad though our losses are , they are very small compared to the losses that the enemy is taking , " he said in an interview at the British Embassy . Stirrup , whose position is equivalent to Adm. Michael Mullen , the chairman of the U.S. Joint Chiefs of Staff , said the government wants people to know that the sacrifices are worth it . "  This is a military operation and on military operations , you engage in fighting . That 's why we have militaries and , sadly , you take casualties . The real issue is , first of all , are we getting something of sufficient strategic benefit to justify the price that our people are paying ? " he said . "  Secondly , are we doing everything we can to ensure that we achieve that strategic benefit with the minimum possible number of casualties ? And those , I think , are the key arguments in which we have to engage . " The British military has been criticized for using vehicles that can not withstand the blast of a roadside bomb . Stirrup told CNN that the British troops are conducting missions that forces them out of protective vehicles . "  You ca n't engage with the population of Helmand from inside several inches of steel . You have actually to get out on the ground , " Stirrup said . "  Our people have to get out there , they have to engage with the population and close with the enemy and that , alas , exposes them to risks and sometimes those risks materialize . Have we got the right equipment ? Well , we have excellent equipment on the ground and our troops will tell you that . " But Stirrup admits that while the United Kingdom is constantly updating the equipment sent to Afghanistan , the results are delayed . "  It takes time for industry to produce the new equipment . It 's ordered , it 's being delivered , but it 's delivered over time , so it 's always that gap , if you like , between identifying that change requirement and being able to deliver it on the ground , " Stirrup said . He said there is one British serviceman who wo n't have to worry about the dangers of Afghanistan : Prince William . "  Prince William is second in line to the throne . That produces certain difficulties to his employment in a combat environment , " he said . "  I 'm not going to say one way or the other what we will do for the future . What I will say is that he is training at the moment to be a search-and-rescue helicopter pilot , which is a tremendously demanding occupation . It 's professionally demanding . It also is at times pretty hazardous , and I think he is going to find that challenge enough and reward enough in the short term . " The prince 's younger brother , Prince Harry , served in Afghanistan for about 10 weeks until news of his deployment was leaked by a U.S. Web site . He was then pulled out to keep his unit from being targeted specifically aimed at him .	15 servicemen have died this month , compared with 19 in September 2006 Most deaths attributed to Operation Panther 's Claw in Helmand province Air Chief Marshall says numbers pale in comparison to 197 Taliban deaths Sudden spike triggers outcry in UK , criticism of vehicles used in operations
CNN  -- Croatia international Josip Simunic will miss the World Cup after being banned for 10 matches by FIFA for his ` pro-Nazi ' chants as he celebrated his country 's qualification to the finals in Brazil next year . FIFA 's disciplinary committee said Monday that Simunic 's chants following Croatia 's 2-0 win over Iceland in a playoff match last month -- were "  discriminatory and offended the dignity of a group of persons concerning ... race , religion or origin . " The 35-year-old Simunic had grabbed a microphone at the end of the match in Zagreb on November 19 and shouted loudly "  za dom " -- translated from Croatian as "  for the homeland " -- with the crowd replying "  spremni " , meaning "  ready " , four times in response . "  The committee took note that the player , together with the crowd , shouted a Croatian salute that was used during World War II by the fascist "  Ustase " movement , " read a statement on the official FIFA website . "  Given the gravity of the incident , the committee decided to suspend the player for ten official matches , " the statement went on , adding the stipulation that the ban would take effect only from the start of the World Cup next June . Simunic has also been banned from the stadiums where the matches are being played and has been fined 30,000 Swiss francs  $ 33,530  . Simunic , who was born in Australia , has always denied his chants had fascist connotations . "  I was born and raised in countries with western democratic systems and any form of intolerance or bigotry is strange to me and not a part of my personal system of values , " he told the official website of the Croatian football federation . "  Additionally , I have devoted my entire life to doing anything I could to help my country , Croatia , and I am immensely proud of that . " Dinamo Zagreb defender Simunic spent the bulk of his career in the German Bundesliga and made his international debut for Croatia in 2001 . Croatia has fallen foul of both European governing body UEFA and FIFA for the actions of its supporters in the past . UEFA sanctioned its federation on three occasions during Euro 2012 involving crowd disorder and racist behavior by its fans as they exited at the group stages . World governing body FIFA has also toughened its stance on racism with its president Sepp Blatter setting up a special task force earlier this year after several high-profile incidents .	Croatia international Josip Simunic handed 10-match ban Will miss their 2014 World Cup campaign Simunic accused of ` pro-Nazi ' chants in qualifying game FIFA finds him guilty of discriminatory behavior
Philadelphia  CNN  -- Attorney General Eric Holder is most afraid of a terrorist attack on the United States from a so-called "  lone wolf , " such as the attackers involved in the Washington Navy Yard and Los Angeles International Airport shootings . "  I 'm very concerned about individuals who get radicalized in a variety of ways , sometimes self-radicalized , " the nation 's top law enforcement officer told CNN 's Justice reporter Evan Perez in an exclusive interview . Just days after a shooter entered LAX airport and killed one Transportation Security Administration worker , Holder rejected the idea to arm those officers . "  Now , that does n't mean that we should n't review the measures that are in place to keep people safe from the time that they get out of their cars and go into the terminals , " he said . In the wide-ranging conversation Tuesday , he also said that he rejected demands from supporters that NSA leaker Edward Snowden be offered clemency . Holder : New strategies needed for ` active shooter ' situations As President Barack Obama 's top legal expert , the attorney general deflected a question about whether he has gotten a free pass for approving many of the surveillance tactics at the National Security Agency . He responded : "  We have to ask some very legitimate questions . " Holder spoke to CNN during a visit to a federal courthouse Tuesday to highlight a program that helps ex-offenders reintegrate into their communities . Holder said he did n't support clemency for Snowden , the national security contractor who leaked the classified information about surveillance programs . He said "  the mechanisms that he used " to publicize his concerns with the government 's surveillance are n't "  worthy of clemency . " "  I think that he has clearly broken the law and harmed the nation that he claims to have loved , " Holder said . While Holder said Snowden deserved to be punished for his crime , in nearly the same breath he said that Snowden sparked a necessary conversation . "  The conversation that we are engaged in is one that I think is certainly worthwhile , to try to determine how do we safeguard privacy and keep the American people safe , " Holder said . Holder says the administration needs to ask itself if the surveillance net had "  gone to far , " but it would n't go as far as saying if it was a concern he had before the Snowden incident . "  I did n't say that , " Holder responded , adding that the administration was already having "  conversations " about the collection of metadata . "  It was a conversation that , frankly , was going on , certainly within the administration , " Holder said . "  Now the conversation is a . . is a more public one . " Holder is n't going anywhere soon The reach of the NSA 's surveillance has caused a fiery response overseas and domestically since Snowden leaked documents to The Washington Post and The Guardian newspapers . Holder said Snowden could have addressed his concerns with government surveillance in other ways , such as through the court system . Throughout his tenure , Holder has come under fire from Republican critics who held him in contempt of Congress . He has been under investigation , and subsequently cleared by the inspector general , in the botched gun-trafficking program "  Fast and Furious . " He has also taken fire for his role in defending the Voting Rights Act and reviewing cases of detainees at Guantanamo Bay . Despite the turmoil , Holder has refused calls for his resignation . As instances of mass gun violence continue to spark conversations about gun control , Holder said Tuesday that politicians in Washington failed to pass meaningful gun safety legislation . "  Yes , we 've failed . We 've failed , " Holder said , referring to Congress ' refusal to pass stricter background checks of gun purchasers after the mass shooting at Sandy Hook Elementary School in Newtown , Connecticut , last year . "  It ca n't be the new normal . It can not be something that we accept . Uh , there is too much gun violence , " he added . As two states have legalized marijuana and voters in one of those state , Colorado , head to the polls today to vote on a marijuana tax , Holder said he does n't anticipate any change to federal laws outlawing the drug . Instead , he said he is looking at how marijuana laws are enforced . While Holder plans to stay on the job , he admits that times have n't always been easy . "  I 've had some days that have been better than others , " he said .	Eric Holder tells CNN he is worried about an individual terrorist attack on the U.S. Attorney general also said he rejected pleas for clemency in the Edward Snowden case He has come under fire for the botched gun-trafficking program "  Fast and Furious " Holder on mass gun violence : "  It ca n't be the new normal "
Atlanta  CNN  -- Everything about the rebooted Delta Flight Museum screams , "  AIRPLANES ! " Even outside its entrance , I 'm greeted by aviation decorations . Lined up in a row like Roman columns are three struts of Boeing 757 landing gear embedded into the front of the building . Welcome to the Delta Flight Museum , home to some of the airline industry 's historic jewels , including a first-of-its-kind aircraft that pioneered the sophisticated planes we fly on today . This could be the best aviation museum you 've never heard of . I 'm champing at the bit to see a few highlights , including : • The cockpit from the first Convair 880-22 , once the world 's fastest airliner • A nose-to-wing section of the first L-1011 TriStar that served as a Hollywood movie set • The airline 's beloved "  Spirit of Delta , " a huge 1980s-era Boeing 767 • Arguably the world 's most meticulously restored DC-3 , among history 's most important airliners Yep , it 's enough to make an aviation geek play hooky and get lost among all the sleek , metallic technology . But this place also appeals to nonaviation aficionados , thanks to its collection of stylish luggage and Delta uniforms . Then there 's the museum 's JFK airport rescue project . I 'll tell you about that in a minute . For years access to the museum was limited to Delta employees and their friends . But last summer the airline closed it for a complete overhaul . In June , it opened to the public for the first time . Appropriately , the museum takes up two hangars on Delta 's corporate headquarters , next to Atlanta 's Hartsfield-Jackson International Airport . Once you step inside , you 're met with an amazing 1940 DC-3 airliner called Ship 41 . When sunlight pours through the hangar windows , it bounces off the aluminum surface of this twin-propeller tail-dragger . Beginning in the mid-1930s , more than 14,000 commercial and military versions of the plane came off the Douglas Aircraft production lines , popularizing airline travel across much of America . Each DC-3 seated from 21 to 24 passengers . Astonishingly , hundreds are still flying worldwide today thanks to an airframe that pilots describe as one of the toughest ever . The unbelievable airliner that just wo n't quit Restoring this silver-skinned beauty was a triumph for a handful of retired Delta employees , who took it apart and rebuilt it in the 1990s , returning it to nearly as good as new . "  No other DC-3 in the world has been restored with such attention to detail , " says the museum website . Delta says Ship 41 is the first aircraft to earn an award from the National Trust for Historic Preservation . Take a video tour inside the meticulously refurbished airliner Next , take a walk through a darkened , circular portal and emerge into another hangar . Suddenly , you 're sharing a room with a quarter-million-pound , five-story-tall Delta Boeing 767-232 . It 's right there in front of you , fully accessible for avgeeks who ca n't help caressing its underbelly and nuzzling up to its twin General Electric CF6-80A engines . A few interesting facts about this plane : • In a gesture of solidarity , Delta employees raised $ 30 million to purchase it for the airline during tough economic times in 1982 . • With a capacity of 204 passengers and six crew members , the plane flew until 2006 before retiring to the museum . • When you get on board , you walk through a first class section that 's frozen in time . The armrests include passenger phones and audio controls . The bulkheads are decorated with pinstripes . A video screen is mounted on the wall . The sound system uses speakers mounted in the overhead bins . In the rear , the plane becomes a mini-museum , with displays featuring items like airline uniforms and insignia pins . Just steps away sits the cockpit from the first Convair 880-22 , serial number 01 . The Convair 880 was an unsung airliner classic , flying for Delta from 1960 to 1973 . It was good enough for the king of rock 'n' roll . Elvis bought one in 1975 , naming it for his daughter , Lisa Marie , and painting on the letters "  TCB . " Just a little reminder that the plane was "  Takin ' care of business . " The museum 's Convair 880 cockpit was the nerve center for the very first 880 test plane . Later the aircraft joined the fleet at TWA . "  Some of the other jets we 'd compare to pickup trucks , but this was like a sports car -- like a Porsche , " Capt. Frank Bottoms Sr. , a retired Delta Convair 880 pilot , told me . Like a Porsche , the jet was a speed demon , with a cruising speed of 586 mph , according to the museum . In 1959 , the 880 was known as the fastest airliner in the world , according to Popular Mechanics . Three years later , Delta set a commercial speed record with an 880 , hitting 715 mph , according to the museum . That 's fast even by today 's standards . As Bottoms flew 880s in the '60s and '70s between Houston , New York , Chicago and Miami , the plane "  was something you were proud to be in , " he recalled , calling it "  the cream-of-the-crop " airliner . "  The passengers loved it , and we loved it . " The museum also contains another piece of airline history you ca n't find anywhere else : a nose-to-wing section of the very first Lockheed L-1011 TriStar , serial number 1001 . Oh , if this triple-engined jet could talk ! It might tell stories about the test flights it flew for Lockheed in the 1970s . Or it might reveal tales about when it served as a movie set for 1992 's "  Passenger 57 , " starring Wesley Snipes , and Bill Murray 's "  Quick Change " from 1990 . Pilots loved the L-1011 for its efficiency and reduced engine noise . For a while , it was sometimes called the Whisperliner . Bottoms , who also flew L-1011s , said both planes were so reliable they could almost land themselves under the right conditions . "  They were such stable airplanes -- no wild gyrations of having to move the controls , " he said . The museum offers several handy touchscreens with all kinds of cool data about the planes . But the best interactive exhibit is an actual flight deck simulator that was used to train Delta 737-200 pilots . If you 're over age 16 , a rare opportunity to "  fly " the simulator for 45 minutes will cost you about $ 400 . As you exit through the gift shop , notice another piece of history hanging above the doorway : a sign that reads simply , "  Delta Air Lines . " It does n't mean much , until you know where it came from . It was a rescue . Delta saved the sign from the now-demolished Worldport , aka Terminal 3 , at New York 's John F. Kennedy International Airport . Built by Pan Am in 1960 , the flying saucer-shaped building became a symbol of the excitement and glamor surrounding the early days of the Jet Age . Delta operated the terminal after Pan Am folded in 1991 until the airport tore it down in 2013 to create an aircraft parking lot . The sign was too important to leave behind . It 's "  iconic and seemed to beg to be preserved , " said Delta 's Ashley Black . Workers carefully took it apart and trucked it nearly a thousand miles to Atlanta , where Delta 's Technical Ops Center refurbished it to like-new condition , rewiring it with LED lighting . It all adds up to a surprising number of one-of-a-kind exhibits for a small museum tucked between the airline 's corporate offices . Even for folks who do n't get all hot and bothered about airplanes , it 's a spot worth visiting during a long airport layover .	Delta Flight Museum has recently opened near Atlanta 's airport Exhibits include prototypes of important airliners , the L-1011 and superfast Convair 880 Museum offers an interesting tourist option during long layovers Giant sign from iconic Worldport rescued from wrecking ball at JFK airport
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- A pressurized cylinder exploded at Universal Studios on Sunday , injuring two firefighters as they tried to fight a blaze that began earlier in the day , Los Angeles authorities said . The fire destroyed buildings and movie sets at Universal Studios on Sunday . Eight other firefighters were injured in the fire , which was expected to be contained by 4:15 p.m.  7:15 p.m. ET  , said Ron Haralson , an inspector with the Los Angeles County Fire Department . The explosion occurred about 2:30 p.m.  5:30 p.m. ET  near the video vault of the Universal Studios back lot . The vault was damaged . The fast-moving , early morning blaze destroyed several movie sets and the King Kong exhibit . Even so , officials still planned to go ahead with the 2008 MTV Movie Awards show at the site -- just north of downtown Los Angeles , adjacent to the Universal Studios theme park . "  The areas we are utilizing for our production were unaffected and the 2008 MTV Movie Awards will go on as planned . We 're working closely with authorities to make sure everything operates smoothly , " an MTV spokesman said in a statement . The awards show will bring a parade of A-list stars to the park 's CityWalk area . According to MTV 's Web site , celebrities such as Tom Cruise , Will Smith , Sarah Jessica Parker , Justin Timberlake and Robert Downey Jr. likely will attend . Universal Studios officials planned to resume normal business hours Monday , including the studio tour . The fire destroyed an area called New York street , which includes movie set-style buildings designed to look like the cityscape of New York City . Hours after the blaze was reported , the roughly two-block area appeared charred and resembled a "  disaster movie , " said Los Angeles Councilman Tom LaBonge . LaBonge said he could see the smoke from his Silver Lake home Sunday morning . "  It looked like a bomb had exploded , " he said . Watch choppers try to douse the fire " The blaze began around 4:45 a.m.  7:45 a.m. ET  and was contained initially by 9 a.m. Throughout the morning , large plumes of black smoke rose as the fire burned the vault containing hundreds of videos , said Ron Meyer , chief operating officer of Universal Studios . "  Fortunately , nothing irreplaceable was lost , " Meyer said . "  The video library was affected and damaged , but our main vault of our motion picture negatives was not . " The set of "  The Changeling , " a film recently directed by Clint Eastwood and starring Angelina Jolie , was "  completely destroyed , " Meyer said . Another area called "  Courthouse Square " also was destroyed , Meyer said . Numerous movies have been shot in that area , including several scenes of the 1985 hit "  Back to the Future , " Meyer said . And two of the eight locations used by the CBS series "  Ghost Whisperer " were affected , he said . Fire inspectors had not determined what caused the blaze , said Los Angles County Fire Chief P. Michael Freeman . There were no reports of filming at the time of the fire .	NEW : Three firefighters suffer minor injuries battling blaze , official says Blaze destroys "  King Kong " exhibit , damages video vault , officials say Area looks like "  disaster movie , " Los Angeles city councilman says Broadcast of MTV Movie Awards wo n't be affected , representative says
CNN  -- Where 's Hillary ? Where did she go ? Do n't bother looking for her this week on the podium of the Democratic National Convention . Do n't try to catch a glimpse of her in the backrooms where the powerful gather or on the convention floor where delegates wave signs proclaiming their love for Obama or Clinton  the other Clinton ; the husband  . No , while Democrats try to stoke the troops with passion for their party and excitement for Barack Obama 's re-election , the most popular member of the Democratic Party , possibly the most popular major politician in America , will stay far away from the national spotlight , about 10,000 miles away . Secretary of State Hillary Clinton is occupied with other matters , serious matters of state . No time for cheering or voter-rousing . She 's keeping her distance from politics , and that might work out just fine in a few years . As Democrats started streaming to North Carolina , she jetted off to the middle of nowhere . Or , more precisely , to the Cook Islands in the Pacific . Look it up . It 's far away . By now , Hillary -- as everyone calls her unofficially  and we 're speaking unofficially  -- has moved on in her busy Asian itinerary . As you read this , she may be in China , or in Timor-Leste , or perhaps Brunei . The official explanation is that she had important business and as a sitting secretary of state , she is supposed to stay above politics , above the partisan fray . Indeed , former Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice said it is customary for the current secretary to avoid the political season , as she did in 2008 . Hillary , however , is not just any secretary of state . She is the woman who almost beat the current president for the nomination . She 's the one millions hope will lead the ticket in 2016 . She is the one Democrat on everyone 's mind this week even if she made it a point to move her operations to the other side of the world . Journalists will find it difficult to ask her opinion about the convention or ask the real question , the one people have not stopped asking in four years : Will she run for president in 2016 ? The standard answer is that she has no interest in running again and looks forward to private life after Obama 's first term . But few people believe she has made that decision . The reluctance to take her at her word stems partly from the stunning phenomenon of worldwide popularity that Hillary Clinton has become . For every one of the past 10 years , Americans have ranked her the Most Admired Woman , ahead even of Oprah when she had her show . Hillary is probably among the most popular women in the history of the United States , having won the title 16 times , more than any other woman . She consistently scores the highest approval ratings of any top member of the Obama administration , and she has developed an extraordinary level of personal rapport with the masses , with the millions who have never met her but have seen her evolve over the decades . People feel an emotional connection after having witnessed the visible pain she endured during her husband 's public cheating scandals . They watched her raise her chin , battle adversity and come out ahead . Everyone knows it has not been easy . Liberated from campaigning , she has relaxed . She has become more spontaneous and genuine , leaving behind some of the calculated deliberateness of the politician . Hillary 's most private moments seem to fill her admirers with vicarious joy . When images surface of her dancing or drinking a beer during a break from work in Colombia , they immediately go viral . As if people felt glad that she 's happy . The Internet parody "  Texts from Hillary " became all the rage , as it purported to show the ubercompetent SecState whipping the world into line . In one image , President Obama , stretched out on a couch , sends a text , "  Hey Hil . Whatchu doing ? " Hillary , looking stylish in shades , with giant briefing books before her , texts back : "  Running the world . " It 's a joke , but it 's funny because it reflects an image that has taken hold . Hillary seems to work harder than anyone . She has traveled to more countries -- 108 so far -- than any of her predecessors . She 's always at it . And it always seems important . The mere mortals , the regular politicians , are out campaigning , telling half-truths and slinging mud . Hillary 's busy , working to keep the world running . As secretary of state , she is in a perfect position to work on issues that are much less controversial than domestic dilemmas . She does n't need to talk about tax increases , health care reform or the deficit . She does n't have to spar with the Republicans and look petty or nasty in the process . It makes her look superior to the others . It puts her in great shape for 2016 , when she will be 69 , not too old to run for president . Hillary first electrified activists back in 1995 , when she declared in her famous Beijing speech "  it is no longer acceptable to discuss women 's rights as separate from human rights . " And she has never let up on her efforts on behalf of women . But men , too , even the most rugged  even Republicans  have come to respect her . Back in 2010 , when a Rolling Stone reporter quoted senior military men in Afghanistan disparaging the Obama administration , he revealed that , "  Only Hillary Clinton receives good reviews . " And she has not stopped getting great reviews . Staying out of the political mud-pit , she is the subject of popularity polls , breathless speculation and gushing profiles , like a recent cover story -- complete with photo spread -- in Conde Nast Traveler . In addition to the glamor and the competence , the writer revealed "  one very intimate detail that most people still do n't know about Hillary Clinton . " The secret ? "  She does not sweat . Literally . She does not even glow . No matter how high the heat , not a drop nor a drip nor a bead ... " The polls show voters want Hillary to run again . In Iowa , a look at presidential preferences showed Hillary beating Vice President Biden 60 to 18 . No one else reached 5 % . In New York , voters want Hillary to run even more than they want their very popular governor to do so . So , while the Democrats shout themselves hoarse in Charlotte , Hillary will be far away , busy with affairs of state . But do n't be so sure her absence means she 's not interested in politics . Like everyone in Charlotte , she too is probably pondering what Hillary will do in 2016 . She may be absent , out of sight . But staying away only makes the Democrats ' heart grow fonder . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Frida Ghitis .	Hillary Clinton , the most popular Democrat in the U.S. , is in Asia tour during convention It 's customary for a current secretary of state to stay above politics , avoid election season Frida Ghitis : Being removed puts her above it all , positioned for a 2016 run for president Ghitis : Hillary insists she will not run , but Democrats are hoping fervently she will
Washington  CNN  -- Amid criticism from his Republican opponent that his foreign policy "  projects weakness , " President Barack Obama confronted Iran and Syria on Tuesday and warned those who killed an American diplomat in Libya that they would be held accountable . "  The attacks on our civilians in Benghazi were attacks on America , " Obama told the United Nations General Assembly . "  There should be no doubt that we will be relentless in tracking down the killers and bringing them to justice . " Both GOP presidential candidate Mitt Romney and running mate Rep. Paul Ryan of Wisconsin have in recent days challenged Obama 's foreign policy record , which is perceived to be a strength for the incumbent . Obama confronts Iran , Syria ; UNGA debate opens In the battleground state of Colorado on Monday , Romney said Obama 's characterization of the recent unrest in the Middle East as a "  bump in the road " belittled the gravity of the attack on the U.S. Consulate in Benghazi on September 11 that killed Ambassador Christopher Stevens and three other Americans . "  Bumps in the road ? " Romney asked . "  We had an ambassador assassinated . We had a Muslim Brotherhood member elected to the presidency of Egypt . Twenty thousand people have been killed in Syria . We have tumult in Pakistan and , of course , Iran is that much closer to having the capacity to build a nuclear weapon . " Romney hammers Obama on ` bumps in the road ' Ryan said during a bus tour through the swing state of Ohio that Obama 's policies "  project weakness . " "  When you project American weakness - the superpower projecting weakness - that creates a vacuum , that creates a void , " Ryan added . "  That void gets filled by people in countries who do not share our interests . It means our adversaries are that much more tempted to test us and our allies are much less likely to trust us , like Israel . " House Majority Leader Eric Cantor told reporters in a conference call on Monday organized by the Romney campaign that the absence of any bilateral meetings at the United Nations , including with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu , demonstrated an unwillingness to engage on issues that could become pitfalls for American diplomacy . Netanyahu has pressed the United States for a stronger line on Iran and Obama clarified his position on the issue in his U.N. remarks . "  America wants to resolve this issue through diplomacy , and we believe that there is still time and space to do so , " the president said . "  But that time is not unlimited . " "  Make no mistake , " he continued , "  a nuclear-armed Iran is not a challenge that can be contained . " The president praised the Libyan government for its cooperation in investigating the attacks that killed Stevens , but he defended freedom of speech -- the unrest in the Muslim world grew out of a film produced in the United States that mocked the Muslim Prophet Mohammed . "  The strongest weapon against hateful speech is not repression it is more speech , " Obama said adding that , "  there is no speech that justifies mindless violence . " Slain envoy 's legacy ` will live on in the lives he touched ' Clinton hosts Obama and Romney Romney continued the conversation about the Middle East , albeit in a less confrontational way , when he spoke at the Clinton Global Initiative on Tuesday , tying his plan for economic development through trade and free enterprise to stability in the region . "  Religious extremism is certainly part of the problem , " Romney said of the tension and violence in the Middle East . "  But that 's not the whole story . " Citing the Tunisian fruit vendor who set himself on fire and sparked the Arab Spring , Romney said the vendor who was humiliated by government forces wanted to provide for his family . The freedom of an individual to work , Romney said , is at the core of his foreign aid plan . "  Work . That must be at the heart of our effort to help people build economies that can create jobs for people , young and old alike , " Romney said . Romney makes Clinton joke -- in front of Clinton When Romney addressed the Clinton event , he unveiled what his campaign calls his "  Prosperity Pact , " a re-engineering of the way America approaches foreign assistance . Romney 's plan ties U.S. trade policy to development in foreign nations by identifying barriers to trade and investment in developing countries . If the countries cooperated in working to remove the barriers , then Romney 's plan would open trade to the countries and deliver development packages focusing on strengthening basic tenants of democracy . Romney lays out ` aid with trade ' in major foreign policy speech Following his remarks at the United Nations , Obama addressed the Clinton group on human trafficking , saying it "  must be called by its true name -- modern slavery . " The president signed an executive order on Tuesday to strengthen protections so that federal contractors are n't using forced labor . Obama said the order raised the bar . "  In short , we 're making clear that American tax dollars must never , ever be used to support the trafficking of human beings , " he said . The CNN Freedom Project : ending modern-day slavery Obama 's remarks also may resonate with Evangelical Christians since human trafficking is an issue that many churches in that community have organized to fight . Rescuing girls from sex slavery is also an issue that may resonate with some women voters . More than 20 million men , women and children are victims of human trafficking worldwide , according to the executive order . Obama called on countries worldwide to enact and enforce laws preventing and punishing human trafficking . Obama : America could survive Romney , but would n't thrive The president and first lady Michelle Obama 's taped appearance on ABC 's "  The View " appeared on Tuesday as well . Saying she was channeling Elizabeth Hasselbeck , the show 's vocal Republican co-host , Barbara Walters asked the president if it would be terrible for the country if Romney won . "  We can survive a lot , " Obama answered , saying he thought Romney was a good man and means well . "  But the American people do n't want to just survive . We want to thrive . I 've just got a different vision of how we grow an economy . We grow fastest when the middle class is doing well , " Obama said . The Obamas also talked about their relationship . The couple says that instead of the presidency making their relationship tougher , it has brought them closer together . "  We spend more time together in some ways than we did earlier in our marriage because I live above the store , " the president explained "  I have a 30 second commute . " Michelle Obama : I can make the president mad Still , he said the weight of the office taught them to "  talk the big stuff but do n't sweat the small stuff . " Republicans have criticized Obama for taping "  The View " while in New York but not meeting with world leaders . Reunited and it feels so good After his trip to New York , Romney reunited with Ryan and his campaign 's bus tour at a rally in Vandalia , Ohio , just north of Dayton . Romney joked about the battleground state 's Republican senator , Rob Portman , who has been playing Obama in debate preparations for the party 's presidential nominee . "  He 's so good ... after an hour and an half of debate I want to kick him out of the room , " Romney said , adding that Portman likes his arguments . "  He knows they 're right . " Romney also discussed job creation and taxes . Speaking to college students and recent college graduates , Romney pointed out that 50 % of college graduates ca n't find jobs . "  Look at your friends , half of you ca n't work , do n't you understand where -LSB- Barack Obama is -RSB- taking this country ? " Romney asked . Battleground polls show Obama ahead New polls released in four swing states on Tuesday all indicate Obama ahead of Romney by four to eight points . The fresh batch of polls in Ohio , Florida , Iowa and Nevada - which together account for 59 electoral votes - were released by the Washington Post and American Research Group and were all conducted over the past six days , after the release of secretly recorded clips from a May fund-raiser , in which Romney casts Obama supporters as dependent on government . The story dominated coverage of the race for the White House last week . In each survey , Obama 's advantage is within the poll 's sampling error , but each survey indicates the president grabbing at least 50 percent of the likely voters interviewed . Fresh polls give Obama the advantage in four crucial battlegrounds Poll : Obama up by five points in Ohio CNN 's Kevin Liptak , Ashley Killough , Rachel Streitfeld and Paul Steinhauser contributed to this report	NEW : Romney and Ryan campaign in Ohio on education and jobs Obama : "  The attacks on our civilians in Benghazi were attacks on America " Obama : U.S. could survive Romney presidency , but would n't thrive Barack , Michelle Obama on ` The View " : "  Talk the big stuff but do n't sweat the small stuff "
North Korea has completed all of the preliminary steps required to conduct a nuclear test , a South Korean government official said . The South detected the closure of the entrance of a tunnel at the Punggye-ri site in a northeastern region of North Korea . It means that Pyongyang is now ready for what could be its fourth nuclear test , the official said . "  This is the final step in preparing to test a nuclear device , " the official said Thursday . "  In theory , there are seven to 14 days to conduct a test once the entrance is sealed . " The official added that it was highly likely the North would test an enriched uranium device , as it does not seem to possess a lot of plutonium . The official also said the North might launch a long-range ballistic missile instead , if it decided not to conduct a nuclear test . This would "  show off their two-way track capability , " the official said . Asked if the North had been able to construct a nuclear weapon small enough to fit on a missile , the official said : "  We believe that North Korea has made a considerable progress in technology to miniaturize the nuclear warhead and that they are really doing their best . In fact , North Korea is spending a substantial amount of money and time  on this  . " The comments came the day before U.S. President Barack Obama arrived in South Korea as part of a visit to several Asian countries . Obama was previously in Japan and continues on to Malaysia on Saturday . In an interview with a South Korean newspaper ahead of his arrival Friday , Obama warned Pyongyang over the possibility of carrying out a new test . "  If North Korea were to make the mistake of engaging in another nuclear test , it should expect a firm response from the international community , " Obama told Joonang Ilbo . The North Korean Foreign Ministry earlier this week described Obama 's trip as "  a reactionary and dangerous one as it is aimed to escalate confrontation and bring dark clouds of a nuclear arms race to hang over this unstable region . " South Korea 's Defense Ministry said this week it had increased its military preparedness since Monday morning and was monitoring around the clock for signs of activity at the Punggye-ri site . North Korea announced last month that it would n't rule "  a new form of a nuclear test " to strengthen its nuclear deterrent capabilities . Experts have speculated that that could refer to the testing of a uranium bomb . The reclusive regime in Pyongyang is known to have conducted three previous tests , all of them believed to be based on plutonium . The most recent one took place February 2013 . The past tests prompted international condemnation and the imposition of sanctions aimed at hampering the North 's weapons program . Since the last underground detonation , South Korean officials have repeatedly said that they believe North Korea is ready to carry out another test at any time , pending a political decision to go ahead with it .	South Korea official : North Korea ready for nuclear test Official : Tunnel closure is last step to ready for test Details come as U.S. President Obama visits South Korea
Salt Lake City , Utah  CNN  -- By all accounts , Michael Burdell was a gentle soul with a soft spot for people in need . A Vietnam veteran , he was issued a weapon but refused to carry it , serving as a technician on communications equipment , his fiancée , Donna Nu , said in court documents . The two had known each other for six years . Had Burdell , a 36-year-old attorney , not died on April 2 , 1985 , shot to death by Ronnie Lee Gardner during Gardner 's escape attempt at a Salt Lake City courthouse , they would have been married . But Nu , along with Burdell 's friend , Ron Temu , and his 86-year-old father , Joseph Burdell , are now arguing on Gardner 's behalf . Gardner is to face a Utah firing squad on June 18 . But driven by Burdell 's pacifism and opposition to the death penalty , the three have filed statements in the case seeking to have his sentence commuted . "  Michael Burdell would not have wanted Ronnie Lee Gardner put to death , " Nu said in court documents . "  There is absolutely no question about this in my mind . " Legal maneuvers aimed at delaying or avoiding Gardner 's execution have accelerated . His defense attorneys went before the Utah Supreme Court this week to argue that he should receive a new sentencing hearing , appealing an earlier state court 's denial . The justices took the case under advisement . On Wednesday , U.S. District Judge Tena Campbell denied a defense request to stop Thursday 's commutation hearing before the state Board of Pardons and Parole . Defense attorney Andrew Parnes had asked Campbell to issue a temporary restraining order , saying he was concerned the hearing would not be fair and impartial because representatives from the Utah attorney general 's office were both presenting the state 's case at the hearing and advising the board . Attorneys representing the state agency said safeguards were in place to prevent a conflict of interest . Parnes also said he was concerned the board would not allow some videotaped testimony to be played at the hearing , although the board said it would take the testimony under consideration . He has filed a federal complaint over the matter , which he said was not necessarily nullified by Campbell 's decision to let the hearing go forward . Nu will be among those testifying on Gardner 's behalf . The elder Burdell , who lives in North Carolina , said in his statement he would be there as well , if his age did not preclude his traveling to Utah . Attempts by CNN to speak with Nu on Wednesday were unsuccessful , because she was traveling to Salt Lake City from her Arizona home . Temu did not immediately return a call seeking comment . The two are members of a Salt Lake City-based religious movement called Summum . Burdell was also a member . Summum was founded in 1975 by the late Corky Ra , also known as Summum Bonum Amon Ra , after he said he was visited by other beings . Belief blog : What is Summum ? Nu said in her statement she met Burdell while the two were living in Arizona and she was making frequent trips to the Summum center in Utah . She introduced Burdell to the movement , and he became a member . They moved to Salt Lake City in 1982 . "  In addition to Michael 's personal beliefs , the Summum faith opposes capital punishment , " Nu said in court documents . "  People who take the vows of Summum must pledge never to take the life of another person . Michael Burdell freely took this pledge . " Temu said in his statement he believes Burdell must have been "  the poorest attorney on Earth , because he so often represented people who could not afford to pay him . " Burdell lived "  like a monk , " he said , and had few possessions . On April 2 , 1985 , Burdell was at the courthouse on a case , representing a fellow Vietnam veteran at no cost . Gardner was also at the courthouse that day , scheduled for a pretrial hearing in the 1984 slaying of Melvyn Otterstrom . He killed Otterstrom after escaping from prison ; now , he was planning to escape from custody again . According to court documents filed by Gardner 's defense , he had planned to use a gun that would be left hanging from a water fountain in the basement of the courthouse . However , an accomplice in the basement handed Gardner a .22 - caliber gun instead as he was being led in by guards . Gardner was handcuffed , and his legs chained together . His arms also were fastened to a waist chain that limited how far he could raise his hands . As soon as Gardner was given the gun , court documents said , he was shot and seriously injured by one of the guards with him . But he managed to "  shuffle " into a basement office area , where courthouse archives were kept . Burdell and another attorney were in the office ; they saw Gardner with a gun and hid behind the door as he came inside . As Gardner spotted them and pointed the gun at them , the other attorney fled , leaving Burdell behind . The other attorney reported hearing Burdell say , "  Oh , my God , " and Gardner swear before the gun went off , shooting Burdell through the eye . Gardner then grabbed a corrections officer and tried to force him to accompany him out of the building , according to court documents . He also shot bailiff Nick Kirk as he was trying to leave . Gardner eventually surrendered to authorities on the courthouse lawn . He pleaded guilty in June 1985 to killing Otterstrom and was sentenced to life in prison , with a judge 's recommendation that he not be released . Later that same year , he was convicted of capital murder in Burdell 's death . Burdell 's father said in court documents filed this year that he does not believe his son 's shooting was premeditated . "  Gardner himself had been shot and his shooting my son was a spur-of-the-moment reaction , " Joseph Burdell said . "  Furthermore , " he added , "  I do not believe Gardner is the same person today that he was in 1985 . " But Otterstrom 's friends and family said they support Gardner 's execution . Cousin Craig Watson told The Salt Lake Tribune this month , "  It 's about time justice is served . " Kirk 's widow also told the newspaper she supports the death penalty for Gardner , saying the shooting left her husband in constant pain . He was never the same , she said , and died of a heart attack in 1995 . But those who loved Burdell recall his pacifist nature and his desire to help his fellow man . They believe that if Burdell were still alive , he would be campaigning against Gardner 's death . "  My son was a caring and generous person who tried to help others , " Joseph Burdell said . "  It would not have been in his nature to condone Gardner 's execution . He would not have approved of it at all . "	Attorney Michael Burdell was shot to death at a Utah courthouse in 1985 Burdell would have opposed the death penalty for his killer , friends and family say Ronnie Lee Gardner , in court for a hearing in a murder case , was trying to escape Gardner is scheduled to die by firing squad on June 18
CNN  -- CIA secret interrogation methods -- including detention and harsh questioning of suspected terrorists -- remain off limits to public release , a federal appeals court ruled Monday . The agency was sued eight years ago to provide details of certain communications describing the use of waterboarding and other direct intelligence-gathering methods of foreign terror suspects . A three-judge panel from the 2nd U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals ruled "  intelligence methods " are not subject to a Freedom of Information Act request from the lawsuit by the American Civil Liberties Union . "  We give substantial weight to the government 's declarations , which establish that disclosing the redacted portions of the  secret memos  would reveal the existence and scope of a highly classified , active intelligence activity , " said the judges . The CIA has admitted as part of the lawsuit it destroyed videotaped interrogations of "  high-value " terror suspects Abu Zubaydah and Abd al-Rahim al-Nashiri . The alleged members of the al Qaeda terror network are being held overseas , including most recently at the Guantanamo Bay military prison in Cuba . The ACLU wanted transcripts of those tapes and a Zubaydah photograph , written summaries , or other information relating to the so-called "  waterboarding " of suspected terrorists in U.S. custody . Some civil liberties groups have equated the methods to torture , and have argued that government and military officials should be held publicly accountable . "  Public disclosure of certain government records may not always be in the public interest , " Judge Richard Wesley wrote for a unanimous three-judge panel . He said it was both "  logical and plausible " for the CIA to control how it conducts intelligence operations , and how it works with foreign intelligence liaison partners . The judges also dismissed a lower federal court order to release two classified memos from White House attorneys , which discuss the legality of "  enhanced interrogation techniques . " The issue was whether the material was classified since the memos reportedly dealt not with specific methods , only their legality . The court said it was not its job to conduct a "  complex inquiry " into government discussions of its intelligence-gathering . President Barack Obama has since disavowed the future use of waterboarding , where simulated drowning of immobile prisoners was conducted . The ACLU , along with the Center for Constitutional Rights , Physicians for Human Rights and Veterans for Peace -- among other groups suing -- now have the option of asking the U.S. Supreme Court to intervene . The justices earlier Monday agreed to hear a case from the ACLU over whether a coalition of Americans can go to court and challenge a federal law allowing broad electronic surveillance of suspected foreign terrorists and spies . The CIA interrogation cases are ACLU v. Department of Justice  10-4289 , 10-4290 , 10-4647 , 10-4668  .	The ACLU wanted details of CIA intelligence-gathering methods A federal appeals court says such details remain off limits to public release Details would reveal "  highly classified , active intelligence activity , " the judges said The plaintiffs could ask the Supreme Court to intervene
CNN  -- The Nigerian government is up against a wall . The inability to locate the more than 200 school girls abducted a month ago has embarrassed the government and forced President Goodluck Jonathan to appeal for foreign help as Nigeria 's five-year struggle with terrorist group Boko Haram escalates . It does seem that Nigerians are caught in the difficult position of having to welcome the help and be deeply wary of it . On the one hand we know , from the evident helplessness of our government , that we 're at the point where we can not make any progress without the skills and knowledge and technology that Western countries will bring to this battle . On the other hand , there are questions  running the gamut of conspiracy theory to reasonable concern  about America 's motivations , and its track record . "  I have my reservations , " says Debo Bashorun , a retired Nigerian army major who served as press secretary to military president Ibrahim Babangida in the late 1980s , and is now a vocal critic of the Nigerian military . " -LSB- Now -RSB- this is a good time -LSB- for the Americans -RSB- to do what they 've always wanted to do , " Bashorun says . He 's referring to the U.S. Africa Command  AFRICOM  , run by the U.S. Department of Defense , and established by President George W. Bush in 2007 . From early on African leaders opposed attempts to site AFRICOM 's headquarters in Africa . On his first official trip to Washington as president in December 2007 , on the invitation of President Bush , Nigeria 's President Yar ` Adua made comments that were interpreted back home to mean that Nigeria was acceding to America 's AFRICOM-in-Africa push . Outrage in Nigeria compelled the president to declare that he "  did not agree that AFRICOM should be based in Africa . " "  What we discussed with -LSB- President -RSB- Bush is that if they have something to do for Africa that has to do with peace and security , they should contribute . I told him that we African countries have our own plan to establish a joint military command in every sub-region ... " he said . Segun Adeniyi , Yar ` Adua 's spokesperson , says those comments displeased America . " -LSB- By -RSB- openly repudiating the idea of AFRICOM , Nigeria 's relationship with the U.S. on Yar ` Adua 's watch had started on a very bad note . It was a relationship that would remain at a less-than-inspiring note throughout his tenure , " Adeniyi writes in his book , "  Power , Politics and Death , " an account of the Yar ` Adua administration . Nigerians are right to be wary of America 's military intentions , with the cautionary tales of countries like Iraq and Pakistan . "  This is a transactional relationship ; there 's nothing strategic about it , " said Ehsan ul-Haq , retired Pakistani general and one-time head of the country 's Intelligence Agency ISI , of U.S.-Pakistani military relations , at a reporting seminar for journalists which I attended in London in 2011 . He added that the cumulative value of U.S. military assistance to Pakistan  $ 20 billion at that time , he said  paled into insignificance compared to Pakistan 's losses from the war on terror -- which he put at not less than $ 68 billion . Bashorun echoes those views . "  America will not do it out of honest intentions , " he told me . "  It 's a matter of giving you 10 naira and in the long run they will collect 50 naira , " he says . But he is pragmatic enough to realize that at this point Nigeria has got little choice in the matter . "  If we had done what we were supposed to have done , things would n't have turned out like this , " he says . Then again there 's the strong possibility that suggestions of the United States turning Nigeria into another Iraq or Pakistan are unfounded . Anonymous Nigerian defense blogger , Beegeagle , points out that Nigeria has long enjoyed significant levels of cooperation with the United States , in terms of receiving donations of hardware and training . "  The difference in this latest American effort is that the U.S are going to collaborate with Nigeria in the field -- an undisguised first , " he wrote in an email message to me . But even that field work , he says , will not involve "  putting -LSB- American -RSB- soldiers on the ground to fight alongside Nigerian soldiers . " That will no doubt be comforting to many observers . But there 's obviously still a lot that needs to be clarified regarding the extent and mode of foreign help Nigeria will be getting . For now the solidarity mounts ; at the last count America , Britain , China , Canada , France and Israel had already thrown in offers of assistance . Nigerians will of course continue to be wary , and quick to bristle at any threats , real or imagined , to Nigeria 's sovereignty . It does n't help that many Nigerians believe , on the strength of pessimistic American assessments of Nigeria 's fate , that its inclinations towards their country are sinister . And Nigerians have been there before . Shortly after Independence in October 1960 , Nigeria 's Parliament formally approved the terms of a controversial "  Anglo-Nigerian Defence Pact , " which the Nigerian public had come to believe would give the departing colonial power the right to set up military bases in Nigeria . The protests that followed , led by student and labor groups , resulted in the speedy repeal of the agreement by the Federal Government barely a year-and-half later . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Tolu Ogunlesi .	More than 200 schoolgirls kidnapped in Nigeria on April 14 are still missing The mass abduction has been claimed by militant Islamist group Boko Haram The United States is among the countries that have offered to help Nigeria find the girls Tolu Ogunlesi says Nigerians realize foreign help is needed but query U.S. motives
Washington  CNN  -- The parents of missing U.S. serviceman Bowe Bergdahl led the Rolling Thunder ride in Washington on Sunday , trailed by the roar of what was estimated to be hundreds of thousands of motorcycles . The annual Memorial Day weekend ride , now in its 25th year , is held in remembrance of prisoners of war and those missing in action . Bergdahl , a 26-year-old army sergeant , was captured in Afghanistan in 2009 after he finished his guard shift at a combat outpost in southeastern Paktika province . Security Clearance : Parents reveal secret talks with Taliban "  Bowe , your family has not forgotten you , your hometown has not forgotten you . Your state of Idaho has not forgotten you , and thanks to all of you here today , Washington D.C. has not forgotten you , " his father , Robert Bergdahl , told a cheering crowd . "  We love you , we are proud of you . Stay strong , never give up . We pray for the day that we welcome you home , " he said . Flanked by riders wanting to offer support for the safe return of his son , Bergdahl spoke separately to CNN . He sported a long beard and wore a bandana imprinted with "  POW . " His son 's official status is listed as "  missing/captured . " "  The beard is a chronology , " Bergdahl said , "  of my son 's captivity since June 30 , 2009 . " Since his capture by Taliban militants , four videos of the Idaho native have been released , living proof of his well-being . But the last video was sent in February 2011 , and it 's unclear where Bergdahl is being held now , according to John Wagner , a spokesman for U.S. Central Command . "  We are still searching for him , " said Wagner . "  We are actively looking for leads and information on his whereabouts and his condition . " Bergdahl 's parents have spoken infrequently to the public to prevent comprising any negotiations that may be taking place . People participating in Sunday 's rally expressed support and encouragement for the Bergdahl family . Retired army Sgt. Kevin Coffey rode in on his Ultra Classic copper pearl Harley Davidson from North Carolina with the Rolling Thunder Chapter 7 , the group that sponsored the Bergdahl 's participation this year . "  I would hope that he would know that he is not forgotten , that somebody is looking for him now , " said Coffey . Wayne Daniels , retired from the Army , outfitted his handcrafted Model T car in honor of soldiers lost in action and missing . He choked up when describing the moment his NC7 Rolling Thunder chapter asked him to drive Bergdahl 's parents in the lead vehicle . His three children and girlfriend did n't hesitate to give up their usual seats and stand on the sidelines and watch this year . "  I want to make  people  aware of who we still have missing , " said Daniels . Adam Levy contributed to this report .	Bowe Bergdahl disappeared in June 2009 in Afghanistan His parents lead the Rolling Thunder ride Robert Bergdahl 's message to his son : "  Stay strong , never give up "
COLOMBO , Sri Lanka  CNN  -- Efforts by government troops to secure control of a main highway that links mainland Sri Lanka to the northern Jaffna peninsula came a step closer Thursday when they re-captured Pallai , a palm-fringed village under rebel control . Sri Lankan army troops have had there most decisive victories against the Tamil Tigers in recent weeks . The village is located past Elephant Pass , described as a gateway to the Jaffna peninsula , which the army re-captured on Wednesday . Whilst a column of troops are moving northwards from this town , another column that advanced from the outer fringes of the government-controlled peninsula advanced southwards to recapture Pallai . "  When the two columns meet we would have captured the entire A-9 highway , " a senior army source told CNN . He spoke on grounds of anonymity since he is not authorized to talk to media . The A-9 highway links the hill city Kandy with Jaffna . The only stretch that remains to be recaptured is the area between Elephant Pass and Jaffna . Earlier this month , President Mahinda Rajapaksa urged the Tamil Tigers to lay down their arms and end a quarter-century of civil war . Before he made that request government troops retook the separatists ' former capital , Kilinochchi . Rajapaksa called the recapture of Kilinochchi "  a victory against separatism . " "  The time is not far off when people of the north can breathe freedom again , " Rajapaksa said . He invited the Tigers -- who have fought for an independent homeland for Sri Lanka 's ethnic Tamil minority since 1983 -- to surrender as government troops closed in on their last remaining strongholds . The civil war has left more than 65,000 people dead . The U.S. State Department has designated the Tamil Tigers a terrorist organization .	Sri Lankan government troops continue advance into rebel territory Troops capture village on main highway linking mainland to Jaffna peninsula Civil war with Tamil Tigers has killed more than 65,000
CNN  -- The New York City Fire Department on Thursday will graduate its most diverse class ever after decades of criticism and legal battles over the racial composition of its firefighting force . Of the 242 probationary firefighters joining the ranks , 62 % are minorities . Mayor Michael Bloomberg and Fire Commissioner Salvatore Cassano will preside over the ceremony . In the last 12 years , the fire department has doubled the number of minority firefighters , the city said in a statement . One year ago , a federal judge ordered New York to pay $ 128 million to firefighters who claimed in court that the department 's entrance exam was deliberately designed to keep African-Americans and Latinos off the force . "  It is a very important step , " said Ghita Schwarz , senior staff attorney for the Center for Constitutional Rights , which represented a group of black firefighters , referring to the latest graduating class . "  It 's due almost entirely to the efforts of the Vulcan Society to make sure that the tests that the fire department used were fair . " Last year 's ruling followed a lawsuit that alleged that the exams had little to do with firefighting and instead focused on cognitive and reading skills . Because of the hereditary nature of the fire department , white candidates were recruited and supported throughout the application process by family or neighborhood contacts and whites consistently passed while minority candidates failed . Paul Washington , a former president of the Vulcan Society , a group of black firefighters , praised racial makeup of the latest class . "  We 've got to continue down this path , " he said . "  We 've been assured a more fair testing procedure . We 've also made them increase their recruiting in neighborhoods of color but these have to continue ... We need a commissioner and a mayor who are committed to this if we want to see a bigger number of people of color coming onto the job . " The lack of minorities in U.S. fire departments has been the focus of many lawsuits . The last available national figures , from the 2000 census , show 8.4 % of the nation 's firefighting forces to be black and 8.6 % to be Latino . Blacks are 12.2 % of the population ; Latinos are roughly 16 % . However , other big cities have made much faster progress at diversifying their ranks . More than half of the Philadelphia and Los Angeles fire departments members are black or Latino .	New York on Thursday will graduate most diverse firefighting class in history Of the 242 probationary firefighters joining the ranks , 62 % are minorities The change comes one year ago after judge rules that entrance exam was biased
CNN  -- Echoing outrage seen in the streets of Indian cities after a deadly gang-rape in New Delhi , protesters in India 's northern neighbor Nepal are also demanding their government take action over violence against women . For almost two weeks , demonstrators across Nepal have chanted slogans and massed outside official buildings , including the prime minister 's residence , demanding better protection of women and criticizing what they describe as the government 's delayed response to issues such as rape and abuse . Some protesters in Nepal credit the Indian protests with bringing the issue of women 's safety to wider attention . Read more : Is this the start of India 's ` Arab Spring ' ? In India , the angry demonstrations after the gang-rape and subsequent death of a 23-year-old woman have prompted initial changes -- such as increasing the number of women working in New Delhi police stations and official pledges to strengthen laws regarding rape and assault . "  The media attention to protests in Delhi has raised awareness on issues of violence against women in Nepal , " said Manju Gurung , of Pourakhi , an organization that advocates for female migrant workers . Read more : New Delhi rape exposes the perils of being a woman in India Public uproar began on social media after Nepalese news reports alleging that a police officer had raped a migrant worker . Calling the movement Occupy Baluwatar , named for the upscale neighborhood where the prime minister 's residence is located , the campaign moved to the streets where hundreds gathered . Some demonstrators carried signs that read , "  Why are you silent ? " and "  End domestic violence and abuse against women . " Their outrage focused on several cases of alleged rape and abuse against women , including that of the migrant worker , whom they refer to as Sita Rai . "  This case is representative of several others that go unreported , " Gurung said . "  Sita took the courage to speak up , but it is difficult for a woman in our society to reveal such incidents of abuse . " Opinion : India 's rape problem needs a rewiring of society 's attitude On November 18 , the woman returned home to Nepal on vacation from Saudi Arabia , where she works as a domestic worker , said Basanta Bahadur Basnet , a lawyer who represents the woman . Immigration officials at the Tribhuvan International Airport in Kathmandu observed that she was traveling on a fake passport and kept her overnight at a detention center . Three of the officers took her savings of 8,500 riyals  about $ 2,300  , her lawyer said . One of the airport police officers took her to a motel near a bus park where he robbed and repeatedly raped her , the lawyer said . The woman then returned home to Bhojpur , in eastern Nepal , where her family resides . "  She was persuaded by her family members to complain , " Basnet said . In mid-December , she filed the case in Kathmandu , and it began to gain attention in Nepal around the same time as news of the gang-rape attack in New Delhi emerged . The airport police officer , Parsuram Basnet , faces charges of rape and cheating . He has appeared in court and now awaits a verdict , according to Keshav Adhikari , a spokesman for the Nepalese police . The verdict could take about five to six months but could come sooner because of the high interest in the case , according to police . Parsuram Basnet has been suspended from his job as a police officer at the airport , but he can not be removed from his job until the verdict , said Dhiraj Pratap Shingh , a spokesman for Kathmandu District Police . The suspect maintains that the sex was consensual , said his defense lawyer , Bhola Kuma Bhattarai . Although married , he had told the woman that he would marry her , his attorney said . The defense questioned the timing of the woman 's rape complaint saying , "  She filed a case so late because others told her to do so . Why would she file a case a month later otherwise , " the defense attorney said . The remaining three immigration officers accused of robbing the woman have been suspended and are under investigation , according to authorities . The victim was given 150,000 Nepalese rupees  about $ 1,700  as relief , but it was not compensation , according to Bhola Siwakoti , joint secretary at the Ministry of Home Affairs . She is now receiving counseling , according to Gurung , who works with female migrant workers . "  We are pushing for female immigration officers at the airport and strict monitoring to prevent such incidents , " Gurung said . "  Everyone has come together for the protests . " Prime Minister Baburam Bhattarai has stated that he was "  deeply ashamed " of the government officials ' involvement in the incident , and has assured he would take steps against perpetrators of violence against women , according to local media reports . Read more : End culture of rape in 2013 Journalist Paavan Mathema and CNN 's Madison Park reported from Hong Kong . Journalist Manesh Shrestha reported from Kathmandu , Nepal .	Protesters call for change in Nepal , raising similar issues as in India A migrant worker was detained at an airport , then robbed and raped , her lawyer says An airport police officer has been charged with rape
Mourners said a solemn farewell to slain journalist Marie Colvin as her family , friends , and colleagues gathered Monday to remember a woman they say gave a voice to those who could not speak for themselves . Colvin , 56 , an Oyster Bay , New York , native and veteran correspondent who worked for London 's The Sunday Times , was killed last month in Syria while trying to get her shoes so she could escape a shelling attack in the besieged city of Homs , her paper reported . "  She was an outstanding reporter , she went all over the world , she covered a lot of wars , " Sunday Times Editor John Witherow told reporters after her funeral service . "  She took tremendous risks and what she did she thought was very important . " Security Council addresses Syria crisis Asked about the challenge of retrieving Colvin 's body , Witherow said it took about a week and a great deal of diplomacy . "  It was incredibly hard getting her body out of Homs because they kept shelling , they would n't let any kind of humanitarian aid in there , they would n't let ambulances take it out , " he said . Neil MacFarquhar , a New York Times correspondent who had dinner with Colvin in Beirut the night before she went into Syria , said Colvin felt compelled to report from Homs despite the dangers and the fact that the Syrian government has not allowed foreign journalists to report from there . "  She knew there was a story in Homs , there was a terrible siege going on , " MacFarquhar said . "  She was determined to get in however she could . " Visuvanathan Rudrakumaran , prime minister of the Transnational Government of Tamil Eelam , said his people have a deep admiration for the reporting Colvin did during the Sri Lankan civil war . "  We really lost a friend , " he said . Colvin lost an eye in 2001 during a grenade attack in Sri Lanka . "  We consider that a symbol of her devotion to her work and her passion for oppressed people , " Rudrakumaran said . Colvin , a Yale graduate , was killed alongside French journalist Remi Ochlik in the attack . Also attending the funeral were News Corp. . Chairman Rupert Murdoch , former Assistant Secretary of State James Rubin , and Jeremy Bowen , Middle East editor for BBC news .	Marie Colvin , 56 , was killed last month during the shelling of Homs , Syria "  She was an outstanding reporter ... she covered a lot of wars , " John Witherow says The Tamil people admire her reporting Colvin during the Sri Lankan civil war , an official says
CNN  Abror Habibov , 30 , operated kiosks at malls along the East Coast . He sold kitchenware and repaired mobile phones , according to a complaint unsealed Wednesday in federal court in Brooklyn , New York . Last fall , Habibov hired Akhror Saidakhmetov , 19 , to work at kiosks in Savannah , Georgia ; Philadelphia and Chesapeake , Virginia . Abdurasul Juraboev , 24 , a Uzbekistan native and legal permanent U.S. resident , worked at the Gyro King restaurant in Brooklyn . He asked his boss whether he could leave this weekend because he was traveling . Until their arrests Wednesday in connection with an alleged failed attempt to join ISIS in Syria , Saidakhmetov and Juraboev appeared to live the mundane lives of ordinary Brooklyn immigrants . They also appeared careless in planning their alleged plot . One man , for instance , showed up at U.S. Homeland Security offices to apply for a travel document , authorities said . They sometimes communicated online because they believed it would be harder for authorities to trace . Juraboev allegedly discussed assassinating President Barack Obama , according to the complaint . But he told an FBI agent that he "  currently does not have the means or an imminent plan to do so . " Juraboev and Saidakhmetov , authorities said , planned to embark on the journey to Turkey on Wednesday . Read the criminal complaint against trio One of them discussed the possibility of hijacking a commercial flight to Turkey and diverting it "  to the Islamic State , so that the Islamic State would gain a plane , " the complaint said . They also talked about joining the U.S. military in order to attack soldiers . Juraboev and Saidakhmetov were arrested in New York ; Habibov in Florida . They face charges that include attempting and conspiring to provide material support and resources to a foreign terrorist organization , the complaint said . "  This is real , " New York Police Commissioner William Bratton told reporters . "  This is the concern about the lone wolf inspired to act without ever going to the Middle East or the concern of once they get to the Mideast , acquire fighting skills , capabilities and then attempting to return to the country . " Saidakhmetov was arrested Wednesday at John F. Kennedy International Airport attempting to catch a flight to Turkey , authorities said . Juraboev , who was to catch a later flight , was arrested at his home in Brooklyn . Habibov , who Bratton said "  helped organize and finance " the operation , was in Jacksonville , Florida , when he was picked up . In addition to threats against Obama , the suspects allegedly talked of killing U.S. law enforcement officers . Juraboev allegedly mentioned planting a bomb at Coney Island if ordered to do so by ISIS . An FBI intelligence bulletin to state and local law enforcement urged officers to be vigilant for not only recruits , but people who may want to carry out attacks . "  These individuals highlight the continued interest among U.S.-based violent extremist to support designated terrorist organizations , " the bulletin said . Outside federal court in Brooklyn , attorney Adam Perlmutter , who represents Saidakhmetov , said his client will plead not guilty if indicted . "  This case really makes us question the federal government 's approach ... to young Muslim men in America , " he told reporters . "  They are very ham-fisted tactics . There is no attempt to intervene , to speak , to explore , to understand . There 's just the rush to prosecution , to arrest , and to conviction . " The arrests come at the same time that a federal jury in Brooklyn hears testimony in the trial against a Pakistani man allegedly involved in a separate al Qaeda conspiracy to carry out attacks in New York and Europe . In the case against the three Brooklyn men , court documents said two of them posted parts of their plans on an Uzbek-language website , believing that the communications would be harder to trace . Saidakhmetov is from Kazakhstan and a legal permanent U.S. resident . Habibov , who is from Uzbekistan , was in the U.S. legally but overstayed his visa , police said . Authorities began trailing them in August 2014 . The three men lived in Brooklyn . Saidakhmetov and Juraboev were to appear in Brooklyn federal court later Wednesday ; Habibov in federal court in Jacksonville . The names of lawyers for Habibov and Juraboev were not immediately available . In a conversation recorded by authorities , Saidakhmetov said that if he was unable to get travel documents to Syria , "  I will just go out and buy a machine gun , AK-47 , go out and shoot all police , " according to the complaint . Saidakhmetov told an informant that carrying a gun in the United States was legal . "  We will go and purchase one handgun ... then go and shoot one police officer , " he is quoted as saying , according to the complaint . "  Boom ... Then , we will take his gun , bullets and a bulletproof vest ... then , we will do the same with a couple of others . " He said , "  Then we will go to the FBI headquarters , kill the FBI people . " In a written statement in the Uzbek language , Juraboev allegedly speaks of killing Obama for "  Allah " but notes he does n't have the means to do it . "  I also want to fight and sincerely become a martyr under the Islamic Caliphate , " he states , using another name for ISIS . On his journey , Saidakhmetov allegedly "  proposed finding an excuse to gain access to the pilot 's cabin and diverting the plane to the Islamic State , so that the Islamic State would gain a plane , " the complaint said . In November , Juraboev and Saidakhmetov also expressed interest in joining the U.S. military in order to pass information to ISIS about American airstrikes against the terror group , the complaint said . When Juraboev said he was skeptical that Saidakhmetov "  could stay calm and avoid trouble in the military ,  Saidakhmetov  responded that he could always open fire on American soldiers and kill as many of them as possible . " In another conversation , Juraboev allegedly criticized Saidakhmetov 's plan to join the military , saying that "  leaving for Syria would be the most feasible choice . " In intercepted online communication , Juraboev said his parents were in Uzbekistan . "  Sometimes they worship and practice Islam , sometimes they do idolatry , " he said , according to the complaint . "  My sisters are uncovered , lack knowledge of a religion . I wish they knew at least how to cover themselves up . " At one point , Juraboev called Obama "  an enemy Of Allah , " and says , "  I will execute Obama . " On February 21 , Juraboev sent his employer a text message : "  Brother I want to leave my country next weekend . Because I have some problem . Is it possible or not ? Sorry ! " Saidakhmetov allegedly told a confidential informant that he intended to wage jihad in Syria but that his mother -- fearful that he would do so -- took his passport . The suspect then said he would try to get his passport back by telling his mother that he was traveling to Uzbekistan to visit relatives . On February 2 , Saidakhmetov brazenly appeared at the Department of Homeland Security offices in Manhattan and filled out an application for a travel document and had his photograph and fingerprints taken , the complaint said . Saidakhmetov and a confidential informant at one time watched videos of ISIS training camps in Syria , the complaint said , adding that Saidakhmetov said he was going to "  become a Mujahid on the path of Allah " in war-torn Mideast country . The complaint said Saidakhmetov on February 19 purchased a round-trip ticket for $ 571 to travel from New York to Istanbul , Turkey , on Wednesday . He was to return on March 31 . In Brooklyn , the travel agent who sold him the ticket on February 19 said Saidakhmetov picked the cheaper flight with a connection in Kiev , Ukraine , rather than paying $ 900 for a direct flight to Turkey . "  There was nothing out the ordinary about the transaction or him , " said the travel agent , who asked not to be identified . Saidakhmetov purchased the ticket using a New York State ID . His flight on Ukraine International Airlines was to depart at 12:30 a.m. Wednesday . Saidakhmetov had earlier told the informant -- who he believed was traveling with him -- that if detected at the airport he would "  kill a police officer and use the officer 's gun to shoot other law enforcement officers . " Young people are featured in the ISIS propaganda , including a recent video showing boys in camouflage and ISIS bandanas learning hand-to-hand combat . The militants have repeatedly promoted videos using high-level production techniques to celebrate their brutality . A short mash-up clip in September played like a trailer for an action movie , with slow-motion explosions and flames engulfing American troops . "  There 's no question what we 're combating with ISIL 's  U.S. government acronym for ISIS  propaganda machine is something we have not seen before , " U.S. State Department spokeswoman Jen Psaki told CNN . "  It 's something we need to do a lot more work on . We are seeing 90,000 , I think , tweets a day that we 're combating . " CNN 's Yon Pomrenze , Jason Caroll , Connor Ryan , Shimon Prokupecz and Evan Perez reported from New York , and Ray Sanchez reported and wrote from New York .	FBI foils alleged plot by two men to join ISIS ; a third allegedly helped finance the journey Suspects talked about carrying out attacks in the United States , complaint says
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- An Ohio death row inmate was executed Tuesday after the Supreme Court rejected his last-minute plea that he was too overweight to be put to death . Richard Cooey , 41 , and an accomplice were convicted of the 1986 murders of two college students . Richard Cooey was pronounced dead at 10:28 a.m. ET , said Andrea Carson , spokeswoman for the Ohio Department of Corrections . The execution went as scheduled , she said , with "  no problems whatsoever . " Cooey had exhausted his legal appeals and Gov. Ted Strickland earlier denied the 41-year-old prisoner 's clemency petition . Cooey murdered two college students in 1986 . Asked if he had any final words , Carson quoted Cooey as saying , "  You have n't paid attention to anything I 've had to say for the past 22 years , so why would you think that I would think you 're going to pay attention to what I have to say now ? " Earlier Tuesday , the Supreme Court rejected the stay Cooey 's attorneys had sought , along with the opportunity to address the larger constitutional claims over when a convicted person is medically unfit for capital punishment . The court was also asked to review whether Ohio 's lethal injection procedures amount to cruel and unusual punishment . Cooey 's lawyers maintained that at 5-foot-7 and 267 pounds , he was "  morbidly obese " and had gained about 70 pounds since he was imprisoned at age 19 . Prison food and confinement in his cell for 23 hours a day , limiting his opportunities for exercise , contributed to his weight problem , his legal team argued . Cooey also contended regular medication he took for migraines would weaken the effectiveness of an anesthetic used in the three-drug cocktail administered during execution . He said his veins were weakened because of his health issues , and the lethal drugs would constitute cruel and unusual punishment . A federal appeals court ruled Thursday that Cooey waited too long raise the medical issues , saying he "  knew of and could have filed suit over vein access prior to July 2005 . " Ohio does not serve a "  last meal , " as death-row inmates are given the opportunity to eat breakfast before a scheduled execution , Carson told CNN . But on Monday night , she said , Cooey ate a "  special meal " consisting of a T-bone steak , hash browns , french fries , four eggs over easy , onion rings , four pieces of toast , a pint of Rocky Road ice cream , Mountain Dew and bear claw pastries . He did not eat breakfast Tuesday , Carson said . Cooey and a then-17-year-old accomplice were convicted of the brutal murders of Wendy Offredo and Dawn McCreery , students at the University of Akron . The men had been tossing concrete slabs onto Interstate 77 , and one of them struck Offredo 's car . Pretending to "  rescue " the women , Cooey and Clinton Dickens took the victims to a remote field , according to prosecutors . There the students were subjected to a three-and-a-half-hour period of rape , torture , stabbings and fatal bludgeonings . Cooey carved an "  X " into the stomachs of both women , prosecutors said . Each man blamed the other for delivering the fatal blows , but both were convicted of murder . Dickens received a life sentence because of his age . Cooey tried to escape from death row in 2005 , when corrections officials said he constructed a ladder from magazines and bed sheets in an effort to scale the barrier around an outdoor recreation area . At an August clemency hearing , Jon Offredo , brother of one of the victims , said , "  Our family has never gotten an apology from Richard Cooey . We 've gotten blatant lies and excuses . Is an apology too much to ask ? How could he commit such an heinous act and not feel regret ? " However , Cooey 's lawyer , Dana Cole , said his client is sorry for his crimes . The high court has not offered clear guidelines on what medical standards need to be met before an inmate is eligible for death . But in a case five years ago , the justices allowed inmates to at least make a claim that their specific physical or medical issues could be cause to block an execution . The high court had sided with a convicted Alabama killer who claimed his veins were so damaged from years of drug abuse that executioners might have to cut deeply into his flesh to administer the deadly drugs . Writing for the unanimous court in that case , then-Justice Sandra Day O'Connor said the court was not going to "  open the floodgates to all manner of method-of-execution challenges , " as Alabama feared . "  Our holding is extremely limited . " That inmate is still on death row . Richard Dieter of the Death Penalty Information Center , a data-resource group that opposes capital punishment , said the Supreme Court indicated that "  how you 're going to be executed is a civil rights matter , the same as if you were discriminated on the basis of race or gender or something like that . " A Washington state killer was given a reprieve in 1994 after claiming he was too obese to hang . Mitchell Rupe at one time was more than 425 pounds , but weight-loss surgery in prison had reduced that to 275 pounds over the years . Subsequent legal efforts to execute him failed . He died in prison two years ago after a long illness . The Ohio case is Cooey v. Kerns  08-6722  . CNN Supreme Court producer Bill Mears contributed to this report .	Richard Cooey executed as scheduled Tuesday morning Inmate who said health could affect execution ate steak , eggs , fries for last dinner Supreme Court declined to issue stay , or tackle broader case Cooey was convicted of raping , torturing and beating two women to death
CNN  -- Do n't tell Brad Pitt who or how to love . Brad Pitt talks about "  soul mate " Angelina Jolie , life , and fatherhood in Parade magazine . The actor and star of the new film "  Inglourious Basterds " opened up to Parade magazine about his thoughts on love , marriage and fatherhood . During the candid interview , Pitt showed off a secret area in one of his homes which he said "  is a great place for sex " and reflected on his early days in Hollywood , which included superstardom and some marijuana . "  I liked to smoke a bit of grass at the time , and I became very sheltered , " Pitt told Parade . "  Then I got bored . I was turning into a damn doughnut , really . " These days , Pitt said he 's happy with his decision to become a parent with partner Angelina Jolie . The two have six children , all younger than 10 : Maddox , Pax , Zahara , Shiloh and twins Vivienne Marcheline and Knox , the latter born last year . "  This family is full of life , " Pitt said . "  There are laughs , aggravations , irritations , but at the end of the day , it 's fun . When life is really good , it 's messy . " Pitt said his life is very different now that he is a dad . "  When I go down a path , I take it to the end , " he said . "  Then I take another one . I took the path of not having kids , now it 's time for family . Children are a dominant value in my life now , and they were n't before . " He 's found a "  soul mate " in Jolie , Pitt said , but he insisted he meant what he has said in the past about not marrying her . "  When someone asked me why Angie and I do n't get married , I replied , ` Maybe we 'll get married when it 's legal for everyone else , ' " he said . "  I stand by that , although I took a lot of flak for saying it , hate mail from religious groups . I believe everyone should have the same rights . " Pitt told Parade he takes exception to anyone trying to dictate how someone should live and who they should love . "  Just the other night , I heard this TV reverend say that Angie and I were setting a bad example because we were living out of wedlock , and people should not be duped by us , " Pitt told the magazine . "  It made me laugh . "  What damn right does anyone have to tell someone else how to live if they 're not hurting anyone ? How many times do you think real love comes to someone in a lifetime ? If you 're lucky , maybe two or three . " People should be able to be happy , Pitt said , and that includes his children . "  Would it bother me if a child of mine turns out to be gay ? No , not one bit , " he said . "  Listen , I want my kids to live the lives they want to live . I want them to be fulfilled . I hope I teach my kids to be who they really are . "	Brad Pitt gave a candid interview to Parade magazine Says he stands by not marrying Angelina Jolie until it 's "  legal for everyone else " Actor says he loves being a father to six children
CNN  -- By all accounts , it was a storybook wedding . Eighty of the bride and groom 's closest friends and family watched as the beaming couple exchanged rings under a bridge on New York City 's shoreline in Astoria Park . Except these were n't your run-of-the-mill fairytale nuptials . In Joanna Scutts ' storybook , the bride dazzled her husband-to-be in a gold-sequined , boatneck sheath on their wedding day . "  I knew I did n't want a white dress , as it was really important to me to feel like myself at the wedding -- and I never wear white , " she said . "  I 'm a pale-skinned redhead , and any shade of white makes me look dead . " Scutts is one of many brides choosing to walk down the aisle in a nontraditional colorful dress . In this week 's People Magazine , Jessica Biel reveals the custom pink Giambattista Valli Haute Couture gown that she wore when she tied the knot with Justin Timberlake in southern Italy on October 19 . Biel certainly is n't the first celebrity to color outside the bridal lines : Reese Witherspoon graced the cover of People Magazine in April 2011 wearing a blush Monique Lhuillier gown for her second marriage ; Sarah Jessica Parker famously wore black on her wedding day with Matthew Broderick ; and Sofia Coppola married Thomas Mars in August 2011 in a violet Azzedine AlaÃ ¯ a dress . "  Brides today want their wedding to be a reflection of their personality -- they 're no longer embracing tradition for tradition 's sake , " said Nicole Sewall , the managing director of BHLDN , Anthropologie 's bridal and special occasion brand . "  We 've seen a lot of brides throw the wedding rules , as we know them , out . " Sewall says BHLDN brides have embraced color in a less dramatic sense ; vintage crÃ ¨ me , nude tones and very pale pink are all popular choices . This matrimonial trend is old hat on the runway . In recent years , Christian Dior , Vera Wang and Chanel have showed bridal gowns in various shades of red , while Elie Saab has played with pewter and metallic hues . When Rani Totman launched her bridal line , St. Pucchi , in 1985 , her entire collection of 16 dresses was in color . "  Many cultures believe that the color white indicates purity or virginity and so some women feel that they are required to wear white rather than the colored gowns they would love to wear , " said Totman . "  My brides , who have repeatedly opted for color , are ones that do not let this general belief affect their decision . " Totman said her color palette was influenced by her upbringing in Thailand , where many of the brides she knew wore colorful wedding attire . In many non-Western cultures , including Southeast Asia and India , weddings are often opulent affairs draped with multicolored fabrics . Just as many women emulated Princess Diana 's and , now , Kate Middleton 's gowns , another royal set the Western precedent for the "  white wedding " in 1840 . According to Dalhousie University , the modern bride can attribute the 170-plus-year-trend to Queen Victoria , who married Prince Albert in a white gown at The Chapel Royal in St. James ' Palace . Since then , the Victorian era wedding gown has come to represent Christianity and female sexual purity . Scutts says her wedding planning , as well as her dress , was definitely rooted in both her and her husband 's "  feminist resistance to much of wedding tradition . " The ceremony did not have a religious element . According to a recent Pew survey , 13 million Americans identify as either agnostic or atheist ; while one in five Americans is religiously unaffiliated . Shannon Flynn , a 34-year-old freelance writer from Clifton Park , New York , also opted for a nontraditional , nonreligious wedding . Though , unlike Scutts , she did entertain the notion of the traditional white dress . "  Stepping into a layered gown with corsets and organza and lord knows what else , man , it made this jeans and T-shirt gal almost roll up into the fetal position and start sucking my thumb , " said Flynn , describing the one -- and only -- trip to a traditional bridal salon with her parents . Flynn ultimately decided on a vibrant red cocktail dress with matching high heels . "  Putting on a show that did n't reflect our beliefs or interests seemed silly , " said Flynn . "  I grew up Catholic and the ` white dress ' symbolizes something I 'm not . I guess , even though I am now nonreligious , it would have felt a bit like a lie . " Despite shying away from the traditional pomp and "  till death do us part " circumstance , Scutts and Flynn had one tradition they both supported on their wedding day : It 's the bride 's time to shine . "  The only rule as far as guest dress code : Do n't wear red ! " said Flynn . "  I tried on a heap of dresses in all kinds of colors , wanting something that still stood out and said ` bride ' -- or at least , ` dressiest person there , ' " said Scutts . What do you think of colorful wedding dresses ? Please share your opinions respectfully in the comments section below . "  Like " CNN Living on Facebook .	Many brides are choosing to walk down the aisle in a nontraditional , colorful dress Jessica Biel wore a pink wedding dress when she married Justin Timberlake Queen Victoria started the white wedding gown trend
Jakarta , Indonesia  CNN  -- The Mount Merapi volcano in Indonesia erupted at least three times Tuesday , forcing thousands of nearby residents to flee . Indonesian media reported that 15 people were killed , including some journalists who were staying in a guesthouse to get close to the volcano . CNN could not independently verify those reports . Mount Merapi , which looms on the horizon north of the major city of Yogyakarta , is one of Indonesia 's most active volcanoes and lies in one of the world 's most densely populated areas . The volcano has a summit elevation of nearly 10,000 feet  3,000 meters  . Christian Awui , a rescuer at the scene , told CNN that the first thing that residents heard were sirens from an early warning system announcing the coming eruptions . "  There was panic , " he said . "  You could hear the rumbles of the volcano . " People ran to a refugee camp about 4 kilometers  2.5 miles  away . Because it was still dark , it was hard to tell how the eruptions compared with previous ones , Awui said . Some nongovernmental relief agencies were poised to offer immediate help . One of them was World Vision Indonesia , a Christian relief and development agency . "  Right now , our biggest concern is the children , " said Fadli Usman , World Vision Indonesia 's rapid assessment team leader . "  Children are always forgotten in the early moments of a disaster like this . My first task will be to assess the needs of the children and their families in the evacuation centers so our team can begin to help them . " Usman said about 1,500 people -- mostly women and children -- had found refuge at a four-building shelter about 7 miles  12 kilometers  from the volcano . The evacuees , he said , are worried about the men who stayed behind to guard their homes and fields on the mountain . A dusting of ash covered motorbikes and cars at the shelter parking lot , the relief worker said . The heavy ash fallout also obscured any view of the mountain from his location , he said . Usman had reported earlier that traffic was heavy as people left the region near the mountain . The traffic was not chaotic , he said , and the road was open and under control . CNN 's Brian Walker contributed to this report .	About 1,500 people were receiving aid at a shelter , a relief worker said Relief focus is on the children , a nongovernmental agency says Mount Merapi is one of Indonesia 's most active volcanoes It is in a densely populated area , near the city of Yogyakarta
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- The miners who survived 69 days in a Chilean mine toured Hollywood and Sunset Boulevard in two double-decker buses Thursday evening , receiving cheers and a hero 's welcome from passersby in the the street . The miners serenaded anyone who would listen . "  Chi-chi-chi ! " "  Le-le-le ! " "  We the miners of Chile ! " they sang in unison . Some people from the street and even a rooftop sang "  Chile ! " in return . The 33 miners , along with relatives and five of their rescuers , landed in Los Angeles earlier in the day Thursday for their first group tour to the United States since being freed last month . The group is in the nation 's second-largest city to attend "  CNN Heroes : An All-Star Tribute , " which will air worldwide on Thanksgiving evening , November 25 . Organizers invited them as special guests . The Los Angeles police department gave the miners ' two-bus entourage a motorcycle escort from Los Angeles International Airport to a downtown hotel . Los Angeles Mayor Antonio Villaraigosa greeted the group at the hotel with the traditional Spanish saying of "  mi casa es su casa , " or "  my house is your house . " "  The entire world was watching the success of your rescue , " Villaraigosa told the group . Later , the miners , rescuers and their relatives ventured outside the hotel for the first time and found a TV news helicopter and local news stations filming them as they boarded two double-decker buses . The entourage visited Hollywood landmarks such as the Walk of Fame stars on Hollywood Boulevard , including one belonging to Elvis Presley . It was an appropriate pilgrimage because miner Edison Pena had led sing-alongs to Elvis music to lift the spirits of fellow miners during the dark ordeal . In fact , he had asked for the music to be sent down into the mine as rescuers drilled a bigger hole to pull the miners out of the ground . "  He is the king , he is the best , " Pena , 34 , said , as he posed for photographs beside Elvis ' star on Hollywood Boulevard . "  The sweetest of dreams . " The entourage strolled outside the landmark Capitol Records building , built to resemble a stack of records on a turntable . They walked to the heart of the Hollywood noir district , at Hollywood and Vine Boulevards , which is enjoying a construction boom . They also toured Beverly Hills and its Rodeo Drive boutique district . Bus guides also showed them the grand business concourse of Wilshire Boulevard . Throughout the sightseeing , the miners , wives and relatives took photographs on their cameras or smartphones . Shortly after their arrival at the hotel Thursday morning , the miner known as "  the poet " was freewheeling in the hallway with the other miner known as "  Super Mario . " "  Where can we go dancing ? " shouted Mario Sepulveda , 40 , the Chilean miner whose exuberant personality earned him the super nickname . He and Victor Zamora , 34 , the miner-poet , were expressing the collective excitement of the miners , rescuers and their families . For the majority of the visitors , the trip was their first time outside of Chile . At the top of their to-do list , besides resting after a 12-hour flight from Santiago , Chile , was shopping . "  I want to go to the mall and buy some shoes for my son and daughter , " said Katty Valdivia , 40 , the wife of Sepulveda . For miner Juan Carlos Aguilar , 49 , and wife Cristy Coronado , 40 , the visit was a double celebration -- because they experienced the birth of their first grandchild , Emily Sofia Studer , born Wednesday . When Aguilar was trapped in the mine for 69 days , his wife was concerned whether the ordeal would be too much of a strain on her pregnant 17-year-old daughter , Damaris . "  We were really worried , " Coronado said , speaking in Spanish as did his colleagues . "  My daughter was far into her pregnancy and we were all consumed with what could happen . For those 69 days , we were a separated family . " The miner-poet Zamora said he overcame the gloom of entrapment by doing something he had never done before : write poetry . He wrote 32 poems -- about his wife , mother , son , relatives , friends . He left copies of his verse at home and was unable to share his poetry . "  I never wrote before , " Zamora said . "  It was a way of keeping me from suffering inside the mine . I wrote about feelings and how people were suffering on the outside and how they would ever rescue us . " Like some other miners , he readily offered up his autographs to anyone wanting to meet him . "  The Poet , " he wrote in Spanish near his name . Monica Araya , the wife of Florencio Avalos , the first miner who was pulled out of the ground last month , described the 69 days of waiting and wondering as one of her worst experiences . "  It was bad , really bad , " said Araya . "  I could n't believe it . I was worried about his life , but I believed they would all survive because I had faith and hope . " She has since noticed a few different things about herself and husband . "  We have changed , " Araya said . "  We are more sentimental , and we enjoy more what moments we have together . " Before arriving in Los Angeles , the group made a brief stopover at Hartsfield-Jackson International Airport in Atlanta , Georgia , where the miners signed flags . One signed "  Corazon de Minero , " which means "  heart of a miner . " When miner Richard Villarroell prepared to board the plane in Santiago , Chile , on Wednesday night , the 27-year-old said he has only traveled to Argentina . "  I want to see the world , " he said , smiling . "  I know all of Chile , but not the rest of the world . " Villarroell , a mechanic , worked at the San Jose mine for two years . His girlfriend was pregnant while he was trapped . The miners captured the world 's imagination when they survived the longest mine entrapment in history , beginning August 5 . For more than two weeks , many officials thought they were dead . But crews made contact after a small borehole enabled communication with the men trapped 2,300 feet underground . Rescue crews encountered repeated setbacks . Initially , authorities expected the miners to be trapped until Thanksgiving or Christmas because of the difficulty of drilling a new tunnel to extract them . On their U.S. trip , the miners and rescuers will get a whirlwind tour of southern California . They 'll see the sights and shop in Los Angeles and Hollywood through the weekend . The visit is a world away from the miners ' experience in the weeks after the mine collapse that trapped them . In the days before they made contact with the ground , some ate about a bottle cap 's worth of canned fish per day and drank mine water that tasted like machine oil . They have said they were prepared to die , even as they awaited their rescue . The miners and rescuers were invited by CNN to attend "  Heroes , " an annual program now in its fourth year that shines a light on "  everyday people changing the world . " The Chileans were extended the invitation because their plight and rescue captured the world 's attention and symbolized the resilience of the human spirit . CNN Heroes received 10,000 nominations from more than 100 countries . That list was narrowed down to the Top 10 CNN Heroes . The Hero of the Year will be revealed on the show ; the public votes to select that winner . "  The heroic efforts of the rescue of these miners was one of the most unifying and inspirational events of the year , " said Jim Walton , president of CNN Worldwide . "  CNN Heroes is a fitting way for CNN to honor these men and their rescuers , " he said . "  We hope viewers around the world will be heartened by the story of their rescue as well as the stories of this year 's top 10 CNN Heroes . " ' The miners ' imprisonment began when a ramp into the San Jose mine -- located in the arid Atacama region of northern Chile -- collapsed . Shift foreman Luis Urzua told the men that they had a shot of surviving the catastrophe , but there was a good chance they would never again see daylight . The men occupied themselves by voting on everything , including how food should be distributed . Majority rule prevailed -- 17 votes plus one -- but the miners often managed to find common ground and most decisions were unanimous . Everyone had a task . No one was left alone . And they became masters of compromise and patience , even as their rations quickly began running out . CNN 's Alec Miran and Lonzo Cook contributed to this report .	NEW : Miners and their relatives sing "  We the miners of Chile " from double-decker buses One miner became a poet while underground just to survive gloom A miner 's wife feared the ordeal would be too much on her pregnant 17-year-old daughter But the daughter gave birth to a girl this week , the first grandchild
CNN  -- A Connecticut woman who rammed barricades and led police on a chase near the U.S. Capitol last week was carrying a box that contained her driver 's license , passport , Social Security card and foreign currency . The gray lockbox was found inside Miriam Carey 's 2010 Infiniti sedan , according to court documents filed Tuesday . Carey , 34 , died after police shot her following a wild chase . Her 1-year-old daughter , who was in the back seat , was uninjured . Who was Miriam Carey ? Authorities also found in the lockbox hospital discharge documents , keys , a lease agreement , various mail documents and a check for Carey in the amount of almost $ 1,800 . The foreign currency , both paper and coins , was inside a plastic Ziploc bag . The documents did n't specify where the money was from . The discovery was the latest twist in a story that started Thursday . The incident played out in one of the most heavily policed places in the world , temporarily locked down Congress and sparked anxiety among tourists and staffers alike . No clarity on whether shooting was justified Police say Carey rammed barricades and police cruisers -- actions Washington police Chief Cathy Lanier said appeared deliberate -- and sped down Pennsylvania Avenue before crashing . Two law enforcement officers were injured . An officer attempted to block her car with a bicycle rack , but Carey pushed over the rack , knocking the officer to the ground , according to the documents filed Tuesday . She entered a traffic circle against the flow of traffic , and had been driving in reverse when she was fatally shot . ` My sister just totally did n't deserve this ' Carey 's boyfriend reportedly told police last winter that she appeared to be delusional . The boyfriend said she claimed President Barack Obama had placed Stamford , Connecticut , where she lived , under lockdown and that her house was under electronic surveillance , said a law enforcement source familiar with the investigation . The source , who spoke on condition of anonymity , was not authorized to release details to the media . Reports have surfaced following the deadly incident that Carey was being treated for schizophrenia and bipolar disorder , claims her family has vehemently denied . Her family has questioned whether shooting Carey was the only way to end the chase . "  We want to know if protocols were followed , " family attorney Eric Sanders said last week on CNN 's AC360 . "  We are interested in finding out what happened . ... We are going to conduct our investigation , and we are not going to go with just what the government said . " Police Chief Lanier has said that officers of the U.S. Capitol Police and Secret Service acted within commonly accepted use-of-force policies and practices in reaction to an intentional series of violent acts . Mental health paperwork found at home of Miriam Carey	Authorities find hospital discharge documents , a check , in Miriam Carey 's car They also find her driver 's license , Social Security card and keys Carey died Thursday after a car chase with police near the Capitol
CNN  -- In October 2013 , my daughter came home from school excited about Christopher Columbus . He had come to visit her class ! During his visit , he told the children that he had figured out the world was round and then bravely led his crew to discover America . Then they all made telescopes . As a father and history professor , I was caught off-guard . Columbus actually did n't figure out the world was round . He did n't really discover America , either . And telescopes were n't around until about a century after Columbus died . But what do you tell a 5-year-old who has bought into a myth ? And how do you do it without constructing an anti-myth , pegging the explorer as one of the most evil people to walk the Earth ? What should we tell our children about Columbus ? I asked that question of William Phillips , professor of history at the University of Minnesota and co-author of "  The Worlds of Christopher Columbus , " and of LeAnne Howe , the Eidson Professor in American Literature at the University of Georgia and an enrolled member of the Choctaw Nation . In both cases , professors started from the same principle : Tell the kids the truth . The story goes that Columbus had to persevere against the odds to get support for his venture , because everyone but him believed the Earth was flat . This just is n't true . The ancient Greeks proved that the Earth was round about 2,000 years ago , and one even used the shadow of the Earth on the moon during an eclipse to estimate its circumference . The problem for Columbus is that he was bad at math and worse at geography , and everyone with an education knew it . "  He failed to get funding for a long time , " Phillips wrote , "  because his calculations of the earth were on the small side , he thought that dry land covered more of the sphere than it does , and he believed Japan was some 1500 miles off the coast of China . " In other words , most people knew roughly the distance between the west coast of Europe and the east coast of Asia but believed it was filled with a vast ocean in which Columbus would surely die . Instead of Columbus Day , cities celebrate Indigenous People 's Day Columbus was stubborn . Despite all the evidence to the contrary , he refused to give up his plan , and because he was so stubborn , he kept fighting for funding until he finally broke through to the Queen of Spain . His stubbornness also , as both professors noted , kept him from ever admitting that he had n't reached Asia . For Columbus , the idea of a whole new continent and unknown peoples just did n't fit his worldview . The indigenous peoples of the Caribbean , however , were used to hosting strange arrivals from all over the Americas in their towns , according to Howe . Their settlements were decades or even centuries old , built in part on transcontinental trade , and Columbus did not seem so outlandish . These were settled lands with rich societies , not , as often depicted , simple or primitive . That 's one of the real tragedies of the story of Columbus and probably the hardest part to explain to children . The complex indigenous societies of the Americas were decimated by exposure to Old World diseases , crumbling under the weight of epidemic . By the time later waves of settlers arrived in North America , they often found wilderness . It was a new wilderness , born of drastic population decline . Columbus did n't know that his voyage would spread diseases across the continents , of course , but disease was n't the only problem . Columbus sailed the ocean blue not for the love of exploration but because he wanted access to Asian gold . Instead , he found marvelous soft cotton , which Howe says was far superior to similar cloth in Europe . He also took slaves for display back home and to work in his conquered lands . Cloth and slavery defined the Columbian exchange from the beginning . Despite all this , it 's not correct to simply demonize Columbus . He was a brave man , launching his ships into an uncertain fate , driven by greed , faith and hope . Like many brave men , he believed very strongly that he knew what he was doing -- even though he was wrong about so many details -- and it 's OK to be impressed by his bravery . Moreover , his voyages had an undeniable historical impact , sparking the great age of Atlantic exploration , trade and eventually colonization by Europeans . In a very real way , this era reshaped the world , the languages we speak , the religions we follow , the foods we eat and the diseases we catch . I do n't know if that 's a reason to have a school holiday , exactly , but it 's definitely worth remembering . So if your child comes home in the leadup to Columbus Day , like mine did , full of praise for the explorer 's bravery and vision , that 's a fine place to start , even if he did n't really "  discover " the Americas or figure out that the Earth was round . He was , indeed , brave . But then explain that brave people can do bad things , and worse things can happen without any planning . That 's one of the lessons of history .	David Perry 's daughter came home from school with some notions about Columbus Much of what we think we know about the explorer turns out to be incorrect , Perry says Perry : Columbus did n't prove Earth was round , did n't really "  discover " a continent
Harare , Zimbabwe  CNN  -- Zimbabwe 's foreign minister is calling for reform of the United Nations Security Council following the "  extrajudicial " killing of Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi . NATO 's role in Libya highlights the need for more democracy and accountability , Simbarashe Mumbengegwi said late Tuesday at a celebration to mark the anniversary of the United Nations . Gadhafi 's "  brutal extrajudicial killing " shows the Security Council is not accountable to member states of the U.N. General Assembly , he said . The former leader was fatally shot last week after he was captured in his hometown of Sirte following months of protests calling for his ouster . "  The past nine months  in Libya  have demonstrated how a few countries ... can easily treat the Security Council and its resolutions with utter contempt and render that important organ of the United Nations most impotent , " he said . "  Although other important members of the Security Council protested at the abuse of UNSC Resolution 1973 , they could do nothing to stop the abuse since any effort to do so would have been vetoed by those in NATO who wield the veto power . " The resolution calls for NATO to "  take all necessary measures " -- without using an occupation force -- to protect civilians and population centers under the threat of attack in Libya .	NATO 's role in Libya highlights the need for more democracy and accountability , he says Foreign minister : It shows the "  Security Council was not accountable " to its members
CNN  -- How much do you hate it when some meddling boss is leaning way-too-close over your shoulder , micro-checking and second-guessing every bit of work you do ? Well , if you think you hate it now , get ready . Because , as annoying as it can seem today , every indication is that , as far as the stress of bosses hovering over your shoulder goes , these may soon be regarded as the good old days . The first signs of what is coming can be seen at nine U.S. colleges this spring . At those schools , a pilot program designed by CourseSmart , a Silicon Valley company that distributes electronic textbooks , is under way . The shift from print to digital , as we all know , is picking up velocity everywhere , including at colleges and universities . Soon enough , just about all textbooks will be digital . Which is where CourseSmart comes in . Not only does the company provide the electronic books -- it is offering professors and administrators the opportunity to do something previously impossible with books printed on paper . CourseSmart keeps track of , and provides to professors , real-time data about how each student is using his or her digital textbooks , "  including page views , time spent in a textbook , notes taken , highlights made , bookmarks used , and whether or not the student even opened the book , " according to Alexandra Tilsley of the online publication Inside Higher Ed . CourseSmart says that this is all designed for the ultimate good of the students , because its software allows faculty to "  identify ` at risk ' students based on engagement with assigned course materials " -- meaning : We know if you really studied the book last night . Tracy Hurley , dean of the school of business at Texas A&M University-San Antonio , told reporter David Streitfeld of The New York Times : "  It 's Big Brother , sort of , but with a good intent . " Maybe the intent is , indeed , worthy , as far as college classes are concerned . But you just know that , as soon as CourseSmart perfects the software and launches it into widespread use , American business and industry are going to glom onto it and adapt it to the workplace . This is the tool that corporations everywhere have been waiting for : a way to stand over the shoulder of every employee , 24 hours a day , and keep track of exactly how much time he or she is really spending on his or her work . The technology would allow bosses to oh-so-casually tell their subordinates : "  If you 're not too busy , why do n't you go over this report again tonight ? " And then , the next morning , say : "  Did you get a chance to work on that report ? " "  Yes , sir , I went over it at home on my iPad , and it looked fine to me . " "  Funny thing , Smithers -- our software indicates that the last time you even looked at the report was two days ago . " Oh , the possibilities are endless . It 's Big Brother , all right , corporate edition . Employees will be judged not just by the quality or creativity or ingenuity or precision of their finished work , but will be electronically stared at -- smothered with second-by-second scrutiny -- as they do the work , wherever they are . Already we have willingly given up the distinction between office time and home time ; e-mails and cellphones and text messages have erased that line . Employees are always on call . And like it or not , Americans have become accustomed to being constantly observed . Those key cards that corporations issue allow them to find out exactly when their employees were and were n't in the building ; the security cameras that dot America 's streets and malls and factories have so quickly become ubiquitous that the startling thing is not when something is "  caught on video " -- but when something somehow is n't . This , though -- the CourseSmart experiment at those nine colleges , and what it could lead to in the business world -- is the beginning of the next phase . "  You all set for the presentation tomorrow , Johnson ? " "  I am -- I 've been going over the numbers at home all weekend . " "  Have you , Johnson ? Because that 's not what our software program shows . " Of course , the employees of the future , the working stiffs , could always object to this -- could demand to be judged on their finished work alone , could insist not to be electronically spied on , could tell their bosses that when they leave the office for the day or for the weekend they 're off the clock and off duty , and thus will not be available to be tracked remotely via their tablets and smartphones and laptops . They could take a bold and principled stand and say that . It would make for an amusing anecdote to tell the person in front of them in the unemployment line the next week . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bob Greene .	Bob Greene : We all hate a meddling boss closely watching you work over your shoulder CourseSmart provides electronic books and monitors students ' work for professors Before you know it , he says , U.S. businesses will adapt software to the workplace Greene : Then , bosses can look over their employees ' shoulders 24/7
CNN  -- China 's 700 million smartphone users will no longer be able to share stories about politics without official approval , according to new regulations announced by authorities on Thursday , which took immediate effect . The State Internet Information Office released a 10-point document detailing new rules for instant messaging  IM  service providers and users . It is the latest move in an official campaign to "  clean up the online environment and rein in rumormongers , " according to Chinese media . Although the rules apply to all IM service providers , they are widely seen as targeting WeChat , the immensely popular mobile app that allows people to share text , videos , photos and audio recording with multiple users at once . Public accounts on any mobile IM platform will also need to register with authorities using the real names of the owners . There are 5.8 million public accounts in China on subscription-based mobile apps , including celebrities , businesses and other organizations , according to state media Xinhua . The rules also stipulate that , while the accounts of professional news providers are allowed to post about politics , all other accounts must obtain prior approval from authorities to post -- or repost -- political news . Dominating the digital "  This is just the latest set of rules to remind everyone who 's in charge and provide yet another legal and verbal framework for silencing troublesome voices , " says Jeremy Goldkorn , commentator on Chinese Internet and founder of Danwei.com . A similar set of regulations was imposed on users of Sina Weibo two years ago , the micro-blogging platform commonly referred to as China 's Twitter . Prominent Weibo users were later detained or prosecuted , on charges both related and unrelated to their online activities . Lately , "  rumor mongers " have become the target of the official online clean-up . In April , Qin Zhihui , who goes by "  Qinhuohuo " online , was sentenced to two years in prison for spreading false information on Weibo . "  After the takedown of the Big Vs  verified accounts with huge follower numbers  on Weibo last year , I more or less gave up posting anything to the Chinese Internet , " says Goldkorn . "  The government has successfully brought Weibo under control and has become the dominant voice there . I have no doubt that they will succeed with WeChat , " he adds . Another user of a popular WeChat account on current affairs said that the new regulation "  will definitely impact what I 'm going to post in the future . "  It 's quite obvious now , other public accounts are definitely going to be more cautious about republishing political news because no one knows how strongly the rules will be enforced . And the term ` political news ' is not quite clearly defined . We 'll wait to see how things go . " A balancing act To many China watchers , the new regulations that target mobile use has come as no surprise . The three-year-old WeChat , owned by Tencent holdings , is unlike any other mobile app . It has taken China by storm , with a monthly average of 398.5 million users who rely on the app to get all sorts of things done -- from booking taxis to sending virtual hongbao  customary gift money  . It also extends into e-commerce , gaming , socializing and posting pictures . "  WeChat has turned into the extended operating system of China 's mobile millions , " said CNN 's Kristie Lu Stout , a technology enthusiast and host of "  On China . " A Tencent spokesperson said that it "  respects related government policies in all markets " where the company operates . "  And Tencent always devotes to create a healthy and secure online environment for our users . We 'll take measures against offensive and abusive activities to show compliance with relevant regulations . We welcome users to report such instance to us via online channel . " Staying in the race With its seamless functions , the China-developed app is fast gaining ground on its Silicon Valley rivals , such as WhatsApp . But now that the government is showing an ironclad crackdown on smartphone app freedoms , how can Chinese mobile developers stay competitive on the global stage ? "  This is Beijing 's dilemma . The government wants to develop the Internet to drive innovation and economic growth , while keeping tabs on any potential political risk bubbling up online , " says Lu Stout . Danwei 's Goldkorn does n't feel that increased government regulation will have any lasting impact on innovation . "  The social media and news aspect of WeChat is trivial compared to WeChat 's personal messaging function that is replacing SMS text messages , its taxi booking and payment system , and wealth management product , and the WeChat-enabled use of QR codes for marketing . This is a highly innovative fusion of a variety of different digital services , and it 's beautifully engineered . "  Of course the intellectual repression caused by China 's censorious media , telecom and education systems does hinder innovation , but it does not destroy it . " He adds that he sees workarounds to the regulations should users want to disseminate subversive materials : "  The point of the rules is not to delete every single vaguely problematic posting , but rather to stop public opinion from being swayed by non-official voices on the Internet . " CNN 's Dayu Zhang contributed to this report .	China issues new rules for uses and providers of mobile IM services Commentator : "  This is just the latest set of rules to remind everyone who 's in charge " Will the increased control of mobile use hamper mobile innovation in China ?
Mental Floss  -- Eight trailblazing scientists who are about to change your life . Japan 's Osaka University professor Hiroshi Ishiguro checks a humanoid robot ` Actroid Repliee ' in June of 2005 . 1 . Erich Jarvis , neurobiologist When Duke professor Erich Jarvis wanted to find the key to human communication , he turned to birds . Strange , but true . Jarvis has been studying songbirds ' brains for insight into human linguistics , and his research has led to a startling discovery : Birds use two distinct neural pathways to learn songs -- one in the front of the brain and one in the back . Guess what ? Humans learn to speak in the same way . Jarvis believes this is an evolutionary clue suggesting that , when we shared an ancestor 300 million years ago , our brains were hardwired for language . Theoretically , once Jarvis and other neuroscientists fully understand this genetic blueprint , they can alter it and , in the process , make it easier to learn new languages and possibly even repair brain damage . 2 . Emily Oster , Economist A few years ago , as an economics PhD student at Harvard , Emily Oster chose to focus her attention on the AIDS epidemic in Africa . Traditionally , that was the turf of sociologists , anthropologists , and public health officials . But the 26-year-old Oster was n't afraid to hop the scientific fence and join the other side . She also has n't been afraid to suggest things we have n't heard before -- namely , that treating herpes and other STDs  instead of AIDS  can significantly reduce HIV transmissions . Oster also believes that while the HIV numbers commonly used by the UN , popular press , and researchers are about three times too high , the disease is spreading faster than ever in Africa . By casting her economist 's eyes on the issue , Oster has forced the old turf-guarders to reevaluate their approaches to AIDS in Africa and come up with new solutions . 3 . Hiroshi Ishiguro , roboticist Most robots look like , well , robots , but Ishiguro 's robots look remarkably human . To many people , this is discomforting -- creepy even . To Ishiguro , it 's essential . As director of Osaka University 's Intelligent Robotics Lab , Ishiguro believes robots ' main role in our future will be to interact naturally with people -- to pitch in as the workforce shrinks or to do necessary , unpleasant tasks . And because Ishiguro contends that people respond better to his humanlike robots  aka , androids  than other machine-like ones , he 's taken a no-holds-barred approach to studying cognitive behavior and human activity . In addition to nearly perfecting his silicone molds and metal skeletons , he 's figured out how to mimic even the most minute human movements , such as breathing , blinking , and even fidgeting . The result is "  android science . " The idea is that by using robots that are indistinguishable from humans in scientific experiments , researchers can still elicit natural responses from their subjects but also have more control over the environment . So far , Ishiguro has already learned plenty about his students using the Geminoid HI-1 , an android version of himself , which he operates via remote control to teach class . 4 . Pardis Sabeti , biological anthropologist Pulling a typical all-nighter in med school , Pardis Sabeti achieved a not-so-typical feat -- she confirmed the effects of genetics on the evolution of human diseases . By inputting different DNA sequences into an algorithm she created , Sabeti was able to find genes still linked to their neighbors -- suggesting that their success within the gene pool is due to natural selection , not pure chance . Sabeti now plans on using her algorithm to deconstruct the malaria parasite . By seeing how the parasite has evolved to develop drug resistances , she hopes to detect genetic vulnerabilities in malaria 's makeup . If she 's successful , future cures will be designed to attack those weaknesses . Meanwhile , Sabeti is n't your typical lab rat . She 's the lead singer of the alt-rock band Thousand Days and sounds more than a little like Liz Phair . And did we mention that she 's a Rhodes Scholar who just graduated summa cum laude from Harvard Medical School in 2006 ? 5 . Thomas A. Jackson , aerospace engineer Piloting a real-life Luke Skywalker X-wing fighter is every aeronautical engineer 's fantasy , and Thomas Jackson is helping make it a reality . A scientist for the U.S. Air Force Research Laboratory , Jackson is setting the direction for the supersonic combustion ramjet -- aka , the scramjet . By scooping up oxygen from the atmosphere as it ascends , the scramjet eliminates the need for the heavy liquid oxygen and solid oxidizer used by a typical space shuttle . And once it catches on , it will revolutionize air travel . How does a 2-hour flight from New York to Sydney sound ? Or a layover on the Moon ? And the best thing is , it 'll all happen sooner than you think . In April 2007 , NASA successfully test-powered a hydrocarbon-fueled scramjet engine to Mach 5 . 6 . Sebastian Thrun , probabilistic roboticist Sebastian Thrun is a Stanford professor who drives a Volkswagen -- but not just any Volkswagen . Thrun 's Touareg is autonomous , and its name is Stanley . The VW drives itself thanks to state-of-the-art road-finding and obstacle-avoidance software , along with radar systems , video screens , and laser range finders . Like every driver , Stanley makes mistakes , and Thrun programmed him with that in mind . Stanley 's decisions are based not on absolutes , but on probabilities , which results in more natural and realistic driver reactions . But Thrun is n't so sure people will immediately hand over the keys to a bunch of Stanleys . It may take up to 30 years , he says , "  simply because we do n't know how to insure a car where no one is at the wheel . " 7 . Nima Arkani-Hamed , particle physicist and applied string theorist Nima Arkani-Hamed thinks big . He has a theory that our universe is one of an infinite number of universes -- meaning the largest thing we can wrap our minds around is actually pretty tiny He did n't pull the "  multiverse " out of thin air , though . After becoming a Harvard professor at age 30 , Arkani-Hamed first made a name for himself by suggesting that our universe is five-dimensional . Then he moved on to the multiverse , theorizing that our own universe has a hidden feature called "  split supersymmetry , " which means that half of all particles have partner particles . The theory will be tested soon in Switzerland 's brand-new Large Hadron Collider  LHC  , and if the LHC finds Arkani-Hamed 's partner particles , it could prove that the multiverse is real -- and that our place in it is that much smaller . 8 . Margaret Turnbull , astrobiologist Hunting for aliens is n't necessarily the most respected academic endeavor in the world , but Margaret Turnbull pursued it anyway . More precisely , she set out to catalog the stars most likely to develop intelligent alien civilizations . Turnbull 's system was painstakingly tedious . She started with the 120,000 cataloged stars , narrowed down her list to 17,129  excluding the ones that were too hot , too close together , or too erratic  , and then parsed that list down to 100 candidates . Her final criteria ? An ideal star would be at least 3 billion years old and have a high iron content  the better to spin off life-yielding planets with  . Turnbull 's mind-blowing patience has paid off . In 2015 , NASA will be launching its Terrestrial Planet Finder , which will use space telescopes to look for planets beyond our solar system , and it 'll start with the stars on Turnbull 's short list . In other words , nobody 's laughing at Turnbull 's search for aliens now . E-mail to a friend For more mental_floss articles , visit mentalfloss.com Entire contents of this article copyright , Mental Floss LLC . All rights reserved .	Stanford professor programmed car to drive itself Air Force scientist may revolutionize travel Economist has theory to help fight AIDS Band 's lead singer takes aim at malaria DNA
CNN  -- Lewis Hamilton and Jenson Button secured a McLaren one-two in a dramatic Turkish Grand Prix on Sunday as they took advantage of a collision between Red Bull pair Mark Webber and Sebastian Vettel . Polesitter Webber was leading when his German teammate tried to overtake him on lap 41 of 58 and succeeded only in crashing into him and going off . Webber , who looked set for this third straight victory , had to pit to have a new nose cone , leaving Hamilton , who had been strongly challenging in third , to take the lead from Button , the reigning world champion . The pair then engaged in their own private duel , with Button briefly heading his fellow Briton , before Hamilton took the lead for the final time to secure his first win of the season . Webber completed the podium and the third place helps him maintain the lead in the title race , five points clear of Button , with Hamilton moving up to third place , four points further adrift . The Mercedes pair of seven-time champion Michael Schumacher and Nico Rosberg finished a distant fourth and fifth with Robert Kubica sixth for Renault . The Ferraris of Felipe Massa and Fernando Alonso were seventh and eighth , hardly an auspicious performance to mark the 800th grand prix for the famous red cars . German Adrian Sutil was ninth for Force India and Japanese Kamui Kobayashi completed the points scoring for Sauber in 10th . To complete a disappointing afternoon for Red Bull , they lost the lead to McLaren by a single point in the constructors ' title race . "  A big shame for the team -- and not an ideal scenario at all , " said Webber as he recalled the disastrous incident with Vettel . "  It can happen . He had a slight speed advantage , but he turned right into me and made contact and ... well , that was it . "  There was a long way to go and I was not guaranteed to win , but it was an interesting few meters on the track between us . " Red Bull team boss Christian Horner was not amused : "  It was very disappointing . I need to talk to both drivers . We did everything right as a team , but they should never have been there , where they were . "  It is bad for the team and we have lost a lot of points . I always ask them to give each other room , but we have handed the points on a plate to McLaren now . "  We saw Lewis and Jenson racing each other and giving each other space . That 's all we ask for . " It was the McLaren team 's second one-two of the season , with Button leading Hamilton home at a rain-hit Chinese Grand Prix on April 18 . Hamilton was delighted to have secured his 12th career win and his first since Singapore last year . "  I do n't know what happened , but they collided and we got past them and we had a bit of a battle -- a fair one , I must say - before the end , " he said . "  It was a great result for the team and I am happy to dedicate it to my dad for his 50th birthday tomorrow . "	Lewis Hamilton and Jenson Button score McLaren 1-2 in Turkish Grand Prix Britons take advantage of collision between Red Bull duo Mark Webber and Sebastian Vettel Webber , who finishes third , maintains lead in title race from Button and Hamilton
New York  CNN  -- Michelle Matson has a nagging reminder of the cycling crash that could have killed her . A year and a half later , flecks of asphalt remain lodged in her skin . There 's also the metal pole extending from her kneecap down to her ankle , along with countless screws , keeping her left leg intact . "  My body was destroyed , " said Matson , an artist living in Brooklyn . "  My whole life was put on hold for months , and no one seemed to care . " It happened in October , 2010 , on what Matson and her boyfriend , James Paz , thought was an innocuous bike ride home from a concert . "  I was riding in front of Michelle , about 10 feet in front of her , " Paz said . "  I heard a loud scraping , scratching noise , there was a second of blackness , and then I was flying through the air . " What had lofted Paz into the air was a speeding driver who , according to witnesses , fled the scene . Paz hobbled to his feet , noted the mangled remains of his bike and scanned the area for Matson . When he did not see her , he panicked . "  I was screaming her name , " Paz said . "  Then I saw her lying in the middle of the right-hand lane of the road ... at that time I did n't know if she was alive . " No charges have been filed in the case . Matson 's story is a reminder of a growing problem in many of the nation 's busy , sprawling urban landscapes : More people are using bikes for transportation amid a culture and infrastructure designed for automobiles . Although New York police and the city 's Department of Transportation report increasing bicyclists , the number of bike deaths has remained steady . In fact , overall traffic deaths have dropped by 39 % since 2001 , according to the NYPD . But that statistic offers little comfort to Matson . It 's not just the facts of the incident -- or even the tiny particles of debris from the New York City street still in Matson 's body -- that have left her upset . It 's what Matson describes as investigative inertia by the New York City Police Department when it came to her case . "  There were no legal repercussions for the driver whatsoever , because the NYPD chose not to investigate the hit-and-run , " Matson said . "  It blows my mind that this is even possible ... people get in worse trouble for double-parking . " In 2010 , in more than 6,000 New York City traffic accidents involving cyclists , 36 people died , according to the state Department of Motor Vehicles . Transportation Nation reported that no criminal charges were filed against the drivers involved . One woman -- the mother of an artist named Mathieu Lefevre , who was killed on a bike -- is on a crusade to learn more about his death and to make roads safer for cyclists . There is a growing sense among the city 's cycling community that to many authorities , bicyclists do n't matter . "  Cyclists and pedestrians are being killed and seriously injured all over our city , once every 35 hours in fact , " New York City Councilman James Vacca said at a hearing this year . "  And the drivers are literally getting away with it . " CNN repeatedly contacted the NYPD for comment about Matson 's hit-and-run and the department 's policy about cycling accident investigations , but did not receive a response . Cyclists who think police are biased against them are fueled by another statistic : In 2011 , the NYPD issued 10,415 criminal court summonses to truck operators . During the same year , 34,813 summonses were issued to bicyclists . "  While there may be some lawbreaking among the cycling population , very few if any of those transgressions of the law are resulting in death or serious injury , " said Paul Steely White , executive director of Transportation Alternatives , a bicycling advocacy group . "  But when a trucker runs the red light or speeds , the consequences very often are deadly . " There are also problems , in the eyes of lawmakers and advocates alike , with how crashes are investigated . According to statements made by the NYPD , only traffic accidents involving imminent or actual death are investigated . Those cases are handled by one of 19 members of a special unit called the Accident Investigation Squad , or AIS . "  Their role is to utilize their special training to conduct a more comprehensive investigation , employing a variety of techniques in order to establish speed , analyze skid marks and other physical characteristics of the accident scene , " said John Cassidy , executive officer of the Transportation Bureau of the NYPD , at a City Council hearing in February . "  In essence , reconstruct the accident so that a more definitive cause , possibly resulting in criminal charges , may be determined . " But with only 19 detectives , AIS resources are stretched , so members of the unit are not always deployed , even when death is imminent , according to activists . "  Staffing for these crashes is not what it should be , " said Steve Vaccaro , an attorney with Rankin and Taylor , a law firm specializing in cases involving bicycling accidents . "  This resource is not what it should be if we 're going to have these investigations . " The issue has hit the blogosphere . Advocates are pushing for a law that would force police to investigate all serious bike accidents . For Matson and Paz , virtually no investigation of their case occurred , they say . That leaves Matson , who still struggles with a debilitating injury to her left leg , with little legal recourse after her accident . "  If you lose your limbs in a -LSB- bike -RSB- crash , you do n't get an investigation , " said White , the bicycling advocate . "  Without that investigation , it 's virtually impossible to hold reckless drivers accountable when they do break traffic laws and they seriously injure pedestrians or cyclists . " Perhaps not surprisingly , a year and a half after her hit-and-run , Matson has refused to ride a bike .	Bicyclist struggles with injury to her left leg a year and a half after hit-and-run Bicyclists complain that police are n't investigating enough bike traffic accidents New York police did n't respond to CNN requests for comment New York City considers requiring police to investigate all serious bike accidents
CNN  -- After part of an engine fell off a Qantas plane in mid-flight Thursday , a passenger shooting a personal video recorded the pilot announcing , calmly , that the flight was experiencing a "  technical issue . " "  I do apologize , " the pilot begins . "  I 'm sure you are aware we have a technical issue with our No. 2 engine . We have dealt with the situation . The aircraft is secure at this stage . We 're going to have to hold for sometime whilst we do lighten our load by dumping some fuel . " The pilot then tells passengers on the Airbus A380 that there is a "  checklist we have to perform . " "  I 'm sure you are aware we are not proceeding to Sydney at this stage , " the pilot says . "  We 're making a left turn now to track back towards Singapore and as we progress with this we 'll keep you -LSB- informed -RSB- but at this stage everything is secure . -LSB- The -RSB- aircraft is flying safely and we 'll get back to you very shortly with further information . Thank you for your patience . " The video is shot facing out the passenger 's window and focuses squarely , without panning , at the wing of the plane . Damage to the wing is visible in a video shot by a passenger . Volume is low , but it sounds as if conversation on the plane continued as normal , suggesting no one realized the gravity of what had happened . The cowling , or covering , on the engine reportedly fell off about 15 minutes into the flight . There were 440 passengers and 26 crew members aboard the flight which left Singapore bound for Sydney , Australia . The plane returned to Singapore . Everyone was safe . Passengers later described hearing alarming sounds while in the air . Meg Graham said she heard a loud bang within minutes of the plane departing . "  And then another bang , " she said . Ulf Waschbusch said the crew kept passengers apprised of what was happening . "  We all stayed pretty calm , " he said . "  It was an almost eerie calm . " CNN iReport : ` We saw the debris ' Qantas , Australia 's national airline , has grounded its Airbus A380 fleet . Flights of the twin-deck planes -- the world 's largest airliners -- will remain suspended until an investigation into Thursday 's incident is complete , said airline CEO Alan Joyce . "  As long as it takes , " Joyce said , responding to a reporter 's question about how the suspension would last . "  We are being very cautious until we know exactly what caused this . " Qantas now has six A380s in its fleet of 191 planes . Airbus will at some point deliver another 14 , the airline said . One of the four engines on a Qantas airliner shut down six minutes after takeoff Thursday from Singapore 's Changi Airport , Joyce said . Part of the engine 's covering -- know as cowling -- tore off while the plane was above the western Indonesian island of Batam . "  I am not sure what actually happened with the debris and why parts of the engine left the aircraft and fell into the ground , " Joyce said . "  We 're still looking at what exactly was the cause of that . " Local television stations in Indonesia showed debris with red-white markings . A security officer at a Batam engineering firm said he heard a loud explosion and saw smoke coming out of the engine of a flying plane . The man 's name is Trifuadi .  Many Indonesians go by only one name .  He said that debris fell from the plane . Airline investigators plan to work with the plane 's manufacturer as well as Rolls-Royce , the maker of the engine . "  Safety is always our highest priority , " a spokesman for Rolls-Royce told CNN . "  We are currently analyzing the available information and working with our customers to support their operations . " Singapore Airlines announced Thursday that it has temporarily halted flights of its 11 Airbus A380s to do precautionary checks in light of the Qantas incident . Lufthansa , which operates three Airbus A380s , said its operations currently are "  normal . " "  We are on standby to go further but no decisions have been taken . We are checking with Rolls-Royce and Airbus to see if they think there is a broader view , do they think we need to make special checks , " a Lufthansa spokesman said . "  We do a lot of engine monitoring . We have a lot of information to see if there is anything abnormal and we do not have anything at the moment . " CNN 's Christabelle Fombu , Nicky Robertson , Judy Kwon , Kevin Voigt , Liz Neisloss , Mia Anngre , Zain Verjee and Ashley Fantz contributed to this report	In video pilot says plane is "  secure , " and that it 's dumping fuel Pilot announces to 440 passengers there is a "  technical issue " with engine Sound on tape indicates pilot 's explanation did n't cause alarm Qantas grounded its planes for as long as it takes to perform investigation , official says
CNN  -- A Detroit-area man who claimed he accidentally shot and killed a 19-year-old woman he thought was breaking into his home will stand trial on a charge of second-degree murder , a judge ruled Thursday . District Court Judge David Turfe said there was enough probable cause for Theodore Paul Wafer , 54 , to stand trial in connection with the November 2 shooting of Renisha McBride , who authorities say was intoxicated and possibly disoriented following a car crash before Wafer shot her on his Dearborn Heights porch . "  Defendant came to the door with the shotgun , Turfe said , according to CNN Michigan affiliate WXYZ . "  His first thought was to bring the gun , not call for help , or not answer the door . It suggests to this court , the defendant made a bad choice . " A friend of McBride told the court that she and the victim had been playing a drinking game with vodka and smoking marijuana the night of the shooting . Wafer 's next court appearance is scheduled for January 15 . Wafer , whose lawyer said he shot the victim in self-defense , was charged with second-degree murder last month after days of pressure from McBride 's relatives seeking an arrest . He also was charged with manslaughter and possession of a firearm in the commission of a felony . Wafer told investigators he thought McBride was breaking into his home , and that the shotgun accidentally discharged when he investigated , police said . McBride was unarmed and there was no evidence of a break-in , so Wafer -- who authorities say shot McBride from behind a closed , locked screen door -- can not lawfully claim he needed to shoot her to stop an imminent threat of death or great bodily harm , Wayne County Prosecutor Kym Worthy told reporters last month . "  I am saying we do not believe he acted in lawful self-defense , " Worthy said	Judge rules that Detroit-area man will stand trial on a charge of second-degree murder Theodore Paul Wafer shot and killed Renisha McBride on his Dearborn Heights porch Renisha McBride 's family pushed for an arrest Wafer 's attorney says his client acted in self-defense
Cairo , Egypt  CNN  -- By day , thousands of protesters marched through the streets of Cairo , chanting against the country 's president and calling for his resignation . By night , some defied a government curfew and took to the streets again -- armed with guns , swords and sticks to fend off looters and protect their homes . Many streets in the nation 's capital were left without security after police stopped patrolling . Kareem Amer told CNN that houses in his Cairo neighborhood had been ransacked . "  We 've been hearing gunshots left and right all night long . ... The men of each household have come down and formed their own group militias holding down security for every building , " he said . Ahmed Rehab of the Council on American Islamic Relations said the atmosphere was tense . "  It seems that every major square and every small street in Cairo was basically taken over by communities ... people are parading the streets , walking around with baseball bats and knives , " he said from Cairo . "  We did n't get any sleep all night . " State-run Nile TV reported that the military issued a stern warning to the people on Saturday : "  Stop the looting , chaos and the things that hurt Egypt . Protect the nation , protect Egypt , protect yourselves . " Still , shops and businesses were looted and abandoned police stations stripped clean of their arsenals . Cairo 's Egyptian Museum stepped up security after vandals ripped the heads off two mummies and tossed relics onto the ground , the country 's antiquities chief said Sunday . On Sunday , state-run Nile TV aired images of men confessing to involvement in looting . A school teacher said he had been involved in looting at a Cairo museum . Three other said they had stolen items from a supermarket in a suburb of the city . Roughly 1,000 inmates escaped from Prison Demu in Fayoum , southwest of Cairo , Nile TV reported early Sunday . Residents calling in to a program on Nile TV complained about the absence of security . Anchors responded by reassuring callers that the army was protecting the streets . "  Those thugs are setting things on fire . ... They are setting fire in front of the hospital , " a caller identifying herself as a doctor in a Cairo neighborhood said . One anchor replied , "  This might be a security check from your colleagues or the workers who are there . " Another anchor told her to remain calm . On the streets overnight , stories swirled about would-be criminals and vigilante justice . "  Citizens ... have taken justice into their own hands because , as you can see here , the state has completely failed us . The regime has completely failed in being able to provide basic security , " Amer said .	"  We 've been hearing gunshots left and right all night long , " one Cairo resident says "  People are parading the streets , walking around with baseball bats and knives , " another man says Anchors on state TV tell callers reporting security problems that the army is protecting them Report : About 1,000 inmates escaped from a prison southwest of Cairo
NEW DELHI , India  CNN  -- Police in India have charged 63 people with murder in the beating death of a company boss who fired them . Labor minister Oscar Fernandes was criticized for saying Chaudhary 's death was warning to management . The 63 were among 137 people police had rounded up by Wednesday -- two days after a mob of fired employees attacked L.K. Chaudhary , the chief executive of an Italian car parts manufacturing company . The others were charged with disturbing the peace in the Monday incident in Noida , located in the outskirts of the capital New Delhi . More arrests are likely , said R. K. Chaturvedi , the senior superintendent of police in Noida . The former employees of Graziano Transmissioni had gone to meet with company management over their reinstatement , said Noida police Inspector Manoj Pathak . The meeting turned violent , and the mob attacked Chaudhary with iron rods , Pathak said . On Tuesday , India 's labor minister , Oscar Fernandes , drew sharp criticism after he said Chaudhary 's death should serve as a warning to management , according to CNN 's sister network in India , CNN-IBN . "  The workers should be dealt  with  with compassion and should not be pushed so hard that they resort to whatever that had happened in Nodia " CNN-IBN quoted Fernandes as telling reporters . The minister later apologized , telling CNN his comments had been taken out of context . He said the murder of the boss could never be justified . The Italian Embassy said the company had , for several months , been facing "  violent forms of protest by self-proclaimed workers ' representatives . " "  The situation had been repeatedly brought to the attention of the competent Indian authorities , both at central and local level , " it said in a statement . Business groups condemned the killing with the Confederation of Indian Industry calling it "  tragic , unwanted and gory . " "  Such instances of industrial violence can not be a solution to any problem and must not be tolerated , " said Salil Singh , chairman of the group that promotes industrial growth . Meanwhile , authorities sought to appease businesses that police were aggressively investigating the case . "  The legal course will be followed and all culprits brought to book , " Commerce Minister Kamal Nath said . "  This stray tragic occurrence would not be allowed to mar India 's position as an investment-friendly destination . " CNN 's Harmeet Shah Singh contributed to this report .	Police in India charge 63 people with murdering company boss who fired them Mob of fired employees attacked chief executive of Italian car parts company India 's labor minister apologizes for saying death is warning to management
CNN  -- A message thought to be from al Qaeda leader Ayman al-Zawahiri criticizes the ouster of Egyptian President Mohamed Morsy and urges Muslims to stand together to prevent Egypt from being divided . The 14-minute audio message -- which purportedly is al-Zawahiri 's second this week -- was posted to jihadist forums on Friday . CNN could not independently verify its authenticity . The language used in the last posting resembles that in other messages attributed to al-Zawahiri in which he criticizes the treatment from various parties of Morsy , the former Muslim Brotherhood leader who last year became Egypt 's first democratically elected president . "  The crusaders , the seculars , the Americanized army ,  former President Hosni  Mubarak 's thugs and some members of Islamic parties with the support of Gulf money and American plotting , all agreed to topple Mohamed Morsy 's government , " he says . Who is Ayman al-Zawahiri ? Those behind Morsy 's ouster , the message states , wanted a "  secular , pro-American president to rule Egypt so they can continue with their plotting -- along with the Americans and Zionists -- to divide Egypt , just like what happened in Sudan . " The 62-year-old Al-Zawahiri is no stranger to Egypt or its politics . A member of a distinguished Egyptian family , he is a surgeon who with the Egyptian Islamic Jihad tried to overthrow President Anwar Sadat and establish an Islamic state . After Sadat 's assassination , al-Zawahiri was arrested and convicted on weapons charges . He met Osama bin Laden in the late 1980s and , in about a decade later , merged the Egyptian Islamic Jihad with al Qaeda . Al Qaeda 's boss asserts himself The message posted Friday comes three days days after another message purportedly from al-Zawahiri appeared online , although it was believed to be recorded June 5 . In that message , the voice purportedly of al-Zawahiri denounced U.S. treatment of hunger-striking detainees at its Guantanamo Bay military prison and pledged to free them . He also urged Muslims -- as he and other al Qaeda leaders have many times before -- to unite and fight . "  Every Muslim in every spot on Earth must work to defend the blood of Muslims that is being shed by America and its allies , and their sanctities that they are violating , and their villages and homes that they are destroying , and their wealth that they are stealing , " he said . CNN 's Greg Botelho contributed to this report .	A message purportedly from Ayman al-Zawahiri is posted to jihadist forums In it , he criticizes how groups treated and ousted Egyptian President Mohamed Morsy Egypt 's rulers are "  plotting  with  Americans and Zionists to divide Egypt , " he says
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Control tower tapes reveal that the pilot of presidential hopeful Barack Obama 's plane told air traffic controllers there was an emergency when he made an unscheduled landing last month in St. Louis , Missouri . Barack Obama 's plane had to make an unscheduled landing on July 7 in St. Louis , Missouri . On July 7 the Midwest Airlines MD-81 made an unscheduled landing during the flight from Chicago , Illinois , to Charlotte , North Carolina . The owner of the plane initially said the landing was not caused by an emergency . However the tapes , released to ABC News through a Freedom of Information Act request , contradict that report . ABC first reported on the tapes on Thursday . Federal Aviation Administration spokeswoman Laura Brown told CNN Thursday evening that preliminary information for incidents is often incomplete or incorrect . Watch what the tapes revealed " According to the tapes , the pilot told an FAA air traffic controller that he had limited ability to move the plane 's nose up and down . "  We have limited pitch authority at flight levels ; we 're descending to see if we can regain pitch authority , " the pilot told the air traffic controller . "  At this time we would like to declare this an emergency and also have CFR  fire and rescue equipment  standing by in St. Louis , " the pilot said . The pilot remained calm throughout the recording . Midwest Airlines acknowledged at the time that the pilot had detected a control problem in the pitch of the plane after an emergency evacuation chute opened in the aircraft 's tail cone while in flight . Normally , the chute deploys only after landing and after the tail cone pops off . The pitch , or angle of the nose of an airplane , affects the pilot 's ability to control the plane . The airline said the pilot had "  full authority of the aircraft . " According to the tapes , the pilot said he regained control as the plane began to descend into St. Louis . "  We had a pitch authority problem , now that we have come down to a lower altitude it seems to have rectified itself . We do have pitch control of the aircraft at this time , " he said . Fire trucks met the aircraft when it landed at Lambert-St . Louis International Airport . After the plane landed , Obama told reporters the plane landed because of a mechanical problem and noted it marked the first time he had had to do so . "  Just thought we 'd spice things up a little bit today , " he joked . "  Anytime a pilot says that something 's not working the way its supposed to , then , you know , you make sure you tighten your seat belt . Everything seemed under control , the pilots knew what they were doing . " The National Transportation Safety Board , which is investigating the incident , said last month that there was no evidence of tampering . An "  examination of the hardware did not reveal any evidence of missing components , nor any evidence of tampering , " the board said . CNN 's Jeanne Meserve and Mike Ahlers contributed to this report .	On tape pilot says he has limited ability to move plane 's nose up and down ABC obtained audio tape in Freedom of Information Act request When incident occurred , officials had said it was not an emergency Pilot says on tape he was able to regain control during descent into St. Louis
CNN  -- In Mexico City , the government ran out of surgical masks after handing them out to one of every five residents . A mother and son wear face masks as protection from swine flu at Sydney international Airport in Australia . Manufacturers and pharmacies in Europe are also reporting a surge in demand for face masks . And a Texas-based surgical mask producer says it 's ramping up to meet demand and expects a shortage of masks . But their real value seems to be in keeping people who are already ill from spreading the virus , rather than protecting healthy people , experts said . Dr. Richard Besser , acting director of the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , said Monday in a press briefing that the "  evidence is not very strong " for masks ' value outside of health care settings , and outside of settings in which people come into face-to-face contact with a person with an infectious disease . "  We would not recommend that people generally wear masks in their workplace as a precautionary measure , " he said . Watch for more on staying safe from swine flu " The World Health Organization  WHO  also warns against relying on face masks , especially for those not infected with the virus . "  They are mainly useful for people who are already sick , to prevent spreading . Not so much to stop people from catching the virus , " Sarah Cumberland of the WHO told CNN . The United Kingdom 's Health Protection Agency also told CNN that the use of face masks was not necessary or recommended for protection against the swine flu virus . Although it 's not known for sure how much benefit a surgical mask has in preventing the transmission of swine flu , people who have the illness may consider wearing one as a way to reduce the amount they cough and sneeze onto others , said Dr. Arthur Reingold , head of the epidemiology division at the University of California , Berkeley , School of Public Health . "  I think that this is a perfectly reasonable thing for someone with a respiratory illness to do , " he said . More effective than soft surgical masks is the N95 , which is an example of a "  respirator . " This kind of tight-fitting face covering protects people against breathing very small particles , which may contain viruses . The downside is that it 's more expensive , uncomfortable to wear for long periods of time and has to be custom fit , Reingold said , so it 's suited for people working in high-risk laboratories . Masks carry both physical and psychological benefits , said Dr. Julio Frenk , former health minister of Mexico and current dean of the Harvard School of Public Health . Masks are a "  reminder to people that they should avoid close contact with other persons , " he said . "  They also have this effect of isolating people and reminding them that they should not be kissing people , shaking hands , things like that . " For health care workers , it 's important to have high-efficiency masks , which protect better against infectious diseases , he said . But people in the United States should generally not have to wear masks because the cases are localized , he said . By contrast , it is more of a widespread problem in Mexico , especially in the capital city , a "  huge urban conglomeration . " Measures such as closing schools are the most effective in stopping the spread of the disease , he said . Mexico 's schools are closed until at least May 6 . By early Tuesday , the swine flu outbreak in Mexico was suspected in 152 deaths and more than 1,600 illnesses , the country 's health minister said . Swine flu has reached phase 4  out of 6  on the pandemic scale , according to the WHO guidelines , but has not yet attained the status of global pandemic . During a flu pandemic , people should consider wearing a face mask if they are sick with the flu , live with someone who has the flu or need to be in a crowded place , the CDC Web site says . If you are caring for a person thought to have pandemic flu or will be close to someone who may have it , consider a respirator , for example an N95 or high-filtering face piece respirator , the CDC Web site says . Some health care workers , such as nurses and doctors , use respirators when dealing with patients who have airborne diseases , the CDC said . iReport.com : Worried about swine flu ? In the current swine flu situation , rather than masks , the CDC is pushing hand-washing , covering coughs and refraining from "  giving somebody that little kiss of greeting , " Besser said . "  If you 're in an infected area or if you have the swine flu , it 's probably best not to , to not give a kiss , but we 're not recommending an end of affection during the period . It 's a period of time when we need a little more affection , but doing it in a way that is n't going to transmit a respiratory disease would be a CDC approach , " he said .	Manufacturers and pharmacies are reporting a surge in demand for face masks It is unknown exactly how much protection a surgical face mask provides A more effective type of mask is called an N95 , which is expensive Doctor : Masks carry both physical and psychological benefits
Washington  CNN  -- The alleged murder of 16 Afghan civilians by a U.S. soldier could spur retaliatory violence in the United States , a law enforcement advisory by the FBI and Department of Homeland Security warned . The intelligence bulletin , which was issued Wednesday to state and local law enforcement partners , says "  there is currently no specific , credible threat information " that extremists might strike targets in the United States . Karzai urges NATO to pull back However , the document , which was obtained by CNN , notes the March 11 killings of the Afghans is the latest in a series of events in Afghanistan that could cause anger and possibly lead to violent action . "  The FBI and DHS are concerned that this event could contribute to the radicalization or mobilization of homegrown violent extremists in the Homeland , particularly against U.S.-based military targets , " the bulletin said . The document notes that the soldier suspected of committing the killings is based at Joint Base Lewis-McChord near Tacoma , Washington , and states that in the past , extremists have viewed military sites as "  legitimate targets for retaliation in response to past alleged U.S. military actions against civilians overseas . " Massacre especially heinous , Army lawyer says The law enforcement advisory also lists other recent events in Afghanistan that could incite violence in the United States , including the February burning of Qurans and other religious texts by U.S. soldiers in Afghanistan and a video that surfaced in January which appeared to show U.S. Marines urinating on the bodies of Taliban fighters . The Quran burning sparked protests that left as many as 40 people dead , including six U.S. servicemembers . U.S. officials also have promised a full investigation into the deaths of the 16 civilians . According to the bulletin , it 's unlikely that any one of these events alone would lead to violence in the United States , but it noted they will be used in "  violent extremist propaganda and could contribute to an individual 's radicalization to violence . " The FBI and DHS called on local law enforcement to be vigilant for possible violence , particularly against U.S. military targets .	Department of Homeland Security and FBI warn of possible violence in U.S. The advisory says recent events in Afghanistan will be used in "  extremist propaganda " A U.S. soldier is accused of killing 16 Afghan civilians
CNN  -- It 's almost over . The slow-moving storm system that brought deadly tornadoes to the Plains and the Deep South , and flooding from the Gulf Coast to the Northeast could pop off a few more storms before sliding out to sea , forecasters said Thursday . But , thankfully , the system does n't appear to have enough left to be much more than an annoyance . Saying the heaviest rains appeared over , forecasters dropped flood watches and warnings in many places while still warning of the potential for continued minor flooding in some -- such as parts of New York , New Jersey , Maryland , Virginia , Delaware , Pennsylvania , Connecticut and Rhode Island . On Wednesday , the storm brought a taste of its mayhem to the mid-Altantic states and the Northeast , with flooding covering some roads in the region and delaying some New York City-area train service , CNN affiliate WUSA reported . Bob Bonenberger found himself cut off at every pass Wednesday trying to get to his Skippack , Pennsylvania , home . "  It 's just terrible , " Bonenberger told affiliate KYW . "  The flooding is everywhere . " Fears concerning a dam in Laurel , Maryland , receded on Thursday . City authorities lifted their evacuation order after the Washington Suburban Sanitary Commission said it had stabilized the situation , lowered the flow of water and determined the dam is sound . Residents from an apartment complex , a senior center and a hotel had been moved to a community center after the commission opened the dam 's gates to relieve pressure , causing some flooding . Florida sets rain record In coastal Alabama and Florida , residents continued to struggle with the aftermath of flooding that washed out roads , chewed up parts of some buildings and caused at least $ 100 million in damage in Pensacola , Florida , alone , according to the city 's mayor . A 67-year-old woman drowned after she was swept into a drainage ditch in Escambia County , a county spokeswoman said . Mayor Ashton Hayward described the damage on one street overrun by retention ponds near the city airport . "  It was an old riverbed , you know , over 100 years ago , so the water just completely blew out , " he told CNN 's "  New Day . " "  The asphalt blew out , the sewer blew out , the gas blew out . It devastated homes right there . It was really almost -- it was surreal , " he said . Pictures from Thursday posted to Facebook by the Walton County Sheriff 's office showed roads turned into waterfalls , cars sitting abandoned and half-submerged in front of tourist condominiums , and damaged buildings . "  Obviously we 're prepared for hurricanes but when you talk about flooding , Pensacola has never had this kind of flooding , " Ashton said . Pensacola got an estimated 20.47 inches of rain over the two days of the storm , the National Weather Service said Thursday . On Tuesday alone , at the airport in Pensacola , an estimated 15.55 inches of rain fell -- the largest amount in a single calendar day since officials started keeping track in 1879 , the weather service said . The area around Orange Beach , Alabama , got even more -- a staggering 22 inches to 26 inches in less than 24 hours , the agency said . Water rushed in so fast that residents climbed on top of furniture and waited on rooftops to be rescued , said Reggie Chitwood , deputy director of emergency management in Baldwin County . "  The waters rose at a historical level . ... People had to scramble , " Chitwood said . CNN iReporter Randy Hamilton described the scene Thursday as similar to that of the aftermath of a hurricane , with "  abandoned and flooded cars just littering the streets . " "  Debris from trees everywhere . Standing water all around , gray skies , and wind gusts that make you fear something will blow down on you , " he said . There was one drowning death tied to the flooding , Florida officials said . The victim , a 67-year-old woman , drove or was swept into a drainage ditch Tuesday night , Escambia County spokeswoman Kathleen Castro said . ` People have lost everything ' Florida Gov. Rick Scott declared a state of emergency . "  It 's unbelievable the amount of flooding we 've had . We 've have roads torn up , water clear through homes . I went to one home where the foundation was gone . ... You saw cars just thrown down a road , pushed down upside down , " Scott said . "  People have lost everything , and they did n't buy flood insurance because they did n't think they were in a flood area , " he said . Arkansas tornado was EF-4 The storms were part of the same system that has spawned tornadoes and other severe storms since Sunday , claiming at least 39 lives in Oklahoma , Iowa , Arkansas , Mississippi , Alabama , Tennessee and Florida . In addition to the Florida flooding death , police in Athens , Georgia , said a driver was killed Wednesday when storm winds toppled a tree onto a car . On Thursday , authorities in Mississippi confirmed another death from storms that struck three days earlier , bringing its statewide total to 14 . State emergency spokesman Brett Carr said that the body of a missing boy was found in Winston County . Officials revealed new details Wednesday about the powerful tornado that struck the Arkansas towns of Mayflower and Vilonia . The twister was rated an EF-4 on the Enhanced Fujita Tornado Damage scale , with an estimated peak wind speed between 180 and 190 mph , the National Weather Service said . It was on the ground for 41.3 miles on Sunday and was responsible for 15 deaths , officials said . CNN 's Tina Burnside , Wolf Blitzer , Martin Savidge , Chad Myers , Tina Burnside , Jill Martin , John Helton , Sean Morris , Christina Zdanowicz , Suzanne Presto , Lisa Desjardins , Dave Stewart , Carma Hassan and Catherine E. Shoichet contributed to this report .	NEW : The overall death toll rises to 39 , after a boy 's body is found in Mississippi Flood warnings remain , but storm starts to dissipate as it heads out to sea Alabama community got a staggering 22-26 inches of rain , weather service says Weather service says devastating Arkansas tornado was powerful EF-4
CNN  -- A Florida resident and cousin of a Palestinian teenager killed in Jerusalem this week is the young man seen in separate videos being held down and pummeled by men in the uniform of Israeli security forces , relatives said . Tariq Khdeir , 15 , a high school sophomore in Tampa , was visiting his Palestinian relatives in Jerusalem for the first time in over a decade when he was attacked and detained , family members told CNN . Tariq , born in Baltimore , was outside the home of his cousin , who was kidnapped and killed on Wednesday in an incident that has further stoked tensions between Palestinians and Israelis . The tensions already had risen sharply after three Israeli teens were found dead in the West Bank . Autopsy : Palestinian teen was burned alive The two videos , which were posted independently , say the beating occurred on Thursday . In Tampa , Tariq 's aunt , Sanah Abukhdeir , said the boy was visiting his grandmother , who is on her deathbed . The teen 's mother identified him in the video by the clothing he was wearing , including an Ecko T-shirt , his aunt said . "  Send our boy home , " she said , expressing concern about the medical attention he was receiving . "  He 's pure American . " An uncle who is in regular contact with the boy 's parents said the family was told Tariq was shackled to a hospital bed . After being treated in a hospital , he was moved to a detention center . "  It 's unbelievable how they kicked him , " the uncle said of the beating . Tariq is a typical teenager who takes lots of selfies and enjoys fishing , according to his family . Among his friends , his nickname is "  Fish , " after his favorite hobby . ' A very serious incident ' The Israeli Defense Forces issued a statement Saturday seeking to distance themselves from the beating . "  It seems that the Israel Police Forces were involved in the incident , and not the IDF Forces , " the statement said . In a statement , the Justice Ministry said the government 's legal adviser will investigate the videotaped beating in the Shuafat neighborhood . Israeli Justice Minister Tzipi Livni is quoted in the statement as saying the images "  show a very serious incident by uniformed personnel , while this is not the Israeli 's law enforcement policy -- yet sadly , they are the ones headlining worldwide news . " ` Am I going to hear him screaming ? ' CNN 's Ben Wedeman spoke to Tariq 's mother , Suha Abu Khdeir , who said she just could n't watch the video of the beating . "  I do n't want to see the video , I do n't want to hear the video , " she said . "  I do n't want to hear it . I do n't know what I am going to hear . Am I going to hear him screaming ? Am I going to hear him calling for help ? " She said she visited her son in the hospital , but he remains in custody . She did not know why he was arrested . She and the boy 's father , Salah Eddeine Abu Khdeir , said the teenager was among people protesting the death of his cousin , but was n't involved in the clashes with Israeli security forces . "  I asked my son , ` Did you throw rocks ? ' He said no , " his father said . "  He did n't have to throw rocks , he 's just a Palestinian , in front of his neighborhood , hanging out with his relatives , " Tariq 's mother said . Complaints of rough treatment Palestinians have long complained of rough treatment by the Israeli police and double standards when it comes to justice , says Bill van Esveld of Human Rights Watch . "  The concern is that we 've got plenty of evidence that this child of 15 was brutally beaten by Israeli law enforcement , " van Esveld told CNN . "  And instead of the law enforcement officials responsible for the beating being questioned and detained , the child who is the victim is being questioned and detained . " One neighbor shot a video of the beating and distributed it to family and a television station . Another video was shot from the other side of the street and posted to YouTube . Relatives watched the video and told CNN that the teen is Tariq Khdeir . Relatives released pictures of the bruised teenager with swelling on his lips and nose . The men delivered more than 20 blows to the youth over a period of two minutes . He did not appear to be struggling and police carried away his limp body afterward . Both videos start after the incident began , and it 's not clear why Khdeir was attacked . ` That should not happen ' Mark Regev , spokesman for Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu , said he had seen the videos on CNN . "  I think people who have that video should take it straight to the Israeli police , " he said . "  There is a separate department in our Ministry of Justice who will investigate that sort of thing . " Regev said he did not know the details of this case . "  That should not happen , " he said . "  Obviously , it is forbidden under Israeli law to beat up a suspect who is in handcuffs . " "  It 's attempted murder , " Suha Abu Khdeir said of her son 's beating . Calls for U.S. to intervene Khdeir 's father told CNN that a U.S. consular officer visited the teen in a Israeli detention center in Jerusalem . The officer told Khdeir 's father that the teen does not remember much of what happened during his arrest . The officer passed on a note from Tariq in which he said he was OK and told his parents not to worry about him , according to the uncle who is in regular contact with the parents . U.S. State Department spokeswoman Jen Psaki called the reports "  troubling " and called for a "  speedy , transparent and credible investigation and full accountability for any excessive use of force . " The Council on American-Islamic Relations urged the United States to help free the teen . "  It is the duty of American officials to intervene and secure the release of an American citizen who was so viciously attacked , " said Hassan Shibly , executive director of CAIR-Florida . Khdeir is expected to appear at the Jerusalem magistrate court at 11 a.m. Sunday  4 a.m. ET  , according to his father . His cousin , Mohammed Abu Khedair , who was abducted and killed in Jerusalem this week , died from being burned alive and hit on the head with a blunt object , according to Palestinian General Prosecutor Mohammed al-Auwewy , citing a medical autopsy . Al-Auwewy said the autopsy discovered traces of smoke inside the lungs of the 16-year-old , indicating that it was inhaled while the fire was burning . After the teen 's funeral on Friday , more than 60 people were injured in clashes with Israeli security forces in parts of Jerusalem , according to the Palestinian Medical Relief Society , a group that said it was involved in evacuating injured Palestinians . It said the injuries mostly involved rubber bullets fired at the upper body and chest . CNN 's Ray Sanchez contributed to this story .	NEW : A note from the detained boy tells his parents he is OK and not to worry , an uncle says Tariq Khdeir , 15 , was born in the U.S. and is a high school sophomore in Tampa , Florida He was visiting his Palestinian relatives for the first time in over a decade Israel 's Justice Ministry says it will investigate the beating
CNN  -- When Darla Arni 's mother began showing the first signs of dementia 16 years ago , Arni worried she was doomed to the same fate . So Arni began reading up on what she could do to stay mentally sharp . Turns out , plenty . Arni , now 55 , grew up on a farm where her mother fried just about everything in lard . Today , she skips the fried foods and eats plenty of fruits and vegetables , takes fish oil pills , goes for regular walks and meditates during a weekly yoga class . "  I 'm doing everything I can , " says Arni , a public speaker and author who lives in Slater , Missouri . And what 's the point ? Doctors who specialize in the aging brain say that dementia is not inevitable , even in very old age . Making positive lifestyle changes earlier in life , they say , can lessen the chances of the faulty thinking and flagging memory that often come with advancing years . Dr. Gary Small , director of UCLA 's Longevity Center , says lifestyle may play a bigger role than genetics when it comes to who will fall into what he calls the "  mental fog " of dementia . Alzheimer 's is perhaps the best known and most feared form of dementia . Early onset Alzheimer 's disease , which often has a strong genetic component , may not be delayed with any lifestyle changes . But late-life Alzheimer 's , affecting people in their 80s and 90s , has only a minor genetic component and can be delayed or prevented with lifestyle changes -- especially if the changes begin in midlife , says Dr. Majid Fotuhi , chairman of the Neurology Institute for Brain Health and Fitness and a neurology professor at Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine . I say , ` Dance ' Fotuhi began ballroom dancing when he was a student at Harvard Medical School . It was a break from all the studying . More than that , it was fun . Now a neurologist , Fotuhi still dances . He and his wife , Bita , have mastered the tango . As an expert on how the brain ages , Fotuhi sees another benefit : Dancing is the perfect activity to keep the brain young . "  When people say , ` What 's the one thing I can do ? ' I say , ` Dance . ' " Fotuhi says . The answer to keeping the brain sharp , neurologists agree , is not sudoku or crossword puzzles -- despite the conventional wisdom . Staying physically fit is the most important element to keeping the brain young later in life , they say . Remaining socially engaged and mentally active in new and challenging ways are the two other components to long-term brain health . Fotuhi says ballroom dancing is perfect because it combines physical activity , social interaction and the mental challenge of remembering the steps . Growing the brain Using new , more powerful MRI scanners , researchers have shown how even moderate exercise can actually increase the size of the hippocampus , the part of the brain responsible for forming memories , essentially turning back the clock and making the brain younger . "  We have found this treasure , this amazing phenomenon that the brain can grow , " Fotuhi says . After 50 , the brain -- and the hippocampus -- typically begins losing volume . The hippocampus loses 1 % of its volume every two years and accelerates up to 2 % per year later in life . But this loss is not set in stone . Dr. Arthur Kramer at the University of Illinois and his colleagues took 120 older adults and put half of them into an exercise group , which walked three days a week , and the other half on a stretching regimen . After a year , the group that walked had better memory than at the start of the study . More than that , MRI scans showed that hippocampal volume increased , on average , by 2 % , effectively making their brains a year or two younger . The brains of the group that stretched continued to age . "  This is cutting edge . We can reverse the atrophy that happens to the brain with aging , particularly the hippocampus , " says Fotuhi , author of "  The Memory Cure . " A study at the University of Pittsburgh showed that exercise improved the thinking speed of previously sedentary people in their 80s . Staying in shape helps maintain a healthy blood flow to the brain , critically important because blood vessels make up one-third of the brain 's volume . But Caterina Rosano , the study 's lead author , says the benefits to the brain of such modest exercise as walking three times a week appear to exceed the small improvement in overall fitness that exercise offers , though she 's not sure why . One hypothesis : Walking is often a social activity , which engages the brain . It also may elevate the mood of the walker . Begin early Exercise does n't help just the elderly . Another University of Illinois study found an association between aerobic fitness , hippocampus size and memory performance in preadolescent children . UCLA 's Small says the focus on keeping the brain healthy should begin early . "  My opinion is we should begin in school , " says Small , author of "  The Alzheimer 's Prevention Program , " scheduled for publication in January . "  The earlier you get started , the more you 're going to benefit from it . " Fotuhi uses the analogy of saving for retirement . The more "  savings " you build up with a brain-healthy lifestyle , the better off you 'll be in your 60s and beyond . A model life If Fotuhi was looking for someone who has done everything right , he 'd have trouble finding anyone more on the ball than 91-year-old Angela Little . "  I 've lived a fairly healthy life . I 've been active . I exercise . I eat moderately . I try to keep my mind as tranquil as possible , not get too upset about anything , " says Little , a retired professor of biochemistry at the University of California , Berkeley . Little belongs to the Bay Area History of Medicine Club , attends a class on Italian literature and discusses the classics -- in Italian -- and attends a weekly conversation circle , also in Italian . She does tai chi and goes to the gym three times a week for weightlifting , core strengthening and stretching . "  I keep myself busy , and I keep my mind engaged , " Little says . "  These are the things that keep me happy . " Mothers and daughters In Missouri , Arni 's mother , Dorothy , went on blood thinners more than 11 years ago . Doctors were worried about a massive stroke because the arteries leading to her brain were dangerously narrowed by plaque . Even so , Darla Arni says , her mother 's condition has progressed to the point where she no longer recognizes her during visits . But Arni , who has a daughter of her own , says she no longer fears dementia . "  I have a lot of friends . They 're scared to death , " Arni says . "  I 'm not so scared . Education and awareness make a difference . "	Doctors who specialize in the aging brain say that dementia is not inevitable Making positive lifestyle changes earlier in life can lessen your chances , they say Alzheimer 's is perhaps the best known and most feared form of dementia Even moderate exercise can actually increase the size of the brain 's hippocampus
CNN  -- One evening , when I was 24 years old , I heard Dr. Muhammad Yunus speak to a small classroom of Stanford University students . I was not a student at the time , so I crashed the lecture and sat quietly on the steps in the back of the room . What I heard that night changed my life . Dr. Yunus spoke of his journey in creating the Grameen Bank , which provides small loans to the poor . He told us about the incredible success many of Grameen 's clients had achieved , breaking the cycle of poverty in their lives with only a few borrowed dollars and an entrepreneurial spirit . But beyond sharing his story , and beyond explaining the power of microfinance to change people 's lives , Yunus spoke about the poor in a way I 'd never before heard . He described them as hardworking , motivated , intelligent entrepreneurs who had the power to improve their own lives -- not hopeless , desperate , devastated individuals waiting for a donor to make everything better . Watch an interview with Jessica Jackley Many of my assumptions about poverty , and about my role in helping to alleviate it , were turned upside down .  A few years after that evening lecture , Yunus and his Grameen Bank won the 2006 Nobel Peace Prize , honoring their work pioneering modern microfinance . Listening to Yunus speak that night , I was inspired to do something . I wanted to meet hardworking entrepreneurs like the ones he 'd talked about , and to truly understand their stories . A few weeks later , I quit my job at Stanford and boarded a plane to Nairobi , Kenya , to try to do just that . TED.com : Paul Collier on "  the bottom billion " Over the next few months , I interviewed over a hundred entrepreneurs throughout East Africa who had received $ 100 to start or grow their microenterprises . I formed powerful connections with many of those entrepreneurs , all of whom were working hard every day to lift themselves and others out of poverty -- a seamstress in Kenya who used her business profits to send her daughters to school ; a goat-herder in Uganda who could finally afford mosquito nets for his family ; a farmer in Tanzania who explained proudly how she could now , for the first time , feed her children three meals a day . These dignified individuals showed me how even a simple endeavor could be run with incredible acumen , creativity , and wisdom . It was through their stories of perseverance and optimism that my beliefs about poverty , about empowerment , about entrepreneurship , and about my own path began to shift . I wondered how the world might be different if more people could hear their stories , in detail , one at a time . And I wondered what it would be like to participate in the next chapter of their stories in a way that dignified them , not pitied them . What if a community of people could gather together to lend the next few hundred dollars they needed for their businesses to grow ? My desire to answer these questions inspired the creation of Kiva  http://www.kiva.org/  , the world 's first peer-to-peer microlending website . On Kiva , people can lend as little as $ 25 to specific entrepreneurs and get their money back when the entrepreneur repays . In a little over five years since its founding , Kiva has been one of the fastest-growing social benefit websites in history , facilitating more than $ 170 million in loans across 208 countries . Building on lessons learned at Kiva , I 've now turned my attention back home to focus on serving small business here in the U.S. as co-founder and CEO of ProFounder  http://www.profounder.com/  . ProFounder is a crowd-funding platform for American entrepreneurs to raise investments from their friends , families and communities . An unlimited number of unaccredited investors can invest and choose either to receive a share of the business 's revenues as cash , or redirect them to a nonprofit . TED.com : Andrew Mwenda takes a new look at Africa Entrepreneurs can create a simple fundraising website including legally compliant investment terms , raise seed capital online , manage their community of supporters , pay investors dividends over time , provide regular updates on their business 's progress , and much more . It is my hope that ProFounder can change the way we support small businesses and start-ups in America . I believe in entrepreneurs . I believe in their ability to make positive change in the world . I want to see a world in which every entrepreneur has access to the resources he or she needs to succeed , and where through the power of supportive communities -- that means you and me -- every resource can be made available . Whether you are a goat-herder in the Great Rift Valley , a tech start-up guru in Silicon Valley , or someone simply eager to see an entrepreneur succeed , I invite you to join me . Invest in an entrepreneur . Become an entrepreneur . There is a new story to be written together . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jessica Jackley .	Jessica Jackley was inspired by the example of Muhammad Yunus She says microlending enables people to break free of the cycle of poverty Jackley : Entrepreneurs have the power to improve their own lives
In the areas surrounding the southwest Sri Lankan town of Aluthgama , an idyllic coastal settlement popular with tourists , Muslims and Buddhists have lived side by side peacefully for generations . But a wave of deadly communal violence that followed a rally Sunday by hardline Buddhist nationalist monks has changed that . "  The house I owned was burnt down . My family has nowhere to go , " Muhsin Shihab , a father of eight children , told CNN Tuesday . His family , which has been sheltering at a local mosque since being displaced by the rioting , had n't eaten for a day and a half , he said . The rally , organized by the far-right Buddhist group Bodu Bala Sena  Buddhist Power Force  , was called in response to an alleged altercation in the area between a group of young Muslims and a Buddhist monk and his driver on an important Buddhist religious holiday days earlier . Addressing the crowd of thousands Sunday , the BBS 's leader , Galagoda Aththe Gnanasara , gave an inflammatory speech . Video footage from the event shows the orange-robed monk using derogatory terms for Muslims and , to approving roars from the crowd , vowing that if any Muslim laid a hand on a member of the Sinhalese majority -- let alone a monk -- that would "  be the end " of them . After the rally , Buddhist mobs marched through Muslim neighborhoods , torching and destroying dozens of homes and shops , witnesses told CNN . Following consecutive nights of violence , in which local medical staff say at least four people were killed and sixteen seriously injured , those made homeless by the rioting were sheltering in the town 's main mosque Tuesday , shell-shocked and fearful of what may come next . ' A nightmare ' Among them was Fasniya Fairooz , an 80-year-old grandmother of three , who was at home when the mob stormed into her house in Seenawatte , a local village comprised of Sinhalese and Muslims . "  We pleaded with the attackers not to harm us . They used abusive language , " she said . "  They took the Holy Quran and burnt it outside ... Then they looted the house . " Her family had nowhere to go , she said . Ahmed Rahamatulla , a father of four from Seenawatte , was also made homeless by the riots . "  I have lost all my belongings . My house was burnt down . All I own today are the clothes my children wear , " he said . "  I do n't know where to go from here . My children are all frightened and in a state of shock . " The surrounding area is in lockdown in the aftermath of the rioting , the country 's worst communal violence in years . Soldiers on armored troop carriers watch over once bustling streets ; shutters are drawn on the charred remains of arson-hit stores . In a nearby house , U.S. citizen Rameeza Nizar , 47 , found herself unexpectedly stranded in her bedridden mother 's home during a visit from Washington D.C. for a family event . "  Every night has been a nightmare , " she told CNN . "  We have not slept for fear there would be attacks . We kept our lights switched off but remained together inside the house . " ` Cycle of fear ' Ayoob Saja , a doctor at a local hospital and a Muslim , said his community was in a "  cycle of fear " as a result of the violence , in which the vast majority of those treated for injuries were Muslims . He said three of the dead were Muslims , two of whom were fatally shot during the rampage on Sunday , and another who died of his injuries Tuesday . The fourth fatality was a Tamil who worked as a watchman on a Muslim-owned farm in the nearby town of Welipenna , and was attacked during continued violence on Monday night . Sixteen people had been seriously injured , he said , including a young man whose leg was amputated Wednesday , while hundreds of others sustained lesser injuries . More than 80 homes were also destroyed in the rioting , he said . While a heavy military presence has been brought in to enforce a curfew and prevent further violence , it has given little comfort to the community , he said . "  The armed forces are supporting the majority , " he said , referring to the mostly Buddhist Sinhalese who account for about three-quarters of Sri Lanka 's population . About 10 % of the country is Muslim , according to the 2011 census . "  They are guarding the majority people who attack our people . " The group blamed for inciting the violence , the Bodu Bala Sena , has denied any responsibility . Contacted by CNN , Gnanasara said he was unavailable to comment . But Dilantha Vithanage , the BBS 's chief executive , told CNN "  we categorically deny any involvement by our membership in reported attacks . " He said the earlier assault on the monk on a Buddhist holy day had upset people in the Sinhalese community . Referring to Gnanasara 's speech , he said : "  It is true our priest spoke in strong words . He blessed the people after chanting verses . He preached to them to conduct themselves peacefully . " The allegations against BBS , he said , were "  an attempt to bring disrespect to Buddhist clergy and Buddhism . " Tacit political approval ? Buddhist radicalism has been on the rise in Sri Lanka , much as in Myanmar , where a monk-led Buddhist nationalist movement has been blamed for drumming up deadly mob violence against minority Muslim groups . On Thursday , a prominent moderate Buddhist monk who had campaigned for interfaith harmony was found bound and dumped on a road on the outskirts of Colombo , after apparently having been abducted and assaulted , police said . The alleged victim , Wataraka Vijitha Thero , had previously been publicly threatened by Gnanasara during an interfaith press conference held with Muslim leaders in April , a police spokesman said . He was found with cuts to his body Thursday and had been hospitalized . Many in Sri Lanka , including President Mahinda Rajapaksa 's own political allies within government , are critical of the authorities for allowing the communal violence to occur . Mangala Samaraweera , an opposition lawmaker for the southern Matara District , told CNN that he believed the Bodu Bala Sena has the tacit support of the Rajapaksa government , a view shared by many Sri Lankans . Rajapaksa has publicly denied any link . The Bodu Bala Sena has largely been able to operate with impunity , with previous attacks attributed to the organization going unpunished . Rauff Hakeem , Sri Lanka 's Minister of Justice and the leader the country 's largest Muslim political party , said in parliament that police had been asked to stop the rally but had failed to heed the request . He also blamed BBS for inciting the "  orgy of attacks against Muslims , " and told CNN he was weighing his party 's future in the government -- made up of an alliance of parties -- pending the official response to the violence . Mohamed Aslam , the local lawmaker for Hakeem 's Sri Lanka Muslim Congress , also blamed police for allowing the rally to take place , and said he had nearly been shot in the aftermath . "  Muslims and Sinhalese in this area have been leading peaceful lives helping each other . This is the first time police have allowed such a meeting , where mobs were incited , to take place , " he told CNN . "  The meeting on Sunday by the Bodu Bala Sena roused religious sentiments . Mobs went on the attack . The police looked the other way . " Police : We took precautions But police Senior Superintendent Roshan Silva , in charge of the district where the violence took place , denied any police responsibility for the violence . "  We took all precautions . The allegation that we were inactive is false . We had deployed police all around . " Police said 55 arrests have been made over the violence , while probes by the criminal investigation department and Colombo crimes division look into larger questions around criminal culpability for allowing the rally to proceed . A group of more than 300 concerned Sri Lankans , including academics , lawyers and journalists , signed an open letter condemning the BBS 's "  hate speech , " saying they believed the violence was directly linked to the inflammatory comments by Gnanasara . "  We therefore call upon the authorities to take immediate steps to arrest and charge him for the deaths and destruction in the area , " read the letter . Returning to the country after a G77 meeting of developing nations in Bolivia , Rajapaksa visited an affected Muslim town and vowed that an "  impartial inquiry would be held and those responsible punished . " He made no reference to the BBS . Many Muslim businesses in Sri Lanka 's capital were shut Thursday in protest at the violence .	Muslims in Sri Lanka are fearful after a wave of deadly violence by Buddhist mobs Sunday A hardline Buddhist nationalist group led by monks is accused of inciting the crowds at a rally The accused group , Bodu Bala Sena , denies any responsibility for the violence A moderate monk who urged interfaith harmony has been abducted and assaulted , police say
WINNENDEN , Germany  CNN  -- Students jumped out of windows and locked themselves in classrooms as a former pupil rampaged through a German school with a gun , killing at least a dozen people there Wednesday , a student at the school told CNN . People lay flowers at the school Wednesday . "  Suddenly there were police standing in front of me and told us to run outside quickly , " Luisa Santonastaso , 16 , said . "  At first we did n't know what to do . So first we went to the class and picked up some of our classmates and ran out . "  Then we heard that someone was inside shooting . Then we also saw a teacher who had blood on his hands because he wanted to help a female teacher who sacrificed herself for a student -- she stood in front of a student to protect her , " the girl told CNN by phone from Germany . "  The guy just entered the classroom and started shooting and a friend of mine was panicking so much that she jumped out of a window . I think she broke her arm . She 's in hospital now . " Santonastaso 's friend was not the only one who jumped , she said . Dressed in military gear , the gunman -- identified by police as Tim Kretschmer , 17 -- killed a total of 15 people in two different towns before he died . Watch more about the shootings " Initial indications are that he shot himself , but police are continuing to investigate , said Erwin Hetger , the regional chief of police . The rampage in Winnenden , a small town about 20 kilometers  12 miles  northeast of Stuttgart , and spread to neighboring Wendlingen . As people at Albertville-Realschule Winnenden school -- where Kretschmer used to be a student -- realized what was happening , many burst into tears , Santonastaso said . "  Everybody was crying because nobody could really imagine what had just happened . They brought us to the swimming pool hall in Winnenden for security reasons , " she said . "  Then all our parents were called because no child was allowed to leave without parents , " she continued . At least one parent got awful news when she arrived . "  One mother came and the teachers had to tell her that her child had been injured or shot dead , and then she cried really hard and fainted , " Santonastaso said . iReport.com : Town in shock over shooting Santonastaso 's own parents were more fortunate . "  When I first called to tell them what had happened they wanted to come right away , but I told them that was n't possible because we were being brought to somewhere safe , " she said . Later , she said : "  My parents and my friend came and we went out with them . Out there it got a bit better . " CNN 's Marco Woldt and Lianne Turner contributed to this report	Student tells how classes turned to horror at hands of rampaging gunman She says one teacher shot when she put herself between the gunman and a student Students jumped from windows to escape killer Gunman killed 15 people in two German towns near Stuttgart
Philadelphia , Pennsylvania  CNN  -- They were roaming the halls of South Philadelphia High School looking for a fight . Their target , according to police : Asian students . By the end of the school day , as many as 30 students of Asian descent had been physically attacked and many were sent to the hospital for treatment , according to school and law enforcement officials . Wei Chen , who was a senior at the time , remembers December 3 , 2009 , like it was yesterday . "  They were sitting along the wall , " he recalled . "  I saw the one student , his whole T-shirt -LSB- was bloody -RSB- because his nose is broken . " Wei was not injured in last year 's melee , but he said the violence was racial tension between black and Asian immigrant students reaching its breaking point . After being attacked as a freshman and witnessing other attacks on Asian students , Wei founded the Chinese Student Association to help new Chinese students -- many who recently immigrated to the country -- adjust to life at South Philly High . He also kept track of the incidents of violence against Asian students . Last year 's altercation was the final straw . Wei and 50 other students organized an eight-day boycott of the school . They wanted to draw attention to what they felt was an inadequate response by the school staff to the ongoing harassment and violence leading up to the December 3 incident . "  School should be safe , " he said . "  The school should be responsible for students ' safety . This is important . " Bach Tong , a native of Vietnam , was one of the students who participated in the boycott . He said standing up for what he believed in helped him find his voice . "  You know , I see not everyone speak up , so I need to stand up for myself 'cause I see myself in there , I see trouble in there , " said Tong , who was a sophomore at the time of the incident . "  I can not be selfish and stay aside to watch other people fixing stuff for me . I mean , I need to stand up and -LSB- fix -RSB- stuff for myself . " During those eight days , Wei , Tong and the other students met in Philadelphia 's Chinatown neighborhood during school hours , doing their schoolwork , holding rallies , and talking about ways to deal with violence at the school . Despite taking a stand , Tong transferred out of South Philly High a year later , fearing for his safety and concerned about his education . Nevertheless , the boycott helped trigger nationwide attention to the violence against Asian students at South Philly High . Months later , a federal investigation was launched following a formal civil rights complaint filed by the Asian American Legal Defense Fund . "  It 's huge , " said Cecilia Chen , staff attorney for the Asian American Legal Defense Fund . "  It 's basically the federal government coming in and saying that the school district has failed to protect the constitutional rights of its students , which they have an obligation to do , " Chen said . According to the complaint , "  the District and the School acted with ` deliberate indifference ' to the harassment against Asian students and ` intentional disregard for the welfare of Asian students ' " at the school . The Justice Department , which announced its investigation in August , has instructed the school system to improve the treatment of Asian students . And today , the perception among students and their families is that things are slowly changing . The school 's principal resigned in May , security has been increased , and the school district has said there have been fewer reports of student assaults . The superintendent of schools did not return CNN 's calls for a comment , but the school 's new principal , Otis Hackney , says security at South Philly High is his top priority . "  There is no room for bullying at school , " Hackney said in a recent phone interview . "  As principal , my No. 1 priority is to make sure my building is safe . " Hackney is the fifth principal in six years at South Philly High . A West Philadelphia native , Hackney wants his school off the state 's "  persistently dangerous " list , as well as meeting the Adequate Yearly Progress requirements , something his school has not achieved , he said . Hackney used education "  to change his situation , " he said . "  I care because I was built this way , " he said . "  I just truly see education as the way . " Next month , South Philly High students will launch a campaign for nonviolent schools with the help of the city 's youth-led Philadelphia Student Union . The campaign seeks to improve school climate and enhance the trust between students and staff . Student Union member Shania Morris was in the eighth grade when last December 's violence erupted at South Philly . Moved by the boycott , she wanted to make a difference in schools . "  We just want to fight to make a change in our schools so that they 're nonviolent , " said Morris , now a high school freshman . "  What we believe is that nonviolence is power that helps people rather than hurts . " While things have improved , it is a bittersweet accomplishment , says advocate Helen Gym , a board member for Asian Americans United . "  For all the wonderful students that we 've worked with who stood up around the issue , we 've lost dozens more , " said Gym , who helped many Asian students document their experiences . "  Kids who just dropped out , kids who just gave up , kids who are lost . You know this is some small consolation , but ... we lost a generation of kids . " But for Wei Chen , who now attends Community College of Philadelphia , speaking out helped him find his inner strength . "  We have the power to change ; we can do something , " he said . "  It 's not only adults who can do something , we can do something . I trust this . "	Last December , as many as 30 Asian students were attacked at South Philly High Asian students boycotted the school to protest what they felt was a lack of response The Justice Department has instructed the school to better protect Asian students New principal Otis Hackney says security is his "  No. 1 priority "
CNN  -- Texas Gov. Rick Perry 's Twitter account sent a disparaging graphic of Travis County District Attorney Rosemary Lehmberg Sunday night . Less than an hour later , he followed up with a tweet calling the graphic unauthorized . The disparaging picture of Lehmberg was a graphic created by a conservative group , but she is a central figure in Perry 's legal challenges . The potential 2016 Republican presidential candidate has been charged with two felonies , accused of coercion of a public servant and abuse of his official capacity relating to a veto threat over funding for a the state 's Public Integrity Unit run by Lehmberg , who had been charged with drunk driving and refused to resign . At the time of the veto , the Public Integrity Unit was investigating the Texas Cancer Prevention and Research Institute . Democrats say the attempt to slash the unit 's funding was in response to the CPRIT investigation as questions arose about payouts from the organization to Perry 's friends . Perry 's attorneys have called the claim a "  red herring . " Believe it or not , politicians do regret tweets , and there 's an entire website , Politwoops , dedicated to preserving politicos ' deleted tweets for your reading pleasure . Does Rick Perry 's indictment hold water ?	Texas Gov. Rick Perry 's Twitter account sent a disparaging graphic of the district attorney Less than an hour later , Perry said he did "  not condone " it
CNN  In some ways , America 's president pilots our ship of state as a captain pilots a jumbo jet , and this analogy suggests one possible way to avoid a repeat of the Germanwings massacre : Give the plane 's flight crew certain powers akin to those given to America 's Cabinet in the rare and terrifying situation when the president and vice president are at swords ' point . Some background . Both presidents and plane captains must be shielded from lunatics and terrorists . This is why airlines across the world hardened cockpit doors after 9/11 and why Americans of all stripes are outraged by stories that the Secret Service on several occasions has failed to maintain proper security at the White House . Both presidents and plane captains are human , and subject to all the frailties of humans , from temporary disabilities created by bathroom breaks  for pilots  and scheduled surgeries  for presidents  to sudden death . Transitions in both the Oval Office and the cockpit should be made as smooth as possible . Hence the need for a vice president at the ready , able to take over at a moment 's notice . The obvious aviation analogy here is the second pilot in the cockpit . In case of sudden death , the vice president or co-pilot simply takes over immediately . In case of a temporary disability -- say , a scheduled surgery under general anesthesia -- the president can hand over control to the vice president and then take back control when the disability ends . It is exactly what happened when President George W. Bush underwent planned colonoscopies in 2002 and 2007 . On both occasions , Bush handed the tiller to his trusted co-pilot , Dick Cheney , and then resumed control when ready , under rules clearly laid out by the Constitution 's 25th Amendment -- an amendment drafted and ratified after the shocking assassination of President John F. Kennedy . But what happens if a president is unable to predict his own future disability , or unable to recognize a genuine disability when it arises ? The 25th Amendment allows the vice president to take over control in this situation , but to do so , the vice president needs the support of a majority of Cabinet officers -- officials previously appointed by the president himself and thus unlikely to support any inappropriate vice presidential power grab . On a jumbo jet , a co-pilot may likewise take over in certain situations . But current airplane architecture fails to use the crew in the optimal way . When one officer has barricaded himself in the cockpit and the other officer is banging on the door demanding entry , current airplane design enables the man in the cockpit unilaterally to block the demand for entrance with the flick of a switch . Think of this as an absolute veto .  Some airlines get around the problem with a rule that a flight attendant must replace a pilot so that there will always be at least two people in the cockpit . But suppose instead that airlines were to borrow sensibly a page from America 's Constitution . The man in the cockpit could temporarily block entrance , but this veto could be overridden if -- and only if -- the door-banging officer is backed by a majority of the flight attendants . The need for some sort of secure cockpit lock is obvious . Perhaps the officer banging on the door has gone mad , or is being held hostage at knifepoint , or is a terrorist mole . But the need for an override is also obvious . Perhaps the man in the cockpit is the bad guy . And just as America 's Cabinet officers are well-positioned to decide any dispute between a president and vice president wrestling over the key to the Oval Office , so too with an airplane 's crew : The cockpit lock button could be electronically overridden whenever a majority of flight attendants punched in their own individual passcodes in sequence on a keypad somewhere outside the cockpit door . This proposed technological fix will not prevent all future tragedies . No human system is foolproof . But giving the crew a collective key brings more human minds into the equation -- as does the 25th Amendment 's rule empowering the Cabinet to resolve certain terrifying disputes at the highest level of executive power . On planes , as in a constitutional democracy , there is often safety in numbers .	Akhil Amar : When a leader is irrational or incapacitated , we need an override mechanism Amar : Airlines could learn from system used in U.S. Constitution to replace disabled president
CNN  -- How did Amazon.com manage to build a tablet computer for less than the $ 199 price tag ? According to analysts ' estimates , the company could n't . In order to meet the low asking price , Amazon will sell the Kindle Fire at a loss when it debuts on November 15 , analysts said . The Internet 's largest retailer is apparently aiming to make up the costs by selling other goods , as it and other retail giants such as Wal-Mart Stores often do . Each Fire costs $ 209.63 to build , which includes paying for parts and manufacturing , according to technology research firm IHS iSuppli . That amount does not factor in research-and-development investments or marketing , executives for the firm have said . The preliminary estimate is typically based on analysts ' talks with people in the supply chain and does not change significantly once iSuppli is able to tear down the hardware for a thorough report , executives say . Shortly after Amazon 's announcement on Wednesday , Piper Jaffray analyst Gene Munster sent a note to investors saying Amazon is likely to lose $ 50 on each sale of the Fire . When factoring in marketing and other costs , Munster 's estimate could jibe with iSuppli 's . Another analyst group , UBM TechInsights , says the parts cost $ 150 , not including assembly . Even if this estimate is accurate , the margins for Amazon would be razor thin . Amazon is making a potentially expensive entrance into the tablet market with its aggressively priced tablet . The company could make up for the losses with digital sales or physical products bought through its online store using the tablet . It could also heavily market the Amazon Prime club subscription to Fire customers . Though , over what timeframe Amazon will recoup its costs is unclear . "  We 're very excited about tablet computers , " Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos said in a television interview last year , "  because they have great Web browsers , and they make it easier for people to shop at Amazon . " Factoring in projections for all of the e-books , music and video that customers will likely purchase for the device , Amazon is expected to turn a profit of $ 10 per Fire , iSuppli said in a statement . By contrast , Apple 's iPad 2 , the most popular tablet , costs $ 333.25 to make , iSuppli says . The iPad costs at least $ 499 at stores . Not including Apple 's expensive marketing campaigns , that 's more than $ 100 in profit on each sale with better margins for the more expensive models that have larger storage capacities . The strategy to lowball the price of a sought-after product in order to "  upsell " customers on other merchandise is common for retailers , but is less so in electronics hardware . Hewlett-Packard has found buyers after slashing the price of its TouchPad tablet to $ 99 , which it only did because the company is discontinuing the product . However , the business strategy is not unheard of . Microsoft was able to break into the video-game market by selling the original Xbox , then the most powerful console , at a loss . In the next game generation , it took Sony years for the PlayStation 3 's manufacturing costs to come close to catching the price customers paid . In that industry , console makers reap licensing fees from game software publishers . Amazon , too , can try to make up its losses on software . It hosts an app store , digital music retailer , streaming video service and bookstore , all of which it takes a cut from . Not to mention the piles of nondigital stuff Amazon sells to be delivered to customers ' doors . The only thing missing from the Fire is an app to let the delivery person in .	Analysts say Amazon.com 's Kindle Fire will cost more to build than $ 199 Selling the tablet for $ 199 is very aggressive compared to the $ 499 iPad Amazon is apparently hoping to make up the losses on media sales
CNN  -- When former death row inmate John Thompson left a Louisiana prison in 2003 he was one of the lucky ones . He had the support of his family and the lawyers who had worked for more than a decade to prove his innocence in the 1984 shooting death of a hotel executive from a prominent New Orleans family . Within six months of his release , he was married and holding down a steady job . By 2005 , he had a brand new home , a car and a dog . He and his wife were running their own sandwich shop in a hotel in downtown New Orleans . "  I was almost getting to feel the American dream , " said Thompson , who spent 18 years in prison , 14 of them on Louisiana 's death row . Then , Hurricane Katrina hit and wiped out his home , his business and the life he 'd been struggling to build after nearly two decades locked up . He looked around and realized he was not alone in his struggle to ease back into society . He also wondered where the resources were for people like him who did n't know how to use email , find a doctor or apply for a driver 's license and social security card to apply for jobs . "  Men come home and the system has nothing in place to help them put their lives back together , " he said . "  They need to be reprogrammed because the survival tactics they learned in prison do n't work in the outside world . " To help them Thompson started Resurrection After Exoneration , an education and outreach program that helps exonerated and formerly incarcerated inmates rebuild their lives . Again , he says he was lucky because he knew people who could help him write grant applications and navigate the waters of the non-profit world . But it takes more than good fortune and connections to make a go of it after spending nearly two decades in prison , said Michael Banks , one of Thompson 's appellate lawyers . "  He 's proven himself to be resilient , resourceful and compassionate in ways that are unimaginable given his situation , " said Banks , who helped Thompson win his freedom . Banks and his colleague Gordon Cooney helped reverse Thompson 's capital murder conviction based on evidence that the Orleans Parish District Attorney 's Office concealed blood evidence that would have cast doubt on its case . District Attorney Harry Connick Sr. , father of the entertainer on TV 's "  American Idol , " reportedly defended his team at the time . "  We follow the rules , " Connick reportedly told The Associated Press . "  We have an ongoing and continuing obligation to turn over exculpatory evidence and we do . " In a retrial , jurors acquitted Thompson of all charges . "  We felt good about the retrial , the evidence suggested we were going to win , " Banks said . "  We were worried about what happens next , after he walks out of prison after 18 years . "  There 's not a lot of vocational training on death row ; the only thing you 're trained for is to learn to die . " Thompson 's lawyers tried to convince him to go to a residential counseling program in California . But he insisted on staying in New Orleans to be close to his mother and sons , who were four and six when they saw police take him away in handcuffs in 1985 . The first place Thompson visited when he left prison was his old neighborhood , where he received a hero 's welcome complete with Mardi Gras beads , Banks recalled . However , over a seafood dinner at Pascal Manale -- his first as a free man -- he made it clear that he did not want to return to his previous life , Banks said . "  He knew from the minute he got out , ' I do n't want to go back to this old world because this will eat me alive , ' " Banks said . "  He was a 10th grade dropout with no money , no ATM card , he 'd never used a cellphone or a computer . The temptation of street crime , drugs and poverty seemed overwhelming . But to his credit he had the emotional intelligence and strength to pursue a different path . " Still , it 's been a bumpy road . Thompson won $ 14 million in damages after suing the Orleans Parish District Attorney 's Office for violating his federal civil rights by hiding blood tests that would have proven his innocence . The state appealed and the case went all the way to the U.S. Supreme Court , which overturned the judgment in a sharply divided 5-4 decision . Read the Supreme Court opinion That -- coupled with Katrina -- led Thompson to dedicate his life to fighting for the rights of other exonerees . State laws vary when it comes compensation , but in Louisiana exonerated inmates are eligible for $ 25,000 per year for each year of wrongful incarceration with a $ 250,000 cap . But former inmates need more than money , Thompson said . They need guidance and mentoring to help them manage it wisely . Besides , they should n't have to wait for compensation to find services essential to their transition and rehabilitation , he said . "  We think states and cities should provide housing and job training . They should n't have to wait for compensation to find those services , " said Thompson . Resurrection After Exoneration offers a variety of services to former inmates . The nondescript building in New Orleans ' famous Treme neighborhood provides temporary housing for four people while helping them develop a five-year plan , Thompson said . The first stage involves a lengthy evaluation to get to know the former inmate and to get them back on the grid with a Social Security card , driver 's license and doctor 's appointments . The organization also helps reconnect them with family or friends who can provide a support system . Next , they start job training by learning computer skills and building resumes . They also go through a long mental health checklist to ensure that the ex-inmate possesses the self-awareness to deal with lingering effects of prison . If needed , counseling referrals are provided . "  If you ca n't identify and deal with the trauma you fall into depression , and look to drugs and alcohol to escape reality , " said Thompson . "  That 's what keeps these guys from getting over the hump and moving forward . " The organization also teaches participants how to tell their story so they can participate in community outreach efforts . These are key to build empathy and understanding of the needs of inmates returning to society , Thompson said . Like it or not , these people are going to be in the community ; it 's society 's responsibility to help give them a fighting chance , he said . Thompson and other members of RAE visit high schools and law schools to tell their stories . In addition the organization hosts "  Know Your Rights " classes for practicing lawyers , students and members of the community . Thompson also finds time to work with chapters of the Innocence Project , lobbying for federal guidelines related to compensation and looking for extreme cases of wrongful convictions across the country to cast a spotlight on the national scope of the problem . "  We need to make everyone aware of the importance of accountability and oversight when it comes to prosecutions , " he said . "  When you send one person away it destroys entire families . "	Ex-death row inmate John Thompson describes re-entering society after 18 years Thompson was weeks from execution when new evidence led to his release During Thompson 's retrial on murder charges , a jury declared him not guilty Thompson founded a group to help former death row inmates
Washington  CNN  -- Increased fighting in Afghanistan has caused a drop in morale among U.S. soldiers while the reduction in combat in Iraq has bolstered morale , according to a new U.S. Army report released Friday . The report summarizes two surveys of U.S. soldiers in Iraq and Afghanistan taken earlier this year . New statistics from the Army also show suicides are up in the entire service . Produced every two years by the Army 's Mental Health Advisory Team , this latest report comes just over a week after a U.S. soldier went on a shooting rampage at a U.S. Army base in Texas and possibly just days or weeks from an announcement from the Obama administration to send more troops to Afghanistan , where fighting has gotten more intense in recent months . Authorities have not determined a motive for the shooting . The suspect , Maj. Nidal Malik Hasan , was scheduled to deploy to Afghanistan but had told his family that he wanted to get out of the military . "  Soldiers in Iraq and Afghanistan continue to face stress from multiple deployments into combat but report being more prepared for the stresses of deployments , " Lt. Gen. Eric Schoomaker , the Army Surgeon General told reporters Friday . Not surprisingly , the report showed that soldiers with multiple deployments , three or four tours of duty to Iraq or Afghanistan , had much lower morale and more mental health problems than those soldiers who have one or two combat deployments . Increased time at home , however , resulted in improved morale among troops sent back to the field . The updated survey of soldiers in Afghanistan found post-traumatic stress syndrome and depression in soldiers at the same levels of the survey in 2007 , but still about double that of the 2005 survey results : 21.4 percent in 2009 , 23.4 percent for 2007 and 10.4 percent in 2005 , according to the report . In Iraq , where the survey has been done every year , lower numbers were attributed to the decrease in combat action there . The 2009 numbers showed 13.3 percent of soldiers suffering from mental health problems , compared to 18.8 percent in 2007 and 22 percent in 2006 . Army officials said that with the push of more than 20,000 additional troops into the Afghan theater of battle over the last few months , there have been fewer mental health professionals in the field to help . Army officials said the ration was about one mental health professional for every 1,120 soldiers . To combat the falling morale and lack of mental health professionals in the field , Army officials said the service needs to more than double the number of mental health providers and hopes to have at least 65 more of those providers in the field by December , making the ratio one for every 700 soldiers . The mental health assessment teams also conducted interviews with soldiers and found a drop in unit morale in Afghanistan to about half of what it was in 2007 and 2005 , when about 10 percent surveyed gave top ratings to unit morale . In 2009 , that number was 5.7 percent . The report also showed soldiers are seeing more difficulty at home with an increasing number reporting they are getting or considering getting divorced , according to the report . The overall report was based on almost 4,000 soldiers who filled out anonymous surveys in Iraq and Afghanistan between December 2008 and June 2009 . In Iraq , 2,400 soldiers were randomly selected and the results were studied by a mental health assessment team in the combat zone . About 1,500 troops in Afghanistan took the survey , Army officials said . The survey was different from previous years when all types of soldiers were surveyed together . The 2009 survey questioned combat troops and support troops separately , though Army officials said there were few differences in the results . On Friday , the Army also released its latest suicide statistics . They show an increase in the number over this time last year . The Army reported 133 suspected suicides as of October ; there were 115 as of October 2008 . Of the 133 , 90 have been confirmed , and 43 are pending confirmation , according to an Army press release . Last year the Army totaled 140 suicides in its ranks , the highest the service has recorded . "  Stigma continues to be one of the most difficult challenges we confront , " said Brig. Gen. Colleen McGuire , the director of the Suicide Prevention Task Force for the Army . "  The more we educate our Army community about the need to get help , the need to get it early , and that a full recovery is often possible , the less stigma we 'll see . " The Army has implemented a number of suicide prevention programs over the past year , including training , a suicide prevention task force and a day off official duties to focus on suicide prevention .	Report summarizes 2 surveys of soldiers in Iraq and Afghanistan taken this year Results attributed to increased fighting in Afghanistan , less in Iraq Army hopes to increase number of mental health providers in the field
CNN  -- Ecuador international Christian Benitez , the top scorer in the Mexican league last season , has died suddenly at the age of 27 . The striker popularly known as ` Chucho ' passed away in the Qatari capital Doha , one day after playing his first game for new side El Jaish . Having played at the 2006 World Cup as a youngster , Benitez had developed into an important component of an Ecuadorian side bidding to reach next year 's finals in Brazil . His 24 international goals make him the third highest scorer overall for Ecuador 's national team . Jose Chamorro , the player 's agent , told an Ecuadorian television station that Benitez had suffered a heart attack and died in hospital , where he had been taken after complaining of abdominal pains . Manchester United star Antonio Valencia , an international colleague of Benitez who played with the striker at leading Ecuadorian side El Nacional a decade ago , was among those struggling to come to terms with the loss . "  This pain  is  very strong my brother but we love you , " the winger wrote on Twitter , where he also posted several pictures of the diminutive forward . Despite being a footballer who failed to hit the heights in Europe , news of Benitez 's death trended on Twitter . Ecuador 's interior minister Jose Serrano was among those who took to the micro-blogging site to comment , writing : "  Dear Chucho , thank you for your goals and your happiness . " Sunderland 's Craig Gardner , who played with Benitez at Birmingham City between 2009 and 2010 , was also moved to comment . "  Ca n't believe Christian Benitez has died , " Gardner wrote . "  I had the pleasure to play with him . He was a top bloke . My thoughts go out to his family . " Having only signed Benitez three weeks ago , El Jaish were forced to confirm news of his death on their website . "  The club would like to offer its sincere condolences to the family of the player , " a club statement said on Monday . "  Benitez had recently joined the club from Club America for three seasons . The player participated for the first time with the team during yesterday 's match against Qatar Sports Club in the Sheikh Jassem Cup without complaining of any health problems . "  His sudden departure is a big shock for each member of the technical and administrative staff . He was a player that over the short period he was here was regarded for his high moral character . " The son of former international Ermen Benitez , who is still the top league scorer in Ecuadorian football history , Christian made his name at El Nacional , a club where his father played with great success throughout the 1980 's . After leaving the Quito side , who posted a tribute on their website to Christian on Monday , the South American plied his trade with such success for Mexico 's Santos Laguna that he alerted the interest of the English Premier League . Joining Birmingham City on loan in 2009 , the Ecuadorian made his debut at Manchester United and scored his first goal at Liverpool . Despite a bright start , his impact faded over the season , prompting Birmingham manager Alex McLeish to return Benitez to Santos Laguna in 2010 . After leading the scoring charts , he joined rivals America in 2011 and helped the club win this year 's Clausura title -- finishing as top scorer along the way . He was still contracted to the club until moving to Qatar this month , but America also paid respects to a key player of recent times . "  Christian will always be present in our hearts and we will never forget you . Rest in peace , " read the club website . Benitez 's last international goal came when in a 4-1 World Cup qualifying win over Paraguay in Quito in March . The Ecuadorians , who failed to qualify for the 2010 finals in South Africa , lie third in South American qualifying , with a quarter of the campaign still left to play . The top four teams in the nine-team group will automatically qualify for the 2014 World Cup . People we 've lost in 2013	Ecuador international Christian Benitez dies at the age of 27 The forward passed away just a day after making debut for Qatari side El Jaish Death prompts outpouring of emotion on Twitter for former Birmingham player
CNN  For more than four days , police say , a 21-year-old quadriplegic with cerebral palsy was left lying in the woods of Philadelphia 's Cobbs Creek Park with only a blanket and a Bible . The person responsible is the man 's mother , who on Sunday faced a host of charges after allegedly abandoning her son and catching a bus to Maryland to see her boyfriend , said Philadelphia police Lt. John Walker . Low temperatures reached the mid-30s during the week , and rain was reported in the area Wednesday and Thursday . The man is unable to communicate how he came to be in the park , but Walker told reporters that the man 's mother , whom he did not identify for CNN , left him there Monday morning . "  Sometime at 11 a.m. , the mother went to visit her boyfriend down in Maryland , over in Montgomery County , and we believe she placed the child into Cobbs Creeks Park , " Walker said at a news conference . Walker told CNN the man was transported to Presbyterian Hospital , but CNN affiliates reported he was being treated at The Children 's Hospital of Philadelphia . He suffered eye problems , dehydration , malnutrition and a cut to the back that has raised infection concerns , the lieutenant told reporters . "  This kid 's obviously a fighter , " Walker said during a Saturday news conference . "  It 's just unbelievable how we found him out there last night . To see that kid laying there , it 's heartbreaking to see another human , especially a mother , can treat someone like that . " Officials at Philadelphia 's School of the Future , which the man attends , became concerned when he did n't show up for classes and tried to contact his mother but eventually reached an aunt , CNN affiliate WPVI reported . When police tracked down the mother , she told them her son was with her , Walker said . "  She indicated to both family members and the police officers that the child was with her down with her boyfriend in Maryland , " he said . The boyfriend was not aware of what happened , Walker told CNN affiliate KYW-TV . The mother now stands charged with aggravated assault , simple assault , reckless endangerment of another person , neglect of a care-dependent person , unlawful restraint , kidnapping and false imprisonment , the station reported . Walker told reporters she bore "  clear criminal liability in this case . " Maryland police took her into custody on Sunday , and she will face the charges in Philadelphia following an extradition hearing , WPVI reported . There was no reason for the man to suffer , Walker told philly.com , because the mother had sisters willing to take care of him . Two of his aunts , who have tried to obtain guardianship of him , were staying with him at the hospital , police told the website . The mother has another child , a 16-year-old , who is also being taken care of by family members , WPVI reported . The mother 's arrest was only the beginning of the investigation , Walker told reporters . Authorities are interested in learning more about "  how this kid was cared for , and what actions were taken and providing of services by different agencies . " CNN 's Carma Hassan contributed to this report .	Temperatures dipped into the mid-30s during 4 days man lay in woods of Philadelphia park Mom told police son was with her in Maryland , but he was found Friday with blanket , Bible Victim being treated for malnutrition , dehydration ; mother faces host of charges after extradition
EW  -- Cory and Topanga are here to stay , at least for another year : The Disney Channel has picked up "  Girl Meets World " for a second season . "  Girl Meets World " is a spinoff of the popular '90s sitcom "  Boy Meets World , " a show that followed the lives of Cory  Ben Savage  , Topanga  Danielle Fishel  , and their friends and family as they grew up together . On ` Girl Meets World , ' Ben Savage and Danielle Fishel meet parenting Savage and Fishel reprise their roles as Cory and Topanga in "  Girl Meets World " as the parents of middle schooler Riley  Rowan Blanchard  . The spin-off , developed by "  Boy Meets World " creators April Kelly and Michael Jacobs , has become the No. 1 TV show among kids ages 2 to 14 since its June 27 premiere on Disney Channel . Kids are n't the only ones watching though : "  The series swiftly became a favorite of kids and their parents , many of whom grew up with ` Boy Meets World , ' " executive vice president of original programming at Disney Channels Worldwide Adam Bonnett said in a statement . ` Girl Meets World ' : See the ` Boy Meets World ' spinoff 's opening credits As a nod to the older viewers , "  Girl Meets World " has featured cameos from "  Boy Meets World " characters , including an upcoming guest spot for Lee Norrisâ $ " who "  Boy Meets World " fans know as Stuart Minkusâ $ " on the August 15 episode . "  Girl Meets World " airs Fridays on Disney Channel . ` Girl Meets World ' meets '90s nostalgia See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  Girl Meets World " will have a second season on Disney The spinoff of '90s sitcom "  Boy Meets World " is the No. 1 TV show among kids 2 to 14 Former "  Boy Meets World " stars have made guest appearances
Minneapolis  CNN  -- Minneapolis is a conflicted city . It 's home to one of the largest gay pride festivals in the Midwest and was once dubbed the "  gayest city in America " by The Advocate magazine . The metropolitan area is also home to the conservative power base of Rep. Michele Bachmann . And in six months , voters there and across the state will decide whether to amend the state 's constitution to ban same-sex marriage . It is one of four states where voters will cast ballots on the issue , along with Washington , Maine and Maryland . Across the nation , 29 states have approved constitutional amendments banning same-sex marriage . Six states and the District of Columbia allow same-sex marriages while five states allow civil unions between same-sex couples . Same-sex marriage by the numbers President Barack Obama 's May 9 announcement that he supports same-sex marriage helped mobilize activists for the lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender  LGBT  community in Minnesota . The day after Obama spoke , "  more than twice as many " people signed up to volunteer for Minnesotans United for All Families than on previous days , according to the group 's campaign manager Richard Carlbom . Carlbom 's group is working to defeat the November measure that would ban gay marriage . He said that even North Carolina voters ' decision on May 8 to ban same-sex marriage there helped energize Minnesota 's pro-LGBT lobby to get out the vote in November . " -LSB- Obama 's decision and North Carolina 's vote -RSB- was an incredible one-two punch for us in Minnesota in terms of punching up the amount of energy , " Carlbom said . He added that the goal is to capitalize on the energy from both events . Kate Wulf and her partner of 31 years Marianne Christianson , both volunteers for Minnesotans United for All Families , desperately want to see the amendment defeated for both political and personal reasons . "  North Carolina was kind of a wake-up call for everyone , " Wulf said . She and Christianson were legally married in Canada , but they would like nothing more than to walk down the aisle -- and have their commitment for each other recognized -- in their home state . "  We want the equality of marriage that I do n't think we should be denied according to the Constitution of this country , " said Christianson . In his recent announcement , Obama said while he personally supports same-sex marriage , he still believes the issue should be decided by each state . That 's something that Wulf and Christianson do n't agree with . "  I think marriage is a fundamental right , " Wulf said . "  It  should n't be determined on a state-by-state basis . " Christianson said she 's believes that wo n't be Obama 's position forever . "  He had to start somewhere , " Christianson added . "  And where he started right now is a good beginning . I 'm hoping he will evolve into a stance where ... it is recognized nationwide . " The couple believes defeating the amendment will be an uphill battle , particularly when those on the opposing side have the resources of the Roman Catholic Church , they say . "  I 'm hoping that we 're going to see the goodness of people of Minnesota come out , but it 's really hard to fight the church , " Christianson said . "  They have a built-in organization . " Two years ago , the Minneapolis-St . Paul archdiocese sent out 400,000 DVDs to its parishioners urging them to support legislation banning same-sex marriage , even though the issue was n't even on the ballot . So far , Catholic churches across the state have donated $ 350,000 to Minnesota for Marriage , a group that supports the constitutional ban on same-sex marriage , according to Jason Adkins , executive director of the Minnesota Catholic Conference , which represents the state 's Catholic bishops . "  The various dioceses are giving money to the Minnesota Catholic Conference to use to support the marriage amendment , " Adkins told CNN . "  We 're going to raise and spend the money we need to get the message out about what marriage is , why it 's important and what the consequences will be if it 's redefined . " Advocacy groups opposed to same-sex marriage say their supporters also got a boost from Obama 's comments . " -LSB- President Obama 's -RSB- comments ... alerted our base to the fact that there are politicians who are trying to meddle with the definition of marriage , " said Chuck Darrell , communications director for Minnesota for Marriage . "  When they hear that they 're motivated to get out and do something to pass the marriage amendment . " The group 's chairman , John Helmberger , said it 's too early to tell if there has been an increase in volunteers after Obama 's statement . However , he agreed that the president 's admission that he supports same-sex marriage will help Minnesota for Marriage rally supporters ahead of the November ballot . "  That will energize them to make phone calls , knock on doors , and to make sure they turn out in November , " Helmberger said . While the recent media coverage of North Carolina 's vote and Obama 's comments have raised awareness of the issue , Minnesota for Marriage volunteer Michael Blissenbach said this did not affect how hard he 's been campaigning against same-sex marriage . Blissenbach , 25 , has been volunteering in support of the proposed amendment on behalf of the Catholic Church since August . He personally believes that marriage should be between a man and a woman because "  redefining marriage would diminish the importance of having the influence of the mother and the father on the life of a child . " "  I see marriage as an institution primarily oriented to the raising and procreation of children , and I see that as why the government recognizes marriage , " Blissenbach said . He said that does n't mean he is opposed to same-sex relationships . "  I respect their right to live as they wish , and I do n't deny that there 's love in those relationships , " Blissenbach explained . "  But I see marriage as about a particular kind of love between a man and a woman that brings a child into the world . " While many predict this fight could get ugly as the two sides duke it out for the next six months , the same-sex marriage issue could also fade from voters ' minds by the time the November election rolls around . After all , economic issues are expected to be the top issue for voters across the United States this fall . Either way , it could help the president gain some voters , according to University of Minnesota political science professor Larry Jacobs . "  Social issues including gay marriage are unlikely to affect voter choice between -LSB- Mitt -RSB- Romney and Obama , " Jacobs said . "  But it could be a big tool for Obama to turn out disaffected Democrats who are likely to sit out the election . " However Minnesota 's voters decide on the proposed constitutional amendment to ban same-sex marriage , the issue is n't going away anytime soon , Jacobs said . "  It does n't mean that gay marriage is coming to a state near you , " he said . "  But it does begin to shift the balance and reflects a very significant shift in public thinking about gay marriage . " What are your top election issues of 2012 ? Share what matters most to you on iReport and you could participate in the next round of the iReport Debate !	Minnesota voters will decide in November whether to implement a same-sex marriage ban Same-sex marriage supporters say they 've gotten a boost from President Obama 's comments Obama said he favored same-sex marriage , although agreed states should decide the issue Same-sex marriage opponents say their base was also energized by Obama
CNN  -- Investigators arrested a suspect but were still searching for a motive Wednesday after a West Virginia sheriff known for his tough stance on drug dealers was shot dead in his patrol vehicle . Mingo County Sheriff Walter E. "  Eugene " Crum was eating lunch just blocks away from a courthouse when he was gunned down , officials said . Tennis Melvin Maynard , 37 , is accused in the killing , West Virginia State Police First Sgt. Michael Baylous said . The suspect parked his car close to the sheriff 's SUV and shot through the window twice , hitting the sheriff twice in the head , according to a state official who was briefed on the investigation . After a brief chase , Maynard was shot by a sheriff 's deputy in Delbarton , West Virginia , after he wrecked the vehicle he was driving and raised his weapon , West Virginia State Police Capt. Dave Nelson told reporters . Maynard remained hospitalized Wednesday night after undergoing surgery to treat multiple gunshot wounds , Baylous said . Investigators were still trying to identify a possible motive . On the way to the hospital , Maynard spoke with police , but Baylous did n't specify what he said . Authorities were hoping to speak more with Maynard now that he 's out of surgery . "  He said some things to us , and we 're still trying to make sense of it , " Baylous said . "  It could be interpreted in different ways . " At a news conference Wednesday , officials said Crum had taken office as sheriff in January and quickly earned respect from many in the community . "  He and his deputies and other law enforcement agencies have worked tirelessly to wipe out crime in our county , especially targeting the drug dealers who spread the disease of addiction among our residents , " said John Mark Hubbard , president of the Mingo County Commission . "  Pray for the residents of Mingo County as we struggle to understand why someone who fought so freely and selflessly on behalf of all of us was taken so tragically , " he said . Crum also served as a county magistrate and a special investigator for the prosecutor 's office , Hubbard said . The sheriff 's slaying shook the rural county , which normally sees only one or two slayings per year , said Lt. Randy Hatfield of the Mingo County Sheriff 's Office . "  It 's devastating , " Hatfield said . "  It 's a big blow to the community . " The Williamson Daily News reported that Crum was in his vehicle in downtown Williamson when a man drove into the parking lot , approached Crum 's sport-utility vehicle and shot him point-blank . A witness saw the shooting , called 911 , and gave police a vehicle tag number that led them to the suspect , Hatfield said . Investigators believe a handgun was used . Asked whether officials thought there was any connection between Crum 's slaying and the recent killings of a Colorado prison official or the slayings of two Texas prosecutors , Hatfield said , "  I hope not , " but declined to elaborate further . Crum was married and had children and grandchildren . Gov. Earl Ray Tomblin issued a statement , saying in part , "  Our thoughts and prayers are with the Crum family . "	NEW : Police say Tennis Melvin Maynard , 37 , is accused in the killing NEW : Investigators are trying to pin down a possible motive , police say The suspect was injured after he was shot by a deputy , a state police official says State official : The sheriff was shot twice in the head through the window of an SUV
Tucson , Arizona  CNN  -- Rep. Gabrielle Giffords was in Tucson Monday to finish what she started -- a "  Congress on Your Corner " meeting that was interrupted by gunfire , a shooting rampage that left six people dead and Giffords with a gunshot wound to her head just over a year ago . The meeting came one day after Giffords , 41 , announced that she would resign from Congress this week . "  We were invited to finish what we started a year ago . I know that every person amongst us has been waiting for that moment . I told her what I wanted to tell her a year ago , and then I told her how sorry I was that I could n't really introduce her to Christina , " said Suzi Hileman , one of the roughly two dozen people invited to attend the private event . Hileman was referring to Christina Green -- her neighbor and the youngest victim of that fateful day . Hileman herself was shot three times in the rampage . "  When I said that Christina would have grown up to be her , she took my hand , " Hileman said about Giffords . "  She 's my hero ... She 'll be back and I 'll be voting for her . " Two pictures of Giffords ' arrival were sent out to the public , one showing her being greeted by supporters at the event . Another , more emotional picture was later tweeted out : It showed Giffords hugging Daniel Hernandez , the staffer credited with saving her life . After the "  Congress on Your Corner " meeting , the congresswoman toured an area food bank , where she was met with enthusiastic applause . "  A lot has happened over the past year . We can not change that , " Giffords says in a video on her website , speaking in a halting manner . She said she will resign to continue her recuperation from the brain injury she suffered when she was shot . "  I do n't remember much from that horrible day , but I will never forget the trust you placed in me to be your voice , " Giffords continues . "  Thank you for your prayers and for giving me time to recover . I have more work to do on my recovery . So to do what is best for Arizona , I will step down this week . " Giffords , a Democrat , will submit a letter of resignation during the week to House Speaker John Boehner and Arizona Gov. Jan Brewer . A senior House GOP leadership aide told CNN that on Wednesday the House will vote on a bill that was one of Giffords ' legislative priorities -- a bill to crack down on drug smuggling at the U.S. border that is conducted by smugglers using ultra-light aircraft . The decision to schedule a vote on the measure comes after Giffords ' husband , Mark Kelly , spoke to House Majority Leader Eric Cantor over the weekend , the aide said . Kelly called Cantor to say he was "  very appreciative " of his support over the last year , and mentioned that the border security bill was one of the issues Giffords wanted to address before she resigned . The aide said leaders are now working with Giffords ' office on the details , but they are planning to bring the bill up on Wednesday morning before House Democrats head off for their annual legislative retreat . A Senate version of the bill passed last year , but the House has not voted on the issue yet . Gov. Brewer told reporters Sunday that within 72 hours of receiving Giffords ' resignation , she expects to call a primary election sometime in April for political parties to pick their candidates for the state 's 8th Congressional District seat . That would be followed by a general election -- likely in June , according to the governor . The winner will head to Congress for the rest of Giffords ' term , which ends in January 2013 . "  Her recovery has been nothing less than a miracle , " said Brewer . "  Who knows what 's going to happen in the next two years ? I do n't believe we 've seen the last of Gabby Giffords . " Before she steps down , Giffords will attend the State of the Union address Tuesday in Washington , her office said . Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz of Florida , the Democratic National Committee chair , told CNN that Giffords -- a close friend -- came to the conclusion that she could n't devote her full energies to both her job and her recovery . The congresswoman 's recent return to Tucson for the one-year anniversary of the January 8 shooting showed her "  how challenging it would be . It came into focus then , " Wasserman Schultz said . "  This decision is really quintessential Gabby Giffords , " she added . "  She needed to step aside for herself , so that her constituents could get full-time representation . She cares about them so much , that was her No. 1 priority -- taking care of them . " President Barack Obama was effusive in his praise for Giffords , saying she "  embodies the very best of what public service should be . " He added that her "  cheerful presence will be missed in Washington  and  she will remain an inspiration to all whose lives she touched -- myself included . " "  Over the last year , Gabby and her husband Mark have taught us the true meaning of hope in the face of despair , determination in the face of terrible odds , and now -- even after she 's come so far -- Gabby shows us what it means to be selfless as well , " Obama said in a written statement . In her website video posted Sunday , Giffords says her public service career has not ended . "  I will return , and we will work together for Arizona and this great country , " she says . Earlier this month , Giffords joined thousands for a vigil in Tucson , one of several emotional events to mark one year since the shootings . In addition to those killed , 13 people were wounded in the attack . Giffords ' right side remains weak . She has made few public appearances since the incident , with some rare exceptions , such as casting a vote in Congress to raise the federal debt ceiling and conducting an interview with ABC 's Diane Sawyer . She has been undergoing intensive rehabilitation in Houston , but returned to Tucson several times , according to her office . Prosecutors accuse Jared Lee Loughner , 23 , of carrying out the attack , which purportedly targeted Giffords . Loughner could face the death penalty if convicted on charges of killing six people -- including the chief federal judge of Arizona , John Roll . Loughner has been diagnosed as schizophrenic and has spent time on suicide watch while in custody . He is undergoing treatment in Springfield , Missouri . A federal appeals court in May cleared the way for him to be forcibly medicated , over the objections of Loughner and his attorney . Giffords worked at PricewaterhouseCoopers and as CEO of El Campo Tire , her family 's business , before being elected to the Arizona House of Representatives in 2000 . Two years later , she became the youngest woman elected to the Arizona State Senate . She won a November 2006 election to Congress , and has won two terms since . Kelly , her husband , is a retired Navy captain and astronaut . CNN 's Paul Vercammen , Deirdre Walsh , Tom Cohen and Dana Bash contributed to this report .	NEW : Rep. Gabrielle Giffords tours an area food bank NEW : "  She 'll be back and I 'll be voting for her , " says an Arizona resident She completes her "  Congress on Your Corner , " in Tucson Giffords , 41 , was shot in the head in January 2011 in a rampage that left six dead
CNN  -- Police in Oakland , California , took a 43-year-old former student at a small religious college into custody Monday after a shooting spree at the school that left seven dead and three wounded , the city 's police chief said . The motive behind the killings at Oikos University in East Oakland remained a mystery Monday night , Oakland Police Chief Howard Jordan told reporters . Detectives had not yet questioned the suspect , identified as One Goh , and no charges had been filed , he said . "  With a case of this magnitude , with all the victims and witnesses and all the chaos , it 's going to take a few days to put the pieces together , " Jordan said . The college , which caters to the Korean American Christian community , offers degrees in theology , music , nursing and Asian medicine , according to its website . Oakland Mayor Jean Quan said most of the victims appeared to be from the city 's Korean-American community , and the city was working to find multilingual counselors to help survivors . "  No American mayor wants to have this situation , " she said . "  It seems over the last decade , we 've gotten used to seeing senseless mass killings like this , and we 'll have to question the availability of guns and the need for other services in our community . " What is Oikos University ? Gunfire erupted inside the single-story building that houses the private Christian college about 10:30 a.m. . A witness , Brian Snow , said he was at a nearby credit union when shots rang out , "  and it started getting chaotic . " "  In Oakland , sometimes things like that happen , but it dies over , " he said . But this time , he said , "  I went outside and the cops were coming and like ` Do n't move , do n't move , ' and it started getting chaotic ... a pedestrian came out with a bullet hole and I was like , ` Getting really crazy right now . ' " Lucas Garcia , who was teaching an English class at the college when the rampage began , told CNN affiliate KGO-TV that he counted about six gunshots from a nearby nursing classroom . Garcia said he heard someone yell , "  He 's got a gun , " and he got his students out of the building while the gunfire continued . Jordan said the relationship between the suspect and any of those shot remained unknown Monday night , as detectives combed over "  a very bloody scene with lots of evidence . " "  Initially , we were told he was in a classroom when he stood up and began shooting at the victims , " Jordan said . Several of the survivors , including the wounded , hid behind locked doors or desks as the shooting went on . The suspect took one of the victims ' cars and drove off , but surrendered to police at a Safeway grocery in the Oakland suburb of Alameda a short time later , Jordan said . California Gov. Jerry Brown , who served as Oakland 's mayor from 1999 to 2007 , called the killings "  shocking and sad . " "  Our thoughts and prayers go out to the victims , their families and friends and the entire community affected by this senseless act of violence , " Brown said in a statement issued by his office . CNN 's Paul Vercammen , Dan Simon and Augie Martin contributed to this report .	"  A pedestrian came out with a bullet hole , " one witness recounts "  No American mayor wants to see this situation , " Oakland 's mayor says The suspect is a former student , but no motive was known Monday , police said The college offers degrees in theology , music , nursing and Asian medicine , its website says
CNN  -- The first time I saw Oscar Pistorius run , I was captivated . Witnessing him caused me to jump up and down . My 10-year-old son , an amputee since the first week of his life , calmly commented , "  Mom , he 's just a man ! " I suppose that should have curbed my enthusiasm . But to see a man in motion without the use of feet was simply magical . I saw him as a future superhero for my son , who is missing part of his right forearm and hand . Completely inspired , I felt as though I had witnessed the Messiah . I was so captivated that I started posting his likeness all over my Facebook page . In short , I was caught up in "  Oscar-mania . " Even my church pastor had preached about Pistorius . The "  Blade Runner , " he said , represented Christian values . He embodied things that I wish for my son 's life . Seeing Pistorius at the Olympic and Paralympic Games was amazing and did something very special to raise awareness of athletes with physical differences . However , in the hysteria , I lost sight of one simple thing that my son had been able to see : Pistorius is just a man . He has the ability to make the mistakes of mortals . He is not a god ; he is a person , and I got caught up in the passion . In full : Pistorius ' affidavit to court We do n't know what really happened . I would like to believe that Reeva Steenkamp 's death was a horrible accident . Oscar Pistorius may or may not be guilty . But , whatever happened , there is a lesson : Too often in life , we put people on pedestals . We set them up to fail . The reality is that , despite their seemingly superhuman performances , they are just people with their own sets of challenges . The truth is , I wanted my son to have a role model . The first part of his life was filled with questions for me . I wanted someone to tell me that he would be OK . After he was born , the first couple of times that I saw someone with a limb difference , I would race up to them and start a conversation . In the beginning , this approach brought me comfort . One morning at the gym , I spotted a man with a limb difference like my son 's . At the time , my baby was only 6 months old . I ran up to him and said hello . The guy turned and looked at me . In a thick French-Canadian accent , he responded , "  Hello , my dear ! " Completely embarrassed , I thrust my baby into his range of vision and stumbled to say , "  He , he , he is like you ! " Suddenly , his seductive voice changed to a matter-of-fact tone . In an instant , he said the words I have never forgotten : "  This is your issue . Your son will never really see himself as different unless you let him . " He continued , "  He is young and you control how he perceives himself . So just relax and enjoy him . " I was mortified and completely perplexed . But on another level , I was grateful for his words . All of this made my husband laugh . As a man who lacks hair , he remarked , "  Honey , I do n't run up to every bald guy ! You should not expect to have a connection with every person whose limb difference is like our son 's . After all , they are just people . " So there , again , was my life lesson . We want to be reminded that ordinary people are capable of extraordinary things . But , despite whatever heroic and inspiring feats we accomplish , we are all potentially capable of doing great harm . I am grateful for Pistorius ' flash of greatness , and I am sad if he has fallen from it . Have you ever learned an important lesson from your children ? Share on CNN iReport or in the comments below . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Cynthia Falardeau .	Cynthia Falardeau 's son , 10 , lost part of his right arm as a newborn Falardeau saw runner Oscar Pistorius as a role model for her son Her son cautioned her , "  Mom , he 's just a man " Have a personal essay to share with the world ? Submit at CNN iReport
CNN  Vin Diesel has been paying tribute to his friend Paul Walker as fans eagerly await the release of "  Furious 7 . " On Monday , he revealed a very personal way that he has remembered Walker : by naming his daughter after the late actor . Diesel told "  Today 's " Natalie Morales that he and girlfriend Paloma Jimenez named their baby girl Pauline . The actor said he felt the presence of Walker in the delivery room with him . "  There 's no other person that I was thinking about as I was cutting this umbilical cord , " Diesel said . " I just ... knew he was there . " Diesel has been honoring Walker a lot lately and recently had some special words at an advance screening of "  Furious 7 . " The actor spoke told the Los Angeles audience last week that "  this was a very very personal and important film for us . " "  This was a labor of love . It was in some ways the hardest movie I ever had to do , " Diesel said . "  Because the relationships that you see on film are so real . When the tragedy happened , I lost my best friend . I lost my brother . " Walker , 40 , was killed in a car crash in November 2013 in Southern California while taking a few days off from filming the seventh "  Fast and Furious " movie . The film was finished using previous footage and stand-ins including Walker 's two brothers . The producers have said they do n't plan on killing Walker 's character off in the new movie . "  Furious 7 " debuts in theaters on April 3 .	Diesel named his daughter Pauline after Walker Diesel calls "  Furious 7 " a "  very personal film " Co-star Walker was killed in 2013 during break in filming The seventh "  Fast and Furious " film debuts April 3
CNN  -- Historians believe they have found a World War II-era mass grave containing the bodies of 220 disabled people killed by Nazis in Austria , they announced this week . The discovery was made by searching files from a mental hospital in the town of Hall , Austria , according to the company that currently runs the institution . The company believes the remains are those of people murdered under a Nazi euthanasia program designed to eliminate "  undesirables . " Tilak , the company running the hospital , says a group of historians led by Oliver Seifert found a map with the outlines of a former cemetery . "  Thanks to the map we know the approximate position of the cemetery and also the number of graves . Right now we believe that 220 people are buried there , " a Tilak statement quotes Seifert as saying . Tilak says it plans to exhume the victims starting in March . "  Tilak sees it as our moral duty to the relatives of those killed to completely clarify the history of the mental institution 's graveyard , " the press release says . The Nazis annexed Austria in 1938 after their leader , Adolf Hitler , came to power in Germany in 1933 . The regime systematically murdered about 6 million Jews , as well as millions of other people including Roma  Gypsies  , disabled people , homosexuals , political prisoners and others they considered less than human .	The remains of 220 disabled people are thought to be buried in the Austrian graveyard Historians think the people were killed by Nazis trying to eliminate "  undesirables " A map of the graves was found by historians studying hospital records The company that runs the hospital plans to exhume them starting in March
