CNN  -- Japan secured their place in the final of the Asian Cup after a dramatic penalty shoot out victory over South Korea . Coach Alberto Zaccheroni 's side triumphed 3-0 on penalties after the game was level at 1-1 after 90 minutes and 2-2 after extra time . Japan will now face Australia in Saturday 's final , after the Socceroos demolished Uzbekistan 6-0 in the other semifinal . South Korea started the match brightly and took the lead on 23 minutes after Japan defender Yasuyuki Konno brought down Manchester United star Park Ji-sung in the penalty area . Ki Sung-yong converted from the spot . CNN blog : Can an Asian team ever win the World Cup ? Japan have been no strangers to going behind in this tournament , and they duly struck back nine minutes before the break . Yuto Nagamoto latched onto Keisuke Honda 's through ball and squared for Ryoichi Maeda to level the tie up at 1-1 . South Korea enjoyed the best of the second half and went close when Koo Ja-cheol hit the side-netting with a low shot before Lee Yong-rae 's free kick flashed narrowly wide of the target . As the game moved into extra time Japan upped the tempo and were rewarded when Shinji Okazaki was felled in the area by Hwang Jae-won . The striker 's penalty was saved by Jung Sung-Ryong but substitute Hajime Hosogai made no mistake from the rebound . Though South Korea laid siege to Japan 's goal in the closing stages they could n't fashion an opportunity to level . But right on the full time whistle Hwang Jae-won slammed home a loose ball after a scramble in the area . South Korea 's joy was short lived though , as they missed all three of their penalties -- Japan goalkeeper Eiji Kawashima making two fine saves -- which left Yasuyuki Konno to convert the winning penalty and spark wild scenes of celebration . The other semifinal was a hugely one-sided affair as Australia thrashed Uzbekistan 6-0 . It took just five minutes for Australia to break the deadlock as Harry Kewell fired a low shot into the bottom corner . Sasa Ognenovski made sure Australia went in with a 2-0 cushion at half time as he fired home a loose ball after Tim Cahill had nodded down a David Carney center . Carney added the third on 65 minutes when he tucked the ball under Uzbek goalkeeper Temur Juraev after Matt McKay 's precise pass . Moments later Ulughbek Bakaev was dismissed after picking up his second yellow card . It was 4-0 less than ten minutes later as Australia sprang the offside trap and substitute Robbie Kruse squared for Brett Emerton to tap into an empty net . Carl Valeri made it five eight minutes from time as he turned home McKay 's cross and Uzbekistan 's misery was complete when Kruse 's shot squirmed past Juraev .	Japan beat South Korea on penalties to book their place in the Asian Cup final The game ends 1-1 after 90 minutes but Japan win 3-0 on penalties Japan will face Australia after the Socceroos beat Uzebkistan 6-0 in the other semi The final will be played on Saturday
CNN  -- The tears of joy from a year ago turned to tears of sorrow as Zambia became the first defending champion to be knocked out in the first round of the Africa Cup of Nations in 21 years . Herve Renard 's side was held to a goalless draw by group winners Burkina Faso in Nelspruit , South Africa Tuesday . That result , combined with Nigeria 's 2-0 win over Ethiopia , sent the Super Eagles through and left Zambia inconsolable . Zambia coach Renard told reporters : "  It 's better to have won something in your life than always qualify for the quarterfinals , but never win anything . "  Everybody is sad but my players did their maximum , and I 'm very proud of them . It 's not the end of the world . "  I loved my team tonight , I ca n't play with eight defenders . If there is someone who is responsible  for our elimination  then it 's me , not my players . " Burkina Faso take giant stride towards knockout stage Two penalties from Chelsea 's Victor Moses set up an intriguing looking quarterfinal between Nigeria and tournament favorite Ivory Coast . Burkina Faso , which until this year had never won a game in the competition away from home , will find out Wednesday whether it will face Togo or Tunisia . "  We believed we could go further in this . It 's a night of history for Burkina Faso , " coach Paul Putt told reporters . "  We had double motivation being close to qualification and playing against the champions . I told the players this chance might never come again . " Mali bring cheer Just 12 months ago in Gabon , the Chipolopolo celebrated its shock win where they were inspired by the loss of the 1993 Zambian team , which perished in a plane crash close to the venue of the final in Libreville . But it was unable to pull off a repeat this time around , managing three draws in its three group games . Instead , it was Nigeria which took second place behind Burkina Faso following a hard-fought win over Ethiopia in Rustenburg . Fuad Ibrahim eyes Ethiopia chance Ethiopia , which returned to the tournament for the first time in 31 years , fell behind on 79 minutes when Moses fired home from the penalty spot . It got worse for Ethiopia 11 minutes later when goalkeeper Sasay Bancha was sent off for bringing down Moses inside the penalty area . Moses added a second from 12-yards to spark wild celebrations and seal Nigeria 's place in the last eight . "  This is a victory for Nigerians where ever they are in the world , " Nigeria coach Stephen Keshi told reporters . "  This is a time for celebration.I thought Sunday Mba was outstanding in midfield and his introduction is part of my plan to build a team around young players , and senior players like captain Joseph Yobo , vice-captain Victor Enyeama and John Obi Mikel . "  Now we face title favorites Ivory Coast in the quarterfinals and there will be no second chance for either side . I have a game plan but , with respect , that is for the players and not for you guys  journalists  . "	Defending champion Zambia fails to make quarterfinal after goalless draw with Burkina Faso Nigeria advances to last eight where it will meet Ivory Coast Chelsea 's Victor Moses scores two penalties as Nigeria defeated Ethiopia 2-0 Burkina Faso tops Group C with Nigeria taking second place
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Safety advocates are fighting efforts to allow tractor-trailers to carry heavier loads on highways , saying the trucks are already too dangerous . But at least one group says adding an axle would improve safety margins so such loads can be carried . Mark and Tracy Quinichett , whose daughter was killed in a wreck , speak Monday against raising trucks ' load limits . "  It is a public health crisis , " policy activist Joan Claybrook said Monday , announcing a petition drive to fight larger loads that could be authorized as part of a transportation bill moving through Congress . At a Monday news conference , Claybrook -- who chaired the National Highway Transportation Administration during the Carter administration -- and her Truck Safety Coalition presented several families who have lost a loved one to a highway accident involving commercial trucks . A new Web site from the coalition , StopBiggerTrucks.org , provides statistics the group believes will persuade people to pressure lawmakers to leave truck limits as they stand . But an industry group , the Coalition for Transportation Productivity , hopes lawmakers will approve a proposal to add an axle to today 's big rigs -- an action it says will allow higher load limits and lead to safer roads . Adding an axle would give big rigs 22 wheels , up from the current 18 . Without the change , "  more trucks will have to take to the road " to handle rising cargo demand , said John Runyan , co-chairman of the truck cargo industry group . Runyan was at the back of the room during the other group 's news conference , where families gave tearful accounts of losing loved ones in truck wrecks . One of those couples , Mark and Tracy Quinichett , lost their 21-year-old daughter a few months ago when a truck 's wheel flew off and crashed through the windshield of her car on the Capital Beltway outside Washington . "  The larger the trucks -- it 's just so much more dangerous . And if they are allowed to make these trucks larger , it 's going to be a real , real problem , even more than it is right now , " Mark Quinichett said . Runyan told CNN that going from 18 wheels to 22 wheels would allow for the safe transportation of heavier loads because the weight would be more evenly distributed .	A petition drive is fighting effort to let trucks carry larger loads "  It is a public health crisis , " policy activist Joan Claybrook says Truck industry group argues adding wheels would make heavier loads safe Industry group : If load limit is n't increased , we 'll need more trucks on the road
CNN  -- Early Sunday , as the sun ascended to the winter sky , the very last American convoy made its way down the main highway that connects Iraq and Kuwait . The military called it its final "  tactical road march . " A series of 110 heavily armored , hulking trucks and Mine Resistant Ambush Protected vehicles carrying about 500 soldiers streamed slowly but steadily out of the combat zone . A few minutes before 8 a.m. , the metal gate behind the last MRAP closed . With it came to an end a deadly and divisive war that lasted almost nine years , its enormous cost calculated in blood and billions . Some rushed to touch the gate , forever a symbol now of an emotional , landmark day . Some cheered with the Army 's ultimate expression of affirmation : "  Hooah ! " "  It 's hard to put words to it right now , " said Lt. Col. Jack Vantress . "  It 's a feeling of elation , " he said , "  to see what we 've accomplished in the last eight-and-a-half years and then to be part of the last movement out of Iraq . " Once , when hundreds of thousands of Americans were in Iraq , the main highway was better known as Main Supply Route Tampa and soldiers trekked north towards Baghdad and beyond , never knowing what danger lurked on their path . Analysts : Questions remain as U.S. troops leave On this monumental day , the Texas-based 3rd Brigade Special Troops Battalion , 1st Cavalry Division 's main concern was how to avoid a traffic jam on their final journey in Iraq . Staff Sgt. Daniel Gaumer , 37 , was on this road in August 2003 . It was his first time at war . He was frightened . There was not a lot of traffic at that time , he recalled . He remembered a lot of cheering by Iraqis , even though the situation was tense . Sunday morning , the air was decidedly different . "  It 's pretty historic , " he said about the drive south , hoping he will not ever have to come back through this unforgiving terrain again . Once there were bases sprinkled in the desolate desert between Nasiriya and Basra , American soldiers hidden from view behind walls of giant mesh Hesco bags filled with dirt and sand to stave off incoming fire . On this day , the roads , the bases were in Iraqi hands , the sands in the bags returned to the earth . Once , almost nine years ago in March 2003 , U.S. tanks and armored personnel carriers had thundered north , with the drive and determination needed to decapitate a dictator . Timeline : Key dates in the war On this day , heading south towards Khabari border crossing , the soldiers took stock of their sacrifice . In another war , there had been little joy or even emotion as final jet transports lifted Americans from Vietnamese soil . Sunday saw the end of the largest troop drawdown for the United States since Vietnam . Those men and women who fought in Iraq may not feel they are leaving behind an unfinished war or returning home to a nation as deeply scarred as it was after years of Vietnam . But many crossed the border harboring mixed feelings and doubt about the future of Iraq . "  The biggest thing about going home is just that it 's home , " Gaumer said . "  It 's civilization as I know it -- the Western world , not sand and dust and the occasional rain here and there . " A month ago , Adder , the last U.S. base before the five-hour drive to the Kuwaiti border , housed 12,000 people . By Thursday , the day the United States formally ended its mission in Iraq with a flag-casing ceremony in Baghdad , under 1,000 people remained there . The 3rd Brigade Special Troops Battalion , 1st Cavalry Division officially transferred control of Camp Adder to the Iraqis on Friday , though it did not really change hands until the last American departed early Sunday morning . Group seeks to help returning vets find jobs At its height , Adder housed thousands of troops and had a large PX , fast-food outlets , coffee shops and even an Italian restaurant . Now a ghost town , the United States gave 110,000 items left at Adder to the Iraqis , a loot worth $ 76 million , according to the military . In her last days working in a guard tower in Iraq , Sgt. Ashley Vorhees , 29 , dreamed of seeing her three children and eating crispy chicken tacos at Rosa 's Mexican restaurant in Killeen , Texas . She also looked forward to not having to carry her gun with her to the bathroom . Vorhees , a combat medic , spent her first tour of Iraq with her husband , also a soldier . "  When Osama bin Laden was captured and killed , my mom was like ` Does that mean that everybody is coming home now ? ' " Vorhees said . "  We actually had it a lot better than the people did who did the initial invasion , " she said . "  We 're just thankful that we 're not getting attacked every day . " When the war was at its worst in 2006 , America had 239,000 men and women in uniform stationed in more than 500 bases sprinkled throughout Iraq . Another 135,000 contractors were working in Iraq . The United States will still maintain a presence in Iraq : hundreds of nonmilitary personnel , including 1,700 diplomats , law enforcement officers , and economic , agricultural and other experts , according to the State Department . In addition , 5,000 security contractors will protect Americans and another 4,500 contractors will serve in other roles . The quiet U.S. exit , shrouded in secrecy until it occurred , closes a war that was contentious from the start and cost the nation more than $ 800 billion . President Barack Obama , who had made a campaign promise to bring home American troops , reflected on a greater cost as Sunday 's exit made good on his word . According to the defense department , 4,487 service members were killed in the war . More than 30,000 were wounded . In all , 1.5 million Americans served their nation at war . "  All of them -- our troops , veterans , and their families -- will always have the thanks of a grateful nation , " Obama said in his weekly radio address Saturday . It 's impossible to know with certainty the number of Iraqis who have died in Iraq since 2003 . But the independent public database Iraq Body Count has compiled reports of more than 150,000 between the invasion and October 2010 , with four out of five dead being civilians . And the question of how Iraq will fare in the months ahead , without U.S. troops , is also impossible to answer . Even before the last soldiers had left , political crisis was erupting in Baghdad . The powerful political bloc Iraqiya said it was suspending its participation in parliament , which would threaten Iraq 's fragile power-sharing arrangement . Iraqiya accuses Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki of amassing power . The withdrawal of U.S. troops stirred conflicting emotions on the streets of Baghdad . In the predominately Sunni neighborhood of Adhamiya , where Saddam Hussein made his final public appearance in 2003 , a man said residents were afraid , tense and worried about Iran 's influence . He refused to appear on camera or give his name because of what he said was the sensitive nature of the situation . In a Shia neighborhood on the other side of the city , one man said he supported the toppling of Hussein 's regime , but felt too much blood was shed afterward . "  The U.S.A. went through and they ruined this country ,  bringing  with them many troubles . And now they 're going , and ... more trouble 's coming , " said the man , who asked to be called Abu Ali for security reasons . But for the last U.S. troops out , the message was clear Col. Doug Crissman , their commander , spent the past few weeks speaking to the soldiers in each of his companies . He told them he was proud of his troops and they should be proud of what they had accomplished . And , he wanted his soldiers to take care of themselves back home as much as they did in Iraq . In the months before the brigade deployed in February , it lost 13 soldiers to accidents , some because of driving under the influence of alcohol . At least one death was a suicide . "  Quite frankly we lost more soldiers in peacetime in the nine or 10 months before this brigade deployed due to accidents and risky behavior ... than we lost here in combat , " Crissman said . "  We want every soldier that survived this combat deployment to survive redeployment and reintegration . " Capt. Mark Askew , 28 , said he was worried about the well-being of his soldiers , many of whom have done multiple tours of Iraq and felt the stress and sting of war . Was the loss , the grief , worth it ? For Askew , it will all depend on how Iraq 's future unfolds -- whether democracy and human rights will take root , whether Iraq will be a steadfast U.S. ally . It will depend , he said , on how Iraq shapes its own destiny . CNN 's Ingrid Formanek reported from the Iraq-Kuwait border , Jomana Karadsheh and Arwa Damon from Baghdad and Moni Basu from Atlanta .	NEW : The withdrawal of U.S. troops stirs conflicting emotions on the streets of Baghdad About 500 U.S. soldiers cross into Kuwait , ending almost nine years of war in Iraq They are the last U.S. troops in the largest drawdown since the Vietnam War They make the journey south from Camp Adder , the U.S. base closest to Kuwaiti border
Washington  CNN  -- Two current and two former TSA employees have been arrested in an alleged drug and bribery scheme by screeners who allowed large shipments of narcotics to pass through security at Los Angeles International Airport in exchange for cash , federal prosecutors said . Three other people , suspected drug couriers , are allegedly involved . One is in state custody . A second is expected to surrender on Thursday . Authorities are searching for a third . According to a 22-count grand jury indictment unsealed Wednesday , the Transportation Security Administration employees took payments of as much as $ 2,400 to allow suitcases filled with cocaine , methamphetamine and marijuana to pass through X-ray machines at LAX while TSA screeners looked the other way . The indictment outlines five separate incidents that occurred from February 2011 through July 2011 . TSA employees allegedly conspired with either drug couriers or an undercover operative working with the Drug Enforcement Administration to smuggle narcotics through checkpoints . In one incident , two suspects allegedly agreed to have a third suspect bring about 5 kilograms of cocaine in a bag through a security checkpoint manned by one of the TSA screeners . But that third screener failed to follow the instructions and went to the wrong security checkpoint , where TSA officials uninvolved in the scheme seized the bag filled with cocaine . In the final incident outlined in the indictment , two TSA screeners allegedly conspired with the DEA confidential source to allow about 8 pounds of methamphetamine to pass through a security checkpoint staffed by one of the two screeners . After the drugs made it through security , the suspect allegedly met the confidential source in an LAX restroom to receive $ 600 in cash , which was the second half of the agreed-upon $ 1,200 fee . The U.S. Attorneys Office for the Central District of California says all the defendants were arrested either Tuesday night or Wednesday morning . If convicted , each of the current and former TSA officials faces potential life in prison sentences . "  Airport screeners act as a vital checkpoint for homeland security , and air travelers should believe in the fundamental integrity of security systems at our nation 's airports , " said U.S. Attorney AndrÃ © Birotte Jr. in a news release . "  The allegations in this case describe a significant breakdown of the screening system through the conduct of individuals who placed greed above the nation 's security needs . "	Grand jury indictment shows four people have been arrested in alleged scheme Indictment says TSA employees allowed drugs to pass through security checkpoints In exchange for looking other way , screeners received cash , indictment says Three others are suspected in the 2011 incidents at Los Angeles International
CNN  -- As a frequent traveler to Germany , I ca n't help but compare it to the United States . At first , I admired its new architecture . Then I became fascinated with how many different recycling bins line the streets . Lately , I 've been marveling at the country 's work-life balance . Germans work on average 35 hours per week by law . Yet , Germany has n't lost any edge as an industrial powerhouse . In fact , Germany has remained Europe 's biggest economy , even helping to keep the continent afloat during the global recession .  Though lately , growth has been modest for Germany as anxiety looms over Europe ' drag economy . And let 's not forget the amazingly generous maternity-leave policies . When German babies are born , parents can take up to 14 months off of work while still making 65 % of their salary . Concern for work-life balance does n't stop there . German Labor Minister Andrea Nahles is calling for an "  anti-stress regulation " forbidding employers from contacting their employees after business hours . No emails . No phone calls . No text messages . Talk about protecting people 's personal time . There 's good reason to be concerned about work-life balance . One-third of all heart disease cases are linked to stress , often from working too hard . A 2012 study showed that working lengthy hours increases current and future risks of depression . As NPR reported this week , a health expert from the Federation of German Trade Unions has sounded an alarm about the stress , burnout and reduced productivity that result from working too much . Whether or not the policy is enacted , one thing is clear : America could learn a thing or two from Germany when it comes to healthy work attitudes . Imagine the outcry if an American politician or high-ranking government official suggested a "  no emails after 6 p.m. " policy . The reactions ? Probably : "  She 's a lazy bum ! " "  He wants a nanny state ! " "  The government wants to take away my right to work all the time and neglect my family ! " I happen to have a job that I love , and I do n't mind answering emails at all hours . But not everyone is so fortunate . For fear of losing their jobs , many Americans not only check emails after hours but also go to work while sick . Who cares if you 're giving everyone strep throat ? At least the boss knows you 're a hard worker . And then there are the people who can make ends meet just fine , but still feel the need to be workaholics . Does our Protestant work ethic condition us to classify leisure time as a moral failure ? Are we in some sort of sick competition to see who can be the most over-worked , over-stressed person ? Compared with other rich countries , America is more stressed and less happy . According to the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development , we are 28th among advanced nations when it comes to work-life balance -- ninth from the bottom . If increasing our work hours hurts us instead of helping us , why exactly do we do it ? What 's fascinating about this topic is that American conservatives love to extol America 's "  family values " while demonizing those godless European countries like Germany . Yet America has no mandatory maternity leave , no limits to the work week and certainly no interest in curtailing the ability to be "  on call " 24 hours a day . Is n't it pro-family to be able to have the time to care for a newborn ? Is n't it pro-family to be able to spend time , uninterrupted , with your loved ones in the evening ? Journalist Matt Bruenig argued in The Week earlier this year that if American social conservatives really wanted a return to households where men were the breadwinners , women stayed home with the kids and people had more time for family overall , they should embrace European-style socialism . But as the "  no email after work " proposal demonstrates , some Germans fear they 're getting too close to attaining that great American value called stress . In the United States , one in nine employees work more than 50 hours a week . In Germany , it 's one in 18 . That 's a big difference . But get this -- in the Netherlands , only one in 152 employees works more than 50 hours per week , making Germany look quite "  American " in comparison . Whether Germany restricts emails after hours is n't the point . The point is protecting your work-life balance . Germany knows how to do it , and we do n't . Granted , some jobs , such as doctors , paramedics and firefighters , require some level of being on call . Other jobs -- which is to say , the majority of jobs -- have no such need . Nevertheless , we Americans always have our laptops open , our smartphones on and our tablets handy . Better be ready in case the boss needs us during dinner , family time or vacation . But this attitude will be worth it in the end , right ? At least on our deathbeds we 'll never have to say , "  I wish I 'd made myself more available by email after work . "	In Germany a proposed law would ban employers from emailing employees after work David Wheeler : Germany is far ahead of U.S. in work-life balance policies and culture He says conservatives like to extol "  family values " yet U.S. has few family-friendly polices Wheeler : No wonder when compared with other rich countries , U.S. is more stressed
CNN  -- The top-secret federal court that oversees government surveillance on Friday reauthorized the National Security Agency 's program that collects data on nearly every phone call in the United States . The three-month renewal by the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court is the first since two conflicting court opinions last month on the legality of the program . Revealed publicly in leaks last year by former NSA contractor Edward Snowden , the program is at the center of the surveillance debate in the United States . Critics say it violates privacy rights of Americans whose data is collected even though there is n't any suspicion that they pose a security threat . The NSA and its supporters say the bulk collection authority is crucial to uncovering potential terrorists who have n't yet come to the attention of national security officials . The telephone data program , covered under Section 215 of the Patriot Act , has been authorized 36 times over the past seven years , the nation 's top intelligence official said on Friday . President Barack Obama said recently that he is contemplating making modest changes following an independent review of the initiative . One possible change would remove the electronic surveillance effort from the NSA but requiring telecommunications companies , or perhaps a new quasi-government agency , to collect the data . "  The intelligence community continues to be open to modifications to this program that would provide additional privacy and civil liberty protections while still maintaining its operational benefits , " Shawn Turner , spokesman for Director of National Intelligence James Clapper said . A federal judge in Washington last month called the program almost "  Orwellian " and said it was likely unconstitutional . Days later another federal judge in New York , in a separate challenge to the program , said it was lawful . The Justice Department on Friday filed an appeal of the Washington ruling . The American Civil Liberties Union , which brought the New York suit , is appealing that decision . Split decisions will likely set the stage for legal wrangling over the course of the coming year that could ultimately result in a Supreme Court case . NSA wo n't say if it 's ` spying ' on Congress CNN 's Bill Mears contributed to this report .	The national security program collects electronic data in bulk The special court has periodically renewed NSA authority over several years But this decision is the first time since conflicting court rulings were issued One said the data collection appeared unlawful , other said it was OK
CNN  One year after it was perpetrated , the kidnapping of nearly 300 schoolgirls by a jihadist group in Nigeria remains a crime almost too horrifying to comprehend : Hundreds of teenaged girls , just finishing school , destined perhaps for significant achievement -- kidnapped , never to be seen again . "  This crime has rightly caused outrage both in Nigeria and across the world , " the country 's President-elect , Muhammadu Buhari , said Tuesday in marking the anniversary . "  Today is a time to reflect on the pain and suffering of the victims , their friends and families . Our thoughts and prayers , and that of the whole Nigerian nation , are with you today . " The girls were abducted on the night of April 14-15 , 2014 , in the town of Chibok , in northeastern Nigeria , about a two-hour drive from the border with Cameroon . The Government Girls Secondary School had been closed for a month because of the danger posed by Boko Haram militants , who are opposed to Western education , particularly for girls . But students from several schools had been called in to take a final exam in physics . The militants stormed the school , arriving in a convoy of trucks and buses and engaging in a gun battle with school security guards . Then they forced the girls from their dormitories , loaded them into trucks and drove them into the forest . Most have never been seen since , except in a photograph in which they sat on the ground in a semi-circle , clad in Islamic dress . They were between 16 and 18 years old . Police said the militants kidnapped 276 girls in all . About 50 managed to escape soon after they were abducted . Those who did not , it is feared , may have been raped , brutalized , enslaved and forced to convert to Islam . Their parents were stricken with grief . The world was appalled . On Twitter , a hashtag began trending and spread around the world : #BringBackOurGirls . On Tuesday , Malala Yousafzai , the 17-year-old Pakistani girl who was shot in the face for speaking out in favor of girls ' education , sent a message to the kidnapped girls . "  I am one of the millions of people around the world who keep you and your families foremost in our thoughts and prayers , " she wrote . "  We can not imagine the full extent of the horrors you have endured . But please know this : We will never forget you . " One year later , a few things have changed . Each of the missing girls has had a birthday in captivity . Each is now a year older . Nigeria 's current president , Goodluck Jonathan , was defeated in his campaign for re-election , in part , it is thought , because he failed to effectively combat Boko Haram . Buhari , the incoming president , has pledged an aggressive effort to wipe out the group . But much remains unchanged , as well . Boko Haram still controls swathes of northeastern Nigeria . According to UNICEF , 800,000 children have been forced to flee their homes because of the conflict between the Nigerian military , civilian self-defense groups , and Boko Haram . Amnesty International says women and children continue to be abducted . And it says Boko Haram continues to kill in large numbers . Beyond that , more than 200 schoolgirls who had gathered one year ago to take their science exam are still missing . Their families are still bereft . And Tuesday on Twitter , a hashtag was still trending : #BringBackOurGirls .	Nigeria 's President-elect sends nation 's prayers to families of girls World still expresses hope that the girls will return Boko Haram controls a portion of northeastern Nigeria
CNN  -- Like a fine Italian wine , it seems Andrea Pirlo just keeps getting better with age . At 34 , Pirlo is most certainly in the twilight of his long and illustrious career , which has seen him snare four Italian league titles , two European Champions League crowns and one World Cup . But in a tense round of 16 clash with fellow Italians Fiorentina he proved he can still be the difference at the top level after his glorious free kick sent Juventus into the Europa League quarterfinals . Locked at 1-1 after the first leg in Florence , Pirlo sent a perfectly flighted set piece into the net with less than 20 minutes remaining to seal a 2-1 aggregate victory . Though a full 27 points separates the sides in Serie A , with Juve poised to win their third straight Italian title , Fiorentina are the only team to have beaten them in the league this campaign . But after the home side squandered several chances , Juve came back into the game , Pirlo 's 71st minute goal coming shortly after Gonzalo Rodriguez had been sent off for La Viola . Now Juventus have a real chance to banish the disappointment of going out of the Champions League in the group stages by winning Europe 's second-tier tournament . Portuguese giants Benfica are also through to the last eight after they held firm in the face of a late fightback from English Premier League side Tottenham Hotspur . Trailing 3-1 from the first leg in London last week , Spurs then conceded the opener as Ezequiel Garay nodded home from close range . But Spurs burst into life in the second half and after Nacer Chadli scored twice in the space of two minutes , they needed just one more goal to level the tie and force extra time . But as they poured forward in search of their third goal of the night they were caught on the break , Lima scoring from the penalty spot after he was brought down in the area by Sandro . Spurs manager Tim Sherwood told ITV : "  It 's such a shame we have n't gone through tonight . They were sweating near the end and the momentum was with us . "  We thought if we stayed in the game we had the quality to hurt them . We wore them down , we countered time and time again with quality players . " Elsewhere , Spanish outfit Valencia cruised into the quarterfinals after a 1-0 victory over Bulgarian minnows Ludogorets Razgrad confirmed a 4-0 aggregate success . An early goal from Bafetimbi Gomis helped Lyon , from France , to a 5-3 aggregate win over Viktoria Plzen , though the Czech side fought back to win 2-1 on the night . Dutch side AZ Alkmaar held on in Russia for a 0-0 draw against Anzhi Makhachkala to secure a 1-0 win on aggregate . A 2-2 draw with Portuguese champions Porto was n't enough to see Italian side Napoli into the last eight , as they lost 3-2 on aggregate . Goals from Nabil Ghilas and Ricardo Quaresma did the damage for Porto , who won the competition in 2011 . Swiss side FC Basel progressed to the next round despite having Marek Suchy sent off after just eight minutes and going behind to against SV Salzburg in Austria . But they fought back in the second half and goals from Marco Streller and Gaston Sauro sent them through 2-1 on aggregate .	Italian champions Juventus beat Fiorentina to make Europa League quarterfinals Stunning free kick from veteran Andrea Pirlo seals victory over fellow Italian side Portuguese giants Benfica see off late rally from Spurs to make last eight Spanish side Valencia ease past Bulgarian minnows Ludogorets Razgrad
The vice president of Iraq -- the country 's top Sunni politician -- pleaded for calm Monday following his death sentence in absentia , while lashing out at Shiite Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki over what he described as a politically motivated case . The fallout over the death sentence handed down to Tariq al-Hashimi has generated a political split along sectarian lines in Iraq , raising fears the conflict will translate into violence in the streets . "  The verdict is unjust , political and illegitimate and I will not acknowledge it , " al-Hashimi told reporters in Ankara , Turkey , where he has been living since fleeing Iraq five months ago . The verdict was handed down Sunday , the same day a wave of bombings across Iraq left up to 94 people dead and more than 300 wounded . Al Qaeda in Iraq -- an umbrella group for predominantly Sunni insurgents -- claimed responsibility for the attacks in a post on Monday on a well-known jihadist web site . "  To my dear people , I say , make sure that al-Maliki and those who stand behind him do n't get what he wishes . Because they want sectarian strife , " al-Hashimi said . "  Whoever loves al-Hashimi and believes in my vision , do not target or harm any civilian or any resident in Iraq either by your action or your speech , " he said . Al-Hashimi has vehemently denied charges of overseeing death squads that carried out more than 150 attacks , accusing al-Maliki of pushing the case as part of an effort to consolidate power and push the country toward a religious divide . "  Al-Maliki is pushing my country to a turning point with a deeply sectarian dimension , " al-Hashimi told CNN in an interview earlier this year . At the time , he warned that the United States "  will face the same problem as they faced in 2003 " when a U.S.-led coalition toppled Saddam Hussein , igniting sectarian violence that nearly tore the country apart . Al-Maliki has dismissed the claims , saying there are a number of Sunnis in key government positions . Critics point to al-Maliki 's failure to name ministers to key posts , including the ministries of interior and defense . Months before American troops withdrew from Iraq , U.S. military officials failed to get al-Maliki to fill what the ministry positions that are seen as essential to stability in Iraq . Al Qaeda in Iraq , also known as the Islamic State of Iraq , warned following a spate of attacks in July and August that it planned to rally Sunnis across the country . The claim has raised concerns that the group could unite Sunnis who feel disenfranchised by the political process . While sectarian violence has decreased since the height of the U.S.-led war in 2005 and 2006 , there has been a sharp escalation in attacks in recent months . In July , the number of dead hit a two-year peak with 325 deaths reported , according to the Interior Ministry . That 's the deadliest single month since August 2010 , it said . The timing of al-Hashimi 's death sentence also threatens to upend Iraq 's fragile power-sharing agreement that has been mired for more than a year in political infighting . "  It was regrettable that the judicial decision against him was issued at this particular time and he is still officially in his position , which could become a factor that does not help or may complicate efforts to achieve national reconciliation , " Iraqi President Jalal Talabani said in a statement Monday . Under the proposal , the three major governmental positions -- prime minister , president and parliament speaker -- were to be filled by members of the country 's three largest ethnic groups : the Shiites , the Kurds and the Sunnis . As late as July , the U.N. Security Council called on Iraq to carry out long-postponed political reconciliation talks , saying all sides need to refrain from making statements that could aggravate tensions over efforts to push for inclusive political talks and national reconciliation in Iraq . Lawmaker Nada al-Jabouri , a member of al-Hashimi 's Sunni-dominated Iraqiya political party , criticized the timing of the sentencing . "  Iraq is preparing for a big national reconciliation in the near future in order to achieve stability in this country , " he said . "  This will not help . " There are also questions about what the sentencing means for already tense relations between Iraq and Turkey . The two countries have been divided over Syria and the Kurdish militant group PKK , which has launched attacks from Iraq into Turkey for years in effort to gain Kurdish autonomy . Shortly after al-Hashimi 's sentence was announced , the Turkish Foreign Ministry said he could remain in Turkey for as long as he wants , according to media reports . Al-Hashimi has refused to return to Iraq , saying he could not get a fair trial from a court backed by al-Maliki . Iraq 's Supreme Judicial Council sentenced al-Hashimi to be hung for the killings of a female lawyer and an Iraqi army general , according to a court spokesman . Al-Hashimi can appeal the death sentence . The arrest warrant for al-Hashimi was issued late last year after his Iraqiya party announced a boycott of Parliament , saying al-Maliki was cutting it out of the decision-making process . His Sunni-majority party has since ended its boycott . The case appeared to largely rest on the purported confession of three men , who were identified as members of the vice president 's security detail . Iraqi state television aired video of the confessions in December , though al-Hashimi 's supporters said the confessions were coerced . CNN has not been able to verify the identities of the three men . Among the aired confessions was one by a man who detailed al-Hashimi 's involvement in roadside bombings and shootings that targeted government and security officials in 2009 . Al-Hashimi fled the same day the arrest warrant was issued , first to Iraq 's semiautonomous Kurdish region north of Baghdad . He then went to Turkey . Iraq asked for help from Interpol , which issued a "  red notice " that calls on the 190 countries that belong to the international police organization to help locate and arrest al-Hashimi . No action appears to have been taken to return al-Hashimi to Baghdad . He currently is living in a government house in Istanbul .	Death toll rises to 94 in Sunday 's attacks Al Qaeda in Iraq 's claim of responsibility follows a warning it would unite Sunnis Al-Hashimi , Iraq 's top Sunni politician , was sentenced to death in absentia A court in Baghdad found him guilty of overseeing death squads
CNN  -- If you 've traveled to Asia at all , the center of all things techy and kitschy , you 've no doubt witnessed some of the odd stuff sold in vending machines there .  Japan , in fact , has the highest concentration of vending machines in the world , with one per every 23 people .  Drop your coins in the slot and you can retrieve everything from fresh eggs to pet rhinoceros beetles . There 's even a new machine in Singapore that dispenses free bottles of Coke in exchange for a hug  yes , you have to actually wrap your arms around the machine  . But unusually stocked vending machines are showing up more and more frequently in the United States these days , particularly in airports and other areas heavily trafficked by travelers . So stock up your change purse and check out these nine vending machines that deliver both quirkiness and convenience . Cupcakes , Sprinkles bakery Have a ferocious sweet tooth ? Famed Los Angeles-based cupcake maker Sprinkles made it easy to satisfy your craving no matter the time of day or night when it unveiled the first of its 24-hour cupcake ATMs , which was installed outside its original Beverly Hills location . The individually boxed confections go for $ 4 apiece , come in a variety of flavors , and are said to never be more than a few hours old . Photos : Earth 's otherworldly landscapes Original artworks , Smithsonian American Art Museum After a visit to this D.C. art museum showcasing the works of everyone from Georgia O'Keeffe to John Singer Sargent , you may be inspired to start a collection of your own . Thanks to the on-site Art-o-mat , one of dozens located at galleries and similar locales throughout the country , $ 5 is all you 'll need to get started . Simply put your money in the slot , pull the handle , and out pops a pocket-size masterpiece created by one of 400 artists from around the world . The Art-o-mats , which are all reconfigured from vintage cigarette machines , are somewhat of a work of art in themselves . The world 's record-breaking airports Women 's flats , Vegas hotels In Vegas , just outside the TAO nightclub in the The Venetian hotel and the Vanity club at the Hard Rock Hotel , there are handy little dispensaries aimed at ladies suffering the aches and pains of having danced the night away in sky-high stilettos . For $ 19.95 , they can purchase a pair of stylish Rollasole ballet flats that unfold to provide their feet instant relief from teetering around in high heels all evening . Fresh flowers , Nashville International Airport Picking up a loved one at the airport and want to welcome them with a handful of colorful blooms ? You 're in luck , as Nashville International in Tennessee is just one of 29 airports in cities across the U.S. that features a refrigerated 24-Hour Flower vending machine selling bouquets of flowers that start at as little as $ 10 . The company 's newest flower dispensary is at the brand new Terminal 3 at McCarran International Airport in Las Vegas . Gold bars , Golden Nugget Hotel & Casino The Golden Nugget in Atlantic City , New Jersey , seems an appropriate location for a vending machine that sells a selection of gold bars and coins . The 300-plus items inside the GOLD to go ATM are sold by the ounce or gram and their prices are updated every 60 seconds according to market fluctuations . The Golden Nugget in Las Vegas also offers this shopping convenience . Beach gear , Miramar Beach It happens all the time : You drive to the coast , scope out the perfect spot on the sand , lay out your towel , and are about to dive into the surf when you realize you 've forgotten the sunscreen . At Gulf-front Miramar Beach in Destin , Florida , there 's no need to pack everything back up for a trip to go get some SPF 30 . Simply head to the Sandbox vending machine adjacent to the beach bar at Pompano Joe 's Seafood House , and you 'll find a selection of sunscreen , sunglasses , goggles , floats and other fun-in-the-sun necessities . Luxury goods , Hudson Hotel Designed as an alternative to the traditional hotel gift shop , the unique vending machine at this trendy New York City lodging , nicknamed Semi-Automatic , contains a curated collection of designer items like Comme des GarÃ § ons wallets , Nixon watches , and Ray-Ban sunglasses . Got an extra $ 90,000 ? Splurge on its most expensive selection : the keys to a brand new Bentley Arnage T. Clothes to go , South Station Forgot to pack clean underwear for your big trip to Bean Town ? Visitors arriving through the South Station bus and train terminal in Boston can stock up on undies , T-shirts , socks , scarves and the like from Automatic Apparel 's automated clothing "  store . " Everything is under $ 15 and can be returned if deemed unsatisfactory . Consumer electronics , San Antonio International Airport There 's nothing worse than being stuck on a long flight with a crying baby or a snoring seatmate . Block out the noise with a pair of Beats by Dr. Dre headphones available from one of the Best Buy Express vending machines at San Antonio International in Texas , one of the more than 50 airports across the country to feature the retail giant 's automated selection of digital cameras , portable media players , gaming consoles , phone chargers , and other gadgets that help make travel -- and life -- a little easier .	More unique vending machines are popping up in the United States Machines in high-traffic areas offer everything from shoes to sunscreen Golden Nugget casinos have ATMs that dispense gold In Beverly Hills , fresh cupcakes are available via machine 24/7
PARIS , France  CNN  -- The chief of the French army resigned Tuesday after an accidental shooting at a military open house that left 17 people wounded . French Chief of Army Staff General Bruno Cuche salutes during a welcome ceremony in India . President Nicolas Sarkozy has accepted the resignation of Gen. Bruno Cuche , the Elysee said in a statement on its Web site . "  The president ... as he has already stated , is closely following the various investigations now under way , " the statement from Sarkozy 's office said . Seventeen people , including some children , were wounded by live bullets Sunday as a commando parachute infantry regiment demonstrated a hostage extraction exercise at a military open house in Carcassonne , France , in the country 's southwest , according to the French military 's Web site . The soldiers in the demonstration were supposed to be using blanks , but one soldier shot live rounds that remained in his weapon after shooting drills , according to the French newspaper Le Figaro . That soldier was suspended Tuesday and will appear before a judge later in the day , the newspaper said . Defense Minister Herve Morin has called for a probe scrutinizing the procedures and rules governing the use of ammunition and the security provisions taken during public demonstrations of military exercises , a statement on his Web site said . He also called for an immediate suspension of the use of blanks in any public military demonstration . Brice Robin , prosecutor for Montpellier , said the shooting seemed unintended and that the soldier appeared to "  have made a mistake while loading his gun , " The associated Press reported . . "  This act was absolutely not premeditated ; I want to be clear about this point , " the agency reported Robin as saying .	French president accepts resignation of the chief of the French army 17 people injured , 4 seriously , after accidental shooting at a military open house Shooting demonstration used real bullets instead of blank ones , officials say Defense minister suspends use of blank munitions at public military shows
CNN  -- The ice moves inexorably ashore , crackling as it goes like thousands of windows breaking . In minutes , it 's moved from the shoreline of a Minnesota lake to the walls of homes along the lake . "  It was just pushing and breaking and pushing and breaking , " Darla Johnson , who made a video of Saturday 's "  ice tsunami " on Mille Lacs Lake , told CNN affiliate WCCO-TV in Minneapolis . Johnson 's video had more than 275,000 views on YouTube by Monday morning . And once you watch it , you ca n't stop . It 's like a sci-fi movie , and there 's certainly science involved . Christopher Tetrault , a conservation officer for the area with the Minnesota Department of Natural Resources , said the weather event works like this : Strong winds blow heavy chunks of ice out in the lake toward the shore . Those chunks heave up bits of lighter , melting ice closer to shore up on the land . The more the wind blows , the more ice comes onto land . "  It basically has the same mechanism of an iceberg , " said Todd Borek , a CNN meteorologist . "  Winds , but more so ocean currents , allow icebergs to drift . Same premise : A chunk of ice  relatively shallow  was pushed by a strong , sustained wind . The momentum of the ice sheet overcame the friction of the land . " Tetrault said the ice came about 60 feet to 80 feet inland Saturday , getting as high as 30 feet in some places . The ice mass covered up about 2.5 miles of shoreline , he said . At least one home had 2 to 3 feet of ice spill through its patio glass doors , and some boathouses along the lake were destroyed , he said . It was something Tetrault , who 's only been stationed on Mille Lacs Lake for a few months , had n't seen before . But longtime locals told him they could n't remember anything similar since the 1950s . The same phenomenon was seen Friday on Dauphin Lake in Manitoba , about 75 miles northwest of Winnipeg , where a wall of ice up to 30 feet high destroyed six homes and damaged 14 others , according to a report from the Canadian Broadcasting Corp. . "  This is worse than a flood , because with a flood , the water just goes through and it 's finished . With this , there 's still so much ice out on the lake that if the wind picks up again , it could start all over , " homeowner Elaine Davis told the CBC . "  You know you 've got cement , concrete blocks and steel , and the ice goes through it like it 's just a toothpick , " Dennis Stykalo , who also lost a home to the ice , told the CBC . "  It just shows the power . There is nothing you can do ; you just get out of the way and just watch . " In Minnesota on Monday , people were watching the ice there melt , a steady rain helping the process , Tetrault said . Temperatures on Tuesday expected to be in the 80s or higher were also expected to help , both with the ice onshore and the larger sheet now 200 to 300 yards out into the lake , he said . Still , that ice mass was about 16 inches thick Monday , and the weather can change quickly in Minnesota . "  It 's not as significant as it was , " Tetrault said , "  but you never know with what Mother Nature does . "	Strong winds push melting ice onto lakeshore in Minnesota Twenty homes also destroyed or damaged in Canada , report says Ice as high as 30 feet on Canadian shore
CNN  -- Motivational speaker and author Zig Ziglar died Wednesday in Dallas "  after a short bout with pneumonia , " his spokesman said . He was 86 . The self-described "  Undisputed King of Motivation " was known for his seminars , which grew into large gatherings held in packed arenas . Ziglar wrote more than two dozen books on salesmanship and motivation over five decades . He spread his message of positive attitude , motivation and success through stories punctuated with short quotes that became legendary among his followers , such as : â $ cents "  Failure is a detour , not a dead-end street . " â $ cents "  Success is the maximum utilization of the ability that you have . " â $ cents "  Of course motivation is not permanent . But then , neither is bathing ; but it is something you should do on a regular basis . " After suffering injuries in a fall in 2007 , Ziglar continued his tour schedule with fewer events and help from his daughter onstage . He was born Hilary Hinton Ziglar in Coffee County , Alabama . His family moved to Yazoo City , Mississippi , and later to New York City . In his autobiography , Ziglar described a challenging childhood that taught him to connect with people . Ziglar was ` simply the best ' He began speaking in public as a salesman in the 1950s , although his professional speaking career did not start until the 1970s . A collection of Ziglar quotes pulled from social media users is displayed at the top of this story . If you are unable to see the quotes , please click here .	Self-described "  Undisputed King of Motivation " was known for his seminars He wrote more than two dozen books on salesmanship and motivation "  Failure is a detour , not a dead-end street " is one of many famous Ziglar quotes
Hacktivist group Anonymous published what it claims to be personal information of members of the Westboro Baptist Church after the group announced on Saturday it would picket Sandy Hook Elementary School in Newtown , Connecticut , where 26 children and adults were killed . Anonymous published private e-mail addresses , phone numbers and home addresses of various members , and teased the group about the hack on Twitter . Anonymous also posted a video condemning the group for "  breeding hatred " and adding , "  We will destroy you . We are coming . " The Westboro group holds protests at military funerals , and targets various cultures and demographics , particularly gay people . The group blames them for tragedies such as shootings , saying it 's God 's punishment for their actions . The Westboro Baptist Church has previously been warned by Anonymous , who in February 2011 told the group to "  Cease and desist " its protest campaign in 2011 , or face damage to its website . "  The damage incurred will be irreversible , and neither your institution nor your congregation will ever be able to fully recover , " Anonymous wrote . And the group may be forced to stop picketing if several new petitions gain enough momentum . Two White House petitions , both published on Friday , aim to classify the Westboro Baptist Church as a hate group . "  Legally recognize Westboro Baptist Church as a hate group " has more than 72,000 signatures , while another called "  Define the Westboro Baptist Church as a hate group due to promoting animosity against differing cultural demographics " clocks in at 17,000 signatures . Petitions that gain 25,000 signatures by Jan. 13 , 2013 will be viewed by the Obama Administration , and a response will be issued . The American Bar Association defines hate speech as "  speech that offends , threatens , or insults groups , based on race , color , religion , national origin , sexual orientation , disability , or other traits . " Do you think the Westboro Baptist Church is exercising its right to free speech , or does this classify as hate speech ? Tell us in the comments . See the original article on Mashable.com	Hacktivist group Anonymous publishes personal info of Westboro Baptist Church members Church group announced it would picket site of school shooting in Newtown , Connecticut Anonymous posts members ' private e-mail addresses , phone numbers and home addresses
The naked Florida man who chewed off the face of another man last month in a zombie-like cannibal attack used marijuana but not "  bath salts " as police had suspected , authorities said Wednesday . Rudy Eugene , 31 , was killed by a police officer after Eugene 's 18-minute attack on a homeless man . His body did n't show "  any other street drugs , alcohol or prescription drugs , or any adulterants found in street drugs , " according to the Miami-Dade County Medical Examiner Department . "  The department has also sought the assistance of an outside forensic toxicology reference laboratory , which has confirmed the absence of ` bath salts , ' synthetic marijuana and LSD , " the statement said . A video of last month 's incident shows Eugene coming across 65-year-old Ronald Poppo on a sidewalk along Miami 's MacArthur Causeway , stripping clothes off him and eventually chewing on his face . Police said Poppo lost 75 % of his face in the attack . Armando Aguilar , president of the Fraternal Order of Police , told CNN affiliate WPLG last month that he suspected Eugene was under the influence of "  bath salts , " a drug that contains synthetic stimulants that can "  cause chest pains , increased blood pressure , increased heart rate , agitation , hallucinations , extreme paranoia and delusions , " according to the National Institute of Drug Abuse . Eugene 's mother said last month that her son was "  a nice kid " who could have been subdued with a Taser rather than gunfire . "  He was a good kid . He gave me a nice card on Mother 's Day . Everyone says he was a zombie . He was no zombie . That was my son , " the mother , who asked that her name not be revealed , told CNN affiliate WFOR . Chicago greenlights citations for marijuana instead of arrests Opinion : Marijuana law creates criminals	Rudy Eugene , 31 , was killed by police after he chewed off the face of a homeless man His body contained marijuana but no other drugs , the coroner 's office says Police had suspected Eugene was under the influence of "  bath salts " The absence of "  bath salts " is also confirmed by an outside lab , coroner says
The beheading of American aid worker Peter Kassig by ISIS is an act of cruelty , but it 's also an act of desperation by a terrorist organization that has found itself on the run . None of us , sadly , can be surprised anymore at the brutality of ISIS , the insidious group that now controls huge chunks of territory in Syria and Iraq . But Kassig 's murder also reveals how little regard the so-called "  Islamic State " has for Islamic values . Moderate and radical Islamic clerics alike had called for ISIS to spare the life of Kassig -- also known as Abdul-Rahman -- a former U.S. Army Ranger who toured Iraq in 2007 and converted to Islam during his year in captivity . Killing a convert to Islam is an extremely serious violation of the well-established consensus in the Islamic community on the sacredness of life for converts to the religion . Abu Muhammed al-Maqdsi , a mentor to many al Qaeda leaders , had called for mercy -- not only because Kassig was a convert to Islam , but because he had given up so much to move to Syria and help victims of the war . Militant Islamists in the country also went public with a request for mercy . They said Kassig , a trained medic , had treated them when they were injured in battles against Syrian government forces . It was inevitable that these calls would fall on deaf ears . Beheading Western hostages is one of the only tools ISIS has at its disposal to retaliate against the American-led airstrikes that are beginning to land serious blows on the group . Hundreds of fighters have been killed by airstrikes in Iraq and Syria , particularly around the Syrian town of Kobani , and Iraqi troops have also made a series of advances . It took the Americans about two months to build up a critical mass of intelligence -- what U.S. military officials call "  patterns of life " -- about the behaviors and organization of ISIS , but in the last few weeks that critical work has begun to bear fruit . On November 7 , American warplanes bombed a convoy of vehicles near Mosul , in northern Iraq . The airstrikes were conducted against what was assessed to be a meeting of ISIS leaders near the town . Unconfirmed reports suggested that a number of top commanders -- including ISIS chief Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi -- could have been injured in the attack . While it is difficult to keep track of the latest developments on the ground , what we do know is this : The momentum , at least in Iraq , is shifting . The group 's leaders are being hunted down , and they 're feeling the pain . In July , a video emerged of a defiant Baghdadi delivering a sermon at a mosque in Mosul . Last week , ISIS released an audio clip of a man purporting to be Baghdadi -- a sign that , like al Qaeda 's leaders before them , ISIS bosses are going deeper and deeper underground . ISIS ' surge has been blunted by U.S. airstrikes . The days when the group could sweep into a town and take it over seem long gone . The Iraqi army along with its allies -- the Kurds and the Shia militias -- have made good progress in the past two months , retaking Baiji and other strategic towns in Iraq . The nation 's military is being restructured and rebuilt , and the Iraqi state is beginning to stand on its own two feet . The terror group 's success up until now has been based on its ability to sell its narrative to poor local Sunni communities . ISIS has portrayed itself as the defender of persecuted Sunnis against sectarian Shia-led governments in Iraq and Syria and elsewhere , and embedded itself into the communities of cities like Mosul , Tikrit and Fallujah . This narrative brought thousands of Sunnis together to fight the Shia under ISIS ' banner , even though these tribes did n't subscribe to the group 's extremist ideology . But more and more Sunnis are beginning to realize that ISIS is n't their friend . In fact Muslims , have until now borne the brunt of ISIS ' brutality . The group has killed thousands of Shias and Sunnis are also being targeted . In August , ISIS fighters massacred 700 members of the Sunni Shaitat tribe in eastern Syria , according to the Washington Post . In early November , ISIS murdered hundreds of members of the Albu Nimr tribe , a powerful Sunni clan in Anbar province , west of Baghdad . Today , more and more Sunni tribes are beginning to organize themselves in opposition to ISIS ' bloody reign . The battle for Kobani could now prove to be the turning point . ISIS has made a last stand of sorts in this small Kurdish town on Syria 's border with Turkey . The group wanted to send a message to the world that not only could it defeat local opposition , it could defeat the Americans . That mission has failed , and it was a monstrous strategic error . ISIS poured thousands of skilled fighters into Kobani . We have evidence that many of them never returned , and that ISIS has forced local policemen to join their ranks . But the heroic will of the Kurdish defense forces in Kobani have broken the group 's will -- and most significantly , they have shattered ISIS ' narrative of invincibility . Kobani has shown that ISIS can be defeated . ISIS has been stopped in its tracks . The group is bleeding and the beheading of Kassig shows ISIS ' desperation to lash out , to show that it still has options . Is the battle over ? Of course not . It will be long , it will be costly , it will be risky , and it will last for years -- perhaps even a decade . This is an army of tens of thousands of skilled , fanatical soldiers who are willing to kill and be killed . The voice  purported to be Baghdadi 's  on last week 's recording declared : "  They will never abandon fighting ... They will be triumphant even if only one man of them is left . " The top-down approach of airstrikes and ground forces wo n't rid the Middle East of ISIS ' insidious ideology . This is not about winning one or two battles -- it 's about dismantling Baghdadi 's killing machine from the ground up . The group can only be defeated when its sectarian narrative about the persecution of Sunnis is dismantled . We need a bottom-up approach that addresses the legitimate grievances of poor Sunni communities in Iraq and Syria , and gives them a stake in their political future . We need a political solution to the civil war in Syria that has provided ISIS with motivation , funding , and thousands of skilled soldiers . And we need to put an end to the proxy war being waged in these countries by the Sunni rulers of Saudi Arabia and the Shia regime in Iran . Given the complexity of the situation , this is all easier said than done . The latest developments have shown that ISIS is not invincible -- but to defeat the group , military cooperation without true political consensus on how to end the crisis will not be enough .	American hostage Peter Kassig beheaded by ISIS militants in new video released online Gerges : Kassig 's beheading reveals a terror group that is desperate and on the run Gerges : American-led airstrikes are working and ISIS ' leaders are being driven underground Gerges : Sunni tribes that were loyal to ISIS are now peeling off amid the group 's ongoing brutality
CNN  -- The girlfriend of James "  Whitey " Bulger was sentenced to eight years in federal prison Tuesday for identity fraud and helping the reputed mob boss avoid capture for 16 years . Catherine Greig , who prosecutors said was Bulger 's "  partner " in avoiding capture , must also pay a $ 150,000 fine , U.S. District Judge Douglas Woodlock ruled . Greig , 61 , declined to speak before her sentencing , but her lawyer said afterward that she has no regrets . "  She was in love with the guy and lived with him for 16 years , " J.W. Carney said . "  Of course she does n't regret it . " Bulger and Greig were captured at their Santa Monica , California , apartment a year ago . He faces trial later this year , accused of committing 19 murders during a reign of terror in South Boston during the 1970s and 1980s . The clues that led to the Bulgers ' capture Greig pleaded guilty in March to conspiracy to harbor a fugitive , identity fraud and conspiracy to commit identity fraud . Federal prosecutors , calling it "  the most extreme case " of harboring a fugitive , asked the judge to give her 10 years in prison . "  She not only hid his identity , but also hid the fact Bulger had filled their apartment with weapons , enabling Bulger to avoid capture by violence if necessary , " prosecutors said in a sentencing memo . Woodlock , before imposing the sentence in U.S. District Court in Boston , said Greig had to pay a price for her bad choices . He suggested she could show that she was making better choices by cooperating with prosecutors in the case against Bulger . Her lawyer made it clear outside of the courthouse that she would not become a government witness because she feels "  the love of her life " is innocent . "  She does n't buy that , does n't believe it , and absolutely stands by her man , " Carney said . Stephen Rakes , who says his South Boston liquor store was taken over by Bulger , was one of the victims who spoke in court before the sentencing . He said he thought Greig should have been given the maximum 15 years in prison . "  She has no heart , " Rakes said after the sentencing . "  She probably sleeps in an ice chest . " Bulger , who is being held without bail , was the head of a South Boston Irish gang before he fled an impending racketeering indictment in 1995 . He evaded law enforcement for 16 years before he and Greig were arrested in June 2011 in Santa Monica . The couple had , for several years , hidden in plain sight in the palm-tree-lined , oceanside city near Los Angeles in a three-story building named Princess Eugenia .	NEW : Catherine Greig has no regrets for hiding the "  love of her life , " her lawyer says NEW : Greig "  has no heart . She probably sleeps in an ice chest , " one victim says Greig was James "  Whitey " Bulger 's "  partner " in avoiding capture , prosecutors say Bulger and Grieg were captured at their Santa Monica , California , apartment a year ago
New York  CNN  -- The man who rescued an 11-year-old girl lost in a dense Florida swamp said Wednesday that God led him directly to her and that finding her was no surprise . James King said he set out on his own to look for Nadia Bloom on Tuesday , trusting that he was going in the right direction even when that meant through water or dense brush . "  I was expecting to hear her voice , " King told CNN . "  So I 'm yelling , ` Nadia ! ' and at one point , I yell , ` Nadia ! ' and I hear ` What ? ' And I said that way -- right there . " Tanya Bloom , Nadia 's mother , said later Wednesday that the family is "  so fortunate God used him to bring her back . " "  She 's doing remarkably well , " Bloom said . "  She has swollen feet and lots of bug bites and scratches , but she 's doing great . " Dr. Mary Farrell , who treated the girl when she arrived at the hospital , said that Nadia was in good shape but that she would remain hospitalized a little longer because of a bacterial infection . "  When she got here , she was a little bit dehydrated but she had been resuscitated pretty well , " Farrell said , "  and she looked remarkably well considering she had been out for four and half days . " King said he was surprised at the good shape Nadia was in . She had been missing since Friday . Shoeless and covered in insect bites , she was in otherwise good condition , he said . "  She was not panicked . She looked like she had been sitting there , waiting on me , " he said . The two of them then stayed in the swamp , near Lake Jesup in central Florida , while King called authorities . When he got hold of the 911 dispatcher , he put Nadia on the phone . "  Hi . This is Nadia . I 'm the girl who got lost , " came the little girl 's voice . King said it took him "  two hours of rough time " trekking through the swamp to find Nadia . He said he figures it took Nadia just as long to reach the same spot . She told King that she had gone on a nature walk and simply got lost . "  We are so , so grateful , " Nadia 's father , Jeff Bloom , said . "  I ca n't even express how we felt when she was found -- beyond words . " The swamp was so dense , King said , that the rescuers who carried Nadia out on a black cloth stretcher Tuesday had to use machetes to cut through the brush , bushes and trees . "  I see it as an answer to a lot of people 's prayers , " King told CNN . "  I 'm just very thankful , I 'm thankful that God used me as a part of it to be able to find her . It 's definitely a miracle . "  I did n't know where she was . The only person who knew where she was was God , and I asked him and he led me directly to her , straight -- well , as straight as you can go through the swamp . " King said he prayed the whole time he was searching , even when it seemed like he was going in the wrong direction . In one case , he said , there was water all around and he did n't know where to go . "  He said , ` Go that way . ' And I 'm looking at water . I said , ` Lord , are you sure ? ' He said . ' I got ya . ' And as soon as I start walking , the ground under the water is solid . It 's only about a foot and a half deep . He took care of me all the way there . " The disappearance of Nadia , described as mildly autistic , had sparked an Amber Alert that was canceled when King found her . Both King and Nadia 's family at one time attended the same church , Metro Church in Winter Springs , Florida , but they did n't know one another -- though King said Nadia did seem to register him as a friendly face when she was found . The church held an open-air thanksgiving service to celebrate Nadia 's return Tuesday evening . "  Give the glory to God , " Nadia 's father told reporters after seeing his daughter Tuesday . King had brought trail mix and drinks to give to Nadia if he found her , but he also brought another important item -- toilet paper . The swamp vegetation was so thick that the helicopter that came to retrieve Nadia and King could n't see them on the ground . King said he heard the chopper overhead and tried to give the dispatcher directions for the pilot , but it still did n't work . "  I had brought toilet paper for signaling , and so I covered the top of a couple of bushes that were in more of an open area than I was in , " King told CNN . "  They still had a hard time finding me , but I used that on the top  of the bushes  and they finally were able to locate it . " Authorities questioned King after they got to safety , something King said was unexpected but understandable , especially given his ability to find Nadia so quickly . "  They also have a job to do , " he said . "  They have a responsibility to the community to make sure there is no foul play . And so I understand that , I understood it completely . " Coming out of the swamp was a blur with lots of hugs and praise , King said . He said he hopes to be able to see the Bloom family again , and that Nadia even hinted he 'd be welcome : "  She said she might invite me to her pizza party . "	NEW : "  She 's doing remarkably well , " says Nadia Bloom 's grateful mother , Tanya James King said he set out on his own to look for Nadia on Tuesday It took him "  two hours of rough time " trekking through swamp to find 11-year-old He was surprised by the good shape girl was in , said she was n't panicked
Washington  CNN  -- President Barack Obama made a surprise appearance at Tuesday 's kids ' "  state dinner " at the White House , an event thrown by the the first lady to welcome the winners of the second annual Healthy Lunchtime Challenge . "  Usually , at a state dinner , I get invited , so I do n't know what happened on this one , " the president joked . "  I hear the food is pretty good . " Obama went around to each table to congratulate the kids before leaving to get back to official business . "  This is what it 's like to be a part of an official state dinner , " Michelle Obama told the children and their parents gathered in the East Room . "  We mirrored it exactly to what people experience when we host world leaders here . " The kids , ranging in age from 8 to 12 , even got to experience an arrival ceremony in which they were officially announced as they made their way through the booksellers ' entrance of the White House . The Healthy Lunchtime Challenge is a recipe contest for kids across the country , launched in 2012 by Epicurious -- a website about food -- to promote healthy eating for children in the United States . It is part of first lady Michelle Obama 's Let 's Move initiative , a program developed to "  solve the epidemic of childhood obesity within a generation , " according to the program 's website . Last week , the White House Epicurious , and the departments of Education and Agriculture announced 54 winners from more than 1,300 entries . One winner was chosen from each of the 50 states , plus three territories and the District of Columbia . Each recipe had to meet the USDA 's healthy meal criteria and had to represent each of the five food groups . Fruits and vegetables were required to be part of at least half of the recipe . "  We have seen that when kids like all of you get involved in creating your own healthy meals , the results can really be amazing and delicious and fun , " Michelle Obama told the young chefs . "  You 'll come up with ideas that none of us grownups ever thought of . " Winning recipes included Picky Eater Pita Pizza Pockets , made by 8-year-old Jacob Hirsch from West Bloomfield , Michigan , and Bring it on , Brussels Sprout Wrap ! by 9-year-old Corbin Jackson from Mount Pleasant , South Carolina . Tuesday 's event featured some of the winning recipes , many of which are considered finger food . "  Using your fingers is completely fine here . ... The first lady has said that it is OK ! " Michelle Obama exclaimed . The president took mock offense at his wife 's comment . "  Michelle never said to me I can just pick up something with my fingers at a state dinner . That 's not fair ! " he joked . Amber Kelley traveled to the White House from Woodinville , Washington , for the special event . The 10-year-old won for her Nummy No-Noodle Lasagna recipe and got to sit next to Michelle Obama during lunch . Amber explained the big secret to her winning recipe : "  Instead of putting in the noodles , you put in really thinly sliced zucchini . It tastes really good . Some people told me that you can barely tell . " Amber 's mother , Yohko , was "  thrilled " about her daughter 's win and the visit to the White House . "  She 's kind of been dedicating herself to healthy cooking for a while now , and this is the big crescendo at the end , " she said . After lunch , recipe winners were treated to a performance by 15-year-old singer Rachel Crow before getting a tour of the White House kitchen garden . A complete list of winners and their recipes can be found here .	President makes surprise appearance at lunch for healthy eating contest winners Obama made the rounds of the room , greeting young guests and their parents Healthy Lunchtime Challenge is recipe contest and part of first lady 's Let 's Move campaign Tuesday 's menu featured many of the winning recipes
CNN  -- Missouri Gov. Jay Nixon has appointed Capt. Ron Johnson of the Missouri State Highway Patrol , a black man , to take over the security on the ground in Ferguson . The President has issued a call for calm in the wake of a weekend police shooting that left teenager Michael Brown dead . Hopefully we will not see a repeat of the chaos of Wednesday night , when protesters clashed with police . At this point , we ought to be thinking about what the best outcome for the citizens of Ferguson and the family of Michael Brown will be . Monday night I was at a reception for civil rights icon Rep. John Lewis where he spoke eloquently about the importance of voting . Anyone in the black community who says voting is a waste of time because "  they do n't care about us " should take a good , hard look at Ferguson , Missouri . Almost 68 % of its citizens are black and just under 30 % are white . Five of six city council members are white , the mayor is white , the chief of police is white , and its police force has 50 whites and three blacks .  By the way , has anyone seen any black police officers in Ferguson ? To me the miracle of Ferguson is that the citizens have had the courage to stand up to a power structure that generally does not include them . They are finding the resilience to fight against their oppression , as they appear to have been living in a police state for a very long time . A Missouri Attorney General report on racial profiling last year showed that there were 611 searches in Ferguson : 562 of blacks ; 47 of whites ; one of a Hispanic ; and one of a Native American . Although whites represent almost 30 % of the population , they represent less than 10 % of those stopped , according to the report . Many people may think those statistics do n't look unusual because they genuinely believe blacks are more likely to commit crimes and should be stopped and searched more frequently . But consider that in instances where contraband was found , a higher percentage of whites  34 %  who were stopped had contraband when compared with blacks  22 %  . Against this backdrop , the citizen protest Wednesday night over Brown 's death , in the face of a militarized response , was courageous . Why ? Because the police in Ferguson are clearly out of control . They have tear-gassed and reportedly shot rubber bullets at demonstrators . They have arrested two reporters -- one of whom works for the Washington Post and was wearing his press credentials around his neck at the time , the other from the Huffington Post . They have pointed high-powered rifles at unarmed citizens in front of cameras ; they have refused to identify themselves when making arrests ; and they have refused to identify or arrest the police officer who killed Michael Brown . The chief of police says he wo n't release the name because of fears for that officer 's safety . Now that he is in charge , perhaps Johnson will have confidence in his ability to not only guarantee the safety of the police officer , but also the safety of all the citizens of Ferguson . Witnesses say Michael Brown had his hands in the air when he was shot repeatedly by the police officer . The medical examiner 's report will put any speculation to rest ; Michael Brown 's body will speak from the grave . But what will his legacy be for Ferguson , Missouri , and the nation ? Elected officials do n't have to care about black citizens as long as they do n't fear them at the ballot box . Every member of the city council who has sat by silently while citizens were treated like second-class citizens should be voted out of office ; Michael Brown 's death must result in one of the largest voter registration drives in the history of the state of Missouri . That would be a lasting legacy for such a senseless and untimely death .	Dorothy Brown : Missouri Gov. Nixon appointed highway patrol chief to take over in Ferguson She says lesson of Michael Brown case : underrepresented black citizens must vote Most Ferguson citizens are black , but power structure dominated by whites , she says Brown : Police out of control ; young man is dead . Citizens should respond at ballot box
CNN  -- Earlier this month Apple released its annual supplier responsibility report which detailed alleged workplace health and safety protocol violations by its suppliers . One of its chief suppliers , Foxconn , has been at the center of a storm in recent months after workers at some of its plants in China staged strikes and even threatened mass suicide to win better working conditions . Who is Foxconn ? Foxconn is part of Taiwan-based Hon Hai Precision Industry Co. , one of the world 's largest suppliers of components for the electronics industry . Much of its manufacturing division is based in mainland China , where it assembles a range of products including Apple 's iPhone and iPad , Amazon 's Kindle and Microsoft 's Xbox . With 1.2 million employees in China alone , production takes place at more than 12 factories across the country , including the giant Longhua plant in the southern city of Shenzhen -- the company 's biggest manufacturing facility , and employer of almost half of its Chinese workforce . Foxconn produces an estimated 40 % of the world 's consumer electronics . Who does it do business with ? Foxconn makes everything from motherboards and gaming consoles to MP3 players and smartphones for some of the world 's biggest electronics brands , including Dell , Sony and Hewlett-Packard . However Apple is its prized partnership . The company has seen phenomenal sales growth in mainland China in particular and opened Asia 's largest Apple Store in Shanghai in September . The company announced in July that its revenue from the Greater China region , which includes Hong Kong and Taiwan , reached $ 8.8 billion for the first three quarters of the fiscal year , a more than six-fold increase over the same period a year earlier . Last week , analysts at investment bank Morgan Stanley predicted the U.S. tech giant could sell 40 million iPhone handsets in China alone in 2013 when it agrees to deals with more Chinese telecom providers . This compares to the 68.5 million iPhones Apple sold worldwide in 2011 . What is it accused of ? Though Foxconn has a reputation in the technology field for its efficiency and low overhead , critics say workers are treated like machines for low pay in an oppressive military-style environment -- employees typically eat , sleep and work at the giant complexes . "  They wake up , they have breakfast , they go to work , they work a solid shift , they come back to their dormitories and they sleep ... it 's a very dehumanizing place , and the workers are little more than machines there , " said Geoffrey Crothall of the China Labor Bulletin , a Hong-Kong based non-profit group that tries to protect workers ' rights across China . In 2010 , Foxconn raised workers ' pay twice at its factory in Shenzhen after a spate of suicides , Chinese state media reported at the time . In January , Microsoft issued a statement saying it was investigating a report that workers at a plant that manufactures the Xbox game system had threatened mass suicide in a pay dispute . Foxconn would only say that there was a protest at its Wuhan factory in Hubei province in central China and that it was over . Last year , an explosion at a Foxconn plant that produces Apple 's iPad2 killed four people and injured 18 more . Chinese officials said the blast may have been caused by combustible dust in a polishing workshop . The incident , in the southwestern city of Chengdu , followed a report by rights group Students and Scholars Against Corporate Misbehavior  SACOM  that workers at the same plant do not have adequate training in the use of chemicals and do not have regular on the job health checks . A number of workers SACOM said it spoke to when compiling the report complained of allergies being ignored by Foxconn , poor ventilation and inadequate personal protective equipment . What has it said ? Though Foxconn maintains its workers are treated well , Chairman Terry Gou made an unprecedented public apology in 2010 after the suicides . Foxconn said it had introduced counselors , started a 24-hour phone counseling service and opened a stress room where workers can take out frustration on mannequins with bats . In January the company published a statement saying it is "  committed to honoring and respecting the codes of conduct of our customers , our own policies and practices , and the laws and regulations of the jurisdictions where we do business . " Addressing specific criticisms , the company said all employees were given regular breaks , access to healthcare , a safe environment to work in and the opportunity for promotion to other technical or line management positions . The statement concluded by saying Foxconn was "  not perfect " but had made "  tremendous progress " with the positive impact its programs were having on employees . What does Apple say ? Apple CEO Tim Cook recently responded to a report in the New York Times that described the "  human cost " of building an IPad at the Foxconn plants . In an email to Apple employees , he said the company had never turned a blind eye " to the problems in its supply chain and any suggestion it does not care about the plight of workers is "  patently false . " "  We care about every worker in our worldwide supply chain " the company added in a statement issued Sunday . "  We insist that our suppliers provide safe working conditions , treat workers with dignity and respect and use environmentally responsible manufacturing processes wherever Apple products are made . Our suppliers must live up to these requirements if they want to keep doing business with Apple . " In the 2011 edition of its supplier progress report , Apple said Cook and other senior company representatives had visited Foxconn 's Shenzhen plant a year earlier to evaluate conditions there following reports of suicide attempts . Apple then commissioned an independent review by a team of suicide prevention experts . This team was asked to conduct a deeper investigation -- which included speaking with workers and site managers -- evaluate Foxconn 's response , and recommend strategies for supporting workers ' mental health in the future . According to this year 's supplier progress report , workers in Shenzhen now have access to free psychological counseling , including a 24-hour hotline , to get advice on their personal and professional concerns . Apple also pointed to the establishment of its employee assistance program  EAP  , which is focused on social-support networks and "  maintaining employee mental health . " The 2012 report also provided a list of Apple 's leading production suppliers for the first time , with each one subject to an audit of safety and the environmental conditions . It said one of the most significant improvements had been in clamping down on labor violations -- specifically the use of underage workers . The same report also responded to last year 's deadly explosion at Foxconn 's Chengdu plant , saying new requirements for handling combustible dust throughout its supply chain had been established . These included better ventilation and more comprehensive inspections at production facilities .	Foxconn is one of the world 's largest suppliers of components for the electronics industry It assembles products including Apple 's iPhone and iPad , Amazon 's Kindle and Microsoft 's Xbox With 1.2 million employees in China alone , production takes place at more than 12 factories Critics say workers are treated like machines for low pay in an oppressive environment
Charleston , West Virginia  CNN  -- Is it really safe ? West Virginia 's governor is asking federal authorities to do further study on the possible health effects caused by last month 's chemical spill near Charleston . "  It is critical this study is funded and that work begins immediately , " wrote Gov. Earl Ray Tomblin in a letter Tuesday to Dr. Tom Frieden , director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . On January 9 , the chemical -- 4-methylcyclohexane methanol , or MCHM -- was discovered leaking from a storage tank into the Elk River and from there into Charleston 's water supply . Its licorice smell alerted residents to the contamination and led to a do-not-use order for 300,000 West Virginians , some of whom could not drink or bathe in their water for more than a week . It also underscored that little is known about the health effects of the chemical , which is used to wash coal prior to market in order to reduce ash . The spill was originally estimated at about 7,500 gallons , but Freedom Industries said late last month that about 10,000 gallons of chemical had escaped . The company also told regulators that a second chemical -- a mix of polyglycol ethers , known as PPH -- was part of the leak . "  I am committed to the health and well-being of West Virginians and believe there is a pressing need to further study the potential health effects resulting from exposure to water contaminated with crude MCHM and PPH , " Tomblin said . An independent water test conducted early this month at CNN 's request found trace levels of MCHM , both in untreated river water and in tap water from two homes in Charleston . The amounts ranged from less than 0.5 parts per billion to 1.6 parts per billion -- well below the 1 part per million that the CDC has said it considers unlikely to be associated with any adverse health effects . "  We stand willing to continue to assist and will be discussing with officials there what additional toxicology and epidemiology studies may be needed , " said Laura Bellinger , a CDC spokeswoman . Dr. Rahul Gupta , the health officer and executive director of the Kanawha-Charleston and Putnam County health departments , has called for a long-term study to be carried out "  in a manner able to capture any long-term impact . " In the wake of the spill , two waves of patients sought treatment from private doctors and 10 emergency rooms in a nine-county area for non-specific symptoms such as rash , nausea , vomiting and cough , Gupta told CNN on Wednesday . The first peak -- about 250 patients -- occurred in the first three days after the spill was reported on January 9 , he said . A lull ensued during the several days of the do-not-use advisory , followed by a second peak -- about the same number -- during the first few days after the advisory was lifted on January 13 , he said . There is widespread distrust of the water , with only about 1 % of the 200 people who attended town hall meetings in late January about the matter saying they were drinking it , he said . Gupta , who has a masters degree in public health , acknowledged that his findings were "  non-scientific " and that he did not know what the baseline incidence would be of patients appearing at an ER with such symptoms , but said the anecdotes point to the need for further studies . "  Those two peaks are undeniable , " he said . "  Perhaps there is something going on here . " Gupta said the water in his own house continues to smell of licorice , and that he avoids drinking tap water , though he would not be opposed to doing so . "  The question becomes , is a pregnant mom going to drink it ? Should developing brains of children be drinking it ? " The CDC has expressed similar concerns . "  Due to limited availability of data , and out of an abundance of caution , pregnant women may wish to consider an alternative drinking water source until the chemical is at non-detectable levels in the water distribution system , " it said in a paper dated February 5 . "  For mothers with babies , there is no research that suggests consuming water with these low levels of MCHM poses any health risk to their baby . However , if you have any concerns , please consult your doctor . " But the West Virginia Poison Center said in a posting on February 10 that some symptoms , such as nausea and headaches , may not indicate that the chemicals were harmful . "  These symptoms are not due to toxic effects but are a body 's physical and real response to unusual smells/tastes , " it said , adding that the poison center received calls from more than 1,900 patients reporting chemical exposures related to the drinking water in the days after the spill was reported . "  Most reported symptoms included mild rashes and reddened skin from dermal exposure , or GI distress  nausea , vomiting and/or diarrhea  from ingesting contaminated water . The symptoms tended to be mild and self-limiting . " It urged that anyone with continuing symptoms be evaluated for other medical conditions , and noted that viral gastroenteritis , influenza , the common cold and other infections are all common at this time of year . A spokeswoman for West Virginia American Water Co. said the company was continuing to flush the system to get rid of pockets of licorice smell that remain . "  For us , it 's not over until we resolve the odor issue , " said Maureen Duffy . Dr. Tanja Popovic , the director of the CDC 's National Center for Environmental Health , told reporters on February 5 that repeated testing had shown the water to be acceptable for all uses . "  What I can say is that with all the scientific evidence that we have , with everything that numerous people have worked on so far , I can say that you can use your water however you like , " Popovic said . "  You can drink it , you can bathe in it , you can use it how you like . " Tomblin said then that tests had shown levels of less than 10 parts per billion or too low to detect , and that he and his staff had been drinking the water "  for the last couple of weeks . " But when asked whether he could declare it "  100 % safe , " he said , "  No . " "  The only thing that we can rely upon is what the experts tell us , and , you know , for all the tests done that 's who we 've got to depend upon , " Tomblin said . A federal grand jury is probing the spill at Freedom Industries , sources familiar with the grand jury 's activities have told CNN . CNN 's Elizabeth Cohen and John Bonifield reported from Charleston , Tom Watkins reported and wrote from Atlanta , Stephanie Gallman and Matt Smith contributed to this report .	"  Perhaps there is something going on here , " says county health officer "  We stand willing to continue to assist , " says CDC spokeswoman A chemical spill last month led to continuing concerns about the safety of water "  It is critical this study is funded and that work begins immediately , " Gov. Tomblin says
CNN  -- Roger Federer fended off an audacious comeback by Jo-Wilfried Tsonga to win the ATP World Tour Finals for a record sixth time in London Sunday . A pumped up Federer wrapped up a 6-3 7-6 6-3 victory over Tsonga in his 100th career final to end 2011 on a conspicuous high note . Consecutive titles in Basel , Paris , where he also beat Tsonga in the final , and at the season-ending championships have seen the Swiss maestro reclaim the No. 3 spot in the world from Britain 's Andy Murray . But he had to withstand a mid-match onslaught from his French opponent , who broke Federer as he served for the match at a set and 5-4 to the good . Tsonga also saved a match point in the second set tiebreaker before leveling at one set all . But as in the first set , Federer broke Tsonga again in the eighth game of the decider and made no mistake when he served for the championship for the second time . "  I could n't be more happy my season ends this way . I 'm exhausted , Jo sapped every last energy out of me today , " Federer said . His triumph lifted the Swiss maestro out of a tie with Ivan Lendl and Pete Sampras for titles at the ATP 's end-of-season finale . It was his 70th career crown . It will also compensate for failing to add to his 16 grand slam crowns this season as Novak Djokovic , who failed to make it out of the round robin group stages in London , dominated with three . Rafael Nadal , who beat Federer in the final to win the French Open title , was also eliminated at that stage as he lost to Tsonga in a deciding match . Earlier , third seeds Max Mirnyi and Daniel Nestor beat the Polish pair Mariusz Fyrstenberg and Marcin Matkowski 7-5 6-3 to win the ATP World Tour Finals doubles title .	Roger Federer wins ATP World Tour Finals at O2 Arena in London Federer beats Jo-Wilfried Tsonga of France in his 100th career final Record sixth win in season-ending finals for the Swiss star Max Mirnyi and Daniel Nestor win doubles title
CNN  -- It was a "  million to one odds " that the Olympic women 's triathlon race would end in a photo finish , but the outcome is again in doubt following Sweden 's decision to appeal the result in sport 's last-resort court . The Swedish Olympic Committee  NOC  has appealed to the Court of Arbitration for Sport following its failure to have Lisa Norden awarded the gold medal following last Saturday 's event . Switzerland 's Nicola Spirig was adjudged to have crossed the line first after both women finished in one hour 59.43 seconds and was awarded victory despite protests from the Swedes . Both the NOC and the Swedish Triathlon Federation failed to have the decision overturned after filing an official complaint to the International Triathlon Union  ITU  . Norden 's fate now rests in the hands of the CAS , which will make a decision on Saturday in London . The ITU told CNN it could not comment on the case until after the verdict . Brownlee brothers take triathlon by storm It was time an Olympic triathlon has been settled in such a manner , and former Australian triathlete Bridie O'Donnell was astonished by the close finish . "  It was a million to one odds , " she told CNN . "  Perhaps it 's a bit remiss of coaches not to work on the finishing styles of their athletes as one of the girls dipped her head and the other went with her chest . "  I just think that nobody ever expected such a close finish because you would expect after two hours of competition that there would be a bigger gap . I 've never seen anything like it in all my time of watching triathlon . " O'Donnell said that Saturday 's decision will have a huge impact on the winner . "  It 's a shame that it has gone to CAS because the race has gone and the medal ceremony can not be brought back , but you can not underestimate how much that gold medal means because it can change somebody 's life , " she said . "  To normal people watching they just think about the race and some people will say that they should get on with it . "  But that gold could mean â ‚ ¬ 100,000  $ 123,000  to somebody and that 's why the Swedish team are possibly appealing . I 'm sure the Swiss would have done the same if it had been the other way around . " Now based in Colorado , O'Donnell has taken time out of her medical career to compete on the Pro-cycling circuit . A qualified doctor and a seven-time national rowing champion , she has competed in several triathlons and Ironman competitions . "  I love triathlon and I thought that the Olympic race was gripping , " O'Donnell said . "  I was watching it with a lot of people who were n't fans of triathlon and now they absolutely love it . "  I hope that the attention the sport is receiving will now help get people into it because it was really a wonderful spectacle . "	Photo finish in Olympic women 's triathlon race was "  a million to one odds " Swedish Olympic and triathlon bodies take their appeal to sports court International Triathlon Union had rejected earlier protests against last weekend 's result Former triathlete says Saturday 's decision "  could mean â ‚ ¬ 100,000 to somebody "
It 's a fact : Elwood was ugly . And he was loved . Now , he 's gone . Karen Quigley told CNN on Saturday that Elwood , her Chinese Crested and Chihuahua mix that shot to national prominence after winning the World 's Ugliest Dog Contest in 2007 , had died . "  The best part was he did not suffer , he was in my arms and with me , " Quigley said from her home in Sewell , New Jersey , 15 miles east of Philadelphia . "  I could n't be more proud that people who have n't met him loved him ... I could n't be more proud . " Elwood was a mere 2-years-old -- barely a teenager in dog years -- when people outside southern Jersey first saw his distinctive mug . As Quigley explained in 2007 , "  He just does n't have any teeth on the left side of his mouth , so there 's nothing to keep his tongue in there . It never goes in . It 's out all the time . " Asked by CNN how people tended to react upon seeing him , his owner said they 're typically "  stunned ... Sometimes they 're not even sure if it 's a dog . " Not that Elwood minded . "  He 's very confident in his looks , " Quigley said . "  He thinks he 's very handsome . " The judges at the World 's Ugliest Dog Contest -- an annual event held at the Sonoma-Marin Fair in Petaluma , California -- apparently did not agree . His looks landed him the title , as well as fans from Brazil to Germany and beyond . Not that it changed him , with Quigley saying his life 's lesson is that "  you do n't have to be perfect to be special . " "  For a little dog he touched a lot of lives in his short time , " she said Saturday . "  He did a lot of things . " On Thanksgiving morning , after 8 years "  filled with love and devotion , " Elwood died . Quigley said she did n't know his cause of death , only that he had recently fallen ill . She added , "  He was a big part of my life , and my heart . "	Elwood was a Chinese Crested and Chihuahua mix from southern New Jersey He won the World 's Ugliest Dog Contest in 2007 , became a celebrity of sorts Elwood dies in his owner 's arms ; "  he was a big part of my life , " she says
CNN  -- A United Nations representative has condemned sexual violence in the Ivory Coast as the White House met with leaders urging the nation 's incumbent leader Laurent Gbagbo to give up power . "  Following reports of rapes in Cote d'Ivoire , I condemn in the strongest possible terms the employment of sexual violence as a means to political ends , " said Margot Wallstrom , a special U.N. representative on sexual violence in conflict . "  From preliminary information , it seems that the assaults follow carefully selected political targeting , " she said in a statement Wednesday . The United Nations and the international community have pressured Gbagbo to leave office , saying that Alassane Ouattara fairly won a contentious November election . On Wednesday , the White House hosted leaders from the Economic Community of West African States  ECOWAS  to discuss the crisis in the country . The West African delegation met with Tom Donilon , the national security adviser . "  Mr. Donilon expressed strong support for the efforts of ECOWAS to facilitate a peaceful transition of power in Cote D'Ivoire , " the White House said in a statement . "  Mr. Donilon and the ECOWAS delegation reaffirmed their shared commitment to see that the winner of the recent elections , Alassane Ouattara , takes his rightful role as President of Cote d'Ivoire , and their shared resolve to see former President Laurent Gbagbo cede power , " the statement said . Cote d'Ivoire is the French name for Ivory Coast , a former French colony . Human Rights Watch has accused Gbagbo of carrying out a "  reign of terror " against his people . "  Security forces under the control of Laurent Gbagbo and militias that support him have , since late November 2010 , committed extrajudicial killings , forced disappearances , torture and rape , " the organization said in a news release . "  An in-depth investigation into violations in the commercial capital , Abidjan , revealed an often-organized campaign of violence targeting members of opposition political parties , ethnic groups from northern Cote d'Ivoire , Muslims and immigrants from neighboring West African countries , " Human Rights Watch said . Wallstrom urged investigations of sexual violence allegations and for perpetrators to be brought to justice . "  The security situation for women and girls unfortunately has deteriorated in the western parts of the country , " since last year , she said . "  I call for urgent steps to be taken to avert the risk of increased sexual violence and to ensure the protection of civilians , especially women and girls , " Wallstrom said . "  I would also like to recall that the Security Council last December reiterated their readiness to consider patterns of sexual violence when imposing sanctions against parties . "	Special representative on sexual violence warns of rapes used as ` political targeting ' White House meets with leaders from West African nations Human Rights Campaign accuses Ivory Coast President Laurent Gbagbo of ` reign of terror '
Editor 's note : Sarah Hughes won the gold medal in figure skating at the 2002 Winter Olympics in Salt Lake City , Utah , and is a graduate of Yale University . Medalist Sarah Hughes says the Games are about excellence and unity . CNN  -- What are the first thoughts that pop into your mind when you hear the word Olympics ? Probably something synonymous with excellence , greatness , excitement , achievement . Maybe it 's the striking image of Nadia Comaneci scoring a perfect 10 etched in your mind , or the experience of following Michael Phelps ' quest to win a record-breaking eight gold medals last summer in Beijing , China . Or is it the thrill of watching the 1980 U.S. Olympic hockey team winning the gold medal in Lake Placid , stacked up against unimaginable odds , that occupies that space ? I could go on and on , but whatever image the Olympics has for you is probably accompanied by a feeling of pride , happiness , joyfulness , maybe even a childlike glee . Sometimes it 's the simple way you can sum up your response to the question -- and perhaps that 's the point of asking the question -- but it would be foolish to ignore other aspects of the Games that contribute to making the event happen . Although the presence of public officials at host-city bids shows the International Olympic Committee that they are behind the bid and will be supportive , such appearances are not required . On Friday , President Obama , a Chicago , Illinois , resident for many years , will arrive in Copenhagen , Denmark  his wife is already there  , to support and try to persuade the IOC voters in favor of the 2016 Chicago bid . Obama 's visit to Copenhagen will make him the first U.S. president to attend an Olympic host-city vote . His visit will not be the first by a president  or prime minister  whose country went on to win a bid for the Games . British Prime Minister Tony Blair and his wife were in Singapore lobbying IOC members for the 2012 Summer Games host-city vote when London was awarded the event . Two years later , Russian President Vladimir Putin went to the host-city vote in Guatemala when Sochi , a relatively unknown city , won the right to host the 2014 Winter Games . The other 2016 contenders vying for votes from the 100-plus eligible members of the IOC are Madrid , Spain ; Rio de Janeiro , Brazil ; and Tokyo , Japan . Michelle Obama , a lifelong Chicagoan enthusiastically championing the U.S. bid , is displaying her "  Olympic spirit . " On Monday , the eve of her visit to Copenhagen , she spoke of being ready to woo each voter individually if need be : "  Gloves are off . I 'm talking to everybody . That 's what my schedule looks like . " Sounding like an Olympic competitor already herself , she added that she did n't "  think there 's one person left off . " It is easy to come to the conclusion that I might be biased , having won a gold medal in figure skating at the 2002 Salt Lake City Games , but I was an American and a fan long before those Games , and I will be one long after . The memories , unity and patriotism from the Salt Lake Games was n't about any one particular thing but about all those little "  things " coming together : the result of what the participants -- the fans , volunteers , competitors , coaches , moms , dads , sisters , brothers , cities and nations -- created by sharing the best we have to offer with one another . That 's what the Olympics are about . They are about greatness , they are about excellence , but above all , the Games are about unity . In a September 10 letter to IOC members , Obama wrote about how he "  sees the 2016 Olympic and Paralympic Games as an extraordinary opportunity for America to renew our bonds of friendship and welcome the world to our shores with open arms . " And on Friday , when Obama arrives in Copenhagen , he will be joined by Brazilian President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva , newly appointed Japanese Prime Minister Yukio Hatoyama and King Juan Carlos of Spain . Let the Games begin . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Sarah Hughes .	Sarah Hughes : Obama is among other world leaders who have sought Olympics She says Games are about excellence and unity in support of U.S. teams She says Michelle Obama is showing she shares the Olympic spirit
CNN  -- Shots were fired this week near the U.S. border with Mexico , with a U.S. official saying they came from a Mexican law enforcement helicopter , something that a Mexican official denies . The Mexican helicopter crossed into Arizona and fired two shots near U.S. border agents , a U.S. law enforcement official said Friday . No one returned fire , and the helicopter returned to Mexico . No one was hurt in the incident , which happened about 6 a.m. local time Thursday about 100 yards into U.S. territory , the official said on condition of anonymity . A separate official , U.S. Border Patrol spokeswoman Vivian McLoughlin , confirmed the helicopter crossed into U.S. territory , saying it happened at 5:45 a.m. Thursday . She did not provide further details . Tomas Zeron , director of the Mexican attorney general 's investigative office , offered a different story Friday . While acknowledging Mexican authorities were conducting an operation "  on the border , " Zeron said , "  I do not think we crossed the border because we brought our navigation . But it was just 100 meters from the border . " He said helicopters from the attorney general 's office and defense ministry "  were shot at by criminals , " several of whom were later apprehended by Mexican authorities . "  The only ones doing the shooting were those that we have now detained , " Zeron said . The first U.S. source said that Mexican authorities have called U.S. authorities and acknowledged a mistake , saying shots were fired from the helicopter after it accidentally crossed the border . But Zeron gave no indication that any mistake was made or apology was necessary , suggesting that Mexican authorities did nothing wrong . Mexico condemns Border Patrol 's lethal force against migrant Mexican authorities said Thursday 's drug smuggling and trafficking operation culminated in the rescue of 39 migrants , detention of four people and securing of a ranch on the U.S. border . This is n't the first case of the two allies having issues along their shared border . Some of these have to do with efforts to corral the drug or weapons trade , with the latter being especially significant in Mexico given fears that such arms could end up in the hands of powerful drug cartels . Citing a response he said came from the Department of Homeland Security , Rep. Duncan Hunter said earlier this month that there have been some 300 documented incursions by Mexican military and law enforcement authorities since 2004 . "  While the number of unauthorized incursions by Mexican authorities is relatively few , it is imperative for our officer safety to handle each situation assertively but with sensitivity and professionalism , " DHS said in a response to Duncan 's request , according to the Republican congressman from California . CNN 's Esprit Smith and Rafael Romo contributed to this report .	NEW : A Mexican official says he does n't think Mexican helicopters crossed into the U.S. NEW : Mexican authorities did n't fire any shots , but "  criminals " were shooting , he adds A U.S. official had said a Mexican helicopter crossed about 100 yards into Arizona Two shots were fired near U.S. border agents , but no one was hurt , the official adds
A proposed new route through Nebraska for the controversial Keystone XL pipeline will require six to nine months of review under the normal process conducted by state and federal officials , a Nebraska official said Thursday . Mike Linder , director of the Nebraska Department of Environmental Quality , told CNN that the proposal from TransCanada will undergo a public comment period followed by final revisions by the company before his agency does its full assessment . Noting the delay in the project over the route alteration , Linder said : "  We 're still saying six to nine months . " TransCanada , the company proposing the pipeline from Canada 's oil sands production in northern Alberta to the U.S. Gulf Coast , is seeking approval for a new route east of the initially proposed route , which went over an environmentally sensitive aquifer . A State Department official told CNN on Thursday that the Obama administration has not received a new permit application for the proposed alternate route for the northern portion of the pipeline . When the department receives an application , the next step would be to coordinate with Nebraska and other states along the route as they assess the proposal , the official said on background . Linder , a Republican who is a political appointee , said it is up to TransCanada to submit a permit application to the State Department . The 1,700-mile pipeline , intended to carry between 500,000 and 700,000 barrels of crude oil a day , has become a political lightning rod in the United States . Last year , the Obama administration postponed a decision on the pipeline until 2013 , citing concerns raised by Nebraska officials and environmental groups about the original route near the vital Ogallala Aquifer , which provides drinking water for much of Nebraska and is important for the state 's agricultural economy . Environmentalists fear a burst in the pipeline would allow oil to seep into the massive water table . Republicans accused President Barack Obama of putting off the issue until after the November election to avoid angering his environmental allies . They forced the addition of a provision to speed up approval of the project in the December debt ceiling agreement despite warnings by Obama that the 60-day timeline for a decision would guarantee rejection . In February , the State Department -- which has authority over international pipeline projects -- rejected the proposal on grounds that there was no alternative route to examine . TransCanada said then it would submit a new proposal for the route through Nebraska . Supporters , including the oil industry , say the pipeline would create jobs and reduce the country 's dependence on oil imported from volatile regions . "  The stars are aligning for America 's energy future and President Obama should make the right choice now and approve the entire Keystone XL pipeline , " said Jack Gerard , president and CEO of the American Petroleum Institute , the main oil industry organization . "  The president 's concerns about the sensitive Sand Hills area of Nebraska have been addressed . There are no more excuses . Mr. President , let 's get this energy and job-creating project started now . " Opponents , including environmentalists , say that the pipeline might leak and that it would lock the United States into a particularly dirty form of crude oil that might ultimately end up being exported anyway . Under the timeline provided by Linder , hearings for public comment will be held and TransCanada will then consider that feedback to determine the specifics of the proposed alternate route . "  We will have a significant amount of time for public comment , " Linder said . " ... They 'll refine the route they really want to focus on as a preferred route and then do a more in-depth analysis on the ground of the actual route . " Once TransCanada submits that final proposal to his department , it should take 30 to 60 days for the review to be completed and a draft supplemental impact statement prepared , he said . Regarding the State Department 's role , Linder said the situation is unique because under normal circumstances , TransCanada would have an application pending . However , the initial application was rejected , so the company must file a new one . Republican leaders are pressuring Obama and Democrats to speed approval of the pipeline . "  With this new route submitted and the state of Nebraska acting to move forward , the president is running out of excuses for blocking the Keystone pipeline any longer , " House Speaker John Boehner , R-Ohio , told CNN on Wednesday , noting that a "  veto-proof majority " in the House of Representatives supports the project . The House on Wednesday approved a Republican bill that aims to fast-track the Keystone project as part of another 90-day extension of federal transportation funding . The 293-127 vote allows Boehner to begin negotiations with Senate Democrats over a longer-term funding measure for road , rail and bridge projects . Obama announced in March that he would approve the southern portion of the pipeline , which runs from Cushing , Oklahoma -- a key repository of U.S. oil -- to the Gulf . He had said he was always in favor of permitting that portion , even when he blocked the full project . Currently , there are not enough pipelines to take the oil being produced in Canada and North Dakota to refineries and terminals on the Gulf . That means Midwest refineries can pay lower prices to get it . Giving the Canadian oil easier access to the Gulf means the glut in the Midwest goes away , making it more expensive for the region , but it would increase the amount of that oil available to global markets .	A Nebraska official says reviewing a pipeline route usually takes six to nine months TransCanada submits an alternate route for the Keystone oil pipeline through Nebraska The pipeline has become a political lightning rod Republicans accuse President Obama of delaying the pipeline for political reasons
CNN  -- The mother of Thalia , an internationally known Latin American singer and actress , has died , Thalia posted Friday on her Twitter account . "  Today , half of my soul has died , " Thalia said about the death of her mother , Yolanda Miranda Mange . "  I feel that I 'm dying slowly . ... Thanks for your prayers for my warrior , for my mother . " Thalia Sodi , 39 , is a widely popular performer in Mexico and throughout the Americas . Her mother 's death occurred just two weeks before she is to give birth to her second child and one day before Thalia 's sister , Ernestina , is to marry Mauricio Camps , Mexico 's state-run Notimex news agency said . CNN 's Michael Martinez contributed to this report .	Thalia is a popular singer and actress The death of her mother was posted on Thalia 's Twitter account Thalia has performed widely in Latin America and elsewhere
London  CNN  -- British police have arrested a couple on suspicion of holding three "  extremely traumatized " women captive for more than 30 years , Scotland Yard announced Thursday . One of the women -- a 30-year-old Briton -- "  appears to have been in servitude for her entire life , " Metropolitan Police Detective Inspector Kevin Hyland said . She and the other two women , a 57-year-old from Ireland and a 69-year-old from Malaysia , have been taken to a place of safety and are being cared for by a charity , police said . The man and woman arrested are both 67 , police said . They were taken into custody at their home in the south London borough of Lambeth and were being held as part of an investigation into slavery and domestic servitude , police said . Their names were not released , and police said only that they are not British nationals . They were later released on bail . Hyland said it was an unprecedented case for the Met 's Human Trafficking Unit . "  We 've seen some cases where people have been held for up to 10 years , but we 've never seen anything of this magnitude before , " he said . Police said they 'd been alerted in October to the situation by Freedom Charity , which got a phone call from a woman saying "  she had been held against her will in a house in London for more than 30 years . " Freedom Charity spokeswoman Aneeta Prem said the organization had taken "  immediate action " to plan a rescue after learning of the women 's situation . "  Facilitating their escape was achieved using utmost sensitivity and secrecy and with the safety of the women as our primary concern , " she said , describing the work of those involved as "  outstanding . " A television documentary on forced marriages relating to the work of Freedom Charity prompted one of the victims to call for help . CNN 's Max Foster said police had told him that the women had been released in October after sensitive negotiations by the charity . The charity had worked to gain their trust and coax them out of the house , communicating through prearranged phone calls . "  Over time they built up that trust , the police gathered outside the house and then they had the confidence to leave the house , " Foster said . "  It seems to have taken place in a suburban area of south London , in an ordinary street . " News of the couple 's arrest first spread on Twitter . I 'm a modern-day slave in America Hyland praised the actions of Freedom Charity and said police were working with the organization to support the victims . "  They are extremely traumatized , which explains the discrepancy between when the Freedom Charity were contacted and the arrests were made , " he said . "  It would be wrong of us to move at a pace that would further traumatize any victims . " The women had "  some controlled freedom " during their captivity , Hyland said . Investigators have seen no evidence of sexual abuse , he said . "  We 're very early in the investigation . We 're not investigating offenses of a sexual nature . There have n't been any arrests of a sexual nature , so that 's the circumstances at the moment . " Slavery 's last stronghold UK Special Envoy for Human Trafficking Anthony Steen told CNN he was not surprised by the case as there were likely to be many cases of domestic slavery in the country . "  We do n't know the number but we know it 's pretty huge . Domestics are hidden away , " he said . "  The difference between slavery when it was manifest in America -- as it was in England -- was that you could see it everywhere , " Steen said . "  Since then having abolished it , it 's grown , it 's got bigger and bigger -- in fact they say it 's between 10 and 20 times the size it was in the 1800s . " Steen said the largest number of people involved in slavery in Britain were in brothels , and that group was followed by men held against their will in debt bondage . Freedom Project : Ending slavery CNN 's Max Foster in London contributed to this report .	NEW : The accused man and woman , both 67 , are released on bail Women were freed in October through the efforts of Freedom Charity Arrests came after a woman told the charity she had been held against her will for 30 years
CNN  -- Florida prosecutors have asked a judge to tighten conditions or revoke bond for Marissa Alexander , who faces a second trial for firing a gun to scare off her allegedly abusive husband . The Jacksonville woman was sentenced to 20 years in prison despite arguing before trial that her actions were justifiable under Florida 's controversial "  stand your ground " self-defense law . She was released on $ 150,000 bond in November after an appellate court struck down her 2012 conviction . In court papers filed Monday , prosecutors argued that Alexander "  repeatedly flouted " the limits of her bond by running errands , taking shopping trips and taking relatives to the airport . Under the terms of her release , Alexander was only allowed to leave her home for medical emergencies , court appearances and other pretrial functions , they argued . In a scathing response , Alexander 's lawyers wrote Tuesday that each trip had been approved by the sheriff 's official supervising her release . "  Obviously , including those omitted facts would expose the frivolity of the state 's motion , " they wrote . Alexander 's case had drawn the attention of civil rights leaders , who say nobody was hurt and the sentence for the mother of three was too harsh . Alexander said she was attempting to flee her husband on August 1 , 2010 , when she picked up a handgun and fired a shot into a wall . She said her husband had read cell phone text messages that she had written to her ex-husband , got angry and tried to strangle her . State Attorney Angela Corey had said the case deserved to be prosecuted because Alexander fired in the direction of a room where children were standing . Corey had said she offered Alexander a plea bargain that would have resulted in a three-year prison sentence -- but Alexander chose to take her chances at trial , where a conviction would bring an enhanced sentence for the use of a firearm . ` Stand Your Ground ' laws up to states , not Obama or Congress	Prosecutors say Marissa Alexander ` repeatedly flouted ' bond by leaving home Her lawyers say she had approval for every trip Alexander faces a new trial on charges she fired a gun to scare off her husband in a dispute She had unsuccessfully invoked Florida 's controversial ` stand your ground ' law
United Nations  CNN  -- President Barack Obama will address the U.N. General Assembly on Wednesday as world leaders continue to lay down their achievements and goals in the effort to decrease world poverty . The American president will be among those addressing the Millennium Development Goals , an ambitious agenda world leaders set 10 years ago to tackle global poverty , which has grown amid the world economic recession . Others are addressing biodiversity . Speakers on Wednesday focused on a wide range of policies and issues , such as family planning and health care . Jose Manuel Barroso , president of the European Commission , said , "  Our ability to end poverty and hunger and improve child and maternal health depends upon the long-term availability of fresh water , food , medicine , and raw materials that nature provides . " Francois Bozize , president of the Central African Republic , said the country is taking steps at dealing with impoverishment and other issues , such as infrastructure and life expectancy . But he acknowledged that the challenges his nation faces are great . "  Poverty rates in our country continue to be alarming , " he said . Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon said a rescue package similar to that introduced after the global financial crisis is needed to block the worldwide loss of biodiversity . On Thursday , Obama will be among the world leaders speaking at the U.N. General Assembly 's annual general debate , where he will address a wide range of issues . Obama will seek to project the image of a nation taking the lead , highlighting the benefits of renewed U.S. leadership on foreign policy , from reviving the world economy to pushing tough new sanctions on Iran and North Korea through the U.N. Security Council , to renewed momentum on nuclear disarmament and rejoining the U.N. Human Rights Council . His administration also hopes to rally continued support this week for Haiti 's reconstruction after the earthquake and to help Pakistan recover from devastating floods . There is no shortage of diplomatic hot spots for Obama and Secretary of State Hillary Clinton to review with world leaders on the sidelines of the U.N. debate , starting with the Middle East peace process and the war in Afghanistan . With less than a week before the deadline for a moratorium on Israeli settlement construction to expire , Clinton is hoping to get some momentum on peace talks between Israelis and Palestinians . Regarding Afghanistan , as the Taliban continues to gain traction throughout the country , the administration wants to consult with allies about the road ahead as it gears up for its own policy review this December . This week , Obama also will participate in a high-level meeting on Sudan , to help boost U.N. efforts to oversee a referendum on independence for southern Sudan , a step that risks reigniting the decades-long civil war . The United States has stepped up efforts in recent weeks to help mediate between Sudan 's rival factions in the hope of securing a peaceful vote . Iran also looms large , as it seems to each year . The nuclear standoff between Iran and the West is a common theme during every modern-day U.N. General Assembly . Last year , Iran was a main topic when leaders from Security Council nations gathered to talk nuclear disarmament , and the United States disclosed the discovery of a secret nuclear facility at Qom just days after world leaders gathered in New York . This year , Obama is expected to use his speech to argue that is it not the United States but the whole international community that has problems with Iran . He will stress the door to engagement with Iran is still open . Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad is also attending the U.N. General Assembly this week and his appearance in New York has met with street protests . On Tuesday , Ahmadinejad blamed capitalism for the world 's woes during the anti-poverty conference . He is scheduled to appear on CNN 's "  Larry King Live " on Wednesday night and to address the General Assembly on Thursday . Iranian-Americans plan to stage a rally Thursday that condemns his presence at the United Nations and protests the Iranian regime , which many critics revile for what they say are its anti-democratic policies . CNN Senior State Department Producer Elise Labott contributed to this report .	Leaders are discussing Millennium Development Goals this week Multiple issues will be discussed on the sidelines of the meeting Obama set to speak Wednesday and Thursday
AOL Autos  -- Tough times call for tough measures . Nowhere is this truer than in Detroit 's auto industry . News of General Motors -- once America 's largest commercial enterprise -- possibly going out of business or eliminating divisions sends shudders through Wall Street and cities where GM employees work . But what about current owners of GM vehicles ? What does this news mean to them ? To find out , AOL Autos pushed aside the crisis mentality of the moment to take a clear-headed look at the situation . Our editorial team closely follows the business side of General Motors and is aware that GM will take definitive action regarding four vehicle divisions : Pontiac , HUMMER , Saab , and Saturn . Pontiac For Pontiac fans , the good news is that Pontiac will not go the way of Desoto , Oakland , Merkur , Edsel , and Plymouth . Sources at GM officially state that Pontiac is secure , thanks to the reorganization started a decade ago that combined most Pontiac dealerships with Buick and GMC Truck outlets . This consolidation enables Pontiac to remain a brand that will mostly focus on sporty offerings . The narrow product range is made possible because Buick specializes in mainstream sedans , while GMC covers SUVs , crossovers and trucks , giving Buick/Pontiac/GMC dealers a full-line portfolio . While we hope for a new Pontiac Firebird to be revealed now that the Chevrolet Camaro is about to go on sale , the reality is different at Pontiac . Their next new vehicle will be the tiny , fuel-efficient G3 , a re-badged Chevy Aveo that is itself an Americanized version of a Dewoo built in Korea . So while Pontiac 's future is not in question , whether it will stay true to its performance heritage is . HUMMER Launched during the time in America when drivers clamored for the biggest and baddest vehicles on the planet , GM figured that the HUMMER craze would last forever . Especially unfortunate for business owners who invested millions in stylish , stand-alone HUMMER dealerships in expensive locations , the craze crashed quickly . According to John McDonald from GM Communications , the fate of HUMMER is uncertain . Come March 31 , GM will decide whether to sell HUMMER or phase the brand out . The Detroit rumor mill is curiously still regarding potential HUMMER suitors . The global nature of the economic downturn seems to have squashed overtures from Indian , Chinese , and Russian buyers . Regardless of which path GM takes , owners of existing HUMMERs can rest assured that their vehicles will continue to be covered under warranty , and that parts will remain available through other GM brand dealerships for years . General Motors has experience shedding divisions and shut down the Oldsmobile brand in 2001 . Plenty of Oldsmobiles are still on the road today , and continue to receive service through GM dealers and the independent aftermarket industry . Likewise , when Ford bid auf wiedersehen to their German Merkur brand or when Chrysler furled the sails on Plymouth , owners of these vehicles were n't suddenly cast adrift . Service and parts remain available for these brands today . Given this historical fact , HUMMER owners have little to fear . Saab General Motors acquired Saab when American car companies thought that snapping up prestigious European brands would be good for business . Chrysler bought Lamborghini . Ford snapped up Jaguar , Land Rover , Volvo , and Aston Martin . GM satisfied itself with Saab . Unfortunately , these decisions proved financially disastrous for the Americans . None of the European brands became usefully profitable , and the majority continued to hemorrhage cubic dollars right through the time when every nameplate but Volvo and Saab was sold with terrific losses . In 1990 , when GM initially invested in Saab , the thinking was that GM could help improve Saab 's quality and overall refinement , while the Swedish brand would add some luster to GM 's generally dull product portfolio . The plan worked to an extent , but the sales of the improved Saabs never grew large enough to create a positive dollar return for GM . Now , because of GM 's lack of cash , the corporation ca n't continue to support the Saab franchise . At the moment , Saab is reorganizing to become a separate , independent business entity . The concept is something like a management buy out , and the Swedish government may provide some of the funding to finance Saab 's breakaway from General Motors . Regardless of how the company engineers its independence , Saab is likely to continue to maintain a presence in the U.S. . This should assuage fears of GM-era Saab owners that their warranties will be invalidated and that parts will suddenly become unavailable . It is standard industry practice for customer service issues to be fully addressed during corporate transitions because keeping current owners happy is the easiest way to ensure future purchases . In the worst-case scenario where Saab reorganizes and exits the U.S. market , experience indicates that an independent service and parts network will quickly surface to meet the needs of abandoned Saab owners . For instance , if one knows where to look , parts for Rovers , Peugeots , Alfa Romeos , and Fiats can be acquired in America with little difficulty . Saturn In the beginning , Saturn was supposed to be a different kind of car sold by a different kind of car company . For a few years in the early 1990s , Saturn fulfilled this promise . Unfortunately , Saturn 's parent  GM  proceeded to neglect its offspring 's new-product portfolio and Saturn cars became uncompetitive . The brand floundered . Resuscitation came recently as the vehicles in Saturn showrooms went from outdated to outstanding seemingly overnight . Even though Saturn 's product line is once again healthy , GM and Saturn will change their relationship in several years . General Motor 's plan for Saturn is different from its other troubled nameplates . Saturn , and its strong , high-quality dealer network , is slated to become a sales distribution channel that is separate from General Motors . GM 's John McDonald explains , "  Right now , Saturn sells re-engineered versions of vehicles produced by GM divisions worldwide . The Saturn Vue and Astra are from GM 's German Opel division . The Saturn Outlook and Sky are produced domestically by GM . " Specifically , the Vue and Astra are versions of the Opel Antera and Opel Astra . The Outlook is a version of GM 's full-size crossover family that includes the GMC Acadia , Buick Enclave , and Chevrolet Traverse , while the Sky is a rebodied Pontiac Solstice . In other words , Saturn does n't now produce anything . They sell what others produce for them . McDonald continues , "  Saturn will continue to distribute vehicles , but the new Saturn organization will have the autonomy to source their new models from any manufacturer . GM will continue to provide products to Saturn through their expected life cycle that runs through the 2011 model year . What comes after that is an unknown right now . " In follow-up questions , McDonald hinted that Saturn could procure vehicles from non-GM affiliates in China or India if those manufacturers offered vehicles that fit Saturn 's needs . Should GM owners be worried ? According to most automotive industry watchers and professional economists , it 's highly unlikely that the government will allow General Motors to disappear . According to GM 's McDonald , regardless of which path GM takes toward survival , none would remove GM 's commitment to provide warranty coverage and service for their owners , regardless of brand . Owners of Pontiacs , HUMMERs , Saabs , and Saturns can relax . The best deals AOL Auto 's contributor Gary Hoffman recently completed a story on the best March deals . We asked Gary if he had any strategies for finding the absolute best deals regarding these four GM brands . "  Create your own personal auction . If you are going after one of these brands , use the same approach that you would use in good times , except your results will be better . Arm yourself with the invoice pricing , the features you want , and start out by visiting at least three or four dealerships . Get one good offer , and take it to three or four more and see if anyone can beat it . If you are n't satisfied , head out to three or four more . " Gary adds , "  Do n't be afraid to call your early dealerships back with your best deal and ask them if you can beat it . You will soon find the rock-bottom price for your vehicle . " A keen observer of the industry , Gary says , "  The phenomenally good deals available right now cut across all brands , not just those that are at risk of disappearing . I do n't think GM has found the perfect incentives formula for moving iron off dealership lots in this environment . " Gary hints that better deals could come , but more lucrative incentives are unlikely because of substantial internal roadblocks for GM to offer negative-percentage rates or rebates equaling 25-percent of the price of the vehicle . Dealers borrow money to finance their stock of vehicles , and the cost related to these vehicles is referred to as "  floor plan . " "  When a customer makes a purchase during times like these , the purchase may actually save the dealer money , " says Gary . "  If you do n't buy the vehicle , that dealer has the lot , the dealer will continue losing money on that vehicle every day it sits . You 're actually solving a problem for the dealer by purchasing a vehicle . " What the future holds for Detroit Most manufacturers interviewed by AOL expect demand to pick up late this summer . GM 's McDonald says , "  We believe that an annual sales volume of about 12.5 million vehicles just accounts for vehicle replacements , and the market sales rate is well below that today . Adding to this unrealized demand , about two million vehicles are scrapped every year , and the pool of U.S. licensed drivers grows by another two million . " McDonald and his counterparts at Volvo and Toyota/Lexus believe that because of the credit crunch , most would-be new-car buyers have postponed purchases for at least six months . The compounding of these individual decisions is causing a dramatic increase in pent-up demand for new vehicles . As credit eases and Americans are able to finance major purchases such as new cars and trucks , GM anticipates a huge upside . General Motors now produces more high-quality vehicles at competitive prices than ever before , so the company is poised for a comeback ... even if it is without HUMMER or Saab .	With GM facing economic troubles , some car owners may be worried HUMMERS will continue under warranty , parts available at other dealers Saab is reorganizing to become a separate , independent business entity Sources at GM officially state that Pontiac is secure
CNN  -- Who will fire the next salvo in the ongoing friendly feud between TV host Conan O'Brien and Next Media Animation , the Taiwan-based animation studio known for its sarcastic CGI re-enactments of American news ? It all started in November when Next Media marked O'Brien 's debut on cable channel TBS with an animated clip poking fun at his awkward exit from NBC earlier this year .  TBS is owned by Time Warner , which also owns CNN . This was nothing unusual , as Next Media already had produced videos spoofing Apple 's iPhone 4 antenna problems and JetBlue 's escapee flight attendant Steven Slater . But this time O'Brien responded with a tongue-in-cheek parody of Next Media Animation , complete with exaggerated characters and cheesy visuals . It did n't stop there . Within 48 hours , Next Media Animation answered the comedian 's response with another , more elaborate and very funny video alleging that "  Conan 's cheap knock-off " was produced by an oppressed gang of American child laborers who once worked for Michael Jackson at his Neverland Ranch . Last week on his show , the comedian said Team Coco would fire off another rebuttal , but it would take a while because his program only has one animator . "  We want to respond , " he said . Online video "  feuds " are popular nowadays , and like the Conan/Next Media back-and-forth , they 're generally in good fun . In November , the British tabloid The Sun lampooned the popular Old Spice Guy ads to promote its barely clad Page 3 girls . In one video , a topless Page 3 model does a play-by-play parody of Isaiah Mustafa 's Old Spice shower ad , with her long red tresses and other props covering any naughty bits . What 's unique about O'Brien is that he 's using an old medium , TV , to engage a new medium , YouTube . It gives more credibility to a web-based company like Next Media Animation and makes late-night television seem more timely and urgent . Expect more cross-medium smackdowns in the future . Your move , Coco .	Next Media Animation parodies Conan O'Brien 's return to television with an animated video O'Brien answers with his own animation spoof , so Next Media mocks his show again O'Brien says he 'll fire back , but only has one animator
CNN  -- Sri Lanka , the teardrop-shaped island that in 2009 emerged from more than a quarter century of civil war , has staked claim as one of Asia 's most exciting new destinations . With the beaches of Negombo and Galle on the West Coast and World Heritage-listed ancient cities , Sri Lanka is experiencing a tourism boom . As the country 's tourism offerings have grown more sophisticated , so have its hotels . Here are a selection of the best . Reefs Edge It 's only 20 minutes from the capital Colombo , but stand on the balcony of Reefs Edge and you 'll feel like you 're on a deserted island . The view of the Indian Ocean is obstructed only by palm trees , affording guests front-row seats to blood red and beautiful sunsets . A velvet green lawn runs 20 meters from the hotel to the beach , where sun beds and wicker domes beckon layabouts and drinkers of cocktails . Though it has only 22 suites , Reefs Edge has the look and feel of a large hotel . Inside , French oak flooring , pastel-colored furniture and open-air bathrooms decked out with rain showers and glass washbasins creating an aura of simple sophistication . Complete with a day spa , gymnasium , steam room , seafood restaurant and a separate 250-seat banquet hall shaped like Noah 's Ark , Reefs Edge takes the edge off a vacation in Sri Lanka . Reefs Edge , 300 Old Colombo Road , Uswetakeiyawa , Sri Lanka ; +94  0  11 789 1111 ; double standard room with breakfast $ 100 per night St. Lachlan Twenty minutes north of Reefs Edge , Negombo is Sri Lanka 's most popular beachside town , thanks to its proximity to the international airport . Located in a quiet alleyway perpendicular to the main drag , the St. Lachlan is a boutique property with 16 rooms and suites . The interior speaks colonial cool : it has 10-foot-high doors with giant brass knockers , richly varnished shutters and teak furniture everywhere you look , with antlers and indigenous artwork accentuating the walls . A riot of giant freshwater prawns , snapper and spices , the seafood platter at Arias , St. Lachlan 's poolside restaurant , is among the best in Negombo . Little wonder -- it 's run by Harpo Gooneratne , commonly known as Sri Lanka 's first DJ and popular restaurateur . St. Lachlan , 25 St. Anthony 's Lane , Poruthtota Road , Negombo ; +94  0  31 227 5000 ; standard room $ 115 per night Heritance Tea Factory Take Willy Wonka 's Chocolate Factory and replace the chocolate with tea . Now convert it into a luxury hotel . The result is the Heritance Tea Factory , a resplendent four-star hotel set at 2,000 meters above sea level in the rolling green tea-growing region of Sri Lanka 's southern highlands . Latticed with green and red metal and brass , the hotel 's museum-like lobby is wallpapered with historic photographs . It 's centered around an atrium that houses the factory 's original steam engine . Every evening , this mechanical colossus with its giant gears and camel-hair conveyer belt is turned on for 30 minutes . The 54 rooms are carpeted and cozy , while the staff , attired in crisp white shirts , bow ties and bell hats , personify the sophistication of the British colonial period . Heritance Tea Factory , Kandapola Nuwara Eliya , Sri Lanka ; +94  0  52 555 5000 ; double superior room with full board $ 300 per night Jetwing Vil Uyana Like something out of Luke Skywalker 's Tatooine , Sigiriya Rock Fortress is an ancient palace set atop a 200-meter-high natural stone column . At the rock 's base lie a series of pools and cisterns . They 're interlinked by an underground conduit network that works as well today as it did when it was built 1,500 years ago . Matching its sophistication is Vil Uyana , a luxurious ecolodge set in a wetland a 15-minute drive from Sigiriya . Vil Uyana 's 30 chalets feature teak floors , palm-thatch ceilings , Balinese bathrooms and woven reed wall hangings . Edging a mauve green lake brimming with birdlife , the swimming pool and lobby lead to a colonial-chic restaurant upstairs bookended by six-meter-high stone walls that are a nod to Sigiriya 's ancient architects . Jetwing Vil Uyana , Sigiriya , Sri Lanka ; +94  0  66 492 3585 ; double Garden Dwelling $ 524 per night Palagama Beach In 2008 , while visiting his father 's family in Colombo , British advertising executive John Balmond snuck off for the weekend to the Kalpitiya Peninsula a two-hour drive to the north . He stayed in a banana-leaf bungalow , one of three accommodation properties on the lush , palm-fringed finger of land that divides the Puttalam Lagoon from the Indian Ocean . Today there are 42 properties on the peninsula , including Palagama Beach , owned by Balmond and designed by Cecil Balmond  designer of London Olympics Orbit  . Set on a grassy parcel of land on the beach , the property features 14 generously spaced cabanas and villas that blend modern amenities , luxury touches and village style . Other highlights include an infinity-edged pool , a restaurant and a banana-leaf bar/moonlight cinema . Palagama Beach , Norocholai , Kalpitiya Peninsula , Sri Lanka ; +94  0  777 186 176 ; beach cabanas with breakfast from $ 220 per night Pledge3 Sri Lanka 's most sophisticated hotel is Pledge3 , a five-star oasis of luxury and retro style in busy Negombo . Every corner of this boutique hotel screams cutting edge design . The 12 suites are spread across two floors surrounding an internal flagstone courtyard . The third floor is home to two apartment-size attic suites featuring executive work stations , private terraces and glass-encased bathrooms outfitted with his and her washbasins , egg-shaped bathtubs and presidential toilet bowls  whatever that means  . The courtyard leads to an open-air restaurant where the decor -- cherry red support beams and white leather couches -- is as eccentric as the Japanese-Sri Lankan-Mediterranean fusion menu . Beyond it lies a tropical garden centered by a saltwater pool where attendants with the reflexes of Wimbledon ball boys attend to guests ' every beck and call . Pledge3 , 3 Kattuwa Road , Negombo , Sri Lanka ; +94  0  31 222 4005 ; deluxe double suite with breakfast $ 305 , or $ 405 for an attic suite per night	Sri Lanka 's tourism boom results in a rise of sophisticated hotels Run by Sri Lanka 's first DJ and popular restauranteur , St. Lachlan 's poolside restaurant is one of the best in Negombo Heritance Tea Factory 's museum-like lobby is centered around an atrium that houses the factory 's original steam engine
Seoul , South Korea  CNN  -- Police in South Korea have detained a man suspected of abducting a 7-year-old girl from her home and raping her , local police officials said Friday . The parents of the girl realized she was missing at 7 a.m. Thursday and looked for her before reporting it to the police half an hour later in Naju , a city in the southwestern province of South Jeolla , said Kim Il-kyu , head of the criminal investigation department in Naju . The city 's police officers called for backup and 160 personnel from nearby police stations joined the search for the girl , he said . The girl was found at 12:55 p.m. Thursday on a sidewalk near a river in the city , according to Kim . She was naked , wrapped in a blanket and showed signs of having been raped , he said . She underwent an operation for organ damage , Kim added . According to the police , the girl had been sleeping in the living room of her home with her mother and three siblings . She told officers she was taken by a man she did n't know . She was due to be questioned by a social worker on Friday . Body fluid samples have been taken to the Criminal Investigation Laboratory , according to Kim . The police detained a suspect on Friday and took him to the police station in Naju for questioning , said two police officers with knowledge of the case who declined to be identified because they were not authorized to speak publicly on the matter . As public outrage over the case grew , President Lee Myung-bak made an unscheduled visit to the National Police Agency in Seoul on Friday . According to CNN affiliate YTN , Lee apologized for the authorities ' failure to prevent the attack from taking place . "  The general public is extremely concerned about the lack of public order , " he said . "  The police should make every effort to restore public order . " South Koreans responded with anger on social media to news reports about the case . "  The offender should get the highest punishment possible , " a person using the name Yeonbang1996 said on Twitter . Others called specifically for the attacker to be castrated . A law authorizing the use of chemical castration , a drug treatment intended to suppress sexual impulses , on some sex offenders came into effect in South Korea last year . People over the age of 19 who have sexually offended against children under the age of 16 and are diagnosed with pedophilia can be subject to the treatment , according to the Justice Ministry . Journalist Yoonjung Seo contributed to this report .	The girl is taken from her home while her family is sleeping , the police say She is later found near a river and shows signs of having been raped A suspect has been detained , police officials say The South Korean president calls on the police to restore public order
The Obama administration plans to seek more than $ 6 billion from Congress to fight Ebola , an official told CNN Wednesday , hours after the World Health Organization said an outbreak of the deadly virus had claimed more than 4,800 lives . Here 's a look at those developments , and other steps in worldwide efforts to combat Ebola , based on CNN "  s reporting : New funding to fight deadly virus ? U.S. President Barack Obama 's administration wants Congress to provide more than $ 6 billion in "  emergency funding " to fight Ebola , an Office of Management and Budget official said . That includes $ 4.5 billion for immediate response and $ 1.5 billion for a contingency fund , the official said . The goal ? "  To strengthen our domestic public health systems , contain and mitigate the outbreak in West Africa , speed efforts to obtain and test vaccines and therapeutics , and further reduce risks to Americans by helping vulnerable countries enhance their capacity to prevent disease outbreaks , detect them early , and swiftly respond before they become epidemics that threaten our national security , " the official said . "  These activities are critical to combat the spread of Ebola and reduce the potential for future outbreaks of infectious diseases that could follow a similarly devastating , costly , and destabilizing trajectory , " the official said . Global Ebola case numbers grow The World Health Organization 's latest report on the worldwide Ebola response says there have been 13,042 confirmed , probable and suspected cases of Ebola and 4,818 reported deaths . The number of weekly probable and suspected cases appears to be on the decline nationwide in Liberia , though the death toll there increased by 248 , the WHO said in the report , released Wednesday . In Sierra Leone , the weekly incidence continues to rise , the WHO said . As of November 2 , 546 health care workers are known to be infected with Ebola and 310 have died , according to WHO . Spanish nurse 's assistant leaves hospital A Spanish nurse 's assistant who left the hospital Wednesday after beating Ebola said she was still weak but gave thanks to God and the health workers who cared for her that she was still alive . Looking frail but happy , Teresa Romero Ramos was greeted by cheers as she spoke to journalists , with her husband , Javier Limon . Romero , who described her recovery as a miracle from God , said she was ready to do whatever she could to help others infected with Ebola . New York doctor 's condition improving Dr. Craig Spencer , the doctor who returned to the United States from Guinea and tested positive for Ebola , "  continues to show improvement and is stable , " New York City health officials said Wednesday . A person who had been under quarantine due to contact with Spencer will now be subject to direct active monitoring , according to a joint release from the NYC Department of Health and the NYC Health and Hospitals Corporation . "  This person 's daily movements in New York City will no longer be restricted , and the individual will be assessed twice each day by Health Department staff , " officials said . Dallas nurse 's contacts cleared The contacts of nurse Amber Vinson , one of the Dallas nurses infected with Ebola , are clear of the deadly virus , health officials said . "  All 163 contacts that we were monitoring have been cleared , " the Ohio Department of Health said on Twitter . Vinson was discharged last week from Atlanta 's Emory University Hospital after she was declared free of the disease . Obama speaks with staff of U.S. military-built hospital in Monrovia A 25-bed hospital built by the U.S. military in LIberia 's capital will open its doors later this week . On Wednesday , Obama spoke with members of the U.S. Public Health Service Commission Corps , who are staffing the hospital . He praised the team of 71 officers selected , the White House said , and reminded them that "  through their service , we will bring this epidemic under control at the source , the only way to prevent additional cases of Ebola domestically . "	Official : Obama seeks $ 4.5 billion for current response and $ 1.5 billion for contingency fund The World Health Organization says more than 4,800 Ebola deaths have been reported A Spanish nurse 's assistant leaves the hospital after beating Ebola In New York , Dr. Craig Spencer "  continues to show improvement , " officials say
CNN  -- Argentine authorities raided sites across the country Wednesday as part of what they called a nationwide slavery ring crackdown . Hundreds of agents swarmed more than 70 locations in 10 provinces , rescuing more than 200 Colombians who had been working in subhuman conditions , officials said . Authorities detained 23 people accused of recruiting victims into the human-trafficking scheme that investigators say brought Colombians to Argentina and then forced them to work to pay off their travel debts . "  We are looking at a case of slave labor , but in the modern concept of the term , " said Carlos Sanchez , Argentina 's director general of social security . "  They are not in chains , " he said , according to a government statement . But Sanchez said the workers were subjugated and manipulated psychologically to participate in the criminal organization and work in subhuman conditions . In Cordoba province , the raids focused on furniture-making workshops in working-class neighborhoods , the state-run Telam news agency reported . The investigation , which lasted more than two years , started when a victim spoke with an Argentine customs agent about the trafficking ring , officials said . Authorities at Cordoba 's international airport also followed leads when they observed the arrival of groups of young Colombians without luggage or money . A year ago , dozens of Catholic bishops from throughout South America said human trafficking had seen "  alarming growth " in the region . Sixty bishops from Argentina , Brazil , Paraguay and Uruguay called the practice "  a shameful and outrageous reality " and pledged to do more to fight it . "  We warn of the existence of organized mafias , " the bishops said , "  that use smaller networks that are present in nearly all of our cities and towns . " Those accused of human trafficking in Argentina face possible prison sentences of between four and 14 years , if convicted , federal officials said Wednesday . CNN 's Jose Manuel Rodriguez contributed to this report from Buenos Aires .	NEW : 23 people have been arrested for alleged connections to a trafficking ring Forces conduct raids in more than 70 locations in 10 provinces across Argentina Officials say they rescued more than 200 Colombians working in subhuman conditions In one province , raids target furniture-making workshops
CNN  -- Formula One team Red Bull have held clear the air talks after the collision between drivers Mark Webber and Sebastian Vettel that cost them a chance of victory at the Turkish Grand Prix . Australian Webber was leading in Istanbul when second-placed Vettel attempted to overtake on lap 40 of 58 but the cars collided , costing both valuable points . Vettel span off the track and was forced to retire while Webber recovered to finish third after spending time in the pits . After the race , both blamed each other . Red Bull bosses called a clear the air meeting at their base in the UK on Thursday and emerged to insist the matter was now closed . A statement on their official Web site read : "  It was a positive meeting , which draws a line under the incident that happened on lap 40 of the Turkish Grand Prix . The team are now fully focused on next week 's Canadian Grand Prix . " Both drivers also expressed their regret at the incident . Webber , who still leads the drivers ' championship by five points , said : "  It 's a shame for the team , as we lost a good opportunity to win the race . It 's sport and these things can happen , but it should n't have done . "  I feel for everyone at Red Bull , at the factory and everyone involved . Seb and I will make sure it does n't happen again and will continue to work openly together , no problem . We have talked enough on it now , it 's done , we 're looking ahead and I 'm focused on the race in Canada next week . " Webber 's teammate Vettel , who is currently fifth in the standings , added : "  The team had got us into a great position and it was n't good for them what happened -- so I 'm sorry for them that we lost the lead of the race . "  Mark and I are racers and we were racing . We are professionals and it wo n't change how we will work together going forward . We have a great team and the spirit is very strong . I 'm looking forward to Canada . " The next race is in Canada on June 13 .	Red Bull clear the air after collision between Mark Webber and Sebastian Vettel Webber was leading Turkish GP when his teammate tried to overtake Both drivers blamed each other after the race in Turkey
Conservatives are expressing shock and outrage that the Obama administration knew that many people in the individual insurance market would not be able to keep their plans once the Affordable Care Act took effect . Such shock is not surprising ; overblown outrage is the stock and trade of conservative politics these days . But here 's what conservatives wo n't tell you , lest it undermine their theatrics : Many insurance plans are shutting down because they do n't meet the higher bar of quality benefits required under Obamacare , and of those people who lose access to their plans , many will pay less and all will have better and more comprehensive options . Also , with a few exceptions , no one is really noting that this point is n't quite news . In 2010 , the fact that certain insurance plans would not be grandfathered into Obamacare because of their inadequate coverage was widely covered by the press . It was a given , after all that , if standards for health insurance were going to be raised in America -- a good thing -- then some plans that do n't meet the bar would no longer be available . One could blame this on the Affordable Care Act , or alternatively , one could blame this on insurance companies for providing such substandard care in the first place . Here 's what this boils down to : Will some people lose their current insurance ? Yes . Will these same folks lose health insurance coverage ? No . They will all have access to better plans and in many cases pay less because of expanded options and tax credits . This whole kerfuffle ignores that insurance plans were changing all the time and premiums were skyrocketing pre-Obamacare . Suddenly , a whole range of bad behavior on the part of insurance companies is blamed on the Affordable Care Act . It 's just like employers trying to shaft their workers by cutting hours and benefits and blaming it on the Affordable Care Act , even though employer mandate provisions do n't take effect for another year . Trying to blame Obamacare for every problem in the private insurance market is paradoxical : The whole reason for passing the Affordable Care Act was to fix what 's broken with private insurance If we as a nation object to the inherent and deeper flaws within the private health insurance system in America , then we should embrace a single-payer system . But instead , because conservatives were so wed to propping up the private insurance market , we got Obamacare . It 's disingenuous to turn around and point fingers at Obamacare for faults that have always been -- and will always be -- pervasive in private health insurance . The Affordable Care Act prevents some of the worst abuses of the private insurance market and makes coverage overall more inclusive and affordable . It does n't fundamentally alter the private market equation -- and incentives to cut corners and care . I know Republicans love their manufactured outrage , as much as they loved it back in September 2010 , when Republican Sen. Mike Enzi cited the same 40 % to 67 % numbers for those expected to lose plans that NBC now reports as "  new news . " But the fact remains that about 80 % of Americans get their health insurance either from their employers or from a program like Medicare , and that wo n't change at all under the Affordable Care Act . Millions more are uninsured and will be thrilled to have access to affordable insurance at subsidized rates . This saves us all money , because the cost of their emergency room care is n't offloaded onto the rest of us in rising premiums . What we 're focused on now is the small sliver of Americans who , like myself , get insurance through the individual market . Some of us will see our current plans disappear , but all of us will see our plans upgraded -- with many becoming more affordable . When it comes to President Obama and his policies , conservatives have a steady supply of manufactured shock . But improving the quality and affordability of health insurance for all Americans and providing real facts along the way , that 's an important accomplishment .	Sally Kohn : Conservatives feign shock that White House knew some plans would be canceled Kohn : It 's because they do n't meet Obamacare 's higher bar of quality benefits If you lose your plan , she says , you 'll have access to better and often cheaper plans Kohn : Most get insurance from jobs ; millions who do n't will get affordable plans
CNN  -- The less-than-confrontational comments coming from new Iranian President Hassan Rouhani are not what the West is used to hearing from that country 's office in recent years . Rouhani , a cleric and moderate politician elected in June , has signaled his desire for better engagement with the West , most recently in a Thursday Washington Post op-ed , in which he called for an end to "  the unhealthy rivalries and interferences that fuel violence and drive us apart . " Coming a week before he 's to attend the U.N. General Assembly in New York , Rouhani 's op-ed called for nations to work together on contentious issues such as Iran 's nuclear program . And he offered to broker efforts to bring peace to Syria , a long-time Iranian ally torn by civil war . Given Iran 's closeness to Syria 's government , it seems unlikely rebels would consider Rouhani an independent broker . But Rouhani 's tone is far less fiery than that of his predecessor , Mahmoud Ahmadinejad . And Rouhani 's promise of more positive engagement with the world during his election campaign appeared to propel him to victory . Rouhani , 65 , enjoyed reformist backing and took more than 50 % of the vote . Three of the six candidates were much more conservative , and the Iranian public viewed Rouhani as a mild alternative . But how just how conciliatory is Rouhani ? Hassan Rouhani is Iran 's next president Hawk or dove ? Rouhani has a reputation for avoiding extreme positions and bridging differences , but he is no pushover . He has a long history of service in the country 's defense establishment . He is a former commander of the Iranian air defenses , is a leader on three war and defense councils , and was national security adviser to the president for 13 years before Ahmadinejad took office . Rouhani is also a diplomatic and legal intellectual . He has three law degrees , including a doctorate from a university in Scotland , and as president of Iran 's strategic research center , he regularly publishes essays . He has served as managing editor for three quarterlies on scientific and strategic research , and foreign policy . He was also Iran 's chief nuclear negotiator from 2003 to 2005 during the presidency of Mohammad Khatami , who later became one of the leading figures in Iran 's rebellious "  Green Movement , " which erupted into street protests after the re-election of Ahmadinejad in 2009 . Ahmadinejad 's government violently quashed the protests with the help of elements of a unit of the Revolutionary Guard , which answers to Ayatollah Ali Khamenei , Iran 's supreme leader . Rouhani has expressed support for the Green Movement . "  These were protests that were natural and popular , " he has said . "  They should have been addressed . " After Green supporters chanted for him at a rally , security forces arrested members of his campaign . Relationship with Khamenei Rouhani 's relationship with Khamenei has the potential to be complex . He represented the supreme leader on Iran 's security council for many years . But Rouhani has purportedly also suggested Khamenei is too rigid toward the international community , said Abbas Milani , who runs a research program on Iran at Stanford University . In a book about his experience as Iran 's nuclear negotiator during Khatami 's presidency , Rouhani criticizes Ayatollah Khamenei , according to Milani . "  If you read in between the lines , he places a lot of blame on Khamenei , " Milani says . "  He says in his book that if it was up to him , he and his team would have come up with a solution that would not lead up to Iran 's case being deferred to the U.N. -- saying ` we could have done this , and some people in Iran and some in the West torpedoed it . " A televised presidential debate turned into an animated political clash and touched on Iran 's nuclear program . Exchanges grew so heated that the candidates were later accused of having revealed national secrets during the debate . Rouhani was warned that he could be barred from running in the elections because of confidential material he revealed about Iran 's nuclear program during the two-hour-long debate . It was n't his first testy moment with Iran 's state-run media . He has openly accused it of censorship and publishing lies . Many believe Rouhani was not Khamenei 's favorite candidate . But Khamenei has said he is not playing favorites and would not let on whom he voted for . And Khamenei and his Guardian Council had to approve all candidates before the race began . Out of 680 who applied to run , only eight were allowed to do so . Two later dropped out . Ultimately , the supreme leader approved Rouhani 's candidacy after rejecting the candidacy of a former president , Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani . Rafsanjani endorsed Rouhani during his campaign . Rouhani is a senior cleric and still is a member of the Assembly of Experts , which is responsible for appointing or removing the supreme leader . As Khamenei ages and the appointment of a successor becomes necessary , Rouhani will likely have influence on the choice . CNN 's Reza Sayah , Azadeh Ansari , Tara Kangarlou , Mitra Mobasherat , Laura Smith-Spark and Greg Botelho contributed to this report	Hassan Rouhani holds a doctorate from a university in Scotland He had a long career in Iran 's defense establishment A senior cleric , he was Iran 's chief nuclear negotiator and writes on diplomacy He has made comments in support of Iran 's rebellious Green Movement
March 5 , 2015 There 's a lot of content for civics , social studies and history teachers today . Our first story centers on the trial that 's begun for an accused Boston Marathon terrorist , and we examine the status of the death penalty in the U.S. From there , we take a look at the role of millennials in today 's workforce , and we explore what could be the wreck of a World War II-era Japanese warship . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript and a place for you to request to be on the CNN Student News Roll Call . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show . ROLL CALL For a chance to be mentioned on the next CNN Student News , comment on the bottom of this page with your school name , mascot , city and state . We will be selecting schools from the comments of the previous show . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call ! Thank you for using CNN Student News !	This page includes the show Transcript Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary At the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on CNN Student News . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call .
CNN  -- Steve Jobs , who resigned as CEO of the world 's largest tech company late Wednesday , is often identified as the singular face of Apple -- the man who is the energy and creative spirit behind the company . But Apple is much more than just Steve Jobs . Jobs himself has said so in the past . "  Apple is an incredibly collaborative company , " Jobs said in an onstage interview at a tech conference last year . "  We 're organized like a startup . We 're the biggest startup on the planet . " Not everyone buys this argument , of course , and Apple stocks fell 5 % in after-hours trading on Wednesday after his resignation was announced in a letter . Jobs has been elected as Apple 's chairman , but some observers question how much he will be able to contribute due to health reasons . The 56-year-old went on a medical leave of absence earlier this year , his third time as CEO . At the AllThingsD tech event last year , Jobs boasted that Apple 's corporate structure does n't include committees , which is a common practice among big business for distributing the responsibility for strategy among key executives . A different person leads each hardware , software and business division , he said . "  Teamwork is dependent on trusting the other folks to come through with their part without watching them all the time , " Jobs said at the time . "  We 're great at figuring out how to divide things up into these great teams that we have and all work on the same thing , touch bases frequently and bring it all together into a product . " Furthermore , Apple has a succession plan in place . Tim Cook , the operations wizard who is replacing Jobs as CEO , already has proven himself an adept manager . Cook filled in as interim CEO during Jobs ' three medical leaves . Jobs announced his most recent absence in January , and Cook has taken over his duties since then . Apple has set business performance records during every quarter this year . In his resignation letter , Jobs wrote that he strongly recommended Cook 's appointment . "  I believe Apple 's brightest and most innovative days are ahead of it , " Jobs wrote . "  And I look forward to watching and contributing to its success in a new role . " "  Steve 's extraordinary vision and leadership saved Apple and guided it to its position as the world 's most innovative and valuable technology company , " Art Levinson , an Apple board member , said in a statement , adding that the board "  has complete confidence that Tim is the right person to be our next CEO . " The CEO of any company has an important role , but Apple is structured in a way where it 's less so , according to Jobs . Jobs ' influence touches practically all facets of the company , analysts say . In the onstage interview , Jobs described his role as having to meet with the various units and contribute ideas . But what features make it into the next iPhone or iPad is often determined by the people who are dedicated to working on their respective products , he said . "  If you want to hire great people and have them stay working for you , you have to let them make a lot of decisions , and you have to be run by ideas , not hierarchy , " Jobs said . "  The best ideas have to win , otherwise good people do n't stay . " At Apple , the good people Jobs is referring to are part of the "  top 100 , " a group that convenes regularly at off-site locations to share ideas , according to a recent Fortune article . A smaller group of executives also meets weekly to discuss the business , Jobs said . "  We all meet for three hours once a week , and we talk about everything we 're doing , " Jobs said . "  And there 's tremendous teamwork at the top of the company , which filters down to tremendous teamwork through the company . " As Jobs ' managerial presence dwindles , Apple is in no immediate danger , because his thinking has been ingrained into many of the company 's 46,600 employees , industry analyst Tim Bajarin said in a statement . Apple outlines its product plans five years in advance and "  has a deep bench of executives who know how Steve Jobs thinks , what his vision is for the next decade and are more than capable , " Bajarin wrote . Jobs and others have indicated that Apple is poised to continue producing popular products , and so most consumers wo n't notice a change , Sarah Rotman Epps , a Forrester Research analyst , said in a recent interview . "  I do n't think the average person cares what 's going on with Apple 's leader , " she said . Apple is driven by "  core values , " Jobs said last year , not by one man . "  We have the same values now , as we had then , " he said . "  We 're a little more experienced , certainly beat-up , but the core values are the same . "	Apple founder Steve Jobs says he is not the sole decision maker at Apple Jobs resigns as CEO of Apple , appointing Tim Cook who is familiar with that role Apple is organized in a way so that many people share responsibilities , Jobs says
CNN  -- Unfurl the Stars and Stripes . Crank up the Star Spangled banner . Home fans at next month 's United States Grand Prix in Texas will have an American driver to cheer on for the first time . Californian Alexander Rossi is set to drive in first practice on November 15 for the Caterham Formula One team . There has not yet been an official announcement from the team but CNN understands the 22-year-old will become the first American driver to take part in a grand prix weekend at the Circuit of the Americas . Rossi is the only American racer involved in F1 and the first to hit the track since Scott Speed in 2007 . The track outside Austin was developed and designed as the new home of the U.S. Grand Prix , which returned to the calendar in 2012 after a five year hiatus . Rossi is Caterham 's reserve driver and is currently racing for Caterham Racing in F1 's feeder GP2 Series . At this year 's Canadian Grand Prix , Rossi reacquainted himself with an F1 car by competing in first practice . Interactive : A Ferrari steering wheel Rossi told CNN at last year 's inaugural U.S. Grand Prix in Austin : "  Americans are very patriotic and they want someone to support . "  In order to entice more fans , and to allow F1 to compete with Nascar and IndyCar , there needs to be an American driver . " Speed was the last American to compete in F1 but it 's been six years since he lost his Toro Rosso seat to reigning triple world champion Sebastian Vettel . The country has produced two F1 world champions in Phil Hill  1961  and Mario Andretti  1978  . The return of the U.S. to the sport 's global calendar in 2012 was a much needed boost for F1 in North America 's motorsport hierarchy . An inaugural grand prix on the streets of New Jersey has also been included in 2014 's record breaking 22 race calendar . But the race , scheduled for June 1 , has a provisional status which means it could still be dropped from the sport 's global tour . For now , American F1 fans can look forward to seeing a homegrown racer in action at next month 's U.S. Grand Prix .	Alexander Rossi set to drive for Caterham Formula One team at U.S. Grand Prix The Californian will take part in first practice at the Austin circuit Rossi will become the first American to drive in F1 session at the track Scott Speed is the last American to race in F1 back in 2007
CNN  -- It 's fair to say that the year in music has been one filled with surprises . Justin Timberlake made his return to music last the entire year , while Eminem 's comeback with "  The Marshall Mathers LP 2 " was more impromptu . Kanye West went left with "  Yeezus " while Jay Z tried to upset the way albums are released -- only to be upstaged by his wife , Beyoncé , mere months later . And when CNN readers chose as their favorites of 2013 , there were surprises there as well . Where 2012 was dominated by artists who were carried on the strength of one song -- Carly Rae Jepsen , Gotye and Psy -- 2013 favored the more established , as well as the artists who showed that they had more than a single hit to offer . At No. 1 was Mr. "  Suit & Tie " Justin Timberlake , followed by industry "  Treasure " Bruno Mars and an enlightened Katy Perry . There were still a few artists who shone brightly thanks to a boost from a particular song -- such as Lorde with "  Royals " and Robin Thicke with "  Blurred Lines " -- but even those musicians have much more to offer beyond those undeniable hits of 2013 . Dare we say it , but could 2013 have been the year of the album ? We think it looks like CNN readers voted that way . If you missed our voting period , feel free to play along in the comments . Tell us your top 10 favorite musicians of 2013 .	This year in music was filled with surprises Justin Timberlake , Jay Z , Eminem and Beyonce creatively released new albums CNN readers seemed to vote for artists with a complete package over one-hit wonders
CNN  -- Rafael Nadal and Roger Federer continued their preparations for the first grand slam of the season with contrasting victories Friday at tournaments in Doha and Brisbane . World number one Nadal has never won the Qatar Open and stands just one match away from achieving that ambition . But he was fully extended by German qualifier Peter Gojowczyk before prevailing in three sets . Earlier , Federer dropped just two games on the Gold Coast as he dismissed Marinko Matosevic 6-1 6-1 in just 58 minutes to reach the last four . Nadal , who is the only seed left in the tournament after the shock departures of Andy Murray and David Ferrer , could have been headed that way as he dropped the opening set to Gojowczk , who had enjoyed a dream run to his first ATP Tour semifinal . But the Spaniard hit back to level in typical style and closed out the match 4-6 6-2 6-3 in just under two hours . "  The positive thing is I am in the finals the first week of the season without arriving here with big preparation , " Nadal told the official ATP Tour website . "  Without playing my best , I was able to find a solution . It 's true that I finished the match playing better than what I started , " he added . Nadal is likely to have his work cut out in Saturday 's final at the Khalifa Tennis Complex , with France 's Gael Monfils his opponent . Monfils , something of a Doha specialist and twice a losing finalist , showed his quality with a straight sets 6-3 6-2 win over Florian Mayer of Germany in a little under an hour . He has twice beaten Nadal in the same tournament and showed enough against Mayer to suggest he could repeat the hat-trick . Federer is playing in Brisbane for the first time in his glittering career and treated the crowd on the Pat Pat Rafter Arena to a tennis master class against his Australian opponent . He was briefly troubled in the opening game , facing three break points then took firm control . The top seed will next play France 's Jeremy Chardy , who beat another Australian , wildcard Sam Groth , 7-5 6-4 . The second semifinal will be between second seed Kei Nishikori of Japan and home favorite Lleyton Hewitt . Nishikori ground out a three set win over Croatia 's Marin Cili , while Hewitt continued his fine run with a straight sets dismissal of Romanian qualifier Marius Copil , 6-4 , 6-2 .	Rafael Nadal into final against Gail Monfils at Qatar Open in Doha Beats qualifier Peter Gojowczyk in three sets Top-ranked Nadal has never won the Qatar title Roger Federer makes semis in Brisbane with easy vicotyr
CNN  -- Eleven-year-old Ewelina Bledniak was looking at a year split from her parents , split from her friends , away from everything she loves about living in America . Ewelina Bledniak hopes to stay in the United States with her parents , Hubert and Agnieszka . The federal government was ready to deport Ewelina to her native Poland because when she was 3 years old , the family missed a deadline to file a key immigration document . "  I love going to school here , and my friends , I 'm going to miss them , " Ewelina said as she worried about being deported . "  I like living here . " But things are looking up . An Immigration and Customs Enforcement attorney last week asked the U.S. Immigration Court in Atlanta , Georgia , to reopen Ewelina 's case and terminate the deportation proceeding ICE had initiated . The motion asks the court to send the case back to U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services for resolution . "  They seem to be willing to find a favorable solution to this matter , " said Ewelina 's attorney , Maria Odom of Atlanta . " ... It 's good news for the child , absolutely . " Watch family , attorney discuss girl 's immigration battle " It was the first good news the Cumming , Georgia , family had received in a while . Her father , Hubert , came to the United States legally and is a naturalized U.S. citizen ; and her mother , Agnieszka  Agnes  , also arrived legally and is a legal resident . Ewelina is neither . Under a temporary amnesty program at the turn of the 21st century , illegal immigrants could seek legal status without returning to their home countries . However , a previous lawyer for the Bledniak family missed an April 2001 deadline to file the petition , the Bledniaks say . Years later , when it realized Ewelina had never achieved legal status , ICE ordered her to return to Poland to apply for legal U.S. residency through the U.S. Embassy there . That process could have taken a year , Odom said . The government gave Ewelina until July 23 to leave the country voluntarily ; after that date , she would be deported and ineligible to return to the United States for 10 years , Odom said . The family has booked a July 20 flight to Warsaw , Poland , where the parents planned to stay for a few weeks before leaving the girl with her maternal grandmother while the immigration process played out . "  The feeling of waking up and just being in Poland , it 's going to be , like , confusing , " the soft-spoken sixth-grader said before getting the good news . "  And , like , both of my parents are n't going to be there , and my friends . ... There 's nothing that 's going to be the same . " Records show baby Ewelina was brought into the United States illegally in the summer of 2000 , a few months after her mother arrived on a visitor visa . Hubert Bledniak arrived in the U.S. in the early '90s and became a citizen in 2006 , Odom said . The couple married in the United States in 2001 , Odom said . The law requires immigrants in Ewelina 's situation to return to their home countries , even if it means separating children from their parents , Odom said . "  This is very typical of a lot of family immigration cases , and it creates a lot of family separation , " Odom said . "  It sends children to countries that they do n't know anymore . It separates mothers and fathers that often have to go back to the home countries to legalize . " The case has received attention in the mainstream media and the blogosphere , putting pressure on the federal government to relent . A U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services representative told CNN on Friday that the agency would have no comment on the case until it is resolved . Ewelina speaks English and Polish , but fears she does n't speak Polish well enough to thrive in school in Poland . "  I 'm more comfortable speaking English , " she said . Hubert Bledniak , who owns a tile business , questioned the morality of the immigration policy and the emotional effect it could have on his daughter . "  I know law is law and you have to follow the rules , but I do n't think it makes sense to separate families like that , especially when she is only 11 years old and it 's going to be hard for her , " he said . "  I think she 's going through something like , you get family separation because of divorces and stuff like that , and that 's how children react , " he continued . "  And I think she 's lost and confused -LSB- because of -RSB- what 's going on with her life . " The family earlier had planned a vacation trip to Poland to visit with relatives and to give Ewelina a chance to learn about her heritage . Ironically , however , if she receives a favorable decision from CIS , Ewelina ca n't leave the United States until she gets her green card , Odom said . "  I think she 'd much rather be stuck here , " Odom said . "  I am an immigration attorney , and I see families being separated every single day because of our law , " she said . "  Our law is designed for enforcement primarily , and it really does not have family unity as a priority . And that is part of the reason why this system is so broken : because our government is not taking into consideration the human aspect of the effect of that law . " Journalist Chris Erickson contributed to this report .	Immigration enforcement agency files court motion to halt proceeding Georgia schoolgirl was due to be sent back to Poland , where she was born Ewelina Bledniak speaks perfect English ; father is U.S. citizen , mom has green card She was brought into U.S. illegally as a baby ; document foul-up kept her illegal
Big Spring , Texas  CNN  -- Desperate times call for a tall , cool glass of creativity in this patch of West Texas where water is scarce and quickly disappearing . But a plan to pump millions of new gallons of drinking water into the system has many people across West Texas holding their noses . This week construction started on a $ 13 million water-reclamation facility . That 's a fancy way of describing a treatment plant that will turn sewage wastewater into drinking water . "  That 's not something I even want to think about , " said Eunice Thixton , a Big Spring resident . "  It really does n't sound too good . " There are three major reservoirs that provide drinking water for half a million people who live around Midland , Texas . But the drought is draining those lakes and threatens to create major water shortages in the months ahead . This is an age-old problem in the dust-hardened landscape of West Texas . For decades , oil has flowed strongly out of the ground here , but the hunt for water is a more difficult game . This is where John Grant comes in . He 's the director of the Colorado River Municipal Water District , a government agency providing water for cities and towns including Odessa , Midland , Stanton , Big Spring and Snyder . Grant is essentially the salesman of the water-reclamation project . Basically he has to reassure people they 're not going to be drinking their own urine . "  I see a lot of humor in it , " Grant said . "  There was a fella over in Midland that I heard made the comment that at least he gets to drink his beer twice now . " Twelve years ago , Grant thought it was crucial to develop new sources of drinking water . Water reclamation was gaining in popularity ; the specially treated wastewater is most often used to supply water for industrial uses and watering landscapes , like golf courses . Grant says water-reclamation technology has improved greatly and will be a vital part of providing drinking water for parts of the country struggling to keep reservoirs full . The water-reclamation process involves a complex series of treatment . The water will be disinfected , de-mineralized , disinfected again and mixed with water from the reservoir and then re-treated again . "  We live in a drought-prone area . You need to look at other alternatives , and that 's the unique thing about this , " said Grant . One of the reservoirs that provide water is EV Spence near the town of Robert Lee . The lake is on the only source of drinking water for the town of 1,000 people . That lake is at less than 1 % of capacity . Deep , dried-out crevices are easily visible across the lake bottom . When full , the water in the EV Spence Reservoir can be 83 feet deep . Today , there are only splotches of water across the dried-out land . Robert Lee Mayor John Jacobs says the lake will stop providing water in the next six months . He does n't have the budget to build a water-reclamation plant , but the mayor wishes he could build one of these plants even if it does n't sit well with residents . "  I think that 'll be the coming for all of us in the desert Southwest , " Jacobs said . "  Turn the water off and see how long it takes for people to get thirsty . " The Big Spring Water Reclamation Plant will be finished by late next year . John Grant says the plant will provide 2 million gallons of new water for his sprawling district . On average , the Colorado River Municipal Water District provides 65 million gallons of water every day . But if drought conditions continue into next year , that water supply will have to be cut down to about 45 million gallons a day . There are also plans to develop two other water reclamation plants in the area , and Grant says when all three plants are finished , they could provide 20 % of the area 's drinking water . Grant has heard all the jokes such as , "  People are drinking pee . " And they get more unappealing than that one . But not only does Grant say the water will be safe to drink , he says it will actually taste better than West Texas ' notoriously bad-tasting water . "  It will actually go through three water treatment processes before it gets back into the water system , " Grant said . "  It really will be good-quality water . " Grant says he 'll be more than happy to be the first person in West Texas to pour himself a cold glass of wastewater-turned-drinking-water .	In drought-stricken West Texas , wastewater is seen by some as a vital resource Construction begins this week on a $ 13 million water-reclamation facility Despite perceptions , one small-town mayor says wastewater may be the wave of the future "  Turn the water off and see how long it takes for people to get thirsty , " he says
CNN  -- The president of Toyota said he takes full responsibility for safety issues in the company 's cars and vowed to regain the trust of customers in his first interview after appearing on Capitol Hill on Wednesday . "  It is I , the chief executive officer , the one on the very top , should be responsible for this , " Akio Toyoda told CNN 's "  Larry King Live . " "  I would like to really listen to the customers ' voices , and together with the dealership , distributor , suppliers , we need to work together , and we would like to work together and to strive for regaining the trust once again from our customers . " Toyoda appeared earlier before the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform in a hearing aimed at discovering , among other things , why the automaker was slow to respond to safety issues related to sudden acceleration . He admitted to King that the day had been difficult , "  and I am not confident to what degree our sincerity was conveyed . " Asked what his grandfather , the company founder , would say , Toyoda responded , "  He is telling me to regain the trust of those customers who are driving our vehicles . " He vowed to respond more quickly to any future problems . But he was adamant that the company 's products are roadworthy . "  I 'd like to say that Toyota vehicles are safe , " he said . Company engineers were not able to reproduce the throttle-control problems , he said , "  so , at this point in time , I would say our vehicles are safe . " Toyoda told King he is dedicated to getting back to the basics of the company in providing reliable , high-quality cars to its customers . "  Since I became a president last year in July , I have been sending the messages to all our employees to make better vehicles so that our customers would be very happy to ride our vehicles . "  And we would like to maintain this , " he said .	The president of Toyota said he takes full responsibility for safety issues Toyoda : ' I ... the one on the very top , should be responsible for this ' On hearing : ` Not confident to what degree our sincerity was conveyed '
Please , Mr. President , do n't leave me behind . That 's the gist of former U.S. subcontractor Alan Gross ' plea to President Barack Obama in a letter on the fourth anniversary of Gross ' imprisonment in a small military prison cell in Cuba . In the letter , Gross , convicted by a Cuban court of "  acts against the independence or territorial integrity of the state , " says he spends 23 hours a day in a small cell with two other inmates , is in poor health and is largely cut off from the outside world . "  With the utmost respect , Mr. President , I fear that my government -- the very government I was serving when I began this nightmare -- has abandoned me , " wrote Gross , a former subcontractor for the U.S. Agency for International Development . "  Officials in your administration have expressed sympathy and called for my unconditional release , and I very much appreciate that . But it has not brought me home . " His wife , Judy Gross , told CNN 's "  The Situation Room with Wolf Blitzer " that she 's fed up with apparently empty promises from government officials who have said they 'll help . "  It 's emotional . ... It causes me a lot of anger . I have to say right now I 'm angry at the U.S. government . I 'm angry at the Cuban government , " she said Tuesday . "  I 'm totally frustrated for this lack of action , that Alan is still in the same situation that he was four years ago . " Cuban authorities arrested Gross in 2009 , holding him for more than a year before formally accusing him of illegally distributing prohibited satellite communications equipment to Cuban dissidents . After a brief trial in 2011 , he was sentenced to 15 years in prison . According to USAID , Gross was in the country to work on a U.S. government-funded project to set up individual satellite-based Internet connections in Cuba . His family has said he was working to help Jewish groups set up Web access . Despite saying that it plans to provide Cubans with Internet access , the country 's government restricts the ability of everyday citizens to access the Web . The White House did not immediately comment on Gross ' letter , but Secretary of State John Kerry said Tuesday in Brussels that the administration is "  currently engaged in some discussions " regarding Gross ' imprisonment . He said he was not at liberty to go into any detail . "  We will do everything we can and will continue to , but these things are often best resolved in quiet diplomacy , under the radar screen , behind the scenes , and that is exactly what we have been pursuing . " Numerous U.S. representatives have tried to bargain for the former contractor 's release , including former New Mexico Gov. Bill Richardson and former President Jimmy Carter , but to no avail . On Monday , the State Department released a statement calling Gross ' continued imprisonment "  gravely disappointing . " "  Mr. Gross is a 64-year-old husband , father , and dedicated professional with a long history of providing aid to underserved communities in more than 50 countries , " the State Department said . "  We reiterate our call on the Cuban government , echoing foreign leaders and even Cuba 's allies , to release Alan Gross immediately and unconditionally . " Judy Gross said Tuesday that assurances from Kerry that discussions are ongoing are n't enough . "  This is something that I 've heard for four years . It has n't changed . I do n't know what that means , ` doing something . ' We have not been told what they 're doing , " she said . "  So at this point we feel that we have to step it up a notch , and we are asking President Obama to get personally involved in the situation and do what needs to be done to get him out . " Obama , she said , has the power to jump start the process and give Cuban officials what they 've repeatedly told her they want : a chance to talk with an envoy from the U.S. government . "  I want Obama to take Alan seriously , to take the situation seriously , " she said . "  He 's the leader of the nation . He 's the one that could go to the State Department , go to the Justice Department and say , ` Let 's make this work . ' He could do this tomorrow if he wanted to . "  How can you improve any situation without sitting down and talking ? It just does n't work that way , " she said . At a rally across from the White House on Tuesday , she said U.S. calls for her husband 's "  unconditional " surrender would amount to a "  death sentence " for her husband , intimating that the United States will need to bargain with Cuba for her husband 's release . "  He tries so hard to hold on to hope , but it is fading fast , " she told protesters . Gross ' family says that he has lost nearly 100 pounds , has developed degenerative arthritis in his leg and has battled depression since his arrest . In a statement read to demonstrators on Tuesday , Gross said his treatment at the prison is "  stressfully demeaning and my environment is oppressive . " He does not speak Spanish and so can not communicate with his guards or the other two inmates jailed with him , Gross said in the statement . Gross says he is allowed out of his cell for one hour a day , which he spends in a small courtyard with high walls and limited views of the sky and nothing else . "  I do n't sleep much , between my arthritis and the lights in my cell , which are kept on 24 hours a day . With the exception of a few phone calls and visits , I am completely isolated from the outside world , " he wrote . "  I have lost almost everything in the last four years , most of all time with my family -- my wife , Judy , and my daughters , Shira and Nina . I have had to ask my daughters not to visit because I can not bear them seeing me like this , a shadow of my former self , surrounded by men with machine guns , " he said in his letter to Obama . "  My heart is broken from acute homesickness , loneliness and disappointment from my government , " Gross said in his statement to protesters . Gross , a longtime international development worker , said he was pleading for his release not only for his own benefit and that of his family but also for all Americans working , living or traveling abroad . "  There are countless Americans all over the world , some serving in uniform , others serving in diplomatic or civilian capacities , still others private citizens studying or traveling abroad , and they must not harbor any doubt that if they are taken captive in a foreign land , our government will move heaven and earth to secure their freedom , " Gross wrote .	"  I 'm angry at the U.S. government , " Alan Gross ' wife says "  We are asking President Obama to get personally involved , " she says Secretary of State John Kerry says discussions on Gross ' release are ongoing Cuban authorities say Gross was illegally distributing satellite gear
LifeWire  -- Jennifer Bilotta thought she and her husband Michael had the perfect present for his cousin 's wedding . The gift in question -- a fused-glass plate decorated with a "  tacky scene of a bride and groom , " she recalls -- had been given to Bilotta at her own wedding a few years earlier . Nothing wrong with a little regifting as long as the bride and groom enjoy the gift . Or so Bilotta thought . "  She collects Barbies , and he collects G.I. Joes , " says Bilotta , 33 , a publicist in Wyndmoor , Pennsylvania . "  The plate seemed up their alley . So for their wedding gift , we gave them the plate along with a card with a check for the usual wedding amount . " But the gift did n't go over well . "  A few weeks after they got married , we were talking to them about their wedding gifts , and they mentioned this hideous glass plate that someone gave them , " Bilotta says . "  The card must have gotten separated from the plate , so they did n't know it was from us and they both went on about how ugly it was . We never fessed up . " Watch when to send a gift " Deciding what to give  or not give  newlyweds is never an easy task , says Peggy Post , one of the country 's leading etiquette experts and co-author of the book "  A Wedding Like No Other . " Before you turn into a guestzilla , however , take heart . "  Gift giving does n't have to be a stressful experience , " says Post . The wrong way to give Some gifts should never be given -- namely those that you yourself received . Whether it 's to save yourself some cash or to avoid the hassle of shopping , regifting is a wedding no-no , says Steve Kemble , star of Style Network 's "  Whose Wedding Is It Anyway ? " and "  Married Away . " "  What makes you think someone is going to want a gift you did not want ? " Kemble says . "  Plain and simple , re-gifting is tacky ! If you do not have the time to think about what a couple would really want , then do n't give anything at all . " Kemble ticks off a few of his favorite wedding gift gaffes : shot glasses  "  I simply do not think there could be anything tackier , " he says  ; knives  "  they represent bad luck for a relationship "  ; and , worst of all , deciding that a gift is n't necessary , because you gave the bride or groom a gift the last time they got married . "  If you feel this way , then I feel you should not attend the wedding , " he says . "  If you are going to sincerely celebrate with them on their special day , then show that you are happy for them , and tradition says you should do this by honoring them with a gift . " The right way to give When it comes to gift giving , Rob Johnsen , co-founder of MyWedding.com , has some simple , if calculating advice : Decide how much your relationship is worth . If the happy couple are two of your most cherished friends or relatives , get ready to fork over about $ 200 , says Johnsen . "  A blender or silverware off a traditional registry wo n't quite have the sentiment you are looking for , " he says . Is the bride or groom is someone you talk to only a few times a year , yet someone you still value ? Then keep your gift between $ 50 and $ 100 , and feel comfortable selecting a set of dishes off the registry , says Johnsen . For distant relations , friends of friends or other lesser acquaintances , limit your spending to $ 50 . "  Sentiment here really is n't of concern , so go for something off the registry , or some cash in a card is acceptable too , " Johnsen says . Peggy Post disagrees with putting a price limit on a wedding gift  "  There 's no such thing as a dollar amount , " she says  , but she does suggest basing the amount you spend on your affection for the bride and groom and their family . "  If you 're a close cousin , you 'd probably want to ratchet it up a bit , rather than if you 're just an acquaintance , " she says . Of course , not everyone can afford to give extravagantly , even if the newlyweds are dear friends . Not to fear , Post says : You wo n't be breaking any etiquette rules by splitting the cost of a high-dollar gift with a fellow guest . And , she adds , it 's especially acceptable if you 're in your 20s and a recent college graduate with a limited income . Cash is acceptable , too , as is deviating from the bridal registry . "  Do what you feel comfortable with , " Post says . "  Just do n't do something totally off the wall . " Gifts that make memories Sometimes , though , offbeat wedding gifts can impress . Manhattan resident Samuella Becker , 53 , says she 'll never forget a gift someone gave her and her husband for their wedding 24 years ago . "  One of the members of our wedding party , an attorney who I worked with at a major Fortune 500 company , gave us a magician to perform at our reception , " explains the owner of a media relations firm . There was just one problem : The reception , held in the elegant Crystal Room at New York City 's Tavern on the Green , was n't exactly the ideal place for magic tricks . But , Becker says , the gift , which might have been seen as tacky by some , ended up becoming a wedding-day highlight . "  All guests , young and old , were absolutely entranced and filled with wonder as the magician performed trick after trick , " she says . It was a reminder , she says , that sometimes the most unusual and daring gifts can be the most memorable and welcome . LifeWire provides original and syndicated lifestyle content to Web publishers . Sarah Jio is a Seattle-based writer who has contributed to Cooking Light , SELF , Glamour and many other publications .	Expert : $ 200 is appropriate spending for wedding gift to close friends TV host : Shot glasses and knives are bad wedding gifts Peggy Post : It 's OK to split cost of high-ticket gift with other guests
London  CNN  -- Pakistani teen activist Malala Yousufzai was in stable condition at a British hospital on Sunday after undergoing surgeries to repair her skull and help her hearing , officials said . "  Both operations were a success and Malala is now recovering in hospital . Her medical team are ` very pleased ' with the progress she has made so far , " the Queen Elizabeth Hospital in Birmingham said in a statement . "  She is awake and talking to staff and members of her family . " Saturday 's five-hour surgeries were the latest step on a long road to recovery for Malala , who was shot in the head and neck by Taliban gunmen in October for speaking out in favor of education for Pakistani girls . Last week doctors said they would use a titanium plate to cover an opening in her skull , and give her a cochlear implant to partially restore hearing in her left ear . The plate was necessary to replace a section of her skull about the size of a hand , which doctors removed to relieve swelling after the shooting . And the inner ear implant will restore some function to her damaged ear , doctors said last week . The 15-year-old became an international symbol of courage after she was shot by Taliban gunmen last fall for her crusade about girls going to school . She had blogged fearlessly about girls ' education and accused the Taliban of thriving on ignorance . The Taliban forbid girls in the classroom and have threatened to kill anyone who defies them . Malala was in a school van on October 9 when the gunmen stopped the vehicle and shot her at point-blank range . She was flown to the British hospital six days later . Doctors there discharged her last month , and she has been recovering with her family at a temporary home nearby . Her father , who had been an educator in Pakistan , is now employed at the Pakistani Consulate in Birmingham . On Sunday , officials said Malala would remain hospitalized until she is well enough to be discharged . CNN 's Ben Brumfield , Laura Smith-Spark and Per Nyberg contributed to this report .	Operations to repair Malala 's skull and help her hearing "  were a success , " the hospital says Queen Elizabeth Hospital : She is stable , "  awake and talking to staff and members of her family " Saturday 's five-hour surgery is the latest step on a long road to recovery for the teen activist In October Taliban gunmen shot her in the head and neck
Editor 's note : This article contains profanity that some may find offensive . This is part one of a three part series showing different aspects of life inside Colombia 's drug gangs . A gang member sniffs in a cloud of cocaine dust as he cuts the drug with other substances . MEDELLIN , Colombia  CNN  -- A young man with tattoos covering one arm rolls hundreds of marijuana joints in the half-light of a shack , perched on a hillside in a Medellin slum . A 9mm pistol and a .38 revolver lie on his work bench . An old battery-powered radio blares out the salsa music classic , "  Todo Tiene Su Final " or "  Everything Comes To An End . " "  I 'm getting calluses on my tongue rolling all these spliffs , " he laughs , telling me has enough marijuana for about 1,000 joints . He and his comrades plan to sell them for about 50 cents apiece . A few doors away , two other gang members have raided their mother 's kitchen for soup plates , drinking glasses and a blender . They 've just taken delivery of a kilogram  2.2 pound  brick of pure cocaine . Their job now is to cut it and package it in gram bags to peddle on street corners they control . Watch as cocaine is cut " A female gang member shows up with two more bags , one containing powdered caffeine and the other lidocaine , a dental anesthetic used to dilute the pure cocaine . They mix business with pleasure . Every now and again one of the gang members pulls off the top of the blender and breathes in a cloud of pulverized cocaine . One of them coughs and keels over in the kitchen . Seconds later , he 's back on his feet snorting cocaine off a spoon . "  Breathing that cocaine cloud mellows me out so I need a line to take me back up , " he says . Standing in the background , snorting lines of pure cocaine off a pocketknife is the gang leader , a man in his mid-20s . His cohorts call him "  Chief . " He tells me they 'll sell the heavily cut cocaine for $ 1.50 a gram . Higher purity powder goes for about $ 4 a gram . That 's much cheaper than the $ 50 or $ 60 a heavily cut gram costs on most U.S. and European streets , according to estimates from the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration . I agree to conceal Chief 's true identity to protect him from the police and rival gangs . As we chat , he dismantles a small caliber pistol . Watch the gangs in action " "  Around here the only law is the rules of the street , " he explains . "  The rules do n't change ; they always will be the rules , here or anywhere else . " A trusted source , who made the introduction for me , tells me Chief is a "  total animal living on borrowed time , " who has earned so many enemies he can not risk stepping outside the few hundred square yards of his home turf . "  I 'm only human , of course I get afraid , " he says . "  Afraid my life will end suddenly before I can do anything to get out of this war . " Since the time when undisputed cocaine king Pablo Escobar held sway here , the "  northeastern commune " district has forged a fearsome reputation as a recruiting ground for drug cartel hit men and violent gang wars . Medellin is once again in the grip of a vicious drug war . In January to September this year , city authorities say the murder rate has more than doubled with almost 2,000 killings . Officials at the Medellin public prosecutor 's offices say the vast majority of victims were shot , likely victims of rival drug gangs and cocaine capos . Watch marijuana joints being rolled by the hundreds " That makes Medellin as dangerous as Ciudad Juarez , the frontier town dubbed Mexico 's most dangerous city as a result of the ongoing cartel war there . Authorities in Juarez say killings are up from last year and are hitting record highs . Colombian authorities estimate there are around 130 street gangs -- known as "  combos " -- in Medellin , totaling some 6,000 members . Their only real loyalty is to the money that drug capos dole out to hire a gang 's services . Capos will supply them with drugs to retail on street corners and occasionally issue them weapons to take on rival gangs loyal to another crime boss . Until earlier this year , Medellin 's drug underworld was ruled by the so-called "  Office of Envigado , " named after a district of the Medellin metropolitan area . The "  office " was a syndicate of the top cocaine bosses who agreed on the basic rules of doing business in the area . They shared smuggling routes and acted as the ultimate enforcers if cartel members reneged on deals or debts . But the "  office " has been ripped apart by infighting . Some senior members were arrested , some of those already in jail were extradited and others cut cooperation deals with U.S. authorities . That left the lower ranks fighting to fill the power vacuum . It 's an internal battle that is still raging . Watch how CNN 's Karl Penhaul got unprecedented access to the gangs " "  The ones fueling this war are the ones from the other side . They 've f *** ed up Medellin , " Chief says . "  They 're from Medellin but they 're traitors . " "  They want to get control of all Medellin so they 're shooting up one gang then another . They 're getting paid to fight . These are wars between the big capos and we 're paying the price out here on the streets , " he adds . Chief and his allies have stopped rivals intruding on their turf by strictly enforcing what they call "  street rules . " A day before our meeting , Chief says he helped bury one of his friends who had been gunned down when he ventured into the heart of Medellin with a girlfriend . "  I could n't even bear to take a look inside the coffin , " he began explaining . "  We do n't really know who did it . But it was that crack head girlfriend who persuaded him to go down there . So we killed the bitch . "  You see that 's street rules . You have to answer for our friend and the only way you can do that is pay with your life , " he says . Chief shies away from questions about which cartel boss is bankrolling his gang . But clearly somebody has been supplying them with guns . They pose with a Czech-made .22 - caliber rifle and an assortment of semi-automatic pistols -- as well as the wholesale supply of drugs they then sell on the streets . My conversation with Chief is interrupted when another gang member arrives at the improvised drug den . He mumbles to his boss that a local man has been beating up his wife . Chief authorizes his underling to go and thrash the accused man with a pool cue . "  I do n't think we need cameras for this one please , " he requests . As I get ready to leave I have one last question for Chief : I want to know if he ever had any dreams . "  I 've tried to get out of this but it 's never quite worked out , " he says . "  I 'd like to sail away in a sailboat . Alone and far away . "	Drug war raging in Medellin , Colombia , has seen almost 2,000 killings this year Gang leader says violence sparked by power vacuum as old bosses arrested His gang sells cocaine and marijuana and he rules through violence But he refuses to say which cartel boss is bankrolling his gang
CNN  -- It was a big applause line , one of many for former President Bill Clinton Wednesday night . Speaking to the Democratic National Convention in Charlotte , North Carolina , Clinton -- whose presidency unfolded during a boom era for the U.S. economy -- told delegates that Democratic administrations had a nearly 2-to-1 advantage over Republicans in creating jobs . "  Since 1961 , for 52 years now , the Republicans have held the White House 28 years , the Democrats 24 , " Clinton said . "  In those 52 years , our private economy has produced 66 million private-sector jobs . So what 's the job score ? Republicans 24 million , Democrats 42 . " Fact Check : The not-so-empty factory Since Clinton repeatedly invoked "  arithmetic " as the secret to his administration 's success , we thought we 'd check his . The facts : Clinton 's math is a bit off , but not substantially . According to Bureau of Labor Statistics figures examined by CNN , he understated the net number of private jobs created under Democratic administrations and overstated the number of jobs created in GOP eras . But the ratio is basically correct : A net increase of 44.7 million jobs created during the Kennedy , Johnson , Carter , Clinton and Obama administrations , compared to a 23.3 million figure during the Nixon , Ford , Reagan and both Bush administrations . Fact Check : Would Romney bankrupt Medicare by 2016 ? Republican numbers were crimped by recessions that occurred more frequently during their administrations -- in 1969 and 1973 , 1981 , 1990 , 2001 and 2007 . The only recession to occur during a Democratic presidency was in early 1980 , during the Carter administration , while the 2007 recession lasted nearly six months into the Obama administration . Democrats , meanwhile , were also helped by population growth : A bigger country should produce more jobs , and Democrats have held office for nearly 12 of the past 20 years . Conclusion : Economists constantly argue over which presidents get the credit or the blame for what happened on their watches , of course . But in terms of the numbers Clinton cited , his claim is remarkably close , and the discrepancy does n't contradict his argument . Fact Check : Obama , Romney and Osama bin Laden CNN 's Matt Smith , Caitlin Stark and Tom Foreman contributed to this report .	Clinton says Democratic administrations produce more private-sector jobs Federal statistics show his numbers are a bit off , but not substantially GOP terms were hit more by recessions , while population growth may have helped Dems
CNN  -- The enthusiasm gap between football fanatics and those who ca n't tell a Raven from a Falcon can widen into a chasm come Super Bowl Sunday . It 's hard to resist a nationwide party , so you 'll find the clueless mingling with the season ticket holders , which can lead to bitterness from both quarters when apathy meets with bone-crushing enthusiasm . As a colleague wrote in an e-mail upon discovering that a friend who does n't care for football was hosting a Super Bowl party , "  I think it 's totally annoying and now I have to find a reason to tell you to keep your chips and dip to yourself because I do n't want to constantly listen to you ramble on while I 'm trying to watch the game . Wan na have a party ? Then have one . Just do n't hijack my Super Bowl . I 'm about to go into mourning about football season being over . " Plenty of non-fans are perfectly comfortable taking a pass and indulging in an alternate activity on game day . Many hosts are warm and welcoming to guests who do n't know a blitz from a drop kick  so long as they bring a sufficiently chilled six-pack or a semi-competent guacamole  . But the occasional "  Shush ! I 'm trying to hear Jerome Boger 's call ! " is bound to happen . Granted , any thematic gathering stands a chance of widening the gulf between devotees and dilettantes . There 's always the blowhard at the Oscars party rolling his eyes , delivering a dull indictment of celebrity culture and yammering on about not having seen any of the films  all while hogging the artichoke dip  . That 's a pretty serious fumble in the decency department . So how about a little teamwork this Sunday ? Here are tips on how not to ruin a Super Bowl party for those disinterested in the game yet game for a celebration . Opinion : I hate , hate Super Bowl parties For the non-fan : Keep off the field of play If you go to the beach and you spend the whole time crabbing about sand between your toes while the rest of your friends are frolicking , perhaps you 're meant for the museum or the mall instead . It 's not fair to bring everyone else down just because football is n't your bag . Have a "  me " day , indulge in something you love  "  Law & Order " marathon ? Puppy Bowl perhaps ?  and console or celebrate with the gang after the game . Perform some drills Dig the company , but know you 'll be bored stiff even before kickoff ? Assign yourself a labor-intensive task that will benefit everyone . Assemble a 47-layer dip , serve up freshly made guacamole to order or squeeze a few dozen limes to ensure everyone 's margaritas stay replenished . Just clear it with the host beforehand , and everybody wins . Consult your bookie Not into the game , but want to get your share of chicken wings and halftime hijinks ? While it would be terribly rude in most other social circumstances , feel free to retreat to a quiet corner with a book or the  quiet  communication device of your choice . Just remember to look up and smile every once in a while  especially if you 've been dragged there as someone 's plus one  so you are n't just remembered as that party pooper who spent the whole time scowling . Rally an ally Around bowl time , the Internet abounds with articles about how to sound like you know what you 're talking about at a Super Bowl party . That seems exhausting . While the assembled masses might not have time or patience for your questions about what 's happening on the gridiron , there 's bound to be at least one person dying to take you under his or her wing . Keep that person 's nacho plate topped off and he/she will be your No. 1 fan . Hut or shut up Perhaps you think football is dull , barbaric or hopelessly unsophisticated . There 's an awesome place where you can go and yelp about that to your heart 's content : It 's called the Internet , and it 's right there in your pocket . Feel free to tweet , comment or text your heckling to the sympathetic masses -- which might be rather passive-aggressive , but at least you 're not out-loud harshing the buzz of the folks who were kind enough to let you take up couch space . For the host : Kick it off properly Are casual or non-fans welcome ? If your aim is to party down with only the die-hards ,  politely  make that clear in the invitation so less-fanatical friends can make alternate plans . Make room on the sidelines If your gathering is going to be split between die-hard football fans and folks who are just in it for the dip and halftime nip slips , consider drawing some clear lines on the field of play . This might mean you 'll have to clean up your bedroom or den , but that 's a small price to pay for peace . Draft backup hosts You might be the best host in the history of the game , and have all your bases covered  apologies for the mixed sports metaphor  , but accept offers of help if you can . The guest might simply be at a loss for something to do . Consider tasking them with beer runs , cheese grating or dish duty and consider it a victory for your mad hospitality skills . Are you a non-fan who plans to attend a Super Bowl party with die-hard fans ? Share your strategy in the comments section below .	If you are n't a football fan , you might feel out of place at a Super Bowl party Try to be inoffensive to hard-core fans if you 're just there to socialize Helping the host with chores is one way to be useful and keep busy Asking a friend who is willing to explain the game can make it more fun for you
CNN  -- Sin Hwa Dee began operations in the 1970s as a cottage industry in the former soya sauce-producing enclave of Kim Chuan Road , in the Paya Lebar area of Singapore . Mr. and Mrs. Chng Kee started out producing soya and oyster sauces , bean paste and plum paste in the 1970s . It was founded by the late Mr. Chng Kee , a former soya salesman , who ran the business with his wife , a soya production operator . Together they sold mainly soya and oyster sauces , bean paste and plum paste in bulk under the Sin Hwa Dee label to the restaurant , hotel and catering industries . In 1990 , the company began producing the preserved fruits and vegetables used to make the traditional Lunar New Year dish of Yu Sheng . One of Sin Hwa Dee 's factories is dedicated exclusively to the production of Yu Sheng products , while another factory produces noodles for the restaurant and catering industries . Mr. Chng 's daughter Jocelyn first decided to introduce the company 's products to the foreign market when she attended the SIAL exhibition in Paris in 1992 , noting that there was a clear interest in Asian food . Sin Hwa Dee 's first premix , the Laksa Paste , was launched into the food services market under the CHNG Kee 's label in 1994 , followed by the Kung Bo Sauce , the Black Pepper Sauce and their famous chicken rice mix . In 1996 , the company invested heavily in equipment and technology to produce sauces and premixes in bottles for the retail market under the CHNG Kee 's label . In 2005 , Sin Hwa Dee moved into their own building , CHNG Kee 's Foodlink , located in Senoko South Road , north of Singapore , with a production team of over 75 employees producing more than 20 tons of sauces per day . Today , their clientele includes Singapore Airlines , Pizza Hut , KFC , Burger King , hotels such as the Ritz Carlton , Conrad International Centenniel , Raffles Hotel , Hilton Hotel , Marriott Hotel , and restaurants such as Lei Garden and Crystal Jade .	Sin Hwa Dee founded by former soya salesman and soya production operator One of Sin Hwa Dee 's factories dedicated exclusively to Yu Sheng products In 2005 , Sin Hwa Dee moved into their own building , CHNG Kee 's Foodlink
Washington  CNN  -- If at first you succeed , then by all means , try , try again . President Barack Obama returned to a successful strategy from last year 's election campaign by calling Friday for college students and their families to mount pressure on congressional Republicans to prevent a jump in some student loan rates set to occur on July 1 . "  Higher education can not be a luxury for a privileged few , " he said at the White House with college students standing behind him . "  It is an economic necessity that every family should be able to afford , every young person with dreams and ambitions should be able to access and now 's not the time for us to turn back on young people . " The Rose Garden appearance angered GOP leaders , who contend they have proposed a reasonable solution . "  No one should be fooled by today 's campaign-style event at the White House , " said a statement by Senate GOP leader Mitch McConnell of Kentucky . He added that Obama "  appears more interested in needlessly stoking partisan divisions in Washington than helping young Americans avoid a higher interest rate on their student loans . " The issue is both practical and political . Student loan mess : What 's at stake ? If Congress does n't act in coming weeks , interest rates on government-subsidized Stafford loans for college students will double from the current 3.4 % to 6.8 % starting in July . Only students taking out new subsidized loans after July 1 would be affected , as those getting unsubsidized loans already pay the 6.8 % rate . About 7 million students , a third of the total taking out loans , would be affected . Obama said Friday the impact would mean those students needing subsidized loans would have to pay about $ 1,000 more a year . When he asked how many in the crowd could afford that , several heads shook "  no . " To qualify for subsidized Stafford loans , students must meet an income threshold . The event allowed Obama to revert to a topic he benefited from in his successful re-election campaign last year , and to divert attention from controversies dogging his administration early in his second term such as IRS targeting of conservative groups and secret subpoenas of journalists ' phone records . Republicans argue that Obama basically agrees with their approach , which would tie the student loan rate to economic factors instead of leaving it up to Congress . However , the two sides remain at odds over specifics including how fast and high the interest rates could rise . A measure recently passed by House Republicans would mean that the rate for all new student loans would be about 5 % for the first year , but would likely rise in the future because it would be linked to the rate on 10-year Treasury bonds , which currently are low . Obama 's budget proposal for next fiscal year would hold down rates for subsidized loans to about 3 % in the first year , with other students paying about 5 % . Those rates also would be linked to the 10-year Treasury bond levels and therefore would likely increase in future years . The president criticized the House GOP proposal as "  not smart " and "  not fair , " saying it would increase the burden on middle - and lower-income families to pay for a college education . He reminded listeners that their pressure last year persuaded legislators to extend the current 3.4 % rate on subsidized loans through June instead of letting it double in 2012 . "  You 're going to have to call them up again or e-mail them again or tweet them again and ask them ` what happened , what changed ? ' " Obama said . Differences between the two sides involve when the rate on a loan gets locked in , with Obama calling for it to happen right away while the House measure would allow it to rise until a student graduates . Another difference concerns maximum rates . The House measure would cap interest rates at 8.5 % for student loans while the Obama proposal would contain no such cap but would include a program to limit a former student 's annual expenditures on the loan to no more than 10 % of discretionary income . A House GOP aide noted that the Democratic-controlled Senate has yet to act on the issue , and echoed McConnell 's statement in saying that the House and Obama agree on the principle of tying the student loan rate to economic factors . Later Friday , Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , D-Nevada , announced he planned for the chamber to vote next week on a Democratic measure to extend the current 3.4 % rate for subsidized loans for two years , which would put off the matter until after the 2014 congressional elections . The measure would eliminate some tax breaks , including one for oil companies , to pay the federal cost of extending the lower interest rate . Such tax components appear certain to ensure Republican opposition . Meanwhile , the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee announced Friday it was launching ads in six college newspapers that urge students to pressure Congress to keep loan rates low . CNNMoney 's Jennifer Liberto and CNN 's Ted Barrett , Deirdre Walsh and Paul Steinhauser contributed to this report .	President Obama urges students to pressure congressional Republicans Sen. McConnell accuses Obama of playing politics despite common ground A Senate vote on extending the current loan rate is planned for next week Democrats launch ads in college newspapers criticizing Republicans on the matter
London , England  CNN  -- Reports that Iran has sentenced a British embassy employee to four years in prison are "  deeply concerning , " British Foreign Secretary David Miliband said Thursday . Hossein Rassam "  is a hardworking embassy official " who was "  doing work that was wholly within the boundaries of diplomatic work , " Miliband said at a news conference in Brussels , Belgium . The reported sentence is "  wholly unjustified and represents further harassment of embassy staff for going about their normal and legitimate duties , " Miliband had said earlier , in a statement issued Wednesday . Rassam is one of several British embassy employees arrested in the wake of Iran 's disputed June 12 presidential election . Thousands of Iranians took to the streets to protest the official results declaring President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad the winner . Iran accused Britain and the United States of fomenting the unrest . Rassam was put on trial in August . The European Union , France and the United Kingdom denounced the proceeding . Rassam 's lawyer has not officially been informed of the embassy worker 's sentence , and he does not know where Rassam is , he told Iranian media . Abdolsamad Khorramshahi told the Fars News Agency that the terms of Rassam 's bail did not prevent him from leaving the country . He said Rassam had been in Iran recently , but he did not know his current whereabouts . He said he could not express an opinion on the verdict before the court officially informs him of it , which he said normally happens after it is issued . The European Union condemned the reported verdict as "  unjustified and harsh , " and urged "  the Iranian authorities to overturn it swiftly , " the Swedish presidency of the 27-nation bloc said in a statement Thursday . "  Any action against one EU country  a citizen or member of embassy staff  is considered an action against the entire EU , and will be treated accordingly , " the statement said . France also condemned the sentencing of Rassam . Miliband said he understood the sentence could be appealed and urged "  the authorities to conduct this quickly and overturn this harsh sentence . " "  This will be seen as an attack against the entire diplomatic community in Iran , " he said in a statement late Wednesday . The Foreign Office summoned the Iranian ambassador to London , and Britain 's envoy in Tehran spoke to Iran 's deputy foreign minister , Miliband said .	European Union , France and the UK denounced the trial of Rassam Rassam one of several UK embassy employees after unrest in June Thousands of Iranians protested the results of the presidential election
NEW YORK  CNN  -- Lillo Brancato Jr. , an actor who appeared in "  The Sopranos , " was acquitted of the 2005 killing an off-duty New York City police officer but found guilty of attempted burglary . Lillo Brancato Jr. appeared on "  The Sopranos " and played alongside Robert De Niro in "  A Bronx Tale . " Brancato , 32 , was also acquitted of two counts of burglary , but could face three to 15 years in prison on the attempted burglary charge . He has already served three years , according to his attorney , Joseph Tacopina . Police officer Daniel Enchautegui , 28 , was killed trying to break up a burglary attempt at his neighbor 's house in the Bronx in December 2005 . During the trial , Brancato said there was not a break-in . Brancato said he knew the owner of the home , and that he and friend Steven Armento , 51 , were drinking at a strip club when they decided to go hunt for valium . Brancato told the jury that the owner , a Vietnam veteran , gave him permission to come to his house and take painkillers or other pills whenever he wanted . Brancato admitted to breaking a window at the home , but said it was strictly because he was going through intense heroin withdrawal that night and he said he was trying to wake up his friend to get the drugs . When Brancato and Armento entered the home , the next door neighbor -- Enchautegui -- came outside to investigate . That 's when prosecutors said Armento shot the officer through the heart with his .357 Magnum . Armento was sentenced to life in prison without the possibility of parole in November . The jury in that trial took less than six hours to convict Armento . Enchautegui was shot in the chest by Armento when he interrupted the alleged robbery , but managed to shoot both suspects multiple times before dying . "  This jury spoke loud and clear , that Lillo had nothing to do with the murder of this police officer , " Tacopina said . Brancato appeared on six episodes of the hit HBO series "  The Sopranos " as a wannabe mobster in 2000 . As a teen , Brancato starred alongside actor Robert De Niro in "  A Bronx Tale . "	Lillo Brancato Jr. played a wannabe mobster on "  The Sopranos " Brancato faces up to 15 years for attempted burglary conviction Actor said homeowner allowed him to come and get drugs when needed As a teen , Brancato starred alongside actor Robert De Niro in "  A Bronx Tale "
CNN  -- Edwin Velez used to have to suck in his stomach in order to tie his shoes . He requested tables at restaurants , rather than booths , and constantly made jokes about himself in order to hide how uncomfortable he was about his physical appearance . "  I may be big , but I 'm sexy , " he would say . But on the inside , Velez , an English-as-a-second-language teacher from Albertville , Alabama , really wanted to make a change . He attributes his weight struggles to eating habits he learned as a child . He grew up in a Latin family , with a diet consisting of rice , beans and plenty of fried food . His family moved from Puerto Rico to Florida when he was 4 . When he was younger , Velez loved playing baseball , but after his sophomore year of high school he weighed 250 pounds and had to give up the sport because it exhausted him . In college , his eating habits worsened . Like many students , he ate whatever was readily available and cheap , such as cafeteria hamburgers , French fries and chicken fingers . By the time Velez reached adulthood , he weighed 310 pounds . It was not until he was reminiscing over photos from one spring trip to the Bahamas with friends that he realized he was significantly overweight . ' I could n't walk ' : Woman loses 276 pounds Velez set a goal to drop 100 pounds in a year 's time before his next trip . He changed his diet , exercise routine and most importantly , his attitude . He began walking 45 minutes every morning and soon after was able to jog . "  It was only after I lost 30 to 40 pounds from jogging that I joined a gym , " says Velez . "  It 's intimidating . " Once there , he began lifting weights and building muscle to sculpt his ideal body . But "  it does n't just happen at the gym , it happens after  the gym  , too , " Velez says . He cut out soda , sweets and carbohydrates while focusing on high-protein foods such as fish and chicken , pairing them with fruits and vegetables . Since Velez had never been a gym-goer or calorie counter , many people who knew him discouraged him from starting his weight loss journey . They told him he was working toward an unrealistic goal because of his past habits . Velez says that he 's competitive and that their words fired his desire to prove everyone around him wrong . "  You really have to want it bad enough , " says Velez . "  Once you get the mental part right , you ca n't let the negative Nancys get you down . " After a year and two months -- and 155 pounds lost -- he decided to reward himself with skin removal surgery . He now has plans to tone and sculpt his body to compete in men 's physique competitions for the 2014 season . Velez says he has no problem maintaining his diet and exercise plan and that the temptation to eat unhealthy food is no longer present . He takes his own meals to work to ensure he sticks to his routine and sacrifices the candy he once had a sweet tooth for . Food was ` only relationship that mattered ' After seeing Velez transform into a more confident and fit individual , his sister , Zorry Padilla , began her own healthy journey to shed the weight she gained after the birth of her children . "  I always had an excuse , " says Padilla . Velez helped his sister lose 40 pounds in nine months by following the same meal plans he does . Padilla plans to run the next 5K in their area with her brother . "  Though I 'm not a personal trainer , I know what it takes , and I want to help others as much as I can , " Velez says . Long-time friend Angel Ramirez says he is amazed at Velez 's life changes . "  On Facebook he has so many followers that are trying to do the same thing he did , " says Ramirez . "  Every time he posts something , he 's got instant feedback . " Velez says his outlook on life has been altered for the better ; he now creates goals and sticks to them . He finds he is more confident in his own skin and his day-to-day decisions , unlike before when he would frequently change his mind and had low self-confidence . Velez says he was once known as "  the big goofy guy . " However , now , both Padilla and Ramirez say his jokes come in moderation because he does n't need to hide behind his weight anymore . "  Drive , determination , discipline and dedication are the four D 's to my success , " Velez says . Couple loses 500 pounds in two years	Before Edwin Velez began his weight loss journey he was 310 pounds Velez cut out soda , sweets and carbohydrates while focusing on foods high in protein His new lifestyle has made him a healthier individual and altered his outlook on life
CNN  -- Before the Arab Spring came the Damascus Spring . When Bashar al-Assad succeeded his father Hafez Assad in 2000 , there was the promise of a modern and more democratic Syria . In his inauguration speech , al-Assad indicated he would be a very different kind of leader to his father . "  I shall try my very best to lead our country towards a future that fulfils the hopes and legitimate ambitions of our people , " he said . And for a while that promise was kept . His official website says he has built free-trade zones , licensed more private newspapers and private universities , and fought government waste and corruption . He has also worked on social and economic reform . But while there have been some changes during his rule , many say al-Assad 's promises have largely not been delivered . Human Rights Watch has called his time as president "  the wasted decade " with a media that remains controlled by the state , a monitored and censored internet and prisons still filled with dissidents . Two former regime insiders -- now its opponents -- recalled their time with the younger al-Assad . Former vice president Abdel Halim Khaddam said Bashar was often the victim of his elder brother 's cruelty . "  His brother Basil bullied him as a child . His father never gave him as much attention as Basil , " Khaddam said . Al-Assad 's uncle Rifaat , who left Syria in 1984 after being involved in a failed coup , also recalled the future president . "  He is very different than his father . Hafez was a leader , the head of the entire regime , while Bashar was never that close to being one and never fell within that framework . He is being perceived as the leader but he follows what the regime decides on his behalf . " Al-Assad himself said reform faltered because of unrest in neighboring states , Lebanon and Iraq . He told the Wall Street Journal last year : "  There are many things that we wanted to do in 2005 we are planning to do in the year 2012 , seven years later . " But Abdel Halim Khaddam , vice-president under both Bashar and his father , says the younger al-Assad is both brutal and indecisive . "  Bashar 's problem is that he listens to everything but denies and forgets quickly . You discuss an issue with him in the morning and another person comes along and changes his mind . "  Politically , Bashar does not have a consistent ideology ; he changes his opinion according to his interests and that of the regime 's . " And the regime is a family affair . Al-Assad 's younger brother Maher commands an elite division of the army , and is accused of widespread human rights abuses . His cousin Rami Makhlouf is the richest man in Syria . The Assads belong to Syria 's Alawite minority , who according to the president 's uncle Rifaat , are driven by fears they could be overwhelmed . "  There is no doubt that the Alawites are a minority who are in fear of the outcome and they are driven by that fear factor , " he said . Despite the brutal crackdown over the last year in Syria , in which thousands have died , al-Assad maintains he is not in charge of Syria 's military . He told ABC 's Barbara Walters : "  They are not my forces . They are forces for the government . I do n't own them . I 'm president . I do n't own the country . So they are not my forces . " Would n't al-Assad , the commander in chief , have had to give the order for any military actions ? "  No , no no , " he said . Not by your command ? "  No , " he said , "  on no one 's command . There was no command to kill or to be brutal . " Al-Assad said those members of the armed forces who "  went too far " had been disciplined . But former vice-president Khaddam is in no doubt who does give the orders to kill : "  Bashar Al-Assad and no one else . He gives out orders to use all means of force to crush the revolution . He is surrounded by close aides and a security apparatus that advise him , but he decides . " It was n't expected that Bashar would carry on the family 's political dynasty . He did n't seem to have the personality for the job ; he was n't deeply involved in military or government matters , according to "  Inheriting Syria : Bashar 's Trial by Fire , " a biography by Flynt Leverett , who worked as an expert on Syria for the CIA in the 1990s and was the senior director for Middle East affairs at the National Security Council in the early 2000s . Because Bashar 's older brother Basil was expected to succeed his father , Bashar al-Assad went to London in the 1990s and studied ophthalmology , and headed the Syrian Computer Society . "  Dr. Bashar , " as he was widely known , liked to windsurf and play volleyball . He is believed to have started dating British-born Asma al-Akhras during this time . Bashar was called back to Syria in 1994 when Basil died in a car wreck . This turn of events made him first in line to rule Syria , and he was appointed president by Syria 's rubber-stamp Parliament in 2000 after his father died . Before 2000 ended , he and Asma were married . Will Asma al-Assad take a stand or stand by her man ? Shortly after the Arab Spring started in early 2011 , al-Assad made apparent moves toward change in Syria . Initially , protesters wanted basic reforms , more freedoms , a multiparty political system and an end to emergency law . Some of these measures have , on paper , been implemented by al-Assad , but they were far too little and , by the time they came about , too late . After almost a year of violent protests , opposition supporters have lost any faith they ever had in al-Assad 's ability to deliver reform , and simply want an end to his rule and true democratic elections . Now al-Assad and members of his close-knit regime are digging in for what could be a long war of attrition . CNN 's Rima Maktabi contributed to this report .	Bashar al-Assad indicated he would be different kind of leader to his father But many say al-Assad 's promises have largely not been delivered One former vice-president says Bashar al-Assad is both brutal and indecisive Al-Assad and his close-knit regime are digging in for what could be long war of attrition
A former aide and a former mistress of one-time presidential candidate John Edwards have settled a civil lawsuit between them that , among other measures , mandates the imminent destruction of sex tapes featuring Edwards and the woman . Orange County , North Carolina , Superior Court Judge Carl Fox on Thursday signed the settlement agreement between Andrew Young , his wife and Rielle Hunter , the woman who had sued the couple , according to court official Tammy Keshler . Hunter had sued Young and his wife , Cheri , for invasion of privacy seeking to reclaim materials that she said belong to her , including personal photographs and an alleged sex tape showing her with Edwards . While the settlement addresses the transfer and destruction of videos , photographs and other documents , no monetary damages were awarded and the Youngs admit no liability . The court clerk will destroy the sex tape , while the Youngs must make a good-faith effort to ensure that the copy of the video that they gave to the U.S. government is likewise destroyed , per the agreement . The former aide and his wife will get back family videos and photos , though they can not use any that include Hunter or her daughter -- whom Edwards has admitted he fathered -- for anything besides family purposes . Edwards ' fall : From golden boy to tabloid tale Young wrote a book , "  The Politician : An Insider 's Account of John Edwards 's Pursuit of the Presidency and the Scandal That Brought Him Down , " in which he describes an elaborate plan to use money from two wealthy benefactors to allow Edwards to maintain a relationship with Hunter . She worked as a videographer on the failed 2008 presidential campaign of the former North Carolina senator , who was also the Democrats ' 2004 vice presidential nominee with running mate John Kerry . Plans are under way to make that book , "  The Politician , " into a movie from Aaron Sorkin and Colvin Road Entertainment . The Youngs can use information already in the book , in court proceedings or otherwise in the public domain . But anything beyond that is prohibited by court order , and the couple can not publicize the planned film . A gag order prohibits either of the parties from discussing the settlement . The agreement does not resolve the pending criminal contempt proceedings against Young and his wife . Young 's former boss , Edwards , is scheduled to be on trial himself after being indicted last year on charges including conspiracy , issuing false statements and violating campaign contribution laws regarding donations to and payments from his presidential campaign . Edwards ' pending criminal trial Edwards denies any wrongdoing . Whether the money given to support Hunter by Edwards ' benefactors -- as alleged by Young in his book -- should have been considered campaign donations is a key issue in Edwards ' upcoming trial . The ex-senator 's legal team has disputed that notion , maintaining the money was a gift to Hunter . If convicted on all counts , Edwards could face 30 years in prison and a fine of up to $ 1.5 million .	John Edwards ' ex-mistress had sued his former aide for invasion of privacy A settlement between them was reached and signed Thursday by a N.C. judge Copies of a sex tape showing the ex-mistress and Edwards will be destroyed The aide and his wife admit no liability , and there is no monetary settlement
Tokyo  CNN  -- Representatives of South Korea , Japan and the United States will meet "  in the near future " to discuss North Korea , a U.S. State Department official told reporters Friday in Tokyo at the Ministry of Foreign Affairs . "  I think we 've agreed that we 'll be holding a meeting in the near future , " said Kurt M. Campbell , assistant secretary , Bureau of East Asian and Pacific Affairs , according to a transcript of his remarks on the State Department website . "  I think the exact date , we are still coordinating among our partners . " Campbell is on a trip through Asia that comes after the death last month of North Korean leader Kim Jong Il and his replacement at the country 's helm by his son Kim Jong Un . Relations on the Korean peninsula have been tense since Kim 's death fueled doubts about the secretive regime 's stability and future direction . On Thursday , South Korean Foreign Minister Kim Sung-Hwan said his country is "  open to dialogue " with the new North Korean leadership , despite harsh recent comments from Pyongyang . Kim told reporters not to read too much into North Korea 's recent statement that it would never negotiate with the "  Lee Myung Bak group of traitors , " a reference to the South Korean president . Kim said he did not know how much influence Kim Jong Un had in his own country , underlining once again how little is known about the new North Korean leader . The United States currently has about 28,500 military personnel stationed in South Korea , which North Korea claims is the main impediment to reunification of the Korean people . The United States fought on the side of the South during the 1950-53 war and keeps troops in country as a deterrent against the North .	Talks to be held ` in the near future , ' State Department official says South Korea , Japan and the United States are to participate
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- Flooding caused by monsoon rain has killed more than 400 people across Pakistan , a provincial government official said Friday . Mian Iftikhar Hussain , the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province information minister , said the death toll is now 408 people in that province and 25 in Pakistani-controlled Kashmir . Qamar-uz-Zaman Chaudhry , the head of the Pakistan meteorological department , told CNN the 300 mm , or 11.8 inches , of rain recorded in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa is the most ever in Pakistan . Many of the victims died when floodwaters swept away hundreds of mud houses in parts of Swat Valley and the districts of Shangla and Tank , according to Bashir Ahmed Bilour , a provincial minister in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa . Rushing water also has washed away thousands of acres of crops and dozens of government buildings , local businesses and schools , Bilour said . Hussain said floodwater has cut off the Swat Valley and the districts of Shangla and Peshawar . There is no way to get to these areas by road , he said . Earlier Friday the head of Pakistan 's National Disaster Management Authority said flooding had killed at least 150 people and injured 90 since Wednesday . Retired Lt. Gen. Nadeem Ahmed said 90 people were still missing . The Pakistani Air Force is helping with rescue efforts , spokesman Tariq Yazdanie said in an interview on Pakistani TV . The recent torrential rains have broken all previous records of rainfall in the country , he said . The U.N. refugee agency dispatched the first shipment of aid for flood victims in the region Thursday , the state-run Associated Press of Pakistan reported . APP said the supplies include 585 tents , 2,700 plastic sheets , 1,760 kitchen sets and 4,000 plastic mats . At the same time , a top official in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province pressed Pakistan 's president for help , according to APP . The news agency said Assembly Speaker Karamatullah Khan told legislators he had asked President Asif Ali Zardari for a supply of emergency boats . Photographs from Getty Images showed flood victims struggling to cross a swollen river in the town of Nowshera . The pictures showed children being ferried across the water in overcrowded boats , and more able-bodied people helping the elderly to higher ground . Supplies from the U.N. agency will go first to the two hard-hit villages of Talli and Sultan Kot in Sibi district , APP said . The U.S.-based group Save the Children said it will distribute plastic sheeting for shelters , household supplies and hygiene kits to about 1,000 families over the next two days . Journalist Nasir Habib contributed to this report .	Almost all the deaths are in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province , official says State media : A U.N. agency has dispatched a shipment of aid for the victims Floodwaters have swept away hundreds of homes
CNN  -- There are no good or easy solutions for U.S. policy toward Egypt , and short-sighted arguments about military aid miss the broader issues entirely . America is relearning the lesson of the 1950s post-colonial period : Democracy depends on stable and experienced political parties and leaders , a willingness to compromise rather than conspire and to share or give up power until the next election . Nations without that experience might hold elections , but such hollow exercises in democracy too often become little more than preludes to bitter power struggles and existential matters of survival for the factions involved . The Obama administration did what it could in spite of these realities . It 's becoming public that top U.S. officials did try to broker a settlement and avoid this . The White House worked with the European Union , the United Nations and key Arab states like Saudi Arabia , Qatar and the UAE . It soon found , however , that Egypt 's military chief Gen. Abdul Fattah al-Sisi and ousted President Mohamed Morsy were on a collision course , and no real democratic center , no mix of leaders and experience , was at the ready to make democracy work . The Egyptian military has shown in blood that it believes it can not co-exist with the Muslim Brotherhood . Gen. al-Sisi may or may not emerge as the formal leader of Egypt , but there is no way for him and the Egyptian military to compromise with Morsy and the Muslim Brotherhood . The military also has no need to compromise with Egypt 's divided liberal factions and political leaders like Mohamed ElBaradei . Egypt 's more liberal and secular voices may soon learn they can not be independent in an era of military rule . As the U.S. learned when it occupied Iraq from 2003 to 2011 , it has little leverage to force any side to change its behavior . Opinion : Mend , do n't end , U.S. aid to Egypt The debate over calling the Egyptian power a struggle a "  coup " has been nothing more than a sideshow . The Egyptian military has more than enough U.S. - supplied weapons -- F-16s and M-1 tanks -- to wait out any cut or suspension in U.S. aid . Egypt also has no meaningful conventional military threat to its existing forces . The Camp David peace accords have secured a cold peace for Egypt as well as Israel . President Obama canceled the American military 's participation in next month 's Operation Bright Star in Egypt -- but this was inevitable for other reasons . The Egyptian military is fighting a low-level civil war against Arab opponents in the Sinai -- a key location for the exercise -- and Egypt 's military could scarcely carry out a massive military exercise and seize control of the country at the same time , any more than the U.S. could deploy troops into the middle of an ongoing power struggle . Losing an annual $ 1.3 billion in U.S. aid or facing a delay in the delivery of F-16s is far less significant to Egypt 's military than controlling the country and ensuring its own survival . Besides , the Egyptian military learned well over a month ago that it had other sources of decisive support . Egyptian protester : Why we are willing to die As the Muslim Brotherhood largely stood on the sidelines , the military removed Morsy from power on July 3 with the support of many of the same protesters who had originally brought down Mubarak . By July 9 , key powers like Saudi Arabia and the UAE determined the threat of the Muslim Brotherhood controlling Egypt , or of Egypt descending into political turmoil , was worth an offer of $ 8 billion in aid to avoid . At this point , some officials in the U.S. might be momentarily satisfied by formally calling the actions of Egypt 's military a "  coup , " but it would be little more than an exercise in hollow symbolism . It also potentially deprives the U.S. of much of the little leverage it has . The Egyptian military knows the U.S. needs Egypt as much as Egypt needs the U.S. Egypt plays a key role in dealing with threats like Iran , securing Israel and key Arab allies , supporting missions like the Afghan conflict , countering terrorism , and securing the flow of world oil exports and the global economy . What the U.S. must do is to show strategic patience : It must accept the real world character of large-scale revolutions in states with no history of democracy or political base to make it work . The U.S. needs to accept that Egypt is undergoing a power struggle that will take years to play out before real and stable democracy is possible . It needs to send in an experienced ambassador like Robert Ford and reinforce a country team of diplomats and U.S. military . It needs its senior officials and top military officers to do everything possible to persuade the Egyptian military to halt the killing and limit its future repression . More broadly , the U.S. needs to make a lasting commitment to patiently working with every possible ally both inside and outside Egypt to create the kind of political forces , financial incentives , and compromises that can limit future upheavals and violence and lay the groundwork for lasting political change . The U.S. can not create instant democracy from the outside by constant diplomatic pressure , but it may be able to help , over time , move Egypt toward political reform from within . Refocusing U.S. aid to slowly push Egypt 's military toward compromise and restraint , building up Egypt 's more secular and liberal forces , and making it clear that the U.S. supports the role of Egypt 's moderate Islamists , offers no guarantees , but they are the best real world options available . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Anthony Cordesman .	Anthony Cordesman : Democracy needs experienced political parties and leaders Cordesman : Egypt had no real democratic center at the ready to make democracy work Cutting off U.S. aid to Egypt wo n't be that significant to the military , Cordesman writes He says the U.S. needs to help develop democracy that comes from within Egypt
New York  CNN  -- Keep your kids away from these Santas ! Bar-goers dressed in Christmas-themed costumes descended upon hundreds of cities worldwide Saturday for the annual bar crawl known as Santacon . In New York , thousands took to the streets dressed as elves , Santas and holiday-themed characters , as they have since 1997 . In recent years , the debauchery of some of its participants has become too much -- even for some who take part in it . "  It was just terrible , they were throwing up in the streets . It was really just disgusting . I just put a red suit on and have a good time , " Sandy Bachom , who participated in the event last year , told CNN afilliate WABC . "  I think New Yorkers generally are extremely tolerant of visitors , but when they come in such droves , and then combine that with public intoxication , it has a negative impact in our neighborhoods , " state Sen. Brad Hoylman said to WABC . Despite the controversy , city officials are supporting the event . "  It 's what makes New York New York , " Police Commissioner Ray Kelly said at a press conference Friday . "  There has been some rowdy activity by a small handful of people . " However , NYPD officers were handing out fliers stressing that they would stop revelers who publicly consume alcohol . Santacon NYC is vowing to clean up its act . "  Santacon has had growing pains , " the event 's organizers said in a press release on the NYC SantaCcon website . "  With a little elbow-grease from the elves , a little patience from the community , and just a pinch of holiday magic , Santacon can spread joy . " Santacon.info , a website that attempts to keep up with SantaCons wherever they are -- and assist organizers in publicizing them -- maintains a list that on Saturday showed 146 locations where events will be taking place this weekend and next , from Helena , Montana , to Ho Chi Minh City , Vietnam .	NYC Santacon hits the streets of the Big Apple on Saturday The debauchery of the event in recent years has soured some Police commissioner downplays the complaints , blaming only a "  handful " of revelers The annual event is one of hundreds that take place in cities all over the world
CNN  -- It 's amazing what a little spring cleaning can turn up . Fourth-grade teacher Michelle Eugenio was in for quite a shock when she stumbled upon a document dating back to 1792 while emptying out an old classroom at the school where she teaches in Peabody , Massachusetts . She found the document , apparently a receipt for payment of a debt , buried among some old textbooks and papers . "  I looked at it , and I saw it was in plastic , which kind of told me there was a chance it was real , " said Eugenio in an interview with CNN Radio . Eugenio says she shared the document with her social studies classes , and her students urged her to find out if it was real . She brought it to the Peabody Historical Society , which was able to authenticate the 218-year-old find . It turns out the document originally belonged to Jonathan Bates , a Vermont man who had served in the Continental Army during the Revolutionary War . The paper appears to convey that Bates had paid off a debt , according to Paul Carnahan , a librarian with the Vermont Historical Society in Barre , Vermont . "  What 's fascinating is that this turned up in a school classroom so far from Vermont , " said Carnahan . How that happened is uncertain . Eugenio says the school building where she found it only dates back to the 1930s . However , she does have a theory . "  The only thing I can think of is that a teacher who was there before me or a student brought it in to show . Then it was put up onto a shelf and forgotten about , " said Eugenio . The document reveals little else about Bates beyond his military service and his debt payment , according to Carnahan . He says records show Bates was born in Williamstown , Vermont , and died in 1808 at the age of 63 . Bates ' gravestone was recorded during a WPA inventory in the 1930s and in burial records in Williamstown . But Carnahan says people who have gone to the cemetery looking for the grave in the past week were not able to find it -- possibly because a lot of the gravestones in the cemetery are damaged or have deteriorated over a period of time . You might think a document like this would be worth a pretty penny . But Eugenio says she does n't plan to test the market . "  If I hold on to it I 'll show it to my grade next year . Or , we 'll give it to the historical society . The kids are excited . To find something of that kind of historical value is really important , " she said .	Schoolteacher finds 1792 document buried among textbooks and papers Paper belonged to Vermont man who served during the Revolutionary War Documents appears to be a paid-in-full notice for the soldier Vermont records show soldier died in 1808 , but grave-seekers have n't found his headstone
Editor 's note : Jane Velez-Mitchell is host of the HLN show , "  Issues with Jane Velez-Mitchell , " a topical event-driven show with a wide range of viewpoints . Velez-Mitchell is the author of "  Secrets Can Be Murder : What America 's Most Sensational Crimes Tell Us About Ourselves . " Jane Velez-Mitchell says tougher penalties are needed to keep sex offenders from committing more crimes . NEW YORK  CNN  -- Early last month , beautiful 25-year-old Laura Garza went missing . Her family holds out hope she is still alive . An aspiring dancer from Texas , Garza moved to New York City to pursue her career . On December 2nd , she went to the posh Manhattan nightclub Marquee to blow off some steam with her friend . Security video shows Garza leaving the club with convicted sex offender Michael Mele , according to the New York Police Department . NYPD officials confirmed that Mele then drove Garza about an hour away toward his apartment . Garza was reported missing the next day . New York state police searched Mele 's apartment and court documents indicate officers observed apparent bite marks on Mele 's hand and scratches on his back and shoulder . According to court records and state police , large pieces of carpet were missing from his apartment and days later , carpet pieces that seemed to match Mele 's were found on the side of a nearby road . Search parties have been combing roads , woods , and swampland , and police divers searched for clues in a nearby lake , but the search has gone cold in recent weeks . Mele is in jail for violating probation and is a suspect , but he has not been charged in Garza 's disappearance , according to state police . Laura Garza is still missing more than a month later . Her family has joined search efforts in New York and prays they will find her alive , but police are treating the case as a homicide . The worst part about this tragic story ? It may have been preventable . Laura Garza had no idea she was leaving that club with a sex offender . After all , most of them look pretty normal . Few fit the Hollywood stereotype of the creepy guy wearing a trench coat and driving a white van . Laura Garza may have been unaware who she was with that night , but the legal system certainly knew him . Michael Mele previously pleaded guilty to four counts of sexual assault , including one count of masturbating in front of two women . And he was violating probation . And he had an outstanding warrant for allegedly exposing himself to a woman in a mall parking lot . Mele has n't been convicted of anything in this case or charged in Garza 's disappearance , but even if he is innocent , the larger question of how the criminal justice system deals with sex offenders remains a vital issue . In a sane world , Mele is not a free man on that night , able to allegedly target Laura Garza . But we do n't live in a sane world . We live in a world where sexual assault is business as usual . Where 's the outrage ? The Garza case is a microcosm of a societal problem . As a nation , we must realize there is no such thing as a "  minor " sexual offense -- because sex offenders often start small and graduate to more serious crimes . According to a 2003 Department of Justice study , 78 percent of imprisoned sex offenders had prior arrests and 28 percent had prior arrests for sex crimes . According to the same study , one quarter of men serving time for rape and 19 percent of those serving time for sexual assault had been on probation or parole at the time of the offense that landed them in prison . The formula is simple . Sex offenders start off by nabbing the easy prey -- committing the so-called "  minor " sexual offenses like flashing random women , or the crimes Michael Mele committed . Then , after getting away with it or receiving a slap on the wrist , they become hungrier and develop into full-fledged predators . And it 's only when they sink their teeth into their prey that the legal system finally brings down the hammer . But it 's too late . To stop this progression , we must start treating all sexual offenses as major crimes . In the same Justice Department study , on average , the sex offenders served less than half of their sentences . So basically that means Paris Hilton served more of her sentence than the average person convicted of a sex crime does . I 'm glad our justice system has its priorities straight . The simple answer is to take all sex offenders off the streets , from the moment they commit the first "  minor " offense . I 'm not just talking about putting them behind bars . We need to rehabilitate these predators at the earliest stage possible , before their behavior worsens . And if the prisons are too crowded to hold them , how about releasing some of the nonviolent drug offenders to make some room ? They ca n't be worse than sex offenders on the prowl who , compared with non-sex offenders released from prison , are four times more likely to be rearrested for a sex crime , according to a government study . This problem is out in the open . I see it . My viewers see it . But how many Laura Garzas will it take to before politicians and judges see it and are willing to do something about it ? The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jane Velez-Mitchell .	Jane Velez-Mitchell : Sex offenders are often let out on the street too soon Victims pay the price for inadequate punishment and rehabilitation , she says Velez-Mitchell says we must treat all sex offenses as serious crimes
U.S. veterans are dying because of delays in diagnosis and treatment at VA hospitals . At least 19 veterans have died because of delays in simple medical screenings like colonoscopies or endoscopies , at various VA hospitals or clinics , CNN has learned . That 's according to an internal document from the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs , obtained exclusively by CNN , that deals with patients diagnosed with cancer in 2010 and 2011 . Hospital delays are killing war vets The veterans were part of 82 vets who have died or are dying or have suffered serious injuries as a result of delayed diagnosis or treatment for colonoscopies or endoscopies . Barry Coates is one of the veterans who has suffered from a delay in care . Coates was having excruciating pain and rectal bleeding in 2011 . For a year the Army veteran went to several VA clinics and hospitals in South Carolina , trying to get help . But the VA 's diagnosis was hemorrhoids , and aside from simple pain medication he was told he might need a colonoscopy . Congress demands answers on VA deaths "  The problem was getting worse and I was having more pain , " Coates said , talking about one specific VA doctor who he saw every few months . "  She again examined me and gave me some prescriptions for other things as far as pain and stuff like that and I noticed again she made another comment -- ` may need colonoscopy . ' "  I told her that something needed to be done , " said Coates . "  But nothing was ever set up ... a consult was never set up . " "  I had already been in pain and suffering from this problem for over six months and it was n't getting better , " Coates said . "  I told her that if you were in as much pain as I was and had been going through you would n't wait another two months to see what 's going on . You would probably do it this week . " Coates waited months , even begging for an appointment to have his colonoscopy . But he only found himself on a growing list of veterans also waiting for appointments and procedures . He was finally told he could have a colonoscopy , many months later . "  I took it upon my own self to call the department that scheduled that and ask them about it . And they said this was the earliest appointment that I could get . And I explained to the lady what I had already been through and how much pain I had , and I said if I wait this long there might not be ...  anything  we can do about it then . I could be even dead by then . And the only thing she could tell me was ' I understand that , sir , but I do n't have any control over that . ' " Finally about a year after first complaining to his doctors of the pain , Coates got a colonoscopy and doctors discovered a cancerous tumor the size of a baseball . The now 44-year-old veteran is undergoing chemotherapy in an effort to save his life . It is unclear whether anyone responsible at the VA has been fired , demoted or even admonished for the delays in care and treatment . Some of the people responsible may have even received bonuses in recent years for their work , despite the delays in care or treatment for the veterans . According to the document obtained by CNN , 10 veterans are confirmed to have died in the South Carolina and Georgia region alone . And the document shows 29 vets or their families were sent the disclosures , notifying them they had serious "  adverse events " because of delayed care . And according to the document the problems go far beyond Georgia or South Carolina . In the Florida region , five veterans are dead , and 14 vets or their families were sent the disclosures , notified that they suffered "  adverse events " because of delayed or denied care or diagnosis , according to the exclusive document . In the Rocky Mountain region , two veterans died , and four families were sent the disclosures or notified . In the Texas region , seven vets or their families were sent disclosures about adverse events and serious injuries suffered because of delayed care . Coates filed a legal claim , citing the "  failure of the Columbia  South Carolina  VA Medical Center to timely diagnose his rectal cancer . " The VA settled , but admitted no wrong-doing . "  I do n't know what my outcome is going to be , " said Coates . "  I just try to live every day like it 's my last day . " The new document obtained by CNN shows a worse problem than has previously been made public by the VA. . As CNN has previously reported , as many as 7,000 veterans were on a backlog list -- waiting too long for colonscopies or endoscopies -- at VA facilities in Columbia , South Carolina and Augusta , Georgia . After CNN 's detailed accounting of dela-related deaths at the Columbia and Augusta VA hospitals , a bi-partisan group of Congressmen visited the hospitals , demanding answers . "  We have a duty to make sure that the veterans who serve get the best health care possible , " said Rep. John Barrow , D-Georgia . "  And it is very obvious that for too long and for too many folks that has n't happened . " The VA said the backlog at those two hospitals has been solved , but that is not a good enough explanation for Rep. Jeff Miller , the chair of the House Veterans Affairs Committee . "  The fact that we 've had veterans who have died in the very facilities that are supposed to be taking care of them , and not by natural means , by means that could have been prevented is egregious , " said Miller , R-Florida . "  And it 's not acceptable . " Miller said the VA , from the top down , has consistently ignored his committee 's requests to find out who is responsible . Even with the delays in care which have led to deaths and serious injuries , the congressman said not a single person has been fired or even demoted , and in fact some of those responsible may have even gotten bonuses . "  I grieve for the families who lost loved ones that could have been with them this Christmas that would be celebrating 2014 today had the backlog not existed , " said Miller . "  That 's not what anybody in this country wants for our veterans . " He said the lack of accountability is what angers him most . "  That 's why we asked the question again today , with members of the South Carolina delegation and Georgia delegation , tell us exactly who was disciplined and how . I do n't want to hear the excuse anymore that ` It was multi-faceted . ... There were many people involved ' " said Miller . "  Well if there were many people involved then they all need to go . We are not asking for one particular person , we want to know exactly why things happened and who was held responsible , At this point publicly , we have n't seen anybody held responsible . " CNN has made repeated requests for interviews with top officials at the VA , including President Obama 's appointed head of the Department of Veterans Affairs , Secretary Eric Shinseki . The requests have all been denied , or ignored . The VA did issue a written statement from Dr. Robert Petzel , the Under Secretary for Health at the department of Veterans Affairs . In the statement , Petzel wrote that "  The Department of Veterans Affairs  VA  cares deeply for every Veteran we are privileged to serve . Our goal is to provide the best quality , safe and effective health care our Veterans have earned and deserve . We take seriously any issue that occurs at any one of the more than 1,700 VA health care facilities across the country . " He also stated : "  As a result of the consult delay issue VA discovered at two of our medical centers , the Veterans Health Administration  VHA  conducted a national review of consults across the system . We have redesigned the consult process to better monitor consult timeliness . We continue to take action to strengthen oversight mechanisms and prevent a similar delay at another VA medical center . We take any issue of this nature extremely seriously and offer our sincerest condolences to families and individuals who have been affected and lost a loved one . " In August 2007 , presidential candidate Barack Obama gave a campaign speech to veterans specifically addressing wait lists , denied care and poor treatment of vets . He promised his administration would be different . "  No veteran should have to fill out a 23-page claim to get care , or wait months -- even years -- to get an appointment at the VA , " said then-candidate Obama . "  When we fail to keep faith with our veterans , the bond between our nation and our nation 's heroes becomes frayed . When a veteran is denied care , we are all dishonored . " But Coates said for him the speech is an empty promise . "  Someone needs to stand and face the person who suffered and the veterans who have died and say , ` Hey it was me , I let the ball drop , ' " he said . "  How many lives are we going to lose from this ? " "  When is it going to be corrected ? "	CNN has learned 19 veterans died because of delays in basic screenings The delays occurred at VA hospitals and clinics It took a year for veteran Barry Coates to get a colonoscopy He is now undergoing chemotherapy for rectal cancer
CNN  -- Frank Lautenberg , a New Jersey Democrat associated with major legislative achievements over five terms in the U.S. Senate and the chamber 's last surviving World War II veteran , died on Monday of viral pneumonia , his office said . Lautenberg , 89 , missed key Senate votes late last year during a weeks-long absence because of a cold that turned into what he called a "  severe case of bronchitis with fluid in the chest . " He also battled stomach cancer in recent years . He announced in a statement in February that he would not seek re-election next year , but he continued to push for stronger gun control laws . After last month 's Boston Marathon bombings , Lautenberg said he would reintroduce legislation to require background checks for sales of explosive powder . An influential businessman-turned-legislator , Lautenberg scored big victories in Congress , including a ban on smoking on airplanes , preventing domestic abusers from possessing guns , cracking down on drunken driving , and the "  Toxic Right to Know " law about the release of pollutants into communities . "  Frank Lautenberg has been one of the most productive senators in the history of this country , " Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , D-Nevada , said in December 2011 on the occasion of Lautenberg 's 9,000 th vote , the statement by Lautenberg 's office said . On Monday , political colleagues and foes lauded Lautenberg as a passionate advocate for the issues he championed . Lautenberg : The last ` swamp dog ' "  He improved the lives of countless Americans with his commitment to our nation 's health and safety , from improving our public transportation to protecting citizens from gun violence to ensuring that members of our military and their families get the care they deserve , " said a statement by President Barack Obama , a former senator . Secretary of State John Kerry , in remarks to reporters , called his longtime fellow Democratic senator "  tenacious as a legislator " and someone who "  never forgot where he came from . " In particular , Kerry cited Lautenberg 's advocacy for environmental issues and his spirited defense of Kerry 's military record when it came under attack by Republicans in the 2004 presidential election campaign . "  He was as loyal as he was patriotic , " Kerry said , also noting how "  during the years when Frank was going through chemotherapy and he was weakened by cancer , he was still down there on the floor of the United States Senate floor fighting on every environmental debate late into the night . " New Jersey 's Republican governor , Chris Christie , told a GOP event on Monday that he often disagreed politically with Lautenberg , but he respected the senator 's battling spirit . "  We had some good fights over our time -- battles on philosophy and the role of government , " Christie said . "  I think the best way to describe Frank Lautenberg and the way he would probably want to be described to all of you today is as a fighter . Senator Lautenberg fought for the things he believed in and sometimes he just fought because he liked to . " Lautenberg leaves tricky political question for Christie According to New Jersey law , Christie can appoint a temporary replacement to serve until a special election in November or fill the rest of Lautenberg 's term , which expires next year . With the likelihood that Christie will appoint a Republican , the Democratic majority in the 100-member Senate would decrease to 52 , along with two independents who caucus with the Democrats . Possible GOP appointees would include state Sens. Thomas Kean Jr. and Joe Kyrillos , a Christie ally who lost to Democrat Bob Menendez in the Senate race last year ; Lt Gov. Kim Guadagno , and Assembly Republican Leader Jon Bramnick . On the Democratic side , Newark Mayor Cory Booker announced in January he intended to run for the Senate next year , which caused a public tiff with Lautenberg , who later decided against seeking re-election . The son of Russian and Polish immigrants , Lautenberg grew up in Paterson , New Jersey , and enlisted in the military at 18 , his office said . He was a member of the United States Army Signal Corps from 1942 to 1946 , according to his biography . After the military , he graduated from Columbia University with the help of the GI Bill , then joined with two boyhood friends to start payroll processing firm Automatic Data Processing , or ADP , which grew into one of the world 's largest computing services companies . Lautenberg was first elected to the Senate in 1982 and won re-election twice . He did not seek re-election in 2000 when his third term expired , but was recruited to run again two years later after Democratic Sen. Robert Torricelli quit his re-election bid weeks before the polls opened amid reports of ethical issues . Lautenberg was then re-elected in 2008 . Survivors include his wife , Bonnie Englebardt Lautenberg ; six children ; and 13 grandchildren , the office statement said . People we lost in 2013 : The lives they lived CNN 's Tom Cohen , Peter Hamby , Susan Candiotti , Robert Yoon and Paul Steinhauser contributed to this report .	Political colleagues and foes describe Frank Lautenberg as a fighter Lautenberg was a strong advocate for tougher gun laws The New Jersey Democrat was the last World War II veteran in the Senate Gov. Chris Christie permitted under law to appoint temporary replacement
CNN  -- A clean-cut young man buys tons of fertilizer , which he uses to create a huge bomb . He puts it into a box truck , brings it into the middle of the city , and then sets off a massive , and deadly , blast . That happened in 1995 , when Timothy McVeigh unleashed terror in Oklahoma City . And it happened again Friday in Oslo , Norway , when , police say , a 32-year-old man sparked a explosion that killed seven people in the heart of the city center . In Norway , the suspect allegedly and then traveled 20 miles to Utoya island , where he gunned down at least 85 others at a youth camp . Sixteen years and nearly 5,000 miles separate the sites of the bombings . Yet Kari Watkins , executive director of the Oklahoma City National Memorial and Museum , said she has been flooded by calls and e-mails from survivors , victims ' relatives and others affected by the attack in that Midwestern city who have been shaken by this week 's violence in Scandinavia . "  It 's a senseless and needless attack , " said Watkins , noting that the Norway incident caused "  flashbacks " for many . "  And it 's almost exactly what our people went through . " It has struck close to home in two parts of the world , in part because both McVeigh and the prime suspect in the Norwegian attacks are being painted as "  domestic terrorists . " Scores of innocent civilians , including a number of children , were killed in both locations as attackers went after symbols and institutions -- in McVeigh 's case a U.S. federal government building , and in the other a Norwegian government building and a youth camp affiliated with the ruling political party . McVeigh had some help from Terry Nichols , who was convicted and is serving a life sentence for conspiracy and manslaughter for helping build the bomb ; and Michael Fortier , convicted for failing to alert authorities . Meanwhile , Acting National Police Chief Sveinung Sponheim said that although only one man had been arrested as of Saturday , Norwegian police have yet to determine definitely that only a single person was responsible for both of the Norwegian attacks . Growing up , McVeigh did n't appear to stand out , working at Burger King and a security guard . With his crew cut , the son of a automobile factory-line worker and homemaker looked the part of an all-American and even joined the military , where he became a decorated Army veteran before leaving the service . Anders Behring Breivik , who Norwegian media have identified as the first and then only person detained in the more recent attack , appears to fit the role of a quintessential Norwegian . Pictures show him with blond hair , blue-green eyes and chiseled features , dressed in a preppy style . He had been a youth and adult member of the conservative Fremskrittspartiet  FrP  or Progress Party , VG newspaper reports , but there has been no indication he 'd ever been arrested prior to this week . Yet police say they believe the Norwegian is responsible for the deadliest attack ever on its soil . That was true for McVeigh , too , before the September 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks . "  When it 's one of your own , when it 's one of our folks doing it to us , it 's hard to stomach , " said Watkins , who joined the memorial effort soon after the 1995 attack . Both Breivik , according to reports , and McVeigh had extreme political agendas . In the American 's case , this included a growing disillusionment with the federal government . He viewed its treatment of the Iraqi people as that of a schoolyard bully , then became angered at its role in the disastrous raids at the Branch Davidian compound at Waco , Texas , and the cabin of white separatist Randy Weaver at Ruby Ridge , Idaho . Up through his execution in 2001 , McVeigh never expressed remorse for his role in the Oklahoma City bombing that left 168 dead . The suspect in the bombing and mass shooting in Norway conceded the terrorist attacks in that nation were "  horrible , " but "  in his head  they  were necessary , " a man who identified himself as the suspect 's lawyer told Norwegian broadcaster TV2 . Geir Lippestad told TV2 late Saturday that Breivik "  is ready to explain himself " in a court hearing Monday . The fact the Norwegian suspect does n't look the part of a terrorist , especially in an age marked by threats and strikes by members of the Islamic fundamentalist group al Qaeda , does n't surprise Watkins . One thing the Oklahoma City bombing taught her is that "  evil does n't have to look like a monster . " That is one of many lessons learned by people in and around Oklahoma 's capital . Oklahoma City Mayor Mick Cornett said that another is that there 's no one , clear path toward emotional recovery from such a traumatic event . "  It 's impossible to sum up the emotions of an entire city , " the mayor said . "  It 's so emotional individually . " Cornett said that , in time , the experience made the Oklahoma City "  stronger , " more united and more patriotic , invigorated by the sense that "  we were not going to let a criminal act tear us apart . " And Norwegian Prime Minister Jens Stoltenberg spoke to this sentiment hours after the attacks , when he vowed , "  You wo n't destroy our democracy ... No one will bomb us into silence . No one can scare us from being Norway . " The people of Oklahoma City know , more than most , that such resiliency is possible -- but it is also difficult . Watkins said that the city 's memorial and museum plans to offer its assistance to the people of Norway , including children 's psychiatric counseling and other resources . One lesson that the Midwestern city 's residents have learned , the hard way , is that evil exists and it can strike at any time -- at times perpetrated by seemingly the least likely people . "  It seems so simple that we should be able to stop this , but it 's so much harder than that , " Watkins said . CNN 's Catherine Shoichet contributed to this report .	Bombs in both Oklahoma City and Oslo were made from fertilizer Bombers in both cases are described as domestic terrorists , attacking their native countries Timothy McVeigh killed 168 people in the 1995 Oklahoma City terror attack An Oklahoma memorial chief says she 's learned "  evil does n't have to look like a monster "
Rockhampton , Australia  CNN  -- Major flooding across eastern Australia is putting a squeeze on the region 's farmers , destroying crops and cutting off routes to market . "  Across the state ... agricultural and primary producers in particular are really feeling the impact of the flood waters , " CNN 's Phil Black reported Thursday . "  A lot of agricultural producers have suffered major crop loses -- vegetable producers , fruit growers , as well as grain growers and sugar cane growers . " Those farmers who have n't lost their crops are having trouble getting them to market over washed-out roads , bridges and rail lines . The flooding also has affected the global transport of commodities such as coal and steel out of Queensland . The Fitzroy River crested at 9.2 meters  about 30 feet  , or more than 2 meters  7 feet  over flood stage , according to the Australian Bureau of Meteorology . It 's expected to remain above the "  major flood " level for another week . The forecast calls for isolated rain , which is n't expected to change the situation much . "  Here in Rockhampton , it is residential areas , some small businesses that have very much felt the impact of these rising flood waters , " Black reported . Some authorities have put damage estimates across Australia as high as AUS $ 2 billion , while Prime Minister Julia Gillard said Friday that the flooding in Queensland will cost "  hundreds and hundreds of millions of dollars . " The seasonal flooding in the state of Queensland intensified last month after monsoon rains caused rivers to spill over their banks and reach record levels . The floodwaters cover an area the size of France and Germany combined and now stretch into the state of New South Wales . Images from CNN affiliate Seven Network Australia showed residents traveling down the streets in boats . From the sky , the tops of houses and trees poked out from seas of murky brown water . Snakes whipped about from under the water 's surface . Neil Roberts , Queensland minister for police , corrective services and emergency services , said Wednesday that 1,200 to 1,500 people had to be evacuated in parts of Queensland . Roberts said some residents probably ca n't return to their homes for at least another week . He said the recovery could take "  many months , and potentially over a year . " iReport : Are you there ? Share photos , video Roberts said the government had an emergency cabinet meeting Wednesday and appointed a major general to lead a recovery task force . Police said 10 people have died as a result of flooding since November 30 -- many of them swept away by swift waters . An airport in Rockhampton , a city of about 75,000 people , closed Sunday and was expected to remain closed for weeks , according to Emergency Management Queensland . At least 200,000 people have been affected by prolonged flooding , police have said . Journalist Michael Best contributed to this report .	Fitzroy River is expected to remain above the "  major flood " level for another week . At least 10 people have died in flooding since November 30 The floodwaters cover an area the size of France and Germany combined
New York  CNN  -- A New York teacher 's aide previously accused of distributing child pornography has been arrested again , this time on a charge of making such pornography , possibly on school grounds . Taleek Brooks , 40 , had been employed at Weeksville Elementary School in Brooklyn since 1995 and volunteered at an after-school program there with the Madison Square Boys and Girls Club . The Department of Education had suspended him without pay after learning of the initial arrest on January 13 , when the FBI charged him with distributing child pornography . He was rearrested Tuesday and is being held without bail . According to the complaint , the FBI found photos and videos showing Brooks spanking a naked boy inside a classroom and touching another boy . Last month , FBI agents searched Brooks ' home and discovered more than a thousand lewd photographs and videos , authorities said . They said Brooks told them he had been collecting the material for at least seven years . At the time , they said , Brooks admitted that he viewed and traded child pornography on daily basis . During the search , FBI agents seized a computer and two hard drives containing the material , authorities said . Brooks was scheduled to appear in court on the initial charge until investigators found evidence that some of the material was made by Brooks , they said . Dennis M. Walcott , chancellor of New York City schools , met with Weeksville 's principal and staff after the news of the second arrest . "  As a chancellor , and as a father , I am horrified and disgusted at the charges we learned today from the FBI , " Walcott said in a written statement . "  Our paramount concern is for the safety of our students , and we are cooperating fully with the federal authorities as they continue their investigation . " The school sent a letter home with the children Tuesday , informing parents that a crisis team would be at the school Wednesday and an FBI hotline had been set up for people who want to offer information . The FBI was at the school on Wednesday trying to identify the victims and determine if the videos were shot inside the school . Jim Margolin , a spokesman for FBI , said children were not being interviewed at that time .	A Brooklyn elementary school teacher 's aide is being held without bail Taleek Brooks is accused of making child pornography , possibly on school grounds He has been suspended without pay ; the FBI is investigating
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- A paper cape sits loosely around your shoulders , covering your naked chest . A radiology technologist directs you toward an imposing-looking machine . As you hold your breath , one bare breast at a time is tightly compressed between two flat panels and X-rayed . You 'll undress from the waist up for a mammogram ; wearing two pieces , not a dress , makes it easier . It 's a scene that 's been repeated more than 35 million times in the past year at certified mammogram facilities around the United States . No matter what their age , race or medical history , the female patients probably shared a similar experience during the 20-minute procedure . "  Mammograms are known to be uncomfortable , " concedes Dr. Sujatha Reddy , an Atlanta , Georgia,-based gynecologist . "  The harder they squeeze and squish that breast , the less tissue the X-rays have to go through and the more likely they are to find something . " The American Cancer Society reports two to four mammograms out of every 1,000 lead to a diagnosis of cancer . About 10 percent of women who have a mammogram will require more tests . Accuracy often depends on patient cooperation , but Reddy reveals there 's another side as well : "  A mammogram is only going to be as good as the technician and the doctor who read it , so you want to go to a good place . " A recent study in the Journal of the National Cancer Institute reports that doctors reading mammograms miss an average of two in every 10 cases of breast cancer . Medical experts remind women that mammograms alone do n't guarantee a clean bill of health . "  I wish I could say the mammogram could find 100 percent of breast cancers , " Reddy said . "  I think we have to rely on having a clinical breast exam once a year at a health care provider and doing your self-breast exam on a monthly basis . " Reddy recommends having mammogram screenings at a reputable facility that is certified . She also suggests going to the same office every year so that old X-rays can be compared with new films . A convenient location is another factor that makes it more likely that someone will actually show up for an annual mammogram appointment . Health Minute : Watch more on what to expect during a mammogram . " Fear of discomfort is what often keeps some women away . Reddy advises her patients to schedule a screening appointment for the early part of their menstrual cycle . "  The best time of your cycle to do a mammogram is going to be when your period is over , maybe the week after your period is done when the breasts are not going to be tender . " Caffeinated coffee , tea and soft drinks may also contribute to tender , lumpy breasts . Experts recommend avoiding caffeine for a week before the procedure . Before having any type of imaging test , the Cancer Society warns patients to tell technicians if they think they might be pregnant or are breast feeding . Similarly , reveal any unusual breast symptoms or problems before a mammogram . The screening requires women to undress from the waist up . You 'll be given a disposable wrap to put around your shoulders and chest . Wearing a two-piece outfit will make the process easier and more convenient . Technicians tell patients not to wear deodorant , antiperspirants , perfumes or powders . They might leave a residue that can be picked up on the X-rays , interfering with the results . All mammogram facilities are required to issue results within 30 days , but many will contact patients within a week if there is a problem with the mammogram . The Cancer Society recommends women 40 and older get a mammogram every year . Younger women may be advised to be screened earlier if there is a family history of breast cancer . E-mail to a friend Judy Fortin is a correspondent with CNN Medical News . CNN medical producer Linda Saether contributed to this report .	More than 35 million mammograms performed annually in the U.S. Be screened at the same place every year ; makes comparing images easier Minimize discomfort by going early in your monthly cycle
CNN  -- Manchester United have returned to the top of the English Premier League after a header from Ji-sung Park gave them a narrow 1-0 win over previous table-toppers Arsenal . The only goal of a largely disappointing match came just before half-time when Park superbly adjusted his body to divert Nani 's deflected cross past 20-year-old Arsenal goalkeeper Wojciech Szczesny , who was making his league debut for the London side . Neither team found their top form in a game of mistimed passes and niggly tackling , but United had the best of the chances with England striker Wayne Rooney missing a golden opportunity to stretch the advantage in the 73rd minute . Arsenal defender Gael Clichy was adjudged to have handled the ball in the penalty area but Rooney 's spot-kick flew high and wide of the visitors goal . Gunners manager Arsene Wenger brought on big-name players Robin van Persie and captain Cesc Fabregas , who was returning from injury , in an attempt to get back into the game . But their flowing passing football deserted them and it was United who nearly snatched a second goal late on , when Rooney 's clever lob was superbly clawed away by Szczesny . The result means United now lead the table by two points on 34 points and remain unbeaten after 16 league matches . They also have a game in hand on all their rivals . Arsenal are two points behind in second , level on points with Manchester City , while defending champions Chelsea are another point behind in fourth position .	Manchester United return to the top of the English Premier League table A header from Ji-sung Park gives them a 1-0 victory over Arsenal at Old Trafford United remain unbeaten and are now two points ahead of Arsenal in second place
EW.com  -- It 's no wonder Gotye tapped Kimbra as the object of his obsessive longing on the chart-topping single " Somebody That I Used to Know . " After all , who would n't get hung up on the New Zealand sprite 's bewitching wail and gift for teleporting spryly across the sonic pop spectrum ? Gotye 's inescapable hit is actually a misleading entry point into Kimbra 's universe ; her sparkling debut wants little to do with his bleeding-heart Sting-isms . She 's more interested in multiculti chaos , darting between musical branches and gleefully snatching the juiciest fruits : funked-out horns , orchestral indie shimmer , radio bounce , sexy cabaret slink . She shifts effortlessly from harmonizing with herself a cappella to growling over a hiccupy hand-clap groove , before bursting into a dance - and-shout refrain -- and that 's just the opening track , " Settle Down . " The rest of "  Vows " is equally fresh and surprising , its genre leaps held together by Kimbra 's pliant coo -- a remarkably expressive instrument that can evoke toughness , heartbreak , and humor over the course of a single line . Her earnestness on the breezy " Two Way Street " is disarming , though " Something in the Way You Are " proves she 's also a pro at plumbing psychological depths . But even when she 's playing mind games , she 's still somebody you 'll want to know . A See the full story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Kimbra 's sparkling debut wants little to do with Gotye 's bleeding-heart Sting-isms She 's more interested in multiculti chaos "  Vows ' " genre leaps are held together by Kimbra 's pliant coo
CNN  -- It 's a blog where people post , and make fun of , pictures of out-of-shape , poorly dressed and otherwise awkward people shopping at Wal-Mart . The "  People of Walmart " blog features photos taken by users at the mega-chain . And , in less than a month , with no marketing to speak of , it 's become the toast of the Internet . "  People of Wal-Mart , " a gag started by two 20-something brothers and their buddy to share crazy pictures with their friends , has gone viral . Promoted largely on sites like Digg and Funny or Die -- and linked ad nauseam on Facebook and Twitter -- the site picked up enough traffic to crash its servers on Wednesday . "  I 'm still baffled -- I really am , " said Andrew Kipple , 23 , one of the creators of the site , who said his team was frantically working Wednesday to add enough server space to handle the surge in traffic . Photos on the site , sent in by viewers all over the United States , frequently feature overweight people wearing tight clothes , bizarre hairstyles  with versions of the short-in-front , long-in-back "  mullet " leading the pack  and fashion crimes ranging from furry leg warmers to miniskirts that leave absolutely nothing to the imagination . There 's a guy enjoying a can of beer outside a Wal-Mart , a guy dressed as Captain America and another guy with a goat . Yes , a live goat . Andrew and his brother Adam , 25 , said they thought of the site after a visit to a South Carolina Wal-Mart where they saw a woman they believed to be a stripper , wearing an obscene T-shirt and leading a toddler in a harness . Around the next corner was a man with a beard reminiscent of the rock band ZZ Top . "  It 's kind of like the light bulb went off , " Andrew said . "  We get the e-mails already from people who are like , ` Why did n't I think of this ? ' We just happened to be fortunate enough to have the ability to actually follow through on it . " Their site was keeping up when it was getting about 500,000 views a day , but got swamped by a new spike in traffic late last week . The brothers , along with partner Luke Wherry , 23 , say response has been largely positive -- with only a handful of complaints out of every 100 e-mails they get . A post on the group 's Facebook page Thursday morning said they had gotten more than 1.2 million page views on Wednesday , even though the site was down for much of the day . The site was getting two or three photo submissions a day until last week they said -- when all of a sudden hundreds of e-mails , most with pictures , started rolling in . But not everyone appreciates the humor -- saying the site goes out of its way to mock poor and rural patrons of the store , reinforcing stereotypes along the way . "  American culture likes to single out people who appear to be different , " said Tim Marema , vice president of the Whitesburg , Kentucky-based Center for Rural Strategies . "  Whether it 's a joke or not , all depends on which side of the camera you 're on . " Furthering stereotypes can strengthen the rifts between rural , urban and suburban residents and , in the worst-case scenario , can affect the way some people are treated by government and industry , he said . Wal-Mart , the world 's largest retailer with more than 4,200 U.S. stores and over $ 400 billion in annual sales , may be more prominent in rural areas , Marema said , but to use that to stereotype its shoppers does n't make sense . "  The reality is that everybody shops at Wal-Mart , " he said . "  If you want to find the guy in the golf shirt and khakis , he 's there too . " A spokesman for Wal-Mart Stores Inc. declined to comment for this story . The brothers say they do n't mean for their site to be mean-spirited , and that they have standards for which photos they use . Andrew Kipple said they do n't include pictures of people with physical disabilities or apparent mental disabilities and wo n't run a picture of a person simply because they are overweight . "  We 're not going to go out and say we 're not making fun of anybody or we 're the nicest guys in the world . But I think you have to draw a line somewhere when you have a site like this , " he said . "  If you have a mental handicap -- that 's not funny . If you have lost a leg and you 're on a crutch or in a wheelchair , some people may laugh at that , but we do n't find it funny . " He denied complaints that the photos -- many of which attract a string of snarky comments from readers -- single out people because they are poor or unattractive . "  If you make a bad decision on what you 're going to be out in public wearing , that 's what we 're looking for , " he said . "  If you 're 400 pounds , you should n't be wearing nothing but a pink tube top . Even if you shop at Goodwill , wherever you go , the shirts they sell have sleeves and they have your size . " Adam Kipple , who works as a Web designer for a marketing firm , said he and his brother are frequent Wal-Mart shoppers themselves and that , in a way , their site could be boon to the shopping chain . "  People -LSB- who send e-mails wanting to take pictures -RSB- say , ' I have n't been to Wal-Mart in years , but now I have a reason to go , ' " he said .	"  People of Wal-Mart " blog went viral last week Site features photos of unusual haircuts , fashion at the stores Critics say site reinforces stereotypes , misrepresents Wal-Mart shoppers Site 's creators say they have standards , wo n't mock everyone
CNN  -- Jane Fonda told Piers Morgan that Michael Jackson 's 1981 visit to her California ranch inspired him to purchase what was to become Neverland Ranch . The actress and author of the new book "  Prime Time " -- which is about the last third of life -- is a guest on tonight 's "  Piers Morgan Tonight . " "  I had a ranch in Santa Barbara , " said Fonda . "  And he came and visited me once . And I was walking him around . It 's how he was introduced to that area -- where he eventually bought Neverland -- is when I had him to my ranch . " The King of Pop , who was in his early 20s at the time , spent a week on the set of "  On Golden Pond . " "  He came and he wanted to watch my father and Katharine Hepburn work , " said Fonda . "  He was interested in becoming a movie actor . " Fonda also recalled pointing out to Jackson the spot on the ranch 's grounds where she intended to be buried . "  I thought he was going to have a meltdown , " Fonda stated . "  The notion that I could countenance the fact that I was going to die was anathema to him . He just -- he screamed . " The actress recalled Jackson insisting that he was never going to die . "  He talked about how he would get into an oxygen tank and he thought that was going to keep him , you know , alive forever . " Fonda told Morgan that she does n't like the notion that Jackson 's 2009 death was a "  Hollywood clichÃ © , " but that "  it 's hard to imagine that someone that was as tormented as he was , you know , could have sort of lived a long and peaceful and natural life . " Fonda and her father , Henry Fonda , co-starred in 1981 's "  On Golden Pond , " for which they both won Oscars . The film also won Best Picture that year . "  I feel so blessed , Piers , to have been able to have that experience , " said Fonda . "  He died five months later . I bought the play . I made the movie , because I wanted to work with him . We knew he was dying . " The actress described her relationship with her father . "  He was a man of profound integrity , " she said . "  He was a good man . He had good values . He had problems in the relationship department . He had problems with emotions , which is interesting for an actor , a hard time expressing emotions and being around someone who was emotional . It was absolutely terrifying to him . " Fonda also noted that while her father was difficult , "  he did the best he could ; and I was able to tell him that before he died . " Fonda also stated that "  if there had been Prozac then , I think probably our lives would have been very different . " The actress also said that she believes that what her father did n't communicate directly to her , he did through the films whose values he held dear , such as "  Twelve Angry Men , " "  Young Abe Lincoln , " "  The Wrong Man , " and "  The Grapes of Wrath . " Fonda also told Morgan that she knows her dad would have been pleased to know that she married Ted Turner . "  I found out after my dad died that he was fascinated by Ted Turner , " said Fonda . "  Dad loved the news ; and he told a reporter that once interviewed me that he thought that Ted Turner was the greatest guy in the world because he started CNN . " Turner and Fonda divorced in 2001 . "  We had a great time for 10 years , " said Fonda . "  I am so happy that I got to spend 10 years with him . It ended when it was supposed to end and we 're very , very close . I just talked to him today . I told him I was going to be on the show . And I 'm so proud of him . He 's done so much good work in the world . " Fonda told Morgan that the current crop of GOP candidates does not impress her . "  They all scare me , frankly , " said Fonda . "  I get depressed and scared when I look at the Republican debates . " The actress stated that she 's "  worried about anybody getting elected to office who says we have to do away with or privatize Social Security , we have to reduce health insurance ; we have to not raise taxes . " Fonda is hoping that voters reelect Barack Obama , telling the CNN host , "  I hope he gets re-elected . I wish that he would be stronger . I think he will be in his second term . I think he 's going to be reelected . I think he 's a good man , but I wish that he was tougher on the issues that I care about and that a lot of people care about . " Watch Piers Morgan Tonight weeknights 9 p.m. ET . For the latest from Piers Morgan click here .	Jane Fonda on her father : If there had been Prozac , our lives would have been different Fonda on Ted Turner : "  I 'm so proud of him . He 's done so much good work in the world " She hopes Barack Obama gets re-elected Fonda on GOP candidates : "  I get depressed and scared when I look at the Republican debates "
United Nations  CNN  -- Nearly 150,000 refugees from Sri Lanka 's civil war remain detained in Sri Lankan government internment camps , according to the United Nations ' chief humanitarian affairs official , John Holmes . Briefing the media Monday at U.N. headquarters in New York , Holmes said that the Sri Lankan government showed "  good progress in some important areas " but said there are "  plenty of problems still to resolve . " Holmes is freshly returned from a three-day trip to Sri Lanka where he met with government officials and war refugees to reassess that government 's efforts towards resettling the estimated 280,000 civilians that have been held in internment camps there since the final stages of Sri Lanka 's civil war . The Sri Lankan government had previously promised to release all of its internally displaced people  IDPs  from the camps within a 180-day window after the end of the war in May , but missed its deadline earlier this month . It has now set a deadline of January 2010 for full resettlement . Holmes reported that despite a late start , the release of IDPs from the camps is now occurring at a faster pace . "  If people can move freely in and out of camps , then the question of the speed of return becomes a little bit less critical , " he explained , noting that some refugees are now able to sign themselves in and out of the camps for a few days at a time , if not permanently . The refugee families allowed to return home have been promised relief packages including tin sheets for roofing from the Indian government and at least 25,000 rupees  US $ 218.30  from the United Nations ' refugee agency . Holmes anticipated that "  those needs will continue for at least six months , " adding that humanitarian organizations on the ground in Sri Lanka believe a residual caseload of 20,000 to 30,000 refugees will remain homeless in January . Holmes also expressed concern over the quality of the Sri Lankan government 's recent actions on the camps . "  We would have wanted more consultation with the IDPs themselves ; that 's in accordance with the guiding principles for how the internally displaced should be treated , " Holmes explained . He said that many of those released from the camps were returning to villages where their homes and possessions had been destroyed by acts of war and where sluggish efforts to remove landmines meant that paths were left perilous . "  But on other hand there is no disputing the general willingness of people to return and to endure what they have to endure in order to reestablish themselves , " he added . Since October 2008 , the Sri Lankan government has used internment camps to detain nearly 300,000 civilians during its civil war against the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam . While the Sri Lankan government justified its use of the camps as a way to protect civilians from landmines and Tamil separatists , its continued use of the camps after the end of the war in May have led some to accuse Sri Lanka of violating international humanitarian rights law . "  What we need to keep focusing on is accountability for violations for international human rights law for both sides during the conflict , " Holmes advised . "  We 're also very keen to encourage the process of political reconciliation , which is fundamental to make sure the opportunity posed by the end of the war is not missed . "	Returning refugee families are promised relief packages and $ 218 U.N. official sees "  good progress " by Sri Lankan government despite problems Sri Lankan government set January 2010 for full resettlement of refugees
CNN  -- It was 1981 , and Cindy Morgan was filming what she was told would be a half-live-action , half-cartoon for Walt Disney Pictures on a completely black movie set . The director , Steve Lisberger , came up to her and told her that she was going to be flying a "  solar sailer " ship , and at another point , she would cross a bridge -- two things that she did n't see in front of her . "  I asked him , ` What the hell is going on ? ' and he showed me these great Syd Mead graphics , " Morgan said . Mead , an industrial designer , was in charge of special effects for the movie , called "  Tron . " It would be the first time that an entire world was created with computer animation . Twenty-eight years later , the movie , which cost a reported $ 17 million to make , has spawned a sequel , "  Tron : Legacy , " with a much larger budget . What is it about this movie -- considered a box office flop at the time  it made $ 33 million , according to boxofficemojo.com  -- that made fans at the 2008 San Diego Comic-Con go wild to get a surprise look at "  Legacy " test footage ? Interest has certainly remained high through the years . "  Wherever I would go in the world , no matter what language they spoke , the word ` Tron ' would come up , " said Bruce Boxleitner , who played the character of Tron and returns in the sequel . "  The computer culture was just starting up when we did ` Tron . ' There was no internet , " said Jeff Bridges , star of both films . "  I think -LSB- the fans are -RSB- guys who were raised on video games , and have a fondness for it . " You could certainly say that iReporter David Fike has a fondness for the "  Tron " video game . "  Anytime I went anywhere with a ` Tron ' arcade game , I was begging my parents for quarters , " he said . Decades later , Fike owns an arcade console of his own , purchased at an auction . "  It had been in a Wal-Mart for most of its life and had some nicks and scratches , " he said . "  I 'm trying to restore the cabinet and get it as close as I can to making it look somewhat new . " And , of course , the movie has a special place in his heart . "  This was the first movie inside of a video game , so something sparked the imagination and fascinated me . It 's probably still my favorite movie of all time despite how badly people reflect on it now , " he said . Fike theorizes that , "  It was so different , and so ahead of its time that people just did n't get it . " Most people even somewhat familiar with the original movie remember the suits worn by characters inside the computer . "  The costumes were unbearable , there was no eating lunch in those things , " Morgan said . Even so , the original movie 's suits are a favorite among fans , no more so than iReporter Jay Maynard , who -- wearing the iconic suit -- gained fame online and on shows like "  Jimmy Kimmel Live " and "  Tosh .0 " as "  Tron Guy . " "  What got me interested at the time the original came out was that I had just begun working as a mainframe systems programmer , " Maynard said . "  I had always been interested in computers . This was the first time anyone tried showing what went on inside a computer . " Maynard is n't alone in being inspired by the movie in that way . At conventions , Morgan said she constantly encounters fans who got into computer programming because of "  Tron . " Fellow iReporter Joe Machos , a data processor at an insurance company at the time  not unlike one of the computer programs in the movie  , saw the movie on opening day , July 9 , 1982 . "  I left that theater , as one might say , rapt , " he said . "  It had taken me to another place . " He noted how , with its use of terms like RAM , "  rezzing , " and "  end of line , " it was far ahead of its time . "  It accurately predicted a future . We now have this thing called cyberspace . When you say that now , it resonates with people . " Machos also is a hard-core fan of all things Disney . During a trip to Disney 's Tomorrowland , he left a comment with a woman who worked there asking , "  Where 's ` Tron ? ' " According to Machos , she asked him , "  Was n't that a box office failure ? " Machos then pointed to an image from "  Fantasia " -- which did n't make a profit until more than 25 years after its release -- saying , "  That was , too . " iReport : A chat with the cast of "  Tron : Legacy " With the imminent release of the sequel , fans have been clamoring for a Blu-ray version of the original , which is quite difficult to find on DVD  Netflix 's spokesperson said that the 2002 anniversary release is on "  moratorium "  . According to Disney , earlier DVD releases are simply out of circulation and a Blu-ray version that Lisberger is personally overseeing will be available early next year . "  What I think Disney is doing is smart , " said Machos , who thinks it 's a good idea to re-establish "  Tron " for a new generation . He plans to be at the first midnight screening in costume . iReport : Jeff Bridges ' "  zen thing " in "  Tron : Legacy " Aside from the technological , early cyberpunk aspects of "  Tron " and other themes  Morgan sees a spiritual component to it ; both films have something of a religious subtext  , another explanation for its long-standing appeal is that the production design was unlike anything seen before . "  The recognizers , those giant staple looking things , I thought those were crazy cool , " said iReporter Steve Hungsberg . "  I saw the new movie being promoted at Comic-Con and I bought one of each of the recognizer toys there . I also got one for my son . The recognizer was by far the coolest . " Fike hopes that "  Tron : Legacy " will continue that tradition . "  I hope the disc battles are as epic as everyone that 's already seen it is saying . " Just before catching a sneak preview of the movie , Maynard said , "  Everything that I 've seen about the new film has impressed me immensely . " No matter the reason , there 's just something about "  Tron . " As Morgan put it , "  Technology was no longer something dull and dry , technology became magical . That 's the secret of ` Tron . ' "	Fan anticipation is high for "  Tron : Legacy " Computer programmers , gamers inspired by original film Original co-star says it made technology "  magical "
CNN  -- Philanthropist and billionaire businessman Ted Turner will receive 88 disease-free bison from Yellowstone National Park , Montana 's Department of Fish , Wildlife and Parks confirmed Tuesday . The bison , which were facing slaughter , will be transferred for breeding to Turner 's "  Green Ranch , " west of Bozeman , Montana , from a quarantine facility . "  The Green Ranch emerged as the best option we have for these bison right now , " said Ken McDonald , said the state agency 's wildlife bureau chief in Helena , Montana . "  It gives us time to evaluate the social and biological factors that will come into play as we begin to plan for the future of bison management in Montana . " For several years , the bison were quarantined and spared from slaughter after concerns about brucellosis disease , an infectious disease caused by contact with animals carrying the bacteria called brucella . All quarantined bison delivered to Turner 's property , along with 25 percent of their offspring , will be returned to the state wildlife agency at the conclusion of the agreement , which will last up to five years , the release said . Turner Enterprises ' Green Ranch proposal describes 12,000 acres of suitable habitat , excellent handling facilities , years of experience with bison and secure living space for the animals . The ranch also will participate in continued disease testing and monitoring conducted by state and federal officials , the release said . According to the Turner Enterprises Inc. . Web site , Turner , who founded CNN in 1980 , is the largest individual landowner in North America with an estimated 2 million acres . His Western properties consist of 15 ranches in seven states . His bison herd is about 50,000 animals , making it the largest private herd in the world , his Web site said .	Turner will get 88 disease-free bison to use for breeding Yellowstone bison had been quarantined after concerns about brucellosis Turner has 50,000 bison , making it the largest private herd in the world
Las Vegas  CNN  -- Tuesday night was fight night in Las Vegas . Seven Republican presidential candidates clashed sharply over issues such as illegal immigration , taxes and health care at a presidential debate in Nevada sponsored by CNN and the Western Republican Leadership Conference . But it was the three Republican front-runners -- former Godfather 's Pizza executive Herman Cain , former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney and Texas Gov Rick Perry -- who came under frequent attack . The long-standing bad blood between Romney and Perry boiled over in the debate 's first hour as the two GOP heavyweights traded harsh accusations and showed flashes of anger . Romney laughed in Perry 's face when the Texan criticized his rival for hiring illegal immigrants to work on his lawn , a controversy uncovered by The Boston Globe during Romney 's first presidential bid in 2008 . "  Mitt , you lose all of your standing , from my perspective , because you hired illegals in your home , and you knew about it for a year , " Perry said , turning straight to Romney . "  And the idea that you stand here before us and talk about that you 're strong on immigration is on its face the height of hypocrisy . " GOP debate takes negative turn When Romney tried to respond , Perry refused to let him answer . "  You get 30 seconds , " Romney said , looking to moderator Anderson Cooper . "  This is the way the rules work here , is that I get 60 seconds and then you get 30 seconds to respond . Right ? Anderson ? " Perry interrupted : "  And they want to hear you say that you knew you had illegals working at your ... " "  Would you please wait ? " a frustrated Romney shot back . "  Are you just going to keep talking ? " "  Yes , sir , " Perry said . An exasperated Romney tried to rise above the squabble . "  You have a problem with allowing someone to finish speaking , " Romney said . "  And I suggest that if you want to become president of the United States , you have got to let both people speak . So first , let me speak . " Romney fired back that Perry failed to secure the Texas border and again raised questions about his support for a law that granted in-state college tuition to the children of illegal immigrants . "  Texas has had 60 % increase in illegal immigrants in Texas , " Romney charged . "  If there 's someone who has a record as governor with regards to illegal immigration that does n't stand up to muster , it 's you , not me . " iReport : Give us your take on the candidates Perry 's debate performance was , by far , his feistiest to date . After surging to the top of Republican polls on joining the presidential race in August , Perry saw his standing slip among GOP voters after a series of lackluster debate showings . But it was not clear as the debate concluded Tuesday whether Perry 's aggressive tack would hurt him or help him . A seemingly Romney-friendly audience in Las Vegas booed when Perry turned up the heat , and after the debate , one of Romney 's senior advisers claimed that Perry only hurt himself by going so negative . "  Rick Perry came in to kill Mitt , but he killed himself , " Romney adviser Eric Fehrnstrom said in the post-debate spin room . Ray Sullivan , Perry 's communications director , claimed victory and called Romney a "  slick guy " who will "  change positions on a dime . " "  He is back to running again , " Sullivan said of Perry . "  This is a campaign that is in for the long haul . " Cain , meanwhile , was at the center of a pile-on as the debate began . His GOP rivals took turns picking apart his "  9-9-9 " plan to reform the United States tax code . The plan would throw out the current tax system and implement a 9 % corporate income tax rate , a 9 % income tax rate and a 9 % national sales tax . Truth Squad : Fact checking the GOP debate The other six Republicans on stage -- who have watched Cain soar to the top of the polls in recent weeks thanks to his straightforward message and outsider image -- were united in calling the tax plan simplistic and risky . "  There are much more complexities than Herman lets on , " said former House Speaker Newt Gingrich . Texas Rep. Ron Paul called the plan "  dangerous " and said it would increase taxes on low-income citizens . Perry told Cain that voters "  are not interested in 9-9-9 ; what they are interested in is flatter and fairer . " "  I will bump plans with you , brother , and we will see who has the best idea about getting this country working again , " Perry said . "  It 's not going to fly . " Romney said Cain 's plan would add federal taxes on top of state taxes . Cain said his plan would not raise taxes on poor people and said his opponents were misrepresenting his plan . "  The reason my plan is being attacked so much is the lobbyists accountants and politicians . They do n't want to throw out current tax code and replace with something that 's simple and fair , " Cain responded . The former businessman also stumbled when the debate turned to topics like immigration and foreign policy . Just hours after telling CNN 's Wolf Blitzer that he would consider negotiating a prisoner swap with al Qaeda , Cain denied that he had said any such thing . He changed his answer after the debate in a follow-up interview with Cooper and said he would not negotiate with terrorists . "  I misspoke , " Cain said . "  Because I did n't , you know , things are moving so fast , I misspoke . I would not do that . I simply would not do that . " They were joined on the stage in Las Vegas by former Pennsylvania Sen. Rick Santorum and Minnesota Rep. Michele Bachmann , who also attacked the Cain plan . Former Utah Gov. Jon Huntsman chose to boycott the debate because of a dispute between Nevada and New Hampshire over the GOP primary calendar . Huntsman is staking his campaign on a win in New Hampshire and held a town hall there Tuesday night instead . That left more time for the rest of the field to make their cases -- and to take aim at the front-runners . Santorum called into doubt Romney 's credibility on the matter of repealing President Barack Obama 's health care plan because Romney passed a similar plan in Massachusetts . "  You just do n't have credibility , Mitt , when it comes to repealing Obamacare , " Santorum said . "  You are -- you are -- your plan was the basis for Obamacare . Your consultants helped Obama craft Obamacare . And to say that you 're going to repeal it , you just -- you have no track record on that that -- that we can trust you that you 're going to do that . " The exchange rapidly descended into a shouting match as Santorum refused to let Romney respond . Eventually , Romney said he would "  absolutely not " impose his Massachusetts plan on the rest of the country . Bachmann , meanwhile , took aim at the Cain tax plan and said it would create a de facto value added tax . But she repeatedly tried to refocus the debate on Obama instead of her GOP opponents . "  We need to repeal Obamacare , repeal the Jobs and Housing Destruction Act known as Dodd-Frank , " she said . "  President Obama 's plan has been a plan for destruction for this economy and failure . I plan to change that . " The candidates were also asked about Robert Jeffress , the controversial Baptist pastor and Perry supporter who recently said the Jesus Christ Church of Latter-day Saints is a "  cult . " They seemed to agree that while a candidate 's religion is a legitimate topic in a campaign , the freedom to worship as one chooses is enshrined in the Constitution . "  The concept that we select people based on the church or the synagogue they go to , I think , is a very dangerous and enormous departure from the principles of our Constitution , " Romney said . Perry , asked if he would repudiate the Jeffress comments , said he already had . "  I said I did not agree with Pastor Jeffress ' remarks , " he said . "  I do n't agree with them . I ca n't apologize any more than that . " Romney accepted the answer . "  That 's fine , " he said . CNN 's Kevin Bohn contributed to this report .	Seven of the top GOP presidential candidates faced off in Las Vegas Jon Huntsman decided to boycott Nevada and instead will campaign in New Hampshire Front-runners Cain , Romney and Perry came under frequent attack Romney and Perry trade sharp accusations
CNN  -- A federal jury convicted a California man Monday in a case in which prosecutors say he convinced a woman to bomb a federal courthouse so he could turn her and others involved the scheme in to authorities , and collect reward money . Donny Love was found guilty on 10 charges , including the use of a weapon of mass destruction , for the role he played in the May 4 , 2008 , attack on San Diego 's Edward J. Schwartz Federal Courthouse . No one was injured in the blast that damaged the building 's front lobby , shattered a glass door and broke a window in a building across the street . Love could face between 30 years and life in prison , said Assistant U.S. Attorney Fred Sheppard . During the two-week trial , prosecutors painted Love as the mastermind behind the blast . He directed two others , Rachelle Lynette Carlock and Ella Louise Sanders to purchase explosive powder and to steal bomb-making materials , they said . Carlock was an on-again , off-again girlfriend to Love , said Sheppard . According to testimony , Carlock and Eric Reginald Robinson then drove from Love 's house to San Diego with a backpack , containing three pipe bombs . Carlock detonated the bombs at the front doors of the courthouse , prosecutors said . Carlock , Sanders and Robinson were charged and each previously pleaded guilty for their parts in the plan . At the time of the bombing , Love was in "  dire financial straits , " prosecutors said , and faced jail time stemming from two pending criminal cases . "  The evidence showed that he directed the May 4 , 2008 , bombing for the purpose of obtaining reward money and a break on his state charges by providing information about the bombing to law enforcement , " prosecutors said in a statement . "  The success of this fraudulent scheme required that he provide false and misleading information about the bombing and induce others to do the same in order to conceal his own involvement and collect a reward and other benefits from the government , " they continued . Love 's attorney , Robert Boyce , said it was too early to know whether his client would appeal . "  The jury made a decision and they disagreed with us , " he said .	Donny Love was found guilty of the use of a weapon of mass destruction Prosecutors consider him the mastermind behind the federal courthouse bombing No one was injured in the blast Three other people were previously charged and pleaded guilty in connection to the case
CNN  -- A 17-year-old male has been arrested in connection with a shooting last week at a nightclub where 15 people were wounded , Miami police said . By Florida law , the suspect initially will be charged as a juvenile . He will face one charge of attempted first-degree murder and 14 counts of aggravated assault with a firearm , police said . Prosecutors will weigh whether to charge him later as an adult . Miami Police Chief Manuel Orosa said the suspect "  decided to take retribution against the individual who apparently fought with his friend " at a high school . That victim remains in critical condition at Jackson Memorial Hospital . Orosa said he had been shot in the abdomen and was still having stomach issues . None of the other victims , who range in age from 11 to 25 , is still hospitalized . The shooting occurred on the morning of September 28 at a Miami restaurant/nightclub called The Spot . The manager was arrested last week and accused of selling liquor without a license , and The Spot was licensed as a restaurant and not as a nightclub , CNN affiliate WSVN reported . Orosa said the investigation is ongoing because two types of bullet casings were found at the scene and investigators are still trying to locate the getaway car and driver . Several people identified the suspect as the shooter , the chief said . The suspect has been previously arrested on a marijuana possession charge and for obstructing a police officer , Orosa added . CNN affiliate WPLG reported last week that a large party was being held when shooting broke out . Witnesses told police they heard about 100 gunshots , WPLG reported . Capt. Ignatius Carroll of Miami Fire Rescue said the scene was chaotic when emergency medical personnel arrived . Wounded people were found inside the club and on the sidewalk , he said . "  We understand there was a gathering taking place at some sort of little nightclub , " he said . "  We had a large crowd . " With so many wounded people , emergency responders had to treat some victims on the sidewalk . CNN 's Ralph Ellis and Dave Alsup contributed to this report .	The suspect initially will face charges as a juvenile Police say he went to a Miami restaurant in search of a boy who fought one of his friends The suspect shot him in the stomach and he remains in critical condition , police say Detectives found two types of shell casings so investigation goes on
CNN  -- Country singer Randy Travis remained under heavy sedation and in critical condition Friday , two days after surgery relieved pressure on his brain after a stroke , his publicist said . "  His family continues to ask for prayers and support , " publicist Kirt Webster said in a statement . His stroke was "  a complication of his congestive heart failure " for which he is being treated at The Heart Hospital at Baylor Plano in Texas , Webster said . The singer was initially hospitalized Sunday at Baylor Medical Center at McKinney , Texas , with a presumptive cardiomyopathy and congestive heart failure . Travis , 54 , was transferred to The Heart Hospital at Baylor Plano in Texas on Monday . Travis ' illness is related to his "  recently acquired viral cardiomyopathy , " one of his doctors said . Viral cardiomyopathy is a disorder where a virus attacks the muscles of the heart , causing the heart to beat slower , according to the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention 's website . In some cases , the heart can stop , it said . Opinion : Randy Travis taught me country Travis had a tough year in 2012 with arrests for assault and public intoxication , which earned him probation . Travis was at the forefront of the "  New Traditionalist " movement in the 1980s and 1990s , but he faded as the '90s wore on . He made a comeback after turning to gospel music in 1999 . His song "  Three Wooden Crosses " won song of the year in 2003 from both the Country Music Association and the Academy of Country Music .	Randy Travis ' family asks for prayers , support two days after his brain surgery Surgery relieved pressure on his brain after a stroke Stroke was a complication of his congestive heart failure
CNN  -- Petrol bombs and stones were thrown at police protecting a gay pride march Sunday in Belgrade , the capital of Serbia , an interior ministry representative told CNN . About 40 police officers were injured , and about 60 people were arrested , the ministry 's Suzana Vasiljevic told CNN . None of the marchers were injured . Interior Minister Ivica Dacic had urged people to allow the march to go ahead without incident , Serbia 's Tanjug news agency reported Saturday . "  It is very important that the event , which might be disagreeable to most of Serbia 's citizens , goes by without incidents , " Dacic said in Belgrade . A gay pride march in 2001 -- thought to be the country 's first -- was attacked , resulting in some injuries . Last year 's march was canceled due to security concerns after a wave of anti-gay graffiti appeared before the event , news reports at the time said . About 1,000 people participated in this year 's march , guarded by close to 5,000 police officers , Vasiljevic said . A number of streets were closed for the event , and international diplomats were scheduled to observe it , according to the interior ministry . CNN 's Bharati Naik contributed to this report .	NEW : About 1,000 people marched , protected by nearly 5,000 officers Interior ministry : About 40 police officers were injured , and about 60 people were arrested A gay pride march came under attack in Belgrade in 2001
Editor 's note : The staff at CNN.com has been intrigued by the journalism of VICE , an independent media company and Web site based in Brooklyn , New York . The reports , which are produced solely by VICE , reflect a very transparent approach to journalism , where viewers are taken along on every step of the reporting process . We believe this unique reporting approach is worthy of sharing with our CNN.com readers . Brooklyn , New York  VICE  -- "  You know , it 's weird , man . It 's like everybody 's real cordial with each other . But , at the end of the day , we 're , like , buying weapons to destroy each other . I do n't want to , like , sound too liberal or anything . But it 's really not glamorous . This s *** f ***** kills people . " Shockingly , the guy who said this was n't some antiwar hippie who had just dropped acid . He was a 6 ' 4 " Marine Corps Force Recon sergeant who had recently returned from two tours in Afghanistan . We were both attendees at the 2010 Special Operations Forces Exhibition  SOFEX  in Jordan . His reaction was prompted by the trade-show floor -- a sea of displays and kiosks from weapons companies hawking missiles , machine guns , tanks , and bombs like they were next year 's luxury sedans . Even more unsettling , the biggest dealers were from the U.S. . When I was a young punk kid , it was fashionable to say things like , "  The military-industrial complex is taking over the world . " At the time , I did n't know what "  military-industrial complex " meant , but the conference rapidly provided me with a very literal definition of the term . SOFEX takes place every two years in Amman , and is largely the brainchild of Jordan 's King Abdullah II , who has a penchant for special operations and massive displays of artillery . Over the course of a week , more than 12,000 attendees tromped through massive tents housing hundreds of arms manufacturers . The atmosphere was insidious but open , an organized free-for-all in which American companies like Northrop Grumman , Boeing , and General Dynamics sold weapons to almost any nation that could afford them . See the rest of SOFEX : The Business of War at VICE.COM I 've been to hundreds of depressing media trade shows , and SOFEX 's salespeople are no different from the rest , except that their wares are designed to destroy things and kill people . I witnessed representatives from almost every nation spending millions of dollars on heavy munitions . I was wondering if the transactions were padded by foreign aid from the U.S. and other countries . I heard high-ranking soldiers say things like , "  When I retire I 'm going to be on the other side of the table -- ha ha ha ha . " What this means is that it 's not uncommon for generals with government-controlled salaries around $ 100,000 a year to spend the twilight of their careers purchasing billions worth of munitions from arms companies who , in turn , offer these same senior officers state-side "  consulting " gigs with multimillion-dollar salaries . It 's blatant payola , the whole thing so corrupt it borders on absurd . Absurdity , as it turned out , was a running theme of the conference .	VICE goes inside a huge biennial weapons convention in Amman , Jordan Over a week , 12,000 attendees peruse tents housing hundreds of arms manufacturers Missiles , machine guns , tanks , and bombs are among the wares for sale
Washington  CNN  Julia Pierson , the first female director of the Secret Service , resigned Wednesday in the aftermath of a fence-jumper gaining access to the White House on September 19 and a subsequent congressional inquiry uncovering other security lapses . Homeland Security Director Jeh Johnson announced the resignation in a statement . He also announced that the Department of Homeland Security would take over an internal inquiry of the Secret Service and that he would appoint of a new panel to review security at the White House . Joseph Clancy , formerly a special agent in charge of the Presidential Protective Division of the Secret Service , was named interim director , Johnson said in his statement . Calls for Pierson to leave her post grew after a poor performance during her testimony Tuesday on Capitol Hill and another bombshell revelation the same day that an armed security contractor was allowed to get into an elevator with the President during a recent trip to the Centers for Disease Control in Atlanta . Even some high-ranking Democrats had turned against Pierson , who was in the job for less than two years . In an interview on Wednesday , Rep. Elijah Cummings , the top Democrat on the House Oversight Committee , where Tuesday 's hearing took place , said he thought Pierson -- who he referred to as "  this lady " -- "  has to go . " The Maryland congressman reiterated this stance in an interview with CNN 's Wolf Blitzer . "  I want her to go if she can not restore trust in the agency and if she can not get the culture back in order , " he said . Secret Service director testimony omits elevator incident with Obama And New York 's Chuck Schumer , the third-ranking Democrat in the Senate , had announced he would call for Pierson 's resignation on Wednesday as well , though that was later canceled . Republicans also had called for Pierson to step down . "  It 's clear to me that the only way to solve the problem the Secret Service has is with new leadership , " Sen. Lindsey Graham of South Carolina said . "  What Julia Pierson describes as mistakes are major security failures on multiple fronts . " Graham said light security around Obama is "  the worst possible signal to send to terrorists and our enemies around the world . " After news of her resignation broke , lawmakers praised her decision to step down . "  The agency tasked with protecting the highest office in our land should be the crown jewel of federal law enforcement , " Rep. Jason Chaffetz , who sits on the Oversight Committee , said in a statement Wednesday afternoon . "  I will work with my colleagues and the Administration towards returning the agency back to the standards the President deserves . " News of Pierson 's resignation came as new information about the fence-jumper came to light . Omar Gonzalez , 42 , pleaded not guilty to federal and District of Columbia charges on Wednesday . A federal judge in Washington ordered additional mental testing on the 42-year-old Iraq war veteran to determine whether he is competent to stand trial . Fence jumper made it into East Room of White House Meanwhile , the inquiry continues into how the Army veteran launched over the fence and was able to sprint up to the front door , burst into the White House and run into the ornate East Room . Neither President Barack Obama nor the first family were at home at the time of the incident . But a Secret Service source told CNN there is an elaborate closed-circuit video system , and that video is being dissected to establish new protocols . When Gonzalez burst through the White House door , he pushed a female officer to the side . But the source said , "  Gender was not a factor , she got one door secured but was pushed over while trying to get second door shut . " An alarm box had been turned down near the front door after complaints by the White House usher 's office that it was too loud . A canine unit was not released to chase Gonzalez , said the source , because there were "  too many friendlies around . " Secret Service vague with details to federal court following fence-jumper arrest Pierson was named the director of the U.S. Secret Service in March 2013 , tapped by Obama to change the culture of an agency that was then marred by a Colombian prostitution scandal . Several male agents in an advance contingent before a presidential trip to Cartagena , Colombia , had taken prostitutes back to their hotel rooms , according to investigations after the trip . A morning-after dispute between one agent and a woman over payment led to exposure of what happened and the ensuing investigations . Nine agents eventually left or lost their jobs Pierson became the Secret Service 's chief of staff in 2008 . Before that , she served on the protective details of Presidents George H.W. Bush , Bill Clinton and George W. Bush . She had been the assistant director of the agency 's Office of Human Resources and Training , and held the title of deputy assistant director in the Office of Protective Operations and the Office of Administration . Who is Julia Pierson ? Pierson started her career in law enforcement as a police officer in Orlando , Florida . She joined the Secret Service in 1983 , working in the Miami and Orlando field offices . Johnson made sure to praise the overall work of the Secret Service when he announced Pierson 's resignation . "  It is worth repeating that the Secret Service is one of the finest official protection services in the world , consisting of men and women who are highly trained and skilled professionals prepared to put their own lives on the line in a second 's notice for the people they protect . " Opinion : Can the Secret Service actually change ?	Pierson resigned after inquiry into fence-jumper uncovered another security lapse An unscreened , armed man recently got close to the President The private security contractor was in an elevator with Obama during a visit to the CDC Pierson was the first woman to be Secret Service director
CHARLESTON , South Carolina  CNN  -- Tropical storm Cristobal was forecast to move "  parallel and very close " to the North Carolina coast Sunday morning , but the storm is not expected to make landfall along the eastern U.S. shores . Satellite image taken at 1:15 p.m. Saturday shows Tropical Storm Cristobal off the coast of the Carolinas . At 11 p.m. ET Saturday , the center of the storm was about 45 miles southeast of Cape Fear , North Carolina , and about 170 miles southwest of Cape Hatteras , North Carolina . The National Hurricane Center said Cristobal was moving northeast at about 6 mph , with maximum sustained winds of about 45 mph and some higher gusts . "  The center of the tropical storm is expected to move parallel and very close to the coast of North Carolina for the next day or so , " the NHC said . It is expected to dump between three and five inches of rain along the Carolina coast this weekend , it said . The storm had not strengthened beyond the 45 mph top winds measured earlier on Saturday , according to the NHC . A discussion posted online by NHC forecasters called Cristobal "  convectively challenged " and predicted the storm would "  become absorbed ahead of an approaching cold front " by late Monday . Although the center of the storm was forecast to remain off the coast through the weekend , tropical storm warnings were in effect from the South Santee River in South Carolina to the North Carolina-Virginia state line , including Pamlico Sound . Flood advisories were posted for coastal counties , and Wilmington , North Carolina , received 2 1/2 inches of rain Saturday , said Stephen Keebler , a meteorologist at the National Weather Service there . Cristobal 's winds were not expected to be a problem , Keebler said . "  It 's some rain and a little bit of relief for the coastal areas and a lot of excitement , but that 's about it , " he said . The rain bands were weakening as they spun farther inland , providing little relief for parched areas near Interstate 95 in North Carolina , he said . Forecasters predicted up to 5 inches of rain along the North Carolina coast , with heavier amounts in some areas . Eastern North Carolina is under a moderate drought , and areas along South Carolina 's northern coast are considered abnormally dry , according to the U.S. Drought Monitor . Officials have blamed the persistent drought for a massive wildfire that has burned more than 40,000 acres in eastern North Carolina since it began June 1 with a lightning strike . As Cristobal lurked offshore , the storm was keeping many boaters off the waters -- and surfers in the waves . On North Carolina 's Outer Banks , surfers reveled in the waves as the storm churned offshore well to the south . Bradley Rose , a surf instructor at SandBarz in Carolina Beach , North Carolina , said the waves were a bit choppy . "  It looks pretty fun out there , " Rose said . At the By the Sea Motel in North Myrtle Beach , South Carolina , out-of-state vacationers took to the beach , trying to photograph the outer rain bands of Cristobal , hotel manager Charlie Peterson said . Intermittent rain showers during the afternoon were not enough to chase them away , and there were even brief moments of sunshine . "  They 've got their cameras set , and they think there is going to be lightning over the water and all , " he said . "  They have never seen this . " Elsewhere Saturday , Hurricane Fausto strengthened far off Mexico 's Pacific coast , while Hurricane Bertha , located east of Cape Race , Newfoundland , was downgraded to tropical storm status . Neither of those storms currently threatens land . Bertha had blustered across Bermuda this week , knocking out electricity to thousands there .	Tropical Storm Cristobal "  very close " to North Carolina coast Storm expected to dump three to five inches of rain along coast Cristobal evolved Saturday from a tropical depression on Friday
Beirut , Lebanon  CNN  -- At least four people were killed and 77 injured when a car bomb exploded in a residential neighborhood in southern Beirut on Thursday , Lebanon 's state-run National News Agency reported . The explosion caused significant damage , Lebanese broadcaster Al Manar TV said . Video from Al Manar showed people gathered around smoking cars , and others bringing hoses to put out the flames . Thick clouds of dust rose as buildings collapsed after the blast . The district , Haret Hreik , is known as a Hezbollah stronghold . The blast was strong enough to be felt in nearby neighborhoods of the capital , NNA reported . A source with knowledge of the security situation told CNN that the car bomb exploded near Al-Jawad restaurant , about 50 meters  55 yards  from a building used by Hezbollah . There has not yet been any claim of responsibility for the blast . Lebanon 's armed forces , in a statement published by NNA , urged people not to gather in the area in case of further explosions . Experts are gathering forensic evidence from the scene , the statement said . The explosion comes less than a week after a car bomb exploded in downtown Beirut , killing half a dozen people and injuring dozens . Among those killed in that blast was Mohamad Chatah , a former Lebanese finance minister and ambassador to the United States . He was an outspoken critic of Hezbollah and the Syrian regime . Hezbollah , a Lebanese-based , Iranian-backed Shiite militia that is better equipped than Lebanon 's army , has been supporting government forces in neighboring Syria 's civil war . This has led to increased tensions in Lebanon , where sectarian divisions reflect those in Syria . ` Opened the doors of hell ' Outgoing Prime Minister Najib Mikati warned that worse is to come if the Lebanese people do n't overcome their political differences and engage in dialogue , NNA said . A member of the Future Bloc , a political group opposed to Hezbollah , condemned the bombing . Hezbollah 's involvement in the Syrian crisis has "  opened the doors of hell to Lebanon , " said Ammar Houry , quoted by NNA . Syrian Information Minister Omran al-Zoubi condemned the bombing , which he labeled a "  terrorist act , " Syrian state news agency SANA reported . In an online statement , Derek Plumbly , the U.N. special coordinator for Lebanon , expressed his "  outrage that this is the fourth bomb to have exploded in Beirut 's southern suburbs since July . " "  It is deeply distressing to have to condemn yet another appalling act of terrorism , the latest in the number which have killed and injured so many innocent people in this country , " he said . Plumbly called for those responsible to be held accountable . Car bombs in the same area of Beirut in July and August killed dozens and injured hundreds . And in November , a suicide bomb attack outside the Iranian Embassy , close to the neighborhood where Thursday 's attack occurred , killed two dozen people and injured about 150 . Earlier this week , Lebanese state media reported that Saudi Arabia had pledged $ 3 billion to strengthen the Lebanese army . The money will allow Lebanon 's armed forces to buy weapons from France . It 's been seen as a move to counter the strength of Hezbollah , but many analysts are doubtful because of the time it will take to equip and train the Lebanese armed forces , in a period when tensions and violence are increasing day by day . Hezbollah still enjoys wide backing in Lebanon , but some groups have been angered by its support for Syrian President Bashar al-Assad 's forces . ` Proxy war ' Beirut-based Middle East analyst Rami Khouri told CNN the recent surge in violence in Lebanon was part of larger , regional turmoil . "  We are seeing the greatest proxy war of modern times playing itself out in Lebanon and Syria and Iraq , that have now become really one battlefield in which two great ideological camps are fighting to the death like gladiators , " he said . Political divisions and ideological tensions in Lebanon go back several decades , Khouri said , but they have been reinforced by the emergence of radical Islamist terrorist groups , linked to al Qaeda , following the U.S.-led invasion of Iraq . The situation has been aggravated by the civil war raging on Lebanon 's doorstep in Syria , Khouri said , but that is not its cause . It 's not clear who is behind the bombings , he said , adding that the violence is not from ordinary Sunnis and Shiites attacking each other , but a more complex picture of extremist ideologies . Hezbollah was designated as a terrorist group by the United States in 1995 "  for a long history of terrorist attacks against American citizens and officials , including the bombing of the U.S. Embassy and Marine barracks in Lebanon during the 1980s , " the U.S. State Department website says . The U.N.-backed Special Tribunal for Lebanon is due to begin the trial this month of four Hezbollah suspects in the 2005 assassination of former Lebanese Prime Minister Rafik Hariri . He was also killed in a car bomb attack . CNN 's Mohammed Jamjoom reported from Beirut and Laura Smith-Spark wrote in London . CNN 's Nic Robertson , Mohammed Tawfeeq and Larry Register contributed to this report .	NEW : At least four people are killed and 77 injured in a large blast in Beirut , state media say U.N. representative in Lebanon condemns "  yet another appalling act of terrorism " The neighborhood hit by the car bomb is known as a Hezbollah stronghold Tensions are rising in Lebanon ; many are angered by Hezbollah 's role in Syria 's conflict
CNN  -- Former U.S. President Jimmy Carter and three other former heads of state arrived in North Korea Tuesday , as part of the latest diplomatic effort to restart talks between the North and South , state media reported . Carter is traveling with former presidents Martti Ahtisaari of Finland and Mary Robinson of Ireland , and former Norwegian Prime Minister Gro Brundtland . The group is collectively known as "  The Elders " -- an independent group of global leaders founded by former South African President Nelson Mandela . "  At a time when official dialogue with the Democratic People 's Republic of Korea appears to be at a standstill , we aim to see how we may be of assistance in reducing tensions and help the parties address key issues including denuclearization , " Carter said Monday from Beijing , where he met with Chinese officials . The Elders expect to meet with ailing North Korean leader Kim Jong Il , along with other senior officials and diplomats . They are going to Pyongyang at the invitation of the North Korean government , Carter said "  Clearly there is a great level of mistrust and suspicion between North and South Korea , " Ahtisaari said . "  But the stakes are too high to allow this stand-off to continue . " The Elders are scheduled to spend three days in Pyongyang , before flying to Seoul Thursday where they will meet with South Korean officials . Tensions between North Korea and the West have spiked in recent years due in part to concerns over Pyongyang 's nuclear development program . The United States and South Korea held joint military drills in February , despite North Korea 's warning to the South not to carry out the drills , calling them a provocation . South Korea accuses the North of torpedoing and sinking one of its warships in March 2010 , killing 46 sailors . In November , North Korea shelled Yeonpyeong Island , killing two South Korean marines and two civilians . Carter has a long history of dealing with North Korea . His 1994 talks with the late Kim Il Sung , Kim Jong Il 's father , paved the way for the "  Agreed Framework " the same year -- an agreement designed to rein in Pyongyang 's nuclear ambitions . North Korea has detained several Americans in recent years , increasing tension levels in what is already a rocky relationship between Pyongyang and Washington . In August , Carter helped secure the release of Aijalon Mahli Gomes , a U.S. citizen who had been fined roughly $ 600,000 and sentenced to eight years of hard labor for crossing over the Chinese border into North Korea . Gomes , who attempted to commit suicide while in North Korean custody , was believed to be a Christian activist . Earlier this month , North Korea reported through state-run news agency KCNA that it had arrested U.S. citizen Jun Young Su last year for "  committing a crime " against the reclusive nation . KCNA did not provide details on the nature of the alleged crime . Two State Department officials , speaking on condition of not being identified , previously told CNN that the man is a Korean-American businessman . One of the sources said the businessman had a visa to enter North Korea . It was not known how Carter 's visit might affect his detention . Two American journalists -- Laura Ling and Euna Lee , who had entered North Korea in March 2009 and were arrested and sentenced to 12 years hard labor -- were released in August 2009 after an intervention by former U.S. President Bill Clinton .	Tensions between North Korea and the West have spiked in recent years Pyongyang 's nuclear development program has been a source of concern South Korea accuses the North of torpedoing and sinking one of its warships The Elders expect to meet with ailing North Korean leader Kim Jong Il
A woman accused of driving a minivan into the Atlantic Ocean with her three children in Florida was arrested Friday on three counts of attempted first-degree murder , Volusia County Sheriff Ben Johnson said . Investigators say they think Ebony Wilkerson was trying to kill her children -- ages 3 , 9 and 10 -- when she drove into the surf Tuesday in Daytona Beach , Johnson said . "  She actually told them to close their eyes and go to sleep , she was taking them to a better place , " he said . Bystanders and beach rangers went into the water and rescued the children , witnesses and police said . Wilkerson tried to keep rescuers from pulling her children from the minivan and at one point was fighting her son for control of the steering wheel , Johnson said . Johnson said Wilkerson told investigators she was trying to drive out of the surf , not into it , and has denied trying to harm her children . Tim Tesseneer was driving along Daytona Beach on Tuesday with his wife when they noticed the minivan driving through shallow water . They heard the screams , he said , of two children , who were crying and waving for help out of one of the rear windows . Tesseneer threw the car in park and raced over to help . One child was screaming , Tesseneer recalled Wednesday to CNN 's Piers Morgan . " ` Please help us , our mom is trying to kill us . ' " The other child he could see was wrestling a woman for the steering wheel . But the woman just kept saying , " ` We 're OK . We 're OK . We 're OK , ' " as another man joined Tesseneer trying to get the driver to stop . With the minivan in the cold , heavy surf of the Atlantic , the second man , Stacy Robinson , opened a door and pulled out the two panicked children . There was a good chance if he and Tesseneer had n't been there , the children , ages 10 and 9 , would have drowned inside the van as it pitched in the water , officials said . Another child , a 3-year-old girl , was strapped in a car seat . A lifeguard dived in through a front window and unbuckled the child and handed her to another lifeguard as the vehicle bobbed in water about 3 feet deep . The mother just walked away , Tesseneer said , silent with a strange , almost "  possessed " look on her face . While there is no evidence that drugs or alcohol were involved , Johnson said one goal of charging her was to make sure she gets help for any possible mental issues . "  This is a tragic event . And our goal is to get her into the system so that we can protect the children and take whatever action we need to help her , too , " he said . Wilkerson also is being held on three counts of aggravated child abuse , Johnson said . She has not yet requested an attorney , he said .	"  She actually told them to close their eyes and go to sleep , " sheriff says Ebony Wilkerson is charged with three counts of attempted first-degree murder She 's also charged with three counts of aggravated child abuse Witnesses say she drove into surf , struggled with rescuers trying to free her children
Hong Kong  CNN  -- North Korean rockets blasting across the sky . Soldiers marching in high-step unison in Pyongyang parades . Broadcasts praising leader Kim Jong Un while putting down the United States as the country 's mortal enemy . These images of North Korea from state media portray a proud , strong and self-reliant country . But behind the propaganda and beyond the capital of Pyongyang is the harsher reality of poverty , hunger and desperation , defectors say . "  My family had decided to commit suicide because for three days we did n't have anything to eat , " said one North Korean female defector to ITN in Seoul . "  We decided to starve to death . We said let 's die . But then I wanted to survive . I sold the house for 30 kilos of rice . " She escaped North Korea shortly after leader Kim Jong Un came to power last year -- her identity kept secret because she left family behind . "  To survive , I had to eat grass . People pick grass and leaves and use them to make soup , " said the defector who now lives in South Korea . Reports out of North Korea suggest food prices have tripled in the past year . More than 25 % of North Korean children under the age of five suffered from chronic malnutrition in 2012 , according to the National Nutrition Survey of North Korea , a report backed by UNICEF , the World Food Program and the World Health Organization . The report also found nearly one in three women suffered from anemia . As many as 3.5 million people are estimated to have died during North Korea 's severe famine of the 1990s , according to South Korean NGO Good Friends Center for Peace , Human Rights , and Refugees . Official North Korean numbers estimate 220,000 people died . "  One thing that struck me is just how empty this land looks . I 'm told that only about 20 % of North Korea is arable , " said CNN 's Stan Grant on a reporting trip to North Korea in April 2012 . "  And the people move so slowly out here . Sometimes you see someone ambling across a field carrying a hoe or holding a shovel . Other times you see children wandering by the side of the road . And sometimes even people just standing in an empty space looking out aimlessly . " Outside the capital , the poverty of the nation becomes palpable , says a tour operator who regularly leads groups into North Korea . "  The further you go from Pyongyang , people 's clothes get more simple . The people themselves are smaller , " said Simon Cockerell of Beijing-based Koryo Tours . "  Like for any developing country , the capital city is the best place to be . Wages are higher and people tend to be better off , " he said . "  But then we go out to second-tier cities -- Chongjin and Hamhung , North Korea 's second and third biggest cities -- and it 's clearly much drabber than Pyongyang . " Cockerell , who has been leading tour groups across North Korea for the past 11 years , also puts down the idea that everyone they meet is an actor . "  The frequency of the general public to say hello is increasing but still there is n't that much interaction . Communication does happen with younger people who have English fluency , older people or people who have been drinking , " he added . "  Quite often when you go to a park , people might come over and say hello . The degree of welcome is remarkable and it 's the sort of thing that people do n't expect . These people are humans too . "	Public images of North Korean power contrast with less-seen sights of poverty , hunger ` Family decided to commit suicide because of no food , ' says North Korean defector More than 1 in 4 North Korean children suffered from malnutrition in 2012 ` The farther from Pyongyang , the smaller the people are , ' says Koryo Tours guide
LONDON , England  CNN  -- British twins who had been separated at birth learned they were related only after they had become husband and wife , according to a senior British lawmaker . Former British MP David Alton says twins separated at birth went on to marry each other . Lord Alton of Liverpool told the House of Lords that a court annulled the union as soon as the twins ' true relationship became known . "  They were never told that they were twins , " he said during the December 10 debate on a law covering human fertility and embryology . They had been adopted by separate families and "  met later in life and felt an inevitable attraction , and the judge had to deal with the consequences of the marriage that they entered into and all the issues of their separation , " he said . No further details about the case were revealed by Lord Alton , and it is not known when the marriage took place or how long they were together before they discovered the truth . Adoption groups said Friday the case proved the need for openness and transparency during the adoption process . Mo O'Reilly , director of child placement for the British Association for Adoption and Fostering , said released a statement saying : "  Thirty or 40 years ago it would have been more likely that twins be separated and brought up without knowledge of each other . " However , she said , greater emphasis in recent years on ensuring adopted siblings stay in touch meant this "  traumatic " case will remain "  incredibly rare . " Daisy O'Clee , a spokeswoman for the agency , said that of more current concern is the lack of legislation surrounding fertility treatment . Under British law the parents of a donor-conceived child do not have to declare that fact on the child 's birth certificate , O'Clee told CNN . This means a child conceived with a donor sperm or egg may never know their true origin . Lawmakers will vote Tuesday on whether to pass a law covering human fertility and embryology that would relax the rules on who can have fertility treatment . O'Clee warned that in its present form the proposal does little to address the rights of donor-conceived children . "  The rights of donor children are being ignored , " she said .	Twins separated at birth went on to marry each other , a British lawmaker says The lawmaker told the House of Lords the pair did not know they were blood relatives He said the twins , adopted by separate parents , were given an annulment The claims were made during a debate on donor conception
A former boxer was arrested Wednesday in the 1987 murder of his manager after investigators developed a break in the case by using DNA evidence , Los Angeles police said . A fugitive task force from the FBI joined by local police arrested Exum Speight , 50 , in Los Angeles suburb of San Fernando , authorities said . He has been charged in a warrant with one count of murder in the March 29 , 1987 , death of boxing manager Douglas Stumler , Los Angeles police said . In 1996 , Speight fought Wladimir Klitschko , the current heavyweight champion of the world , police said . Speight 's attorney could n't be immediately reached for comment Wednesday . Los Angeles ' cold case detectives developed a break in the case after they screened potential forensic leads under a grant from National Institute of Justice 's "  Solving Cold Cases with DNA " program , authorities said . "  DNA evidence did play a key factor in this case getting solved , " the police said in a statement . Stumler was killed in his apartment in the west Los Angeles area and was discovered by a friend who checked on him after Stumler failed to report to his full-time job at the Los Angeles County Housing Authority , police said . Stumler held a side job as a boxing manager and was managing Speight as one of his boxers for about two years , police said . Stumler , a native of New Albany , Indiana , moved to Los Angeles after graduating from the University of Indiana about six years before his death , police said . Speight is scheduled to be arraigned on Thursday . Possible lead unearthed in Oakland County child killer case Man discovers he was n't kidnapped baby ; FBI reopens 49-year-old mystery	Exum Speight , 50 , is arrested in a Los Angeles suburb and faces murder charge His manager , Douglas Stumler , was found slain in his Los Angeles apartment in 1987 In 1996 , Speight fought boxer who is now the world heavyweight champ Police solve case under federal "  Solving Cold Cases with DNA " grant
Dakar , Senegal  CNN  -- In most of Africa , football reigns supreme among sports , but in Senegal wrestling challenges it for popularity . It provides entertainment and exercise , and offers young men dreams of fame and fortune . Wrestling 's popularity in Senegal makes it big business . For the sport 's superstars the rewards can be huge , with the biggest names earning up to $ 200,000 per contest . In a country where unemployment is pushing 50 % , some young men see it as a way out of poverty . Gris Bordeaux is a star in Senegal , a wrestling champion who also teaches at a wrestling school in the capital Dakar . He says wrestling is a mental , as well as physical , discipline and that reaching the top of his profession takes dedication . "  It 's all about making sacrifices , " says Bordeaux . "  It requires training and meditation ; your mindset is important . You have to educate yourself well . "  Not all wrestlers get to realize their dreams , because on the bigger level it is few that get to where I am . You need to be focused on the sport -- like over 5,000 wrestlers you will get only 10 that make it . " See also : Senegal island exposes horrors of the slave trade Bordeaux credits wrestling with changing his life , bringing him success and wealth . "  What I do know is that it has given me a lot of opportunities , " he says . "  It has opened doors for me because I am able to take care of myself and my family and especially to help the young people in the community . " It 's perhaps a desire to emulate the likes of Bordeaux -- as well as a desire to keep fit -- that motivates young Senegalese men to work out on the beaches of Dakar . Wrestlers fight to unite world 's newest nation Lacking the money to use a proper gym , some men have built a makeshift gym of their own . On the city 's public beaches they have set up workout benches , using whatever materials they can -- be it car tires or wheel rims loaded with rocks to make them heavier . Some of those training at Bordeaux 's school and pumping iron on the beach may one day make it onto the professional wrestling circuit , earning the right to wear the wrestler 's traditional pre-fight regalia . Bordeaux describes the costumes as art . He says : "  The way we dress is to show harmony -- we dress for the fight and we become different . When we wear the full attire for a fight , you wo n't recognize me ! "	Wrestling is hugely popular in the West African country of Senegal Star wrestlers can earn $ 200,000 per contest , and others want to emulate their success Wrestling legend Gris Bordeaux says the sport has allowed him to support his family
Jakarta , Indonesia  CNN  -- An Indonesian volcano has killed 240 people since it started erupting in October , officials said Saturday , a day after it spewed more hot ash and sent residents fleeing . More than 390,000 people have been displaced , according to the nation 's disaster coordination board . At least 162 people suffered severe burns , the board said on its website . Indonesia 's Mount Merapi started erupting on October 26 . On Friday , it spewed volcanic material for more than an hour . Merapi , which looms on the horizon north of the major city of Yogyakarta , is on the island of Java . Officials said Thursday the worst may be over , but a danger zone remains within a 20-kilometer  12.2-mile  radius of the volcano . Government experts have kept Merapi 's alert level at 4 , the highest . President Obama was forced to cut short his visit to Indonesia this week because of the volcano 's ash cloud . President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono has called the volcanic eruptions a crisis situation . Over the weekend , he and several ministers visited the area to oversee relief efforts . The volcano has a summit elevation of almost 3,000 meters  10,000 feet  . It is one of Indonesia 's most active volcanoes and lies in one of the world 's most densely populated areas . About 1,300 people died when the volcano erupted in 1930 . Many people continue to live in the shadow of the volcano , raising crops and livestock . The president has announced that residents will receive compensation for livelihoods and animals lost to the eruptions . The government will buy endangered cows on the volcano , Yudhoyono said . Many of those who live on its slopes risked their lives by staying or returning to feed their cows during lulls in the volcanic activity . CNN 's Andy Saputra contributed to this report .	At least 162 people suffer severe burns Mount Merapi started erupting on October 26 Officials say almost 400,000 people have fled their homes The worst may be over , authorities say , but a danger zone remains
Washington  CNN  -- A top military official at Walter Reed Army Medical Center has been relieved of duty and charged with knowingly falsifying his personnel records . Command Sgt. Maj. Stoney Crump , the senior enlisted officer for the Medical Center Brigade , had the "  intent to deceive " when he submitted a false official record incorrectly stating that he had attended several military educational courses , according to the Army charge sheet . Among the courses he is alleged to have attended were Reconnaissance School , Sniper School , ; Drill Sergeant Course , ; U.S. Army Ranger School and several Special Forces schools and courses , the Army charge sheet says . Crump is also charged with falsely stating in a biography he was a registered nurse . Other charges say he knowingly wore up to fifteen service ribbons and awards he was not entitled to wear , including a Marine Corps Combat Action ribbon and a Presidential Unit Citation , which is awarded for an extremely meritorious or heroic act , usually in the face of an armed enemy . In 13 separate counts , Crump is charged under two different sections of the Uniform Code of Military Justice . This opens the door to a possible court martial proceeding . The alleged falsification of his records and biography date back to 2007 when Crump was stationed in Germany and has continued until April of this year , according to the charge sheet . As the top enlisted soldier assigned to the Walter Reed medical brigade , Crump would have had continuous contact with wounded troops at the hospital who have won numerous medals and awards in the combat zone .	Medical brigade 's senior enlisted officer claims to have attended several educational courses Sgt. Maj. Stoney Crump may face court martial Crump is also charged with wearing as many as 15 service ribbons he is n't entitled to wear
