CNN  -- Barcelona and Manchester United are on course to meet again in the money-spinning European Champions League final after they avoided each other in the draw for the last eight . Josep Guardiola 's reigning champions Barca will face English Premier League side Arsenal in the quarterfinals -- a repeat of the 2006 final which the Spanish club won 2-1 . French striker Thierry Henry played for Arsenal in that game but has since joined Barca . Henry remains Arsenal 's all-time leading goalscorer . The draw for the quarterfinals of the tournament took place at the headquarters of European football 's governing body  UEFA  in Nyon , Switzerland where the match-ups for the semifinals were also decided . United will win the Champions League ... I feel it in my bones Alex Ferguson 's Manchester United were drawn against Bayern Munich , who they famously beat in the 1999 final . Bayern went in front after just six minutes of the final in Barcelona but United scored two injury time goals to stun the German side . Dutch coach Louis van Gaal is attempting to secure Bayern Munich 's first European crown since 2001 , after they knocked out Italian side Juventus in the group stages . Jose Mourinho 's Inter Milan are playing first time quarterfinalists CSKA Moscow . The Italian champions dumped Mourinho 's former club Chelsea out of the competition earlier this week . There is no country seeding at the last eight stage , which led to Lyon and Bordeaux being drawn together . Their tie means France is assured a representative in the last four . The Champions League is the most lucrative tournament in world football with the final worth an estimated $ 421 million , according to sponsors Mastercard , with the winners earning close to $ 150 million . The quarterfinal ties will take place the week beginning March 29 . In the Europa League draw English Premier League team Liverpool were drawn against Portuguese club Benfica . There is an all-Spanish tie in the last eight after Atletico Madrid and Valencia were drawn against each other . If Liverpool get past Benfica they will face one of the Spanish teams in the semifinal , meaning either an emotional return for striker Fernando Torres to former club Atletico , or for manager Rafael Benitez to the team he used to coach , Valencia . Juventus ' conquerors Fulham were drawn against German champions Wolfsburg while Hamburg pulled Belgian side Standard Liege .	Draw for the UEFA Champions League to take place in Switzerland on Friday Holders Barcelona are favorites to retain their crown The final is worth an estimated $ 421 million in economic terms , according to sponsors This year 's final will be held in Madrid , Spain , on May 22
SAN FRANCISCO , California  CNET  -- The fact that you now can explore the ocean through Google Earth is n't going to make Google much money directly . But the move is nonetheless smart . The new Google Earth 5.0 software allows users to explore the ocean depths from their computers . Google generated early-stage goodwill from being the best answer to the online search problem . But the company is large and getting larger , especially as it shows a better ability to withstand the recession than rivals , and that goodwill wo n't last forever . Google Earth , though , gives the company a new way to bring its brand to the world , notably with students for whom the software will help supplant atlases and encyclopedias . And in the long run , as Google Earth and Maps -- either as standalone software or used through a browser -- will likely become a widely used virtual window on the real world . Google will control the technology and commercialization of that portal . Will the visibility of the ocean depths on Google Earth make money directly ? Not likely . But it adds incrementally to the overall utility of the software , which in the long run keeps it relevant . "  The near-term opportunity is in local search , " for example people looking for restaurants or hotels , said John Hanke , director of Google Earth and Maps , in an interview . Google has begun experimenting with advertisements on Google Maps and Google Earth , added Peter Birch , product manager of Google Earth , at the launch event . Since people often need to discover information about a place before going there , Google Earth and Maps could prove a lucrative endeavor . It may take years to get there , and it 'll cost Google dearly in server hardware and network bandwidth , but Google has shown patience in subsidizing long-term projects . Though Hanke would n't reveal the expense of Google 's geographic services , some of the economics are in the company 's favor . Just as Google 's search engine takes advantage of innumerable information that others put on the Internet , Google Earth is a platform that houses information supplied by outsiders that Google does n't have to pay . It 's the Internet 's user-generated content story , but this time it 's data that can be overlaid on a map of the Earth . And in the case of the ocean work , there are prestigious users generating high-quality content . Many ocean researchers gathered at the Google Earth 5.0 launch , and several showed there 's pent-up demand for a way to conveniently display their data somewhere . And it 's not just to share sea surface temperature data with fellow Ph.D. s , but also to try to educate the public . Ken Peterson , communications director for the Monterey Bay Aquarium , was excited about his layer in Google Earth that shows the location of various types of fish -- along with ratings for people about whether they should eat those varieties or substitute others . Barbara Block of Stanford University and Patrick Halpin of Duke University were eager to show the tracks of shark travels recorded by radio transmission to satellites . Ross Swick of the University of Colorado-Boulder showed a Google Earth animation of the gradually shrinking Arctic ice cap over the last 29 years . And Philip Renaud of the Living Oceans Foundation has supplied underwater video of the Red Sea as part of the foundation 's mission to chronicle the state of coral reefs . Hanke envisions much broader information , though , including consumer-oriented material such as the best dive spots and kite-surfing areas . Ultimately , he wants "  every single location " on Earth , land or sea , to have information . "  We 're trying to encourage our users to annotate all the places in the world . Part of what we 're doing is seeding that ecosystem of spatial information , " Hanke said . "  That creates an opportunity for Google to provide location services on phones , mobile devices , in cars in the future , to guide people to the best places . Being a valued guide , the go-to source of information about the best places to go -- that will be a powerful and valuable thing for Google . " Think of it as a second Internet in a way , only instead of using abstract names to locate information , you can use actual locations to locate information . Some refer to the idea as the "  geographic Web . " The clearest illustration of the indirect benefits Google Earth can bring is the fact that the company could persuade former Vice President Al Gore , whose climate change documentary won him an Oscar and a Nobel Peace Prize , to bear the Google Earth standard . In effect , he provided an eco-halo that can offset the more down-to-earth capitalistic realities of Google 's operation . Google seems to share the altruistic , educational motivations of many researchers . But it 's also got business in mind with Google Earth . "  We try to create products people love to use , " Birch said . "  We create value , then think of appropriate ways of monetization . " © 2009 CBS Interactive Inc. . All rights reserved . CNET , CNET.com and the CNET logo are registered trademarks of CBS Interactive Inc. . Used by permission .	Imaging the ocean depths via the new Google Earth 5.0 is a smart move for Google It adds to the overall utility of the software , which in the long run keeps it relevant Ocean researchers attended Google 's launch and are eager to display their data Eventually , Google wants to provide data on "  every single location " on Earth
EW.com  -- Bob Dylan never wrote any songs about body glitter or throwing up in the closet . So one may wonder why Ke $ ha appears on Amnesty International 's new benefit disc "  Chimes of Freedom , " a 76-track collection of Dylan covers that also features Adele  " Make You Feel My Love "  , Maroon 5  " I Shall Be Released "  , and yes , Miley Cyrus  " You 're Gon na Make Me Lonesome When You Go "  , among others . But on her stripped-down " Do n't Think Twice , It 's All Right , " Ke $ ha gets the song 's heartbreak right ; you can actually hear her sobbing between verses . If there 's ever a reason to believe the girl 's capable of deeper feelings than " vaguely hungover , " this is it . To quote from the 1964 Dylan song that gives this comp its name , Bob has always been a champion of " the countless confused , accused , misused , strung-out ones , an ' worse . " So it makes sense that the best covers here come from the misfits  Ke $ ha  , the punks  check out Rise Against 's raging " Ballad of Hollis Brown "  , the outsiders  Mexican pop star Ximena SariÃ ± ana 's excellent " I Want You "  , and the radicals  " With God on Our Side " finds Somali-born Toronto rapper K'naan challenging American hawkishness as only a Canadian can  . Aretha Franklin calls off engagement The savviest musicians here flip Dylan 's messages for their own aims , just as Dylan reappropriated protest songs by civil rights heroes . Celtic-rock stalwarts Flogging Molly take on " The Times They Are A-Changin ' " -- which itself was inspired by Irish drinking songs -- and reclaim it for Dublin . SinÃ © ad O'Connor recasts 1981 's born-again " Property of Jesus " as a fiery church-reform anthem . And Carly Simon smartly plays " Just Like a Woman " as a feminist ballad . When she sings " You break just like a little girl , " it sounds like she 's telling Dylan to man up . There 's just one problem . That leaves 60-something more songs , and an unholy amount of strummy-strummy-strum  though you can buy digital tracks individually , and an edited two-disc version is available for $ 14.95 at Starbucks  . Diana Krall , Billy Bragg , Pete Townshend , and other major talents opt for straight , folky readings of songs that beg for a reggaeton arrangement or a brostep remix -- anything to update the same classics we 've heard a bajillion times before . True , Ziggy Marley and Michael Franti bring some freshness , but even they ca n't resist those bland open-mic-at-the-fair-trade-coffee-shop guitars . Where 's the prankster spirit that got Dylan booed at Newport ? Apologies to Brett Dennen and Dierks Bentley , whose respective rootsy spins on " You Ai n't Goin ' Nowhere " and " SeÃ ± or " are lovely , but after listening to your trillionth fingerpicking solo , it 's easy to think , " Dylan went electric for this ? " Tracy Morgan taken to hospital in Utah By contrast , Kronos Quartet and Philip Glass sound almost revolutionary on their gorgeous , avant-classical " Do n't Think Twice , It 's All Right , " the only song that appears twice here . It takes major innovation  and some musical-saw interludes  to create a wholly original take on an artist who reinvents his own songs every time he plays live . And maybe that 's why covering Dylan seems so hard : At a time when every subway busker thinks he 's the Bard , the only man who 's really the " new Bob Dylan " is Dylan himself . B - See full article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Covering Dylan seems so hard : The only man who 's really the " new Dylan " is Dylan himself On Ke $ ha 's stripped-down " Do n't Think Twice , It 's All Right , " she gets the song 's heartbreak right Carly Simon smartly plays " Just Like a Woman " as a feminist ballad The savviest musicians here flip Dylan 's messages for their own aims
CNN  -- Tomatoes are again safe to eat , the Food and Drug Administration said Thursday , weeks after the food was blamed as a source of a salmonella outbreak in the United States and Canada . The federal agency lifted its warning about tomatoes but left in place a warning about raw jalapeño and serrano peppers , having previously said those foods also may be linked to the outbreak . The source of the outbreak still is n't known -- and 20 to 30 reports of the illness are coming in per day -- but the FDA said the epidemic is "  waning . " The FDA has n't determined whether tomatoes were a source of the outbreak , but it has determined that tomatoes currently in fields and stores are safe , said Dr. David Acheson , the FDA 's associate commissioner for food protection , according to The Associated Press . Salmonella Saintpaul -- a rare form of the bacteria -- has infected more than 1,190 people in 42 states , the District of Columbia and Canada since April , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . About 370 of those people became ill on or after June 1 , the CDC said . At least 224 people have been hospitalized . Two elderly men with pre-existing conditions died while infected with Salmonella Saintpaul , and the FDA said the infection could have contributed to their deaths . Investigators initially thought that certain types of tomatoes were the source of the outbreak , and further investigation also cast suspicions on raw jalapeño and serrano peppers . Samonella sleuths still on the trail Many of the infected people were thought to have eaten tomatoes from farms in south Florida and parts of Mexico , but inspectors have n't found the outbreak strain on those farms , Acheson said , according to the AP . The scare prompted grocery chains nationwide to pull tomatoes from their shelves and some restaurants to stop offering them as ingredients . Tommy Thompson , former secretary of the Department of Health and Human Services , said earlier this month the scare had cut $ 450 million from tomato growers ' income . Federal health investigators have visited farms in Florida , Texas and Mexico to try to determine the source of the outbreak , according to the CDC . The FDA has said that because raw jalapeño and serrano peppers may be linked to the outbreak , people at risk for developing severe infections -- infants , elderly people and people with compromised immune systems -- should avoid eating them . Food borne illnesses result in more than 300,000 hospitalizations in the United States every year , according to the CDC . About 76 million cases of food borne disease occur annually in the United States , the CDC said . Salmonella can lead to infections involving diarrhea , vomiting , abdominal cramps and sometimes a low-grade fever . In most cases , an infected person will recover within a week without medicine simply by staying hydrated , doctors have said . CNN 's Elizabeth Landau contributed to this report Copyright 2008 CNN . All rights reserved.This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed . Associated Press contributed to this report .	NEW : FDA official : We do n't know if tomatoes were involved in salmonella outbreak NEW : FDA : Warning lifted because tomatoes currently in stores and fields are safe Warning for jalapeño and serrano peppers still stands Source of outbreak still unknown , though outbreak is waning , FDA says
Washington  CNN  -- More than a dozen Justice Department and Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives officials faced punishment Wednesday after a long-awaited report on the botched gun probe known as "  Operation Fast and Furious . " That probe and a previous investigation were marked by "  a series of misguided strategies , tactics , errors in judgment and management failures " that allowed hundreds of weapons to reach Mexican drug cartels , the Justice Department 's independent inspector general concluded . Within minutes of the report 's release , Justice announced rthat former acting ATF chief Kenneth Melson was retiring and another official , Deputy Assistant Attorney General Jason Weinstein , had resigned . Read excerpts from the report Weinstein and Melson were among 14 people who "  bore a share of responsibility for ATF 's knowing failure in both these operations to interdict firearms illegally destined for Mexico , and for doing so without adequately taking into account the danger to public safety that flowed from this risky strategy , " the report states . Weinstein failed to pass along key information about the flawed tactics being used in Fast and Furious , while Melson and other ATF officials did n't properly supervise the probe , the report states . The report referred them and another 12 officials in Washington and the ATF and U.S. attorney 's offices in Phoenix to Justice officials to determine "  whether discipline or other administrative action " was required . Holder reacts to report "  Fast and Furious " became public after guns traced to the probe turned up at the scene of a Border Patrol agent 's December 2010 killing . The resulting investigations discovered similar tactics in a 2006-2007 operation dubbed "  Wide Receiver , " also run out of Phoenix . Revelations that ATF agents watched suspected gun traffickers cross into Mexico with weapons purchased at U.S. gun shops outraged lawmakers . Larry Alt , one of the ATF agents who blew the whistle on the operation , told CNN that it was "  egregious " that agents were watching people transfer guns to people who were handing them over to the cartels , "  and we were not taking an enforcement action . " "  I would say that the persons responsible for this case ... at the field level , the division level , and the headquarters level and as far as it went into the Department of Justice , should be held accountable for any decision that they made that allowed these guns to go out on the street unmonitored , " Alt said . Making matters worse , the Justice Department initially denied guns were being allowed to "  walk " across the border , only to have to formally retract that statement in December 2011 . The controversy forced Melson out at ATF , but he remained in another post at Justice until Wednesday . Acting ATF Director B. Todd Jones , meanwhile , said his agency "  accepts full responsibility " for failing to oversee the Arizona probes . What was ` Fast and Furious , ' and what went wrong ? "  This hurts . This hurts people here , " Jones told reporters . But he added that the ATF has been tightening up its procedures and wo n't shy away from tough operations . "  All we can do is get off the mat again and keep swinging , " he said . The controversy fueled Republican accusations of a cover-up by the Obama administration and led to an unprecedented vote to hold Attorney General Eric Holder in contempt of Congress . The report found that Holder was not informed of the controversial ATF operation until 2011 , after Border Patrol Agent Brian Terry was killed . In a written statement on the findings , Holder said the inspector-general 's report upholds "  what I , and other Justice Department officials , have said for many months now " -- that the tactics used pre-dated the Obama administration and that Justice Department leaders did n't try to hide the facts from lawmakers . "  It is unfortunate that some were so quick to make baseless accusations before they possessed the facts about these operations -- accusations that turned out to be without foundation and that have caused a great deal of unnecessary harm and confusion , " Holder said . "  I hope today 's report acts as a reminder of the dangers of adopting as fact unsubstantiated conclusions before an investigation of the circumstances is completed . " The truth about the Fast and Furious scandal But Iowa Republican Sen. Chuck Grassley , who brought ATF whistleblower complaints to the department 's attention in early 2011 , said the report "  reaffirms virtually everything " that congressional investigators turned up . "  It 's clear that both the ATF and the Justice Department failed to provide meaningful oversight of Operation Fast and Furious , " Grassley said in a written statement . Those agencies "  ignored warnings from employees " and refused to acknowledge how bad the problem was until after months of congressional pressure , he said . And Grassley said the report inaccurately lets Assistant Attorney General Lanny Breuer "  off the hook " regarding a February 2011 letter to Congress that denied guns were being allowed to cross the border . Along with the statement , Grassley released e-mails he said contradict the report . Breuer acknowledged last November he had learned that guns were allowed to "  walk " to Mexico , and apologized for not informing other senior Justice Department officials . The February 2011 letter to Grassley was later retracted by Justice officials . Wednesday 's report criticized Breuer and another top official , Gary Grindler , who was acting deputy attorney general when the events took place , for failing to pass along information to the attorney general and other top officials . But they remain with the department . A standoff over internal Justice documents erupted after the Obama administration said it was asserting executive privilege in the Fast and Furious case to shield documents that include internal deliberations traditionally protected from outside eyes . That prompted the House of Representatives to vote a civil contempt charge against Holder -- the first time a Justice Department chief has been held in contempt by Congress . Democrats protested the vote vehemently as being purely political , and the citation passed along party lines . The House took the issue to court , where it is expected to linger until well beyond November 's presidential election . By the numbers : Fast and Furious Some of the documents the White House withheld under the privilege claim were included in the report . Grassley said that inclusion "  proves that this subset of documents could have been released earlier , " and the president "  was merely thumbing his nose at Congress " before the contempt vote . Rep. Darrell Issa , who pushed for the contempt vote against Holder as chairman of the House Oversight and Government Affairs Committee , the report shows "  widespread failures " and "  a near-total disregard for public safety . " "  Attorney General Holder has clearly known about these unacceptable failures , yet has failed to take appropriate action for over a year and a half , " added Issa , R-California . Holder had said he was awaiting the report to determine what actions to take against individuals involved in the case . But he has promised Congress that such "  gun walking " of weapons into Mexico would never again be allowed . Issa called on President Barack Obama to "  step up and provide accountability " for the program . And Inspector General Michael Horowitz , whose office produced the report , is scheduled to appear before Issa 's committee on Thursday . Tell us what you think : Share you reactions to the report . CNN 's Joe Johns and Carol Cratty contributed to this report .	NEW : ATF whistleblower calls botched probe "  egregious " Inspector general 's report refers 14 for discipline ; 2 already out ATF will "  get off the mat again and keep swinging , " acting chief says Firearms traced to the probe were at the site of the killing of Border Patrol agent Brian Terry
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Interrogation tactics such as waterboarding , sleep deprivation and slapping did not violate laws against torture when there was no intent to cause severe pain , according to a Bush-era memo on the tactics released Thursday . Attorney General Eric Holder says government workers who followed protocol wo n't be prosecuted . "  To violate the statute , an individual must have the specific intent to inflict severe pain or suffering , " said an August 2002 memo from then-Assistant Attorney General Jay Bybee to John Rizzo , who was acting general counsel for the CIA . "  Because specific intent is an element of the offense , the absence of specific intent negates the charge of torture . ... We have further found that if a defendant acts with the good faith belief that his actions will not cause such suffering , he has not acted with specific intent , " Bybee wrote . The Bybee opinion was sought on 10 interrogation tactics in the case of suspected al Qaeda leader Abu Zubaydah . The memo authorized keeping Zubaydah in a dark , confined space small enough to restrict the individual 's movement for no more than two hours at a time . In addition , putting a harmless insect into the box with Zubaydah , who "  appears to have a fear of insects , " and telling him it is a stinging insect would be allowed , as long as Zubaydah was informed the insect 's sting would not be fatal or cause severe pain . "  If , however , you were to place the insect in the box without informing him that you are doing so ... you should not affirmatively lead him to believe that any insect is present which has a sting that could produce severe pain or suffering or even cause his death , " the memo said . Other memos allowed the use of such tactics as keeping a detainee naked and in some cases in a diaper , and putting detainees on a liquid diet . On waterboarding , in which a person gets the sensation of drowning , the memo said , "  although the waterboard constitutes a threat of imminent death , prolonged mental harm must nonetheless result " to violate the law . Authorities also were allowed to slap a detainee 's face "  to induce shock , surprise or humiliation " and strike his abdomen with the back of the hand in order to disabuse a detainee 's notion that he will not be touched , the memos said . Bybee noted in the memo that the CIA agreed all tactics should be used under expert supervision . Other memos said waterboarding can be used only if the CIA has "  credible intelligence that a terrorist attack is imminent " and if a detainee is believed to have information that could prevent , disrupt or delay an attack , and other methods fail to elicit the information . Another memo to Rizzo , from Principal Deputy Assistant Attorney General Steven G. Bradbury on May 10 , 2005 , noted that nudity could be used as an interrogation technique . "  Detainees subject to sleep deprivation who are also subject to nudity as a separate interrogation technique will at times be nude and wearing a diaper , " it said , noting that the diaper is "  for sanitary and health purposes of the detainee ; it is not used for the purpose of humiliating the detainee and it is not considered to be an interrogation technique . " "  The detainee 's skin condition is monitored , and diapers are changed as needed so that the detainee does not remain in a soiled diaper , " the memo said . Another Bradbury memo laid out techniques and when they should be used in a "  prototypical interrogation . " "  Several of the techniques used by the CIA may involve a degree of physical pain , as we have previously noted , including facial and abdominal slaps , walling , stress positions and water dousing , " it said . "  Nevertheless , none of these techniques would cause anything approaching severe physical pain . " All of the CIA techniques were adapted from military "  survival evasion resistance escape " training , according to a May 30 , 2005 , memo from Bradbury to Rizzo . "  Although there are obvious differences between training exercises and actual interrogations , the fact that the United States uses similar techniques on its own troops for training purposes strongly suggests that these techniques are not categorically beyond the pale , " the memo said . The memo said waterboarding and other techniques were used on Zubaydah ; Khalid Sheikh Mohammed , believed to be the mastermind behind the September 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks and identified as "  KSM " in the memo ; and another suspected al Qaeda leader , Abd al-Rahim al-Nashiri . "  The CIA believes that it would have been unable to obtain critical information from numerous detainees , including KSM and Abu Zubaydah , without these enhanced techniques , " the memo said . "  These legal legal memoranda demonstrate in alarming detail exactly what the Bush administration authorized for ` high value detainees ' in U.S. custody , " said Sen. Patrick Leahy , D-Vermont , and chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee , in a statement . "  The techniques are chilling . This was not an ` abstract legal theory , ' as some former Bush administration officials have characterized it . These were specific techniques authorized to be used on real people . " In releasing the memos in response to a public records request from the American Civil Liberties Union and other groups , the Obama administration informed CIA officials they will not be prosecuted for past waterboarding and other harsh interrogation tactics . Attorney General Eric Holder promised in a separate statement that officials who used the controversial interrogation tactics were in the clear if their actions were consistent with the legal advice from the Justice Department under which they were operating at the time . "  My judgment on the content of these memos is a matter of record , " President Obama said in a statement released from the White House . Obama prohibited the use of "  enhanced interrogation techniques " such as waterboarding shortly after taking office in January . Such techniques "  undermine our moral authority and do not make us safer , " he said Thursday . The president said that while United States must sometimes "  protect information that is classified for purposes of national security , " he decided to release the memos because he believes "  strongly in transparency and accountability " and "  exceptional circumstances surround these memos and require their release . " Obama argued that "  withholding these memos would only serve to deny facts that have been in the public domain for some time . " "  This could contribute to an inaccurate accounting of the past , and fuel erroneous and inflammatory assumptions about actions taken by the United States , " he said . He added that the officials involved in the questionable interrogations would not be subject to prosecution because the intelligence community must be provided "  with the confidence " it needs to do its job . The president pledged to work to ensure the actions described in the memos "  never take place again . " CNN 's Kate Bolduan and Terry Frieden contributed to this report .	Memo : To violate torture law , must have intent to inflict severe suffering Obama says releasing memos vital to maintaining transparency , accountability Legal memos offered guidance to CIA on "  enhanced interrogation " No prosecution for actions consistent with memos , official says
CNN  -- What are the chances you walk into work and the lead story is Angelina Jolie has had a double mastectomy when you are facing one yourself ? I have been struggling for weeks with how to tell my co-workers and viewers that I have breast cancer and have chosen to have a double mastectomy . How much should I share ? Will I be an emotional wreck ? Do I want people feeling sorry for me ? Angelina empowered me to share my story . I was diagnosed with breast cancer five weeks ago , on April 9 . Saying it , talking about it , dealing with it has been a complicated journey . Luckily , I have a very early form of breast cancer called DCIS . MRI scans show some questionable areas in my left breast and many in my right . After several consultations with some of the finest doctors in New York and Chicago  my hometown  , volumes of research and some serious soul searching , I have chosen to have a double mastectomy . Angelina Jolie chose to bear her soul in writing and I chose to follow her lead in front of all our viewers Tuesday . I identified with some of the issues she candidly discussed , such as her children , her sexuality and her femininity . I never expected to share this news so publicly and I certainly did not want to become the story . But judging from the outpouring of support , I am not alone . I have a history of fibrocystic breast tissue , which is very dense and complicated to read in a mammogram . For years , I 've had biopsies and two years ago , prior to starting at CNN , I had a lumpectomy to remove abnormal tissue that doctors thought was cancer . One doctor said that in my case cancer was a matter of when , not if . Still , when I got the call five weeks ago , it knocked me over . My greatest challenge was sharing the news with the people who love me . My son Nico and my daughter Sofia were the hardest . I sat with Nico , 14 , and asked him what came to mind when he thought of breast cancer . His response was a fight . I knew then he had the right attitude . I pulled out the book "  Breast Cancer for Dummies " and explained in great detail what my diagnosis was and how I chose to treat it . He listened intently but still worried I was going to die . I explained that my decision gave me the best chance of survival long term . I promised this would not kill me . I agonized for weeks about how to tell my daughter , and even consulted a psychologist . Would she instantly think her breasts were sick , too ? Were they ? Would the information scare her and would she be overwhelmed by fear of losing me and potentially getting sick herself ? I worried about nothing . I asked her the same question I asked Nico and her response was that breast cancer makes people 's hair fall out and that they get sick . I told her neither would happen to me and that I would have surgery and be back in no time . That was plenty for her . I surprised myself by worrying about my sexuality . Logically , I knew that getting rid of all the breast tissue was the best decision for me . But would I still be attractive and desirable to my partner ? I was angry at myself for even caring about that , but I did . I was choosing reconstruction , so that to the outside world nothing would look different -- but I knew and he knew . Kenny , my fiancÃ © , was focused on making me whole . He said nothing mattered more to him than having me alive . Yet I still worried . Kenny happens to be executive vice president of the Chicago White Sox and travels nonstop . But he halted his schedule so he could be by my side for every appointment and every moment of vulnerability . He held my hand and sat with me when I cried . We have talked in great detail with doctors about the changes ahead , and privately about our personal feelings . They have been graphic , emotional conversations that have made us stronger . Early on , a very dear friend told me very matter-of-factly to treat this cancer as a pain-in-the-ass inconvenience . Getting there takes time and , in my case , a lot of prayer and a lot of research . I hope that every woman facing this decision takes the time to understand her options and surrounds herself with the support she needs to get through the difficult times . There are challenges to access that need to be tackled , especially for our Latina women . There is a lot of work and I am poised for the challenge to help others like me . I am grateful for the support and information available to me . My goal is to pay my many blessings forward . What I know , you will know . I am not yet on the other side , but judging by all the e-mails I 've received from survivors , I am headed to a place that is stronger , wiser and definitely more empowered . My final words here are thank you -- for the many blessings , thoughts , prayers and even hugs you have sent my way today . Keep them coming !	CNN 's Zoraida Sambolin discloses that she has breast cancer She felt empowered to reveal it after Angelina Jolie spoke out She thanks family , viewers for their support
CNN  -- Amid the skyscrapers , sidewalks and subways of New York City , scientists have discovered a new species of frog within view of the Statue of Liberty . In fact , the researchers who discovered the frog say the center of its range is Yankee Stadium in the Bronx . The newly identified animal is among more than a dozen distinct leopard frog species . And , while it 's fairly common to find new species of animals in the remote wildness or in rain forests , to discover one in marshes and ponds within an urban area such as New York is nothing short of amazing , according to Leslie Rissler , program director with the National Science Foundation . "  The species is completely distinct , " said Rissler , part of the team of scientists that found the species . "  It has a very small range and it was quite a surprise to find a new species in New York City . " World 's smallest frog discovered ; it fits easily on a dime Researchers used DNA testing to find this so-called cryptic species , which is one species hidden within another . Researchers basically stumbled across the new frog , Rissler said , adding the discovery is "  extremely rare . " "  We were doing a study on a related organism , the southern leopard frog , in my lab at the University of Alabama and another colleague contacted us to say we have these frogs that look like southern leopard frogs , but they do n't quite sound like southern leopard frogs , can you add some of these to your genetic analyses ? And we did and that sort of began the study . " Scientist Jeremy Feinberg at Rutgers University first noticed the new amphibian sounded different from the northern and southern leopard frogs and that it had "  weird-sounding calls . " Feinberg said the frog had a "  peculiar croak . " It did n't have the "  long snore " or "  rapid chuckle " other leopard frogs have . The new frog had a "  short , repetitive croak . " Feinberg says he knew from the get-go there was something odd about the frog . "  When I first heard these frogs calling , it was so different , I knew something was very off . " And the DNA analysis proved him right . The species is so new it does n't even have a name yet . And Rissler said there wo n't be any naming contests for this new amphibian , either . "  I think some people would like to name it , who knows , Staten I , a lot of things to do with New York City , " Rissler told CNN . "  However , we have to go back to these different museums , find the exact voucher specimen that was used for these other species and , if there is an old name that 's available then we will use that name because that 's the proper way to do it , rather than taking bids on who wants to name the new frog in New York . "	New frog species discovered in New York City area It has a distinctive croak , scientists find Leopard frog species does n't yet have a name
CNN  -- Stephane Peterhansel has clinched a remarkable 10th Dakar Rally victory after safely finishing Sunday 's 29km special stage to the Peruvian capital Lima . The Frenchman only had to avoid mechanical trouble to seal his fourth car triumph , having also won the race six times in the motorcycle category . And the Mini driver achieved that aim , coming home 10th on the day , three minutes and 12 seconds behind stage winner Robby Gordon in his Hummer . Does Dakar Rally damage a delicate environment ? That result ensured Peterhansel covered the 8,400km-long race from Mar Del Plata in Argentina in a combined time of 38 hours , 54 minutes and 46 seconds . Team-mate Nani Roma was 41:56 back in second place with South African Toyota driver Ginel De Villiers third at 1.13:25 . Peterhansel told the official Dakar website : "  When you think how hard it is to win a Dakar Rally , it 's incredible that I have been able to win 10 of them . "  It 's been a long time , I 've been waiting for five years to win again ! To take the victory in South America is a huge relief , it ranks among my best triumphs . " He added : "  My finest victory will always be my first win in the motorcycle category , but this one has something special to it . "  I was starting to doubt myself , to think I was growing too old for this , that I 'd lost it or that I was n't made for South America -- and in the end everything turned out fine ! " Meanwhile , it proved a French double delight with Cyril Despres claiming the motorcycle category after also completing the final stage unscathed . Despres was presented victory on Saturday when rival Marc Coma took a wrong turn and he cemented his fourth title after the final stage was won by Dutchman Pal Ullevalseter . The KTM rider came home 53:20 ahead of Coma , with Yamaha rider Helder Rodrigues of Portugal in third place at 1.11:17 . Despres said : "  I always pay attention to detail . I like doing my homework and , in my job , when things go OK you end up winning . "  This is without doubt the toughest Dakar I 've ever raced in . All victories are beautiful , but this one is special because it came down to the wire and was decided at the last minute . " He continued : "  I 've done 85 or 90 rallies throughout my life , and this one was the one where I had to fight the hardest . Today will leave its mark on me . "	Frenchman Stephane Peterhansel wins the Dakar Rally , his 10th success in the race Peterhansel finishes nearly 42 minutes ahead of fellow-Mini driver Nani Roma Cyril Despres makes it a French double by claiming his fourth victory in bike section
CNN  He spent time in prison , stole a penguin to put in his bathtub and lived in an igloo for a week . Oh and he "  died " on a football pitch . "  It was n't like a kaleidoscope -- there was no color , it was all black and white , " Lutz Pfannenstiel tells CNN , recalling the moment 12 years ago when his life flashed before his eyes , the former goalkeeper suffering an injury which led the club 's physio at Bradford Park Avenue to think the German was dead . It 's not for nothing the title for Pfannenstiel 's book is "  The Unstoppable Keeper . " Even now , the memory of that day in Bradford , Yorkshire , in north England , is still vivid . "  There were black and white diamonds and it was very quiet , " said Pfannenstiel , whose lungs collapsed after an opposition player 's knee smashed into his chest , preventing him from breathing . "  In the background there were figures but I could n't make out who they were . I did n't feel cold , I felt all warm . I felt I was floating and it was n't a scary feeling at all . " After waking up from the accident and finding himself in hospital , Pfannenstiel screamed at the nurses , convinced he was paralyzed . Raging at the abandonment of the game , in which his team was leading , he was back training within a week . Looking back , he says he behaved "  irresponsibly " and the incident proved a turning point in Pfannenstiel 's career , in which he played for 25 clubs across the globe over two decades . As a youngster , Pfannenstiel was a highly rated player and represented Germany 's youth team at Under-17 level . Despite the nation 's biggest club Bayern Munich making him an offer , Pfannenstiel opted to pursue his dream of playing abroad . So in 1993 he left Germany to play in Malaysia with Penang FA before eventually moving to England where he enjoyed time in the Premier League with Wimbledon and Nottingham Forest . In South Africa , Pfannenstiel became a folk hero with Orlando Pirates in Johannesburg , his fame even persuading one would be gun toting assailant to apologize for inconveniencing the German as he visited the corner shop for a bottle of water . But it was in Singapore where the most traumatic episode of Pfannenstiel 's career would take place after he was accused of conspiring with bookmakers . At the time the German was enjoying life , modeling for Armani and presenting his football highlights show , but he was then found guilty of match fixing and sentenced to 101 days in prison . Protesting his innocence , Pfannenstiel says he was not charged for match fixing , but for a verbal corrupt agreement . What followed was "  one of the most difficult times " of his life as he adjusted to being surrounded by murderers , drug dealers and rapists . "  The prison had no bed , no toilet , no toilet paper , no toothbrush . I slept on the floor , " he said . "  People were on death row . People got hung . "  For breakfast , they do n't say good morning , they punch you in the face . I had to survive in that circus . If it was for 101 days , it felt like 25 years . " Jail time and his near death experience in England brought about Pfannenstiel 's Damascene conversion . Keen to distance himself from what he perceived was a superficial and materialistic way of life , Pfannenstiel came up with the idea of ` Global United ' -- a charity to raise awareness of climate change . It 's a project that has prompted Pfannenstiel to invoke the help of several famous footballers such as Zico , Lothar Matthäus and Jari Litmanen . The charity has already run successful events in Africa , particularly Namibia , tackling issues such as HIV/AIDS , famine and education . Now Pfannenstiel hopes to take his football friends , who play in games to raise money , to Antarctica and bring attention to the effects of climate change . He hopes to hold the match at the end of 2015 or early 2016 when the weather is slightly more convivial and use the airport on King George Island as the venue as to ensure the local habitat is n't adversely affected . "  I want to leave the scene as if nothing had ever happened , " says Pfannenstiel . "  We will clear the airfield using the snowmobiles , use yellow tape for the lines and we will build the nets . "  Within 10 minutes , the nets and lines are gone and nothing will be left . "  I do n't want to hear ` this idiot is going there ' and he destroyed the natural habitat . There are lots of plants growing around the area and it 's very important . "  We will have scientists advising us and if they say we can play elsewhere , fair enough but at the moment , the airfield is the most convenient . " Having grown up in the Bavarian forests of Germany , Pfannenstiel has always been passionate about the environment . Nature fascinates him and the tranquility and cleanliness of country life remains an integral part of his life . "  If you stand there , you can see the real Antarctica but at the same time , when you look out , you can also see what has happened , " he says . "  It is already getting greener and that really should n't happen . "  Playing in Antarctica makes people think you 're playing in the snow and in front of mountains and that 's how it was 50 years ago . "  Now it 's not like that . The highlands are still white , snowy and icy but the airfield where we will play , is green , brownish and dirty . " Pfannenstiel has already helped raise awareness of the effects of the climate change by spending a week living in an igloo -- a feat which was streamed online . He hopes to visit the Amazon later this year and spend time living in the treetops in a bid to bring awareness to the destruction being wrought upon the world 's rainforests . "  I was born in a village , which is now a ski resort , but it was always beautiful and clean , " he recalled . "  Whenever I go back to visit my father , everything is so natural . "  When I started to travel , my brain began to scan things and it would compare places like London or any big city to where I grew up . It 's filthy . "  If you go to China , the idea of climate change does n't even seem to register on the conscience . "  If you go to the Maldives , you know that they will be gone in 10-15 years because they 'll sink . "  It 's a real issue which we want to tackle . " It 's not just the environment which Pfannenstiel is passionate about -- he loves animals too . During his time in Singapore , he owned a pet monkey which caused untold trouble in his apartment . In New Zealand , he had another pet , although one which nearly led to him being deported . Otago , famous for its penguins , became a place of some fascination for Pfannenstiel , who held a long-term admiration for the animal . One night under the cover of darkness , he pulled on a wet suit and temporarily borrowed a penguin to take home with him . "  I saw this penguin and I got so curious and I just adopted him as a pet , " laughs Pfannenstiel . "  They told me I could n't do that . So a few days later , I went and got one out . "  I brought him back and put him in a cold bath but he was n't happy and he really did stink of fish . "  The president of the club came for lunch and he saw that I had the penguin . "  He said it was dangerous and that I could have been deported for having the penguin in the bathtub . " When not kidnapping penguins or looking to save the world , Pfannenstiel spends his time working for German football Bundesliga club 1899 Hoffenheim . As head of scouting and international relations , he scours the planet looking for talented players which he can bring to the Bundesliga club . He is a football analyst on German television while he has also become more of a feature on the television screens in the United Kingdom . He also works with world governing body FIFA and for the German Football Association as a coaching instructor focusing on educating coaches all over the world . "  I 've had to fight for everything since leaving prison , " he said . "  When I came back it cost me a fortune . I did n't have that much money -- all I had was a pair of flip flops , a pair of shorts , a T-shirt and a bag full of debts . "  But I ca n't complain -- at least I 'm not dead . "	Lutz Pfannenstiel is a former goalkeeper Was pronounced dead on the field of play Spent time in Singapore prison for match fixing Campaigning to raise awareness of climate change
ROME , Italy  CNN  -- The Vatican said Tuesday it has worked out a way for groups of Anglicans who are dissatisfied with their faith to join the Catholic Church . The Vatican says more Anglicans have expressed an interest in joining the Catholic Church . The process will enable groups of Anglicans to become Catholic and recognize the pope as their leader , yet have parishes that retain Anglican rites , Vatican officials said . The move comes some 450 years after King Henry VIII broke from Rome and created the Church of England , forerunner of the Anglican Communion . The parishes would be led by former Anglican clergy -- including those who are married -- who would be ordained as Catholic priests , said the Rev. James Massa , ecumenical director of the United States Conference of Catholic Bishops . "  This sets up a process for whole groups of Anglicans -- clergy and laity -- to enter in to the Catholic Church while retaining their forms of worship and other Anglican traditions , " Massa said . The number of Anglicans wishing to join the Catholic Church has increased in recent years as the Anglican Church has welcomed the ordination of women and openly gay clergy and blessed homosexual partnerships , said Cardinal William Joseph Levada , the head of the Vatican 's Congregation for the Doctrine of the Faith . Their talks with the Vatican recently began speeding up , Vatican officials said , leading to Tuesday 's announcement . "  The Catholic Church is responding to the many requests that have been submitted to the Holy See from groups of Anglican clergy and faithful in different parts of the world who wish to enter into full visible communion , " Levada said . Levada said "  hundreds " of Anglicans around the world have expressed their desire to join the Catholic Church . Among them are 50 Anglican bishops , said Archbishop Joseph Augustine Di Noia of the Congregation for Divine Worship . While married Anglican priests may be ordained as Catholic priests , the same does not apply to married Anglican bishops , Levada said . "  We 've been praying for this unity for 40 years and we 've not anticipated it happening now , " Di Noia said . "  The Holy Spirit is at work here . " One interested group is the Traditional Anglican Communion , an association of churches that is separate from the Anglican Communion and has hundreds of thousands of members worldwide . The TAC in 2007 petitioned the Vatican for unity with the Catholic Church with the stipulation that the group retain its Anglican rites . The TAC 's primate , Archbishop John Hepworth of Australia , said in a statement Tuesday that the Vatican 's announcement "  more than matches the dreams we dared to include in our petition two years ago . " That is because the Vatican 's move involves not only the TAC but other Anglican groups that want to unite with the Catholic Church , said the Right Rev. Daren K. Williams , bishop ordinary of the western diocese of the Anglican Church of America , which is part of the TAC . The Vatican has yet to release all details of the offer , and the TAC 's leaders will meet and discuss how to respond when it does , Williams said . But Williams said he believes much of TAC will respond favorably . Williams , who also is rector of All Saints Anglican Church in Fountain Valley , California , said his parishioners have generally been "  very warmly receiving " Tuesday 's announcement . "  It is encouraging for them to know their worship experience would n't be turned upside down by the Roman Catholic Church , " Williams said . "  The person in the pew should see very little difference in the way we pray . We might be asked to pray aloud for any pope who happens to be in office , in addition to praying for our primate . "  Really , there 'd be very little other difference . " The parishes retaining the Anglican rites would answer not to Catholic bishops but to regional or nationwide "  personal ordinariates " who would report to the pope , Massa said . Those officials often will be former Anglican clergy , Vatican officials said . The Church of England said the move ends a "  period of uncertainty " for Anglican groups who wanted more unity with the Catholic Church . Both groups have a "  substantial overlap in faith , doctrine and spirituality " and will continue to hold official dialogues , the archbishops of Canterbury and Westminster said in a joint statement . "  Those Anglicans who have approached the Holy See have made clear their desire for full , visible unity in the one , holy , catholic and apostolic church , " Levada said . "  At the same time , they have told us of the importance of their Anglican traditions of spirituality and worship for their faith journey . " Preserving Anglican traditions , such as mass rites , adds to the diversity of the Catholic Church , he said . "  The unity of the church does not require a uniformity that ignores cultural diversity , as the history of Christianity shows , " he said . "  Moreover , the many diverse traditions present in the Catholic Church today are all rooted in the principle articulated by St. Paul in his letter to the Ephesians : ` There is one Lord , one faith , one baptism . ' " CNN 's Hada Messia and Jason Hanna contributed to this report .	Vatican opens door to disillusioned Anglicans wanting to join Catholic Church Married priests and bishops to be allowed to "  enter into full visible communion " Vatican says "  hundreds " of Anglicans have expressed interest in joining Anglicans can retain their rites while recognizing the pope as their leader
When the tearful broadcaster broke the news to North Koreans that their leader , Kim Jong Il , had died , the audience in the hall gasped . Then the hysterics began , along with the bawling and sobbing . "  Father ! " mourners cried . A wailing woman pounded her fist against her chest to signify heartache . Some appeared to go into physical convulsions . Other North Koreans sobbed so hard , they barely maintained their balance . "  Our leader endured all the hardships , " one mourner told state-run Korean Central News Agency in a televised interview . "  I ca n't believe it . Our leader , he 's still with us . " Even the reporter holding KCNA 's microphone bowed his head and trembled . In North Korean media videos viewed by CNN , people wept in fitful , theatrical proportions . Whether the mass grieving was genuine is up to debate . Cultures grieve differently . For instance , in South Korea , it 's acceptable to express sorrow vocally , said Sung-Yoon Lee , a research fellow at the National Asia Research Program . But North Korea presents a unique case . "  It 's such a regimented , uniform society , people are conditioned from their early years to praise and adore their leader , " he said . "  The passing of their leader would be an indication to grieve properly so they are not to be stigmatized by failing to grieve properly . There are always people watching you -- if you are not devastated by the news , you may get in trouble . " While some may exaggerate , for others the grief is authentic , Lee said . "  I think there would be great deal of sincerity , because they 're so programmed and conditioned and have an incentive to outperform their families , neighbors in grieving properly , " he said . "  North Koreans are raised to praise their leader , as are Christians for God . For North Koreans , it 's part of the rhetoric to thank the fatherly leader . For them to learn the death of a near God-like leader , it certainly has an emotional reaction . " When TV cameras approached the North Korean grievers , some of them were so overwhelmed they could barely utter coherent sentences . "  If it 's a public figure that has died , everybody has the illusion that they know that person or were at some point connected to them , " said Darcie Sims , a grief management specialist and director of the American Grief Academy in Seattle . "  Mass hysteria soon occurs and is very contagious . When we see people do things in large groups , it spreads like wildfire . It only takes a few people , and the reactions spread amongst the population . " North Koreans interviewed on state television thanked Kim for everything , including trains , theaters and even their warm homes . Many seemed to refuse to believe he was dead . The public mourning illustrates the grip of Kim 's power , said Scott Atran , director of research and anthropology at the French National Center for Scientific Research and psychology professor at the University of Michigan . To stay in power , many dictators identify and play upon their people 's fears . After a history of occupation by other Asian powers , Kim and his father relied on their motto of self-sufficiency , called "  juche , " to justify the country 's reclusive nature . Because of this philosophy , which barred outside perspectives , Atran said people in North Korea "  had no alternative view of reality . " It also helped that the Kims controlled the police and military . Atran said he believes North Koreans ' weeping is "  absolutely sincere . They 're clearly emotionally tied up with the dictator . " "  We 're used to some extent of institutionalized criticism , an opposition , and in these countries , there is n't anything . There is uniform control of information . The only information comes from the political leadership in ways it desires . That 's your world -- you see the world of threat and fear , and the dictator poses as the way out of it . " Atran compared the reaction to Kim 's death to Spanish dictator Francisco Franco 's passing in 1975 . "  The place where his support was , there was mass mourning and hysteria at his death , " he said . Drawing another historical comparison , Lee said he recalled when Kim 's father , Kim Il Sung , died in 1994 . "  The level of grief , we hear from North Korean defectors , was that the North Korean people had general admiration for the father because he had revolutionary credentials , " Lee said . "  The North Koreans did not go through a famine under the elder Kim . " Nevertheless , mourners were effusive in their praise for Kim Jong Il on the state-run television station . "  He has loved us so much . We were n't able to repay him , " one mourner said . Another said , "  It 's too much ! It 's too much ! Leader , please come back . ... You can not leave us . We will always wait for you , leader . "	North Korean TV shows hysterical reaction to Kim Jong Il 's death But the genuineness of people 's grieving is up to debate In state TV interviews , devastated North Koreans thank Kim for homes , trains , amenities "  If you are not devastated by the news , you may get in trouble , " one analyst says
CNN  -- Ah , springtime ! When a young single person 's fancy turns to quiet desperation . The darling buds of April have shaken off their veils of snow , and you , dear reader , have done likewise with your veils of fleece and SAD-induced despair . Months of picnics , outdoor shows and wine-sodden nights in summertime finery  or , at the very least , jean shorts and well-worn wife beaters -- however it is you roll  stretch out before you . Now all you need is someone to share them with , right ? Might we suggest spending those last few weeks of mixed-bag weather doing what any red-blooded human does when they 're looking for answers : Stay inside and troll the Web . "  I 've tried looking online for love ! " you may cry -- quite literally . "  OkCupid was too arty  and unemployed  for my tastes , Match.com was replete with pleats and Wall Streets ! And Craigslist , well ... I need a shower . In bleach . " We get it . Sometimes you do n't really want to wade through suite after suite of suitors to find the perfect co-picnicker -- I mean , we live in a society where we want everything from our coffee to our movies to be instant . So why not narrow down the search a bit via a superspecific online dating site ? Seriously , guys , there 's someone out there for everyone , and apparently some enterprising developers  just the folks you should trust for love advice  have gone and cataloged them all . Read on for three extremely calculating sites for satiating that aforementioned quiet desperation . NB : Shared interests do n't always equate to true love -- we know this . Mostly we just find these sites amusing . If you like to sweat on a date  in a nonsexy way  ... From the running track to the weight room to the yoga studio you roam , counting the multiplying packs of your abs , marinating in your own sweat and hoping against hope that that dude -- the one who always parks his yoga mat unnecessarily close to yours , making for optimal ass-viewing -- will ask you to go for a smoothie after the last "  Ommmm . " Usually you 're so bold -- you with your hot pink spandex and ability to bench-press your twin bed . But in his presence , all you can do to contain your ardor is assume a child 's pose and weep salty , sweat-mingled tears . Well , muscle-bound dear , dry your eyes  and perhaps take a shower , too  . There 's a dating site out there specifically designed for you : Single Fit People . This free  for the time being  Boston-based matchmaking machine allows folks who like to work out to find other folks who like to work out to ... you know , work out/make out with . The site even organizes events where singles can mingle and run around and stuff . Yup , on this site , a red face is more likely to connote the blush of love , rather than an abrupt cessation of physical exertion . If ` our song ' is likely to be super obscure ... In recent years , you have taken to going to shows alone , parking yourself in the corner with a brimming glass of whiskey and a brimming heart -- and no one to share them with . Yes , in the past , suitors have attempted to share your love -- nay , indefatigable PASSION -- for music . But many , obviously intimidated by your vast breadth of knowledge , have left mix tapes half composed  Dashboard Confessional ? Seriously ?  , attempted to talk to you while your third-favorite Seapunk band took the stage , and -- perhaps most unsettlingly -- just put their iPods on shuffle while y' all were making out . Luckily for you , there 's a free resource on the market that will help you avoid anyone out there who "  likes everything but rap and country " : Tastebuds.fm . The site allows you to easily port over your musical interests from Facebook or Last.fm so as to weed out anyone not familiar with that most important holiday in the world , Record Store Day . The site even has a feature whereby you can search for events in your area and people to attend them with , so perhaps you can share that whiskey  and heart  with someone special , or at least sort of special , next time around . You 're a social media ` ninja ' ... You have SO MANY FRIENDS . Seriously , like 10,000 Twitter followers , a million stalkers on Foursquare , and Facebook -- well , let 's just say you had to create a Fan Page for yourself after you hit the friend limit . If a potential date wants to get on your radar , they 'll have to send you a tweet . You 're just so superbusy at-replying , posting interesting articles to your friends ' walls and checking into the bodega around the corner each night when you pick up your frozen pizza for one  got ta maintain that Mayorship !  . Still , sometimes -- amidst the pings , love-red notifications and badges -- you feel a deep , dark force sucking at your heart . An emptiness even Instagram for Android failed to fill . Somewhere out there , however , there 's another soul aching and tweeting and pinging right along with you , and a little site called Tawkify aims to act as your guide through the morass of online social interactions . For about $ 15 a pop , Tawkify matches up potential soulmates based on their Klout scores  a service that measures your social influence online  as well as other factors , and sets up phone dates so they can get to know each other the only way they know how -- from the comfort of their own cave-like homes .	Here are three niche sites for those who want to narrow the vast online-dating pool Single Fit People is a dating site specifically for those who love to work out Tastebuds.fm allows you to easily port over your musical interests For about $ 15 a pop , Tawkify matches potential soulmates based on their Klout scores
CNN  -- On Saturday , a company called SpaceX was scheduled to launch the first private mission to the International Space Station , demonstrating a freight-carrying capability NASA gave up when it retired its fleet of space shuttles in July .  The flight was aborted at the last second after a faulty valve was discovered ; SpaceX officials said the launch was postponed till Tuesday or Wednesday . Some NASA supporters are mourning what they see as the decline of U.S. leadership in space . But they should really be celebrating the dawn of a new era . After all , we 've been stuck in low Earth orbit for several decades now , at considerable cost . Visionary plans for genuine space exploration have gathered dust at NASA , the National Research Council and other space-savvy places . They advocate relearning how to land on the moon or figuring out how to travel to Mars , an asteroid or the special orbital location where the James Webb Space Telescope will eventually operate . But after more than two decades of talking that talk , the U.S. has yet to walk that walk . Turning over routine space trucking to private industry has important benefits . It frees NASA to innovate and to develop a new heavy-lift capability commensurate with real space exploration . At the same time , it empowers private industry to play a significant role in the nation 's space future . Liftoff of the Falcon 9 rocket , its Dragon capsule filled with food , supplies and science experiments , had been scheduled for 4:55 a.m. ET from the SpaceX launch site at Cape Canaveral Air Force Station in Florida . When it launches , three days later , astronauts will use a robotic arm to attach the Dragon capsule to the station . Cargo will be unloaded , return cargo loaded in , and the capsule will return to splash down in the Pacific . Light Years : SpaceX Dragon to launch Saturday It will be the third launch of the Falcon 9 rocket ; the second launch of the Dragon capsule , the first with components needed for space station docking ; and one of 12 planned SpaceX flights to the International Space Station . SpaceX admits the riskiness of its endeavor . The current flight has already been delayed several times because of problems with the flight software . Space-flight veterans in the company are well aware of the trial-and-error nature of technology development , but they also know risk is an essential part of innovation . NASA 's Commercial Orbital Transportation Services program is funding a handful of private companies -- including SpaceX  Space Exploration Technologies Corporation  ; Orbital Sciences Corporation , which built the Pegasus rocket launch system 20 years ago ; Blue Origin ; Boeing ; and Sierra Nevada -- to carry cargo to the International Space Station . ATK  Alliant Techsystems Inc.  plans to use its Liberty rocket to launch humans into orbit by 2015 . CNN Explains : Commercial space flight Many of these private companies have goals far beyond servicing the space station . Taking over space trucking from NASA allows them to pay the bills as they develop increasingly capable space vehicle systems . Then , providing they can reduce space launch costs by a large factor , they may be able to exploit new business opportunities , including passenger traffic to outer space . Still , they are not motivated by purely commercial concerns . The financial backers of these companies -- Elon Musk of SpaceX or Blue Origin 's  and Amazon 's  Jeff Bezos -- have invested hundreds of millions of dollars of their own fortunes . They doubtless would like their space adventures to turn a profit , but at heart they are modern-day pioneers who want to do something profoundly important for the future of humankind . Take the example of Planetary Resources , a company that recently announced plans to investigate and eventually mine rare metals from asteroids . The news stories emphasized PR 's business plan , but their goals are far broader . They will first build small space telescopes to observe asteroids , so they can understand these building blocks from which Earth formed . Asteroids larger than about 100 meters  328 feet  in diameter are a potential hazard for the Earth , and understanding their composition will allow better prediction of their impact on the planet . Should we ever need to deflect an asteroid , we 'll need to travel to it . So , while Planetary Resources might have a plan to make money down the road , they will first contribute critical knowledge to humankind , perhaps helping save the planet from destruction . Furthermore , with an asteroid visit and perhaps even a sample return , Planetary Resources will discover whether materials essential for human sustenance  hydrogen , oxygen , nitrogen , water  can be recovered from these deep space objects . If so , they could set up interplanetary supply depots to enable human colonization of space . So there is a lot more to space commerce than mining asteroids for rare metals . Private space companies describe a vision that sounds like the original NASA : big goals , with small but steady steps toward those goals , and much support but little interference from the nation . People who have visited SpaceX say its employees are among the best and brightest and that they mean to change the world . This is just what NASA did in the 1960s when humans moved out of low Earth orbit and ventured to the moon . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Meg Urry .	Meg Urry : SpaceX to launch first private freight-carrying mission to the space station She says some lament decline of U.S space leadership , but in a sense it frees NASA She says NASA can focus on space exploration ; companies are in it for business Urry : Companies also are doing pioneering work that will be helpful to humankind
CNN  -- Authorities said Friday that an Iraqi man accused of running down his daughter in Arizona because she had become "  too Westernized " has been taken into custody in Atlanta , Georgia . U.S. Marshals arrested Faleh Hassan Almaleki , 48 , in Atlanta , according to spokesman James Ergas . Police in Peoria , Arizona , say Almaleki struck his 20-year-old daughter , Noor Faleh Almaleki , and her friend Amal Edan Khalaf with the Jeep Laredo he was driving in a parking lot in Peoria on October 20 . After the incident , Almaleki drove to Mexico , abandoning his vehicle in Nogales , Peoria police said in a statement Friday . He then made his way to Mexico City and boarded a plane to London , England . British authorities denied him entry into the country , and he was put on a plane back to the United States , police said . Authorities arrested him late Thursday afternoon when he arrived at Atlanta 's airport , police said , and he is awaiting extradition to Arizona . He will face two counts of aggravated assault , police said . Almaleki was angry with his daughter "  as she had become too ` Westernized ' and was not living according to -LSB- the family 's -RSB- traditional Iraq -LSB- i -RSB- values , " Peoria police said in a statement last week . The daughter was hospitalized with life-threatening injuries and remains "  unresponsive , " Peoria police said Friday . Khalaf , 43 , with injuries that are not life-threatening , is in serious but stable condition , police said . Noor Faleh Almaleki lives with Khalaf , Peoria police said . They did not elaborate on how the two women knew each other . Peoria is about 13 miles northwest of Phoenix . CNN 's Tristan Smith contributed to this report .	NEW : Man fled Arizona , was denied entry into England , officials say Authorities say man struck daughter , friend with car in Arizona parking lot Dad thought 20-year-old woman had become "  too Westernized , " officials say U.S. Marshals arrest Faleh Almaleki , 48 , at Georgia airport
CNN  -- In this case , BFF could stand for "  Bigtime Famous Friends . " The first lady turns 50 on Friday , and it 's being reported that she will be serenaded by singer Beyonce for the occasion . The White House is not commenting on whether the singer will be in attendance for Michelle Obama 's birthday party , but it 's well known that the pair are friends . The superstar performed the Etta James classic "  At Last " at President Obama 's first inaugural ball and teamed up with Michelle Obama for her initiative to get children more active . Who can forget FLOTUS dancing to Beyonce 's "  Move Your Body " exercise theme ? Even their spouses are friends . Rapper Jay Z changed the lyrics to his rap song to say "  I 've got 99 problems but Mitt ai n't one " during an Obama fundraiser . In July , the first lady and daughters Malia and Sasha attended a Beyonce concert in Chicago . The singer even once wrote an open letter of admiration : "  Michelle , thank you so much for every single thing that you do for us . I am proud to have my daughter grow up in a world where she has people like you to look up to . " Michelle Obama responded , " @Beyonce Thank you for the beautiful letter and for being a role model who kids everywhere can look up to . -- mo " Awwwww ! Their friendship has not been without controversy , however . Some Christian mothers were reportedly upset over FLOTUS teaming up with Beyonce because of the singer 's "  booty shaking " and revealing outfits . Writing for the Daily Beast , journalist Allison Samuels noted that there was "  the unfortunate conundrum posed for Mrs. Obama . " "  When BeyoncÃ © goes into the studio to record an album for her millions of fans , she 's not thinking about her friendship with the first lady ; she 's thinking about what 's hot , what 's edgy , and what will sell to the masses , " Samuels wrote . "  That surely must have been her mindset when she recorded the controversial lyrics single "  bow down b ** ches " for her new album earlier this year . " Demetria L. Lucas from the Root wrote , "  This love fest has gone too far for my liking . I 'm no one  and neither are you  to police the first lady 's musical tastes , but this continued public endorsement of Houston 's Finest rubs me the wrong way . I am not a Bey hater , but I am an observant onlooker . " Powerful friends can attract powerful opinions .	First lady Michelle Obama and singer Beyonce are friends Beyonce may appear at Obama 's 50th birthday party Not everyone is happy about their relationship
CLOVIS , California  CNN  -- Jeff Hubbard fought back tears as he talked about his boy -- a "  great , great young man " who was killed last week in Iraq in a helicopter crash . It 's the second time he 's had to bury a son killed in the Iraq war . Jeff and Peggy Hubbard with sons Army Spc. Jason Hubbard , left , and Cpl. Nathan Hubbard . This time , it was made even more tragic . His third son , also a soldier in Iraq , was immediately on the scene of last week 's helicopter crash and watched as soldiers carried the remains of his brother , 21-year-old Army Cpl. Nathan Hubbard , from the crash site . Nathan 's flag-draped coffin arrived in Fresno earlier this week and eventually to his hometown of Clovis . Watch "  We love you Nate " " Hundreds of mourners gathered Friday to remember Nathan at St. Anthony of Padua , the same church where his oldest brother 's funeral was held in 2004 . Nathan will be laid to rest at Clovis Cemetery , beside his brother , Jared . Nathan and his other brother entered the military shortly after Jared was killed -- to honor his sacrifice . "  Their decision to join the military was motivated by a love for their brother and a desire to serve their country , " the priest told mourners Friday . "  The death of Jared touched him deeply . Losing a brother and a friend made a profound impact on him , and brought to his attention the seasons of war and grief and loss . " Jeff Hubbard spoke to reporters Thursday ahead of the funeral , struggling to find words to describe how much his youngest son meant to him and his family . "  I want everybody to remember and celebrate Nate in their own way , the way they want , " he said . "  We want him honored , remembered and celebrated -- he was a great , great young man . Wonderful young man . " Tragically , the Hubbards have gone through this anguish before . In 2004 their son , Marine Lance Cpl. Jared Hubbard , was on patrol in Iraq with his best friend and fellow Marine , Jeremiah Baro -- also from Clovis -- when a roadside bomb exploded , killing both . Jeff Hubbard says there 's no way for a parent to prepare for the agony a second time . "  They 're each absolutely individual terrible instances that you deal with the best you can as you go forward , " he said . Six months after Jared was killed , Nathan and Jason Hubbard decided to enlist and serve together -- to follow in their brother 's footsteps . On August 22 after returning from a scouting mission south of Kirkuk , Iraq , the Blackhawk helicopter carrying Nathan and 13 other soldiers crashed . Jason , who served in the same Army platoon , was in a separate helicopter when his brother went down and was ordered to secure the crash site . When he and his men reached the downed Blackhawk , Jason says he realized it was his brother 's unit . "  We also had to remove as many of the men as we could out of that helicopter , " Jason remembered . "  And I could n't participate in that . I knew my -- I knew Nathan was in there . I tried several times to kind of gather myself , but I just -- I could n't . " Jason says as the men carried bodies out of the wreckage , he spotted his younger brother . "  At one point they did carry Nathan by me . And that 's when the reality , the complete reality , and complete understanding of the situation came to me and I began dealing with it . " Under the Department of Defense sole survivor policy , Jason says he was told he will not be allowed to return to war . His wife and young son will join him at his base in Hawaii . E-mail to a friend	NEW : Funeral held Friday for Army Cpl. Nathan Hubbard Marine Lance Cpl. Jared Hubbard was killed by a roadside bomb in 2004 Jared 's brothers Nathan and Jason Hubbard were inspired to enlist Nathan was killed August 22 ; Jason was ordered to return home for good
CNN  -- Pop icon Michael Jackson , 50 , who died Thursday afternoon after being rushed to a Los Angeles hospital in cardiac arrest , had a long history of confirmed health problems , in addition to rumored conditions . Michael Jackson , seen here in 2005 , was taken to UCLA Medical Center in cardiac arrest Thursday . In 1984 , Jackson was burned while singing for a Pepsi-Cola commercial in Los Angeles , when a special-effects smoke bomb misfired . He had to have major surgery on his scalp and said that because of the intense pain , he developed an addiction to painkillers . He also was reported to have a form of lupus in the 1980s , but it was later said to have gone into remission . Jackson also had had numerous plastic surgeries , including rhinoplasty and a chin implant . In 1993 , Jackson 's dermatologist , Dr. Arnold Klein , released a statement saying that Jackson had a skin disease called vitiligo . The condition causes a person to lose melanin , the pigment that determines the color of skin , hair and eyes , in patches or all over the body . Vitiligo affects 1 million to 2 million people in the United States , according to the National Institutes of Health , and no one knows what causes it . Learn about the difference between heart attack and stroke He was also hospitalized with chest pains in 1990 and postponed a concert because of dehydration in August 1993 . A concert tour was cut short in November 1993 because of an addiction to prescription painkillers amid allegations of child molestation . During a rehearsal at the Beacon Theater in New York in December 1995 , the entertainer collapsed onstage from apparent dehydration and low blood pressure and was hospitalized . While jurors deliberated in a case in which he was accused of child molestation in June 2005 , Jackson went to a hospital for treatment of what his spokeswoman said was recurring back pain . He had complained of back problems before . Rumors circulated in December that Jackson was ill and in need of a lung transplant because of Alpha-1 antitrypsin deficiency , a rare genetic condition . More rumors emerged in May that Jackson had skin cancer . But Randy Phillips , president and CEO of AEG Live , told CNN at the time , "  He 's as healthy as he can be -- no health problems whatsoever . " Jackson apparently collapsed in his home in Los Angeles on Thursday and was taken by ambulance to UCLA Medical Center . Watch CNN 's Sanjay Gupta talk with Anderson Cooper about Jackson 's death " Jackson family attorney Brian Oxman told CNN on Thursday that Jackson 's use of medications had gotten in the way of doing rehearsals . "  His injuries , which he had sustained performing , where he had broken a vertebra and he had broken his leg from a fall on the stage , were getting in the way . I do not know the extent of the medications that he was taking , " he said . Cardiac arrest , distinct from heart attack , affects about 300,000 Americans every year , Dr. Clyde Yancy of the American Heart Association told CNN . Without immediate efforts to resuscitate a person , the survival rate is usually 5 percent to 15 percent , he said . If resuscitation takes longer than three to five minutes , a person could experience profound impairments , particularly neurologically , he said . Beyond five minutes , the likelihood of success falls quickly , especially in older people . Younger people can tolerate cardiac arrest somewhat better , he said .	Jackson was burned while singing for a Pepsi-Cola commercial in 1984 His skin condition , vitiligo , causes a person to lose melanin , the pigment in skin Jackson collapsed in 1995 from apparent dehydration and low blood pressure More rumors emerged in May that Jackson had skin cancer , but were discredited
OXFORD , England  CNN  -- You might expect Oxford and Cambridge universities to ask prospective students to compare the works of Chaucer to Boccaccio or to explain the theory of relativity . Cambridge students may have to field questions in the application process that would baffle some observers . Instead , Oxford wants to know : "  Would you rather be a novel or a poem ? " Cambridge asks applicants : "  What would you do if you were a magpie ? " The idea , say administrators at the two ultra-prestigious schools in England , is to see how well prospective students can think , not just how much they know . "  What we 're trying to do is move students out of their comfort zone , " said Mike Nicholson , Oxford University admissions director . "  Many students will have a body of knowledge , and they may be expected to be trusted on that in the interview . What we want to do is take them beyond that point and get them to start thinking for themselves . " See examples of the application questions " In the United Kingdom , 90 percent of students are educated at state schools . But 53 percent of Oxford University 's students come from state schools . That seems to indicate that wealthier students who can afford private schools have an advantage . Tutoring company Oxbridge Applications -- founded by Oxford graduates in 1999 -- says 68 percent of the 35,000 clients it has helped are state-funded students . It costs $ 300 for a day of mock interviews or $ 1,500 for a full weekend course . Oxbridge says 47 percent of its clients get into one of the elite colleges . The overall success rate for all applicants to the two schools -- commonly referred to as Oxbridge -- is 24 percent , the tutoring company says . "  At Oxbridge Applications , we have a network of 500 former tutors and former admissions tutors as well , " said company founder James Uffindell . "  And we take the people that have been there and done it and help supply that information back to the people that want to go there . " Still , some of the questions seem a bit odd to the casual observer . Watch people on the street react to some brainteasers " "  It 's totally out there really , " said one passer-by interviewed on the street . "  Are they on drugs , these people in Cambridge ? " Some of the questions seem downright sinister : "  How would you poison someone without the police finding out ? " Cambridge asks . Others are perhaps downright practical : "  Instead of politicians , why do n't we let the managers of Ikea run the country ? "	Oxford asks prospective students : "  Would you rather be a novel or a poem ? " Cambridge asks applicants : "  What would you do if you were a magpie ? " Administrators at prestigious schools say object is to get students to think Observer on the street describes questions as "  totally out there really "
CNN  -- Ilse Knecht has worked with victims of disturbing voyeuristic trends such as "  upskirting " and "  downblousing . " One woman showered for years in a swimsuit after a peeping incident involving her landlord , Knecht said . Others stopped wearing skirts entirely . "  Victims say people do n't understand the impact of this crime , " said Knecht , a policy expert at the Washington-based National Center for Victims of Crime . "  It feels like a combination of a kind a sexual assault and stalking . It is very harmful . " The subject of modern-day peeping Toms made national headlines this week when Massachusetts ' highest court ruled that a man who snapped cell phone photos up the skirt of women on the Boston subway did not violate state law because the women were not nude or partially nude , as stipulated by a state law against secretive photography . The controversial decision overruled a lower court that upheld charges against Michael Robertson , who was arrested in August 2010 , after police set up a sting following reports that he was using his cell phone to take "  upskirt " photos and videos of women without their knowledge . "  A female passenger on a MBTA  Massachusetts Bay Transportation Authority  trolley who is wearing a skirt , dress , or the like covering these parts of her body is not a person who is ` partially nude , ' no matter what is or is not underneath the skirt by way of underwear or other clothing , " wrote Justice Margot Botsford of the state Supreme Judicial Court . In Massachusetts , prosecutors and state lawmakers called for a revision of the law . After state House Speaker Robert DeLeo said the legislature would seek to close the loophole in the law quickly , the House and state Senate on Thursday passed a bill making "  upskirting " illegal , with the measure going to the governor for signing . Armed with smartphones , iPads or other high-tech gadgetry , peeping Toms are snapping pictures of unsuspecting women in public places and sharing the images on the Web . Keyword searches on web browsers and social media sites such as Facebook and Instragram turn up multiple hits for "  upskirting " and "  downblousing " sites displaying surreptitious images of women 's private body areas . "  There 's an epidemic around street harassment broadly , but also we 've received tons of ` upskirt ' reports as well , " said Emily May , executive director of ihollaback.org , a Web site that encourages women to share their stories and cell phone photographs of harassers and peeping Toms . "  I think there 's a fear among people that you could have an ` upskirt ' photo taken of you and never realize it . Your crotch could be on the Internet and you may never know about it . " Knecht said some states have taken steps to deal with high-tech peeping , but many others have failed to update antiquated voyeurism laws that are on the books . In Florida , for instance , video voyeurism is a felony . Washington state changed its law to add language noting that people have an expectation of privacy in public as well as private spaces . Knecht said states such as Kentucky , Mississippi , New Hampshire , New Mexico , North Dakota and Wisconsin have not updated laws to make the distribution of such images or videos on the Web a crime . In 2004 , Congress passed a federal law making it a crime to photograph people 's "  private area  s  " on federal properties , including national parks and military bases or to broadcast such images . But states are responsible for making high-tech peeping a crime elsewhere . "  We do n't know how many  incidents  happen and victims do n't know about it , " Knecht said . "  But when the cases do come , I think that we need laws that cover them . What we know about these cases is , it 's not only one picture taken for somebody 's personal gratification . That happens sometimes . But other times people are taking the pictures and putting them on the Internet and they 're going even international . It 's not just one instance of victimization , it 's many . " Susan Gallagher , a professor of political science at the University of Massachusetts Lowell whose specialty is gender , privacy and politics , said that stricter "  upskirting " laws could make the practice more tantalizing to voyeurs . "  It 's only because it 's creepy that people do this , " she said . "  You could see obviously a lot more of women 's bodies in other places . ` Upskirting ' does n't really reveal much of women 's bodies . You could see way more on the Internet if you just wanted to . " She added , "  I think the only thrill is the surreptitiousness of it . She does n't know . She 's sort of turned into , like , this passive object . " Gallagher said that snapping pictures of perpetrators and making them public is more of a deterrent . "  That 's much more effective , " she said . "  The picture takers do n't want to be outed . You 're shaming them . " When Gallagher lived in New York City , she said , men exposed themselves to her on two occasions . "  The way I got back was I did n't react , " she said . "  I said , ` Oh , hello , ' as if there was nothing going on . He was crestfallen . He wanted me to be shocked . I think the picture taking is the same sort of defense . You 're going against the expectations of the perpetrator . " But May said the hollaback ! site -- backed by activists in 71 cities and 24 countries -- is not about revenge . In fact , the group prefers educating harassers than penalizing them , she said : "  We 're really trying to bring awareness . " Still , May said there is value in the digital stories and pictures from victims . "  What 's amazing about it is your ability to turn the lens on them right when you 're being harassed , " she said . "  It 's certainly a very empowering thing . "	Subject of modern-day peeping Toms brought to light by Massachusetts court ruling Voyeurs engage in disturbing practice of "  upskirting " and "  downblousing " Photos are taken with smartphones and other high-tech gadgetry Victims often do not know they are subjects of revealing photos
CNN  -- Roger Federer has told CNN he may make another attempt to win the Olympic singles gold medal he craves in Rio in four years ' time . The world No. 1 was pipped to the London 2012 crown by Britain 's Andy Murray -- the man Federer beat to secure his seventh Wimbledon title just over a month ago . The 30-year-old has won 17 grand slams in his illustrious career and took gold in the doubles with Stanislas Wawrinka in Beijing four years ago , but he has failed to win the singles title in four attempts . Despite the disappointment he felt at being brushed aside 6-2 6-1 6-4 by Murray and missing out on topping the podium , Federer did at least claim his first solo medal . "  I 'm not sure yet , it 's four years away . I can retire in the meantime and come again ! " Federer told CNN about his hopes of an Olympic appearance in Brazil . "  But I 'm not going to do that , I 'm going to keep on playing . I hope I can do it . I 'm turning 31 in a few days , so I 'll be 35 for Rio -- I think it 's possible but we 'll see how it goes . " Murray conquers Federer to take Olympic gold at Wimbledon A gold medal would have capped a perfect month for Federer , after his victory at Wimbledon catapulted him back to the top of the world rankings . And once the bitter sting of defeat on Centre Court had subsided , Federer insisted finally getting his hands on a singles medal tempered the disappointment of his straight-sets loss . "  I 'd have to say I was very disappointed for three to five minutes , " he said . "  I was in a little room waiting for the ceremony , I saw Del Potro and Murray and I saw how happy they were for gold , for bronze . "  Of course I 'd just lost my match where Del Potro had to win the bronze over Djokovic . So I was in the middle and I was the only one who 'd lost that day . "  I thought , ` Hmmm , I could either be sad right now , extremely sad , or extremely proud and happy , ' and I chose to be extremely happy and proud . "  It was a dream summer for me . I won Wimbledon and I returned to world No. 1 and I tried everything I could to win Olympic gold , and I just came up against a better player on the day . "  So for me silver is the maximum I could get out of the Olympics this time around . I was just extremely happy , like a little kid there on the podium . " Supreme Serena crushes Sharapova to achieve the Golden Slam Murray 's victory offered the Scot recompense for his heartbreaking defeat in the Wimbledon final -- the first time a British male had reached the showpiece event since 1938 . The 25-year-old beat former world No. 1 Novak Djokovic on his way to the final , and also claimed silver in the mixed doubles with Laura Robson . And Federer paid tribute to his rival for winning his first major tennis title less than a month after losing his fourth grand slam final . "  I thought he played great , " Federer said . "  What a champion , to come back from losing in the finals of Wimbledon , resting , preparing . "  With the pressure , okay he had home advantage -- you can see that as an advantage or a disadvantage -- but for him to come back and win the Olympics , people sort of expected him to maybe do that . Why Federer 's friend flew the Swiss flag "  But he came through Djokovic and through me , who he lost to at the finals at Wimbledon , that 's the sign of a champion . "  I always knew he had it in him but it was good to see he did n't let his head hang and was disappointed and upset and sour about his loss at Wimbledon . "  He should have been proud of it and that 's what I told him then . I hope he enjoys this victory like he should because it was a big victory for him . " Federer survives marathon semifinal Federer admitted his challenge for the gold was dampened by his marathon semifinal against Argentina 's Juan Martin del Potro -- the longest in Olympic history at four hours and 26 minutes . The deciding set was eventually won 19-17 by Federer but the Swiss refused to blame tiredness for his lackluster performance . "  I missed a lot of opportunities , I think I made zero of nine break points and he made four out of 10 . We were n't that far away from each other but he pulled away , " he said . "  I think with the crowd he got momentum and it was hard to stop . Maybe emotionally I was a bit drained , or physically a bit slow at times after the Del Potro match , but I had a day to rest so no excuses , he was the better player on the day . "  I have regrets , a little bit , but I tried everything I could but it was n't enough . "	World No. 1 Roger Federer wants to compete at the 2016 Olympics in Rio Federer was beaten to gold in the men 's singles at the Games by Andy Murray The Swiss has competed in four Olympics but this was his first singles medal The 16-time Grand Slam won doubles gold with Stanislas Wawrinka in 2008
Los Angeles  CNN  -- A California city filed for bankruptcy Wednesday , the third in the Golden State to do so in recent weeks , stoking experts ' concerns that other cities could follow suit . The city of San Bernardino , with more than 200,000 residents on the eastern tip of greater Los Angeles , "  filed an emergency petition for Chapter 9 Bankruptcy " with a regional U.S. bankruptcy court , according to a news release from the city 's interim manager . The other two to file recently were Stockton , with around 300,000 residents , according to 2010 U.S. census data , and Mammoth Lakes , a resort town , where visitors and seasonal residents outnumber the just over 8,000 permanent inhabitants . Why U.S. cities are going bankrupt Many municipalities in the Golden State and around the nation are struggling to cover their costs as the economic malaise continues to hurt tax revenue streams , experts said . This will lead to more municipal bankruptcies , which have been rare until now . "  This is not the end . This is the beginning , " Peter Navarro , business professor at University of California , Irvine , told CNN recently . "  As cities see it can be done and is being done , it will give them the idea to do it . " Eric Hoffman , an analyst at Moody 's Investor Service agreed , saying more city bankruptcies are likely in California and throughout the nation . Cities have also struggled from budget changes made on the state level . Because of massive budget shortfalls , Gov. Jerry Brown and the state legislature made changes to vehicle tax money and redevelopment agencies that stripped locales of hundreds of millions in state funding . San Bernardino said it will continue to provide services during the bankruptcy phase . Rhode Island city asks retirees to cut their pensions "  There will be no immediate service reductions or changes in service to the community as a result of the filing , " interim city manager Andrea Travis-Miller said Wednesday . But "  reductions may occur " in the future . In a prior statement Travis-Miller hinted the city may continue to "  negotiate in good faith with its creditors . " In early July , Miller and finance director Jason Simpson issued a report stating that the city was facing insolvency and its expenditures were projected to exceed revenues by $ 45 million . The city 's general fund reserves had been as high as $ 19 million in 2001 but are now depleted , the report said . "  The city has reached a breaking point , " the report said . Some $ 10 million to $ 16 million in annual revenue has evaporated in recent years as taxable sales dried up and property values plummeted in the city , the report said . Mammoth Lakes sought protection July 2 after a property developer won a $ 43 million court judgment against the resort town . Experts say this filing should not be lumped in with the other two California municipal bankruptcies since it was an unusual circumstance . Stockton , however , filed for bankruptcy in late June after three months of mediation when creditors failed to close a $ 26 million budget shortfall . The city had already addressed $ 90 million in deficits over the past three years , mainly through reducing services and employee compensation . Video : Declaring bankruptcy in Harrisburg Both Stockton 's and San Bernardino 's fiscal troubles are due in large part to the massive housing downturn and recession that swept across California . Both towns were hit particularly hard by the foreclosure crisis , which left numerous abandoned homes and reduced property values in its wake . That led to lower property tax revenues , critical to supporting public services . While some areas of the Golden State are starting to recover , the regions containing those two towns are not , said Chris McKenna , executive director of the League of California Cities . By filing for bankruptcy , cities will be able to keep police and firefighters on the street and possibly keep some parks and libraries open while they work out their finances , he said . CNNMoney 's Tami Luhby contributed to this report .	San Bernardino has lost revenues in the housing and economic downturns The city is at the eastern tip of the greater Los Angeles area Expert : City bankruptcies could increase , if other cities see it can be done The city faced a $ 45 million shortfall as millions in revenues have evaporated
CNN  -- Over the past few days , politicians and experts have been debating the merits of the Obama administration 's strategy in Iraq -- or whether there is in fact a strategy . The debate generally ignores a key underlying fact : The United States no longer has the ability or the will to shape the outcome in Iraq to the degree that American policy makers would like . At the same time , politicians on both sides of the aisle appear constrained in their ability to talk candidly about U.S. foreign policy objectives and strategy because of concerns about domestic public opinion and so they often default to partisan sound bites . In an ideal world , U.S. strategy would be carefully calibrated and aimed at a number of political , military and economic goals for the country and the region . Yet the dynamics of the U.S. relationship with Iraq is similar to most dysfunctional relationships in which problematic patterns repeat and persist over time . One party may in fact be able to change the entrenched dysfunctional behavior of another person at the margins , but at the end of the day , countries -- as do people -- need to take responsibility for their behavior , their mistakes and their future . How religion could complicate U.S. intervention in Iraq Unfortunately , the reality is that after more than 10 years of trying to shape outcomes in Iraq , the United States is forced to acknowledge it does n't have the leverage we expected . The next best option is to find a solution that encompasses our values but does n't err on the side of unrealistic idealism . America 's greatest failure has perhaps been our unwavering belief that we are always able to positively influence and shape the behavior of others through rhetoric , coercion , force and diplomacy . Leverage , as the United States has historically defined it , is not as relevant in today 's conflicts . However , the conditions are not ripe for the United States to pull Iraq out of this quagmire given the lack of interest in America after over a decade of war and the political gridlock here and in Iraq . In our time as analysts at the CIA , we were asked to present the opposite of what political punditry and partisan speeches tend to do . We were often asked to outline worst-case scenarios , speak truth to power and accurately assess dynamics on the ground . We were not supposed to sugarcoat our analysis to make it more palatable or to cater to the audience with empty words or false optimism . We were trained to try to objectively assess and analyze the veracity of reporting to help inform policymakers ' decisions . So , while it may not be politically popular for a leader or a president to say that "  we ca n't influence longer-term outcomes to the degree that we 'd like in Iraq , so we are adopting a strategy to avert worst-case scenarios and contain catastrophe , " this is precisely the strategy we believe ought to be adopted right now . We need an honest strategy based on containing catastrophe . In other words , our strategy at this point ought to be designed to thwart the worst outcomes from occurring and it should focus on preventing moral , humanitarian and security catastrophes . The United States can make a significant difference in the lives of Iraqis and in the realm of our own national security even if the future of Iraq ultimately rests in hands of Iraqis . The Islamic State , known by the acronym ISIS , is on a rampage to take over and control territory . The United States must degrade ISIS capabilities so that it is unable to launch a significant terrorist attack on U.S. interests  or a large mass casualty attack anywhere in the world  . ISIS is a product of Abu Musab al-Zarqawi 's organization dating back to the invasion of Iraq in 2003 . After Zarqawi was killed in 2006 , the Islamic State of Iraq emerged from his original organization and began to flourish . ISIS has capitalized on  former  Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki 's unwillingness to work with the local Sunni populations and the power vacuum left by Bashar al-Assad 's regime in Syria . ISIS and Zarqawi 's organization have thrived on sectarian violence , but ISIS has managed to professionalize military and humanitarian aid . As ISIS disperses and embeds in populated areas , it will become more difficult to root out . Its possible Achilles heel is the eventual erosion of local support from Sunnis while ISIS asserts control to govern and maintain territory . This gives the U.S. an opening to work with the Iraq and Kurdish government , in addition to regional allies , by helping to resolve a humanitarian crisis and limiting the group 's ability to acquire new territory for safe haven . The U.S. ought to continue targeted airstrikes with cooperation from Iraqi security forces and allies -- whether that takes days , weeks or months . Second , we can and should prevent the potential for genocide or ethnic cleansing in Iraq . Arguing that the United States has n't acted in other areas of the world or ca n't act in every single case of violence is not an argument against acting when we are able to make a difference . And , we are able to make a difference right now in northern Iraq at a moment of crisis -- such as the operation underway assisting those stranded and dying on Mount Sinjar -- and we should also turn our eyes to the humanitarian crisis in Syria , where the U.S. can also make difference . If the U.S. can support the local population and help to bolster local governments , ISIS will have a much more difficult time recruiting and controlling territory . Jabhat al-Nusra is an example of how successfully terrorist organizations can galvanize support and generate influence among local populations through charitable efforts . Third , we must prevent terrorist groups operating in Iraq and Syria from acquiring biological or chemical weapons that they would be able to use in a mass casualty attack . From a national security perspective , it 's important to remember Syria 's al-Assad has not relinquished all of his chemical and biological weapons . The last thing we want is for these to fall in the hands of ISIS . Why does the U.S. intervene militarily in Iraq but not in Syria ? Fourth , ISIS has attracted young fighters who understand how to talk to prospective recruits through all forms of media . Some of those recruits are Western passport holders and they are possibly the largest number of Western citizens identified fighting alongside a terrorist organization . Not only do they pose a threat in the region , individuals can also be difficult to track from the war theater when returning home . Lastly , the United States should work to maintain the security of its embassies and consulates . The recent evacuations and relocations of staff are a troublesome trend  albeit for the safety and security of diplomatic personnel  . Ensuring that our diplomats are able to safely operate and function in foreign countries , especially Iraq , is critical . Any type of serious attack on an embassy or U.S. personnel working in the country would make it increasingly difficult for the United States to address the issues we discuss above . In addition , maintaining a functioning embassy is important for information collection , assessing progress and being able to work with Iraqis -- particularly on the political side of the equation . A foreign policy strategy speech predicated on containing catastrophe might not be a speech that inspires the American public , but it is an honest strategy that would be based on a realistic approach to our foreign policy in Iraq . Such an approach is good for America 's national security and for addressing the humanitarian concerns of those suffering during crisis . Join us on Facebook.com / CNNOpinion .	Former CIA analysts : After 10 years , U.S. has limited ability to change things in Iraq They say the U.S. goal should be to contain the problem and prevent catastrophe Analysts : U.S. is right to address humanitarian crisis on Mount Sinjar America must ensure that ISIS does n't acquire chemical , biological weapons , they say
CNN  -- In April 1964 , only a few months after President John F. Kennedy was assassinated , his widow Jacqueline Kennedy wrote to Kay Halle -- an old family friend of both the Kennedys and the Churchills -- and gave a glimpse of the dark melancholy that shrouded her . Jackie mentioned an Easter trip with her children , Caroline and John Jr. , and expressed hope the holiday might renew her spirits . "  I hope it will give me via fresh air some new energy -- as I just have had none lately & can not even touch the ever growing piles on my desk , " she wrote to Halle . "  But this spring maybe everything will be better -- Love Jackie . " Jackie Kennedy 's letters underline the behind-the-scenes role of Halle , who urged President Kennedy to bestow honorary U.S. citizenship upon Winston Churchill at special 1963 Rose Garden ceremony . But more importantly , the Halle correspondence provides further insight into the first lady 's relationship with JFK during their White House years and the painful aftermath of her husband 's November 1963 killing . During the past decade , the private letters of Jacqueline Kennedy have slowly come to light . Most were kept private for many years in archives , away from public scrutiny . As a result , history has been deprived of important , albeit disturbing , facts surrounding the assassination and its effect on those closest to JFK -- especially his widow , whose grief included suicidal thoughts expressed to a priest . To be sure , a generation of Americans admired Jacqueline Kennedy 's extraordinary grace and courage during her husband 's funeral and were naturally protective of her privacy when she was alive . But a wealth of letters and other documents -- including an extensive oral history by Mrs. Kennedy kept under wraps at the JFK Library until 2011 -- remained out of sight , well past her death in 1994 , leaving the historical record incomplete . Now a half century later , it is time for all the Jacqueline Kennedy letters to be available for historians , allowing for a more full and accurate understanding about one of the most dramatic moments in 20th century U.S. history . Efforts by the Kennedy family to keep these letters at bay only mute our comprehension of what truly happened on that tragic day in Dallas and the kind of psychological damage that gun violence can wreak on the lives of innocent survivors . The existence of Jackie 's letters was unknown to me until I stumbled upon some in preparing a 2003 book about how the Kennedys ' Irish Catholic immigrant background influenced their personal and public lives . During my research , three people suggested speaking with the Rev. Richard McSorley , a Jesuit friend of Robert F. Kennedy 's family , though none apparently knew of McSorley 's involvement with Jackie . McSorley surprisingly told me how he counseled a grief-stricken Jackie for several months beginning in April 1964 . He provided "  tennis lessons " to Jackie at RFK 's Virginia home while helping the widowed first lady through her agony and depression . McSorley later allowed me to review his personal files at Georgetown University 's library . There I found several remarkable letters and documents about Jackie Kennedy 's emotional struggles . She shared her doubts about God , fate , a heavenly afterlife with her slain husband , and her children 's immediate future . "  Do you think God would separate me from my husband if I killed myself ? " Jackie asked the priest . "  It is so hard to bear . I feel as though I am going out of my mind at times . Would n't God understand that I just want to be with him ? " Georgetown later held a press conference about the "  unique historical window " McSorley 's papers provided . But soon after a complaint from the Kennedy family , Georgetown access was closed to Jackie 's letters in McSorley 's files . Similar letters , though , would turn up elsewhere . In May 2014 , a batch of 33 Jackie letters to an Irish priest , the Rev. Joseph Leonard , whom she first met in the early 1950s , were headed for auction until the Kennedys objected to their disclosure . These letters , containing sentiments similar to those Jackie confided to McSorley , were published by various publications but were eventually returned to the Kennedy family , reportedly at the direction of Caroline Kennedy , her daughter . They are no longer public . More letters from Jackie Kennedy turned up in the files of Halle , made available in June 2011 at the JFK Library . I describe them in my new book about the Churchills and the Kennedys . After Halle offered successful suggestions for JFK 's 1961 inaugural celebration , Jackie Kennedy sought advice about Washington 's social scene . Her letter reflects the anxiety of a woman in her early 30s wanting to please her husband in her new role as first lady . "  One thing I wish you could help me with , " Jackie wrote in her fragmented longhand sentences to Halle . "  Is it enough to just keep doing things in a private way -- as one would do if not President -- Go to the theatres , symphonies , etc. and try to have the entertainment at the  White House  be substantial -- ... But that is so little -- Do you think we should have an enormous reception at the W. House for artists -- that seems rather treating them like freaks -- I try to work some into every State dinner -- but that 's a tiny drop in the bucket -- If you have a brainstorm do tell me . " Jackie let Kay Halle know how to send notes to her social secretary 's attention so that she 'd read them personally . "  Put your name on the letter and SPECIAL --  my code for getting my own mail !  " she instructed . After JFK 's assassination and the 1965 death of Winston Churchill , Halle remained in touch with both families . She later asked Jackie and her second husband Aristotle Onassis to contribute to a book of remembrances about Winston Churchill 's son , Randolph , who died in 1968 . "  You know how Jack and Bobby loved him -- but did you know how my son John loved him ? " Jackie asked Halle about Randolph . Around her children , Jackie wrote , Randolph "  was completely himself -- and never changed gears for them . " In her essay for Halle 's book , Jackie recalled how Randolph gave her son , John Jr. , a complete set of Winston Churchill 's books -- including his masterful biography about John Marlborough , a fabled Churchill ancestor -- which she kept in the Kennedys ' Fifth Avenue apartment in Manhattan . "  They are in the bookshelves in the dining room , beside Jack 's Marlborough , which he read when he had scarlet fever as a boy , and the Churchill books he had at Harvard , " Jackie recalled . Uncertain of what her son 's future might bring , Jackie told Halle that she hoped President Kennedy 's heir might discover lessons about greatness from these bound volumes , just as other men had . "  If , when he is older , he finds in them what his father found in them -- that would be this strange , touching legacy of Randolph 's , " Jackie concluded . "  Winston Churchill and Randolph outlived Jack -- but maybe Randolph will be the one to draw John to the books that shaped John 's father . " Documents like these are essential tools to gaining a clear and complete understanding our past . Surely , both JFK and Jackie Kennedy , with their keen sense of history , would have understood .	Thomas Maier : Jackie Kennedy letters show emotions of young first lady , later grieving widow Maier : She puzzled over social protocols as first lady ; pondered suicide when JFK killed He says letters a crucial part of historical record , yet have been pulled back by Kennedy family Maier : Those that have been seen have been revelatory . They should be public
CNN  -- Engineers have restored propulsion power to a cruise ship carrying about 1,000 people after it was left adrift off Indonesia by an engine fire , cruise company Azamara Club Cruises said . The ship is now sailing directly to Sandakan , in Malaysia , at a speed of between three and six knots and is expected to arrive within 24 to 48 hours , the company said . The Philippines Navy said it had sent a patrol boat which is accompanying the cruise ship . All of the nearly 600 passengers on board the Azamara Quest are safe but five crew members suffered smoke inhalation during the fire , the company said in an online statement . One crew member who was more seriously injured is doing better but will be taken to a hospital as soon as the ship reaches shore , it said . "  The damage caused by the fire will require us to cancel the rest of Azamara Quest 's voyage once the ship arrives in Sandakan , " it said . As of Saturday morning local time , the ship was located 200 miles off the port city of Balikpapan , on the Indonesian island of Borneo , in calm seas , the company said . The fire broke out at about 8:20 p.m. local time in one of the ship 's engine rooms , where it was contained and quickly extinguished , the company said . Power was restored to one of the engines late Friday , allowing the ship to restart its air conditioning , running water , plumbing and refrigeration , Azamara Club Cruises said . The fire broke out after the Azamara Quest had set sail from Manila , in the Philippines , Officer Francis Wong , chief of communications for the Philippines Navy , told CNN . The ship 's captain reported the fire to the Philippine naval authorities , who sent a Cessna aircraft and two patrol gun boats to the cruise ship in response , he said . As of noon Friday Philippine time the fire was under control , he said . "  When we left the ship was safe and close to Palawan , " he said , referring to an island province in the Philippines . The Azamara Quest was on a 17-night sailing voyage that departed Hong Kong , China , on March 26 , and was due to include port calls in the Philippines , Borneo and Indonesia before concluding in Singapore on April 12 . Anyone booked on the Azamara Quest for a cruise starting April 12 is advised by Azamara Club Cruises to check the company 's website on Monday for an update . Azamara Club Cruises , which operates two cruise liners , is part of the giant Royal Caribbean Cruises group . CNN 's Laura Smith-Spark , Kim Chakanetsa and Aliza Kassim contributed to this report .	NEW : Propulsion power is restored and the Azamara Quest is heading for Malaysia The Azamara Quest was left adrift 200 miles off Indonesia after an engine fire All the passengers on board are safe but 5 crew are injured , Azamara Club Cruises says The fire broke out after the ship carrying 1,000 people set sail from Manila , in the Philippines
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- One of two American service members who were abducted in Afghanistan on Friday has been killed , provincial government officials said Sunday . Den Mohammad Darwish , the spokesman for the governor of Logar province , said he learned from locals that the American was killed . He said the body was found in the Patanak Mountains of Charkh district . He also said the vehicle the men were driving was located Sunday . A Taliban spokesman confirmed that the killed American died in a firefight and the other is being held by the group . Another official , Samar Gul Rashid -- who is the governor of the Charkh district in Logar province -- also confirmed the killing , saying he learned about it through Afghan intelligence officials . In releasing a statement Sunday , the Navy confirmed that the two missing service members are sailors . "  The thoughts and prayers of our entire Navy go out to the missing sailors serving in Afghanistan and their families , " said Adm. Gary Roughead , chief of U.S. naval operations , in the statement . "  We have been closely following the situation from the outset . These sailors represent two of several thousand sailors serving on the ground in Afghanistan in support of U.S. Forces-Afghanistan and the International Security Assistance Force Afghanistan . "  Forces on the ground in Afghanistan are doing everything they can to locate and safely return our missing shipmates , " Roughead said . Rashid said the second sailor , who was also abducted , is wounded and still missing . Taliban spokesman Zabiullah Mujahid said the two Americans were driving in a civilian vehicle in the village of Dasht , in Charkh district . The Taliban wanted to take both men alive , but the firefight broke out , killing one of the Americans , Mujahid said . The other is alive and being held in a safe location , he said There were no immediate demands from the Taliban for the return of the Americans because the group was still deliberating what its demands would be , Mujahid said . A U.S. military official confirmed that a $ 20,000 reward was being offered for information leading to the return of the two sailors . Posters were being distributed in the region . Adm. Mike Mullen told reporters earlier Sunday that he could not give out any information . But he did call it an "  unusual circumstance " to have two individuals leave the base and drive over an hour away in a non-military vehicle . The two went missing after leaving their compound in the Afghan capital of Kabul , NATO said . An Afghan intelligence source told CNN that the two were abducted in Logar province , south of Kabul . The development comes as five U.S. soldiers were killed in bombings in southern Afghanistan on Saturday . CNN 's Atia Abawi and Barbara Starr contributed to this report .	NEW : Two U.S. sailors missing , Navy confirms Afghan official says body of killed service member has been found U.S. military officials say the two went missing in Kabul Afghan official says he learned of the death from locals
DENVER , Colorado  CNN  -- Serving time for lesser crimes , Scott Kimball is leading investigators to bodies . Scott Kimball is currently serving a 48-year sentence on theft and habitual criminal convictions . Partly mummified bones thought to be those of his uncle , Terry Kimball , were discovered Monday in a remote Rocky Mountain pass near Vail , Colorado . DNA tests are pending to confirm the victim 's identity , and the cause of death is pending a forensic examination , authorities said . Terry Kimball is one of several suspected homicide victims associated with Scott Kimball since his jailing in 2008 . He is serving a 48-year sentence in state prison in Fairplay , Colorado , on theft and habitual criminal convictions . Kimball will also serve a 70-month federal sentence on firearms charges after the state sentence . The firearms charges led to Kimball 's 18th conviction . However , Kimball probably will not be charged in any of the deaths . Sources with knowledge of the cases said Kimball 's December 2008 plea to theft and habitual criminal charges , and the 48-year sentence , was part of a deal that included revealing the locations of the bodies . Authorities wanted to give victims ' families resolution . Without his cooperation , authorities doubt they have enough evidence to convict him . Earlier this year , Kimball revealed where the remains thought to be his uncle 's were , according to law enforcement sources close to the case . However , the search was delayed until snow had melted . The FBI would not confirm that Kimball , 42 , identified the site . However , FBI spokeswoman Kathleen Wright said , "  we went to  a  specific location for a specific reason . It was n't random . " Terry Kimball , 60 at the time , was last seen with Scott Kimball in September 2004 , according to a 2007 federal search warrant affidavit . Scott Kimball told his wife that his uncle had won the lottery and left for Mexico with a stripper , the affidavit said , but FBI investigators think Kimball killed his uncle and dumped his body in Vail Pass , more than 100 miles from the home they shared in a Denver suburb . In March , Kimball accompanied FBI investigators to southeastern Utah to search for the body of Leann Emry , who was 24 when she vanished after departing on a camping trip in 2003 . FBI agents found Emry 's remains shortly after Kimball returned to jail . Kaysi McLeod was 19 when she disappeared in 2003 . McLeod , the daughter of Kimball 's ex-wife , was last seen getting a ride to work from Kimball , according to the 2007 affidavit . In fall 2007 , a hunter found her remains in northwest Colorado . Kimball is also suspected in the disappearance of exotic dancer Jennifer Marcum , who disappeared in 2003 , according to the affidavit . Sources close to the investigation say they think Kimball killed Marcum and buried her body near Rifle , Colorado . Authorities have not found her remains . "  We are continuing to look for Jennifer , and we will leave no stone unturned , " Wright said . Kimball drew the FBI 's attention in 2002 while jailed for writing bad checks . Kimball offered authorities information about his cellmate , Steven Ennis , who was suspected in a drug ring , according to the 2007 affidavit . After Kimball served his sentence , the FBI began paying him as an informant . Kimball was supposed to report back to the FBI on Marcum , Ennis ' former girlfriend , when she disappeared . The FBI would not reveal how long or how much Kimball was paid . He was arrested again in March 2006 near Palm Springs , California , after a police chase and standoff .	Habitual felon likely to avoid charges in presumed murders of four people Scott Kimball 's plea deal includes revealing location of bodies , sources say Authorities say all four people were last seen with Kimball
CNN  -- Longtime men 's college basketball coach Rick Majerus , who led Utah to the NCAA final in 1998 , died Saturday from heart problems . He was 64 . Majerus recently left Saint Louis University , where he had coached for the past five years , for health reasons . "  Nobody loved basketball and teaching kids more that Rick , " Billikens interim head coach Jim Crews said in a statement . "  His passion for the game and the coaching profession was unparalleled . Rick was a true friend and was always there when needed . I , along with so many others , am going to miss him . " Majerus had ongoing health problems for years , dating back to his days as Utah 's coach . Saint Louis director of athletics Chris May said the Billikens team was informed Saturday afternoon that Majerus ' condition was deteriorating . The school announced November 19 that Majerus would not return to coach because of his heart condition . In 25 years , Majerus coached at four schools , taking 12 teams to the NCAA tournament . He had just one losing season . His record was 517-216 , which included two 30-win seasons and 15 20-win seasons . Majerus got his start at Marquette as an assistant to Al McGuire . He was at Marquette from 1983 to 1986 and then at Ball State from 1987 to 1989 . The apex of Majerus ' career came at Utah , where he went 323-95 from 1989 to 2004 . In 1998 , he led the Utes to the NCAA championship game , losing to Kentucky . Three of Majerus ' players at Utah were NBA draft picks -- including Keith Van Horn as the No. 2 overall pick in 1997 . "  Rick left a lasting legacy at the University of Utah , not only for his incredible success and the national prominence he brought to our basketball program , but also for the tremendous impact he made on the young men who were fortunate enough to play on his teams , " Utah Director of Athletics Chris Hill said in a statement . "  His standard of excellence extended beyond the basketball court and into the academic and personal success of his players . He will be deeply missed and we grieve for his family and all of his friends . " During Majerus ' final stop , at Saint Louis , the Billikens went 95-69 under his tenure . Last season , Majerus led Saint Louis to the round of 32 in the NCAA tournament . It was the program 's first NCAA tournament win since 1998 . "  Coach Majerus put his heart and soul into the Billiken program , and for that we will be eternally grateful , " May said in a statement . "  What I will remember most about Rick 's tenure at SLU was his enduring passion to see his players excel both on and off the court . Wins and losses meant a lot to him , but no more than to see our student-athletes succeed in the classroom . He truly embraced the term ` student-athlete , ' and I think that will be his lasting legacy . "	"  Nobody loved basketball and teaching kids more that Rick , " Saint Louis coach says Majerus had just one losing season in 25 years At Utah , he went 323-95 from 1989 to 2004 Majerus emphasized success in the classroom , not just on the court
CNN  -- Chelsea has rewarded Roberto di Matteo for guiding the English club to its first European Champions League triumph by appointing him as manager on a permanent basis . The Italian , who also guided the London team to English FA Cup glory , has been handed a two-year contract . The former Chelsea midfielder took temporary charge of the team following the sacking of Andre Villas-Boas in March , having previously served as the Portuguese 's assistant . "  Chelsea football club is delighted to announce that Roberto Di Matteo has been appointed manager and first-team coach on a permanent basis , " the four-time English champion 's website reported Wednesday . Di Matteo , who played for Chelsea between 1996 and 2002 , oversaw the team 's dramatic penalty shootout win in European club football 's biggest match in May . "  I 'm obviously delighted to have been appointed as manager and first-team coach , " the former West Bromwich Albion and MK Dons manager said . "  We all achieved incredible success last season that made history for this great club . Our aim is to continue building on that and I 'm already planning and looking forward to the squad 's return for preseason . " Chelsea chief executive Ron Gourlay said he was confident the former Italy international could continue his early success . "  Roberto 's quality was clear for all to see when he galvanized the squad last season and helped the club make history , and the owner and board are very pleased he will be continuing his good work , " said Gourlay . "  We will be working closely with Roberto in the weeks ahead , some exciting signings have already been made and Roberto has had input into those . "  Although he has set the bar very high in the short time he has been in charge , we know that Roberto is the right man to lead Chelsea onto further success . " Chelsea 's Russian owner Roman Abramovich has already bankrolled two big-money signings in recent months , in a bid to improve on a sixth-place Premier League finish last season -- the club 's worst position during his eight-year reign . Germany playmaker Marko Marin has been signed from Bundesliga team Werder Bremen , while highly-rated Belgium attacker Eden Hazard has been recruited from Lille in France . Meanwhile , the Premier League has sold its UK live television rights for 2013-16 for Â # 3.018 billion  $ 4.7 billion  to current broadcaster Sky and newcomer BT . The deal is Â # 1.254 billion  $ 1.95 billion  higher than the present one shared by Sky and ESPN , which took over the packages held by financially troubled Setanta Sports in 2009 but missed out completely this time . Sky has five of the seven packages , for 116 matches in total , while multinational telecoms company BT will show 38 games live .	Roberto di Matteo has been appointed permanent manager of Chelsea The Italian guided Chelsea to their first European Champions League triumph in May Former Chelsea player also led the club to FA Cup success Premier League nets an increase of $ 1.95 billion in its new UK television deal
CNN  -- A motorist fired pepper spray Saturday at a group of demonstrators and counter-protesters outside a funeral for a U.S. Marine in Omaha , Nebraska , police said . The incident occurred shortly before 10 a.m.  11 a.m. ET  as members of a small Kansas church that protests at military funerals and counter-protesters stood nearly a block away from First United Methodist Church during services for Staff Sgt. Michael Bock , 26 , who died August 13 in Afghanistan 's Helmand province . A man in a Ford-150 pickup truck drove by , extended his arm and sprayed with a large can , police said . His vehicle was stopped a few minutes later . "  Initial indications are he was probably targeting the Westboro Baptist Church " protesters , said officer Michael Pecha , a spokesman for Omaha police . Hear from a CNN iReporter hit with pepper spray at the event George Vogel , 62 , who lives just north of Omaha , was booked for 16 counts of misdemeanor assault and one count of felony assault on a police officer for the pepper-spray exposure , police said . Vogel also faces one count of child neglect because his child was in the truck , Pecha told CNN . Westboro members , led by pastor Fred Phelps , believe God is punishing the United States for "  the sin of homosexuality " through events including soldiers ' deaths . Members have traveled the country , shouting at grieving family members at funerals and displaying such signs as "  Thank God for Dead Soldiers , " "  God Blew Up the Troops " and "  AIDS Cures Fags . " A 2005 protest by church members at the funeral of a Missouri soldier prompted state lawmakers to pass legislation criminalizing picketing "  in front or about " a funeral location or procession . A federal judge earlier this month rejected Missouri 's tight restrictions , saying they violated the free speech clause of the First Amendment . It was unclear Saturday evening exactly who had been pepper sprayed , but a Westboro member said no one in her group was affected . The incident occurred during the funeral and while nearly 600 members of the Patriot Guard Riders ringed the church and stood vigil , the group 's state leader said . Scott Knudsen , Patriot Guard Riders captain for Nebraska , said no members of the Patriot Guard had any interaction with the church members or counter-protesters , which he numbered Saturday at about 12 . "  We do n't get close to them , " Knudsen said of the Westboro members . "  We have our backs to them . " Patriot Guard members , who come when they are invited by families , shield families from distraction , Knudsen said . "  We do n't condone counter-protesters , " said Knudsen , adding he was troubled by Saturday 's incident . "  It 's inappropriate , " he said . "  It 's a funeral service . " Pecha also said that there were no altercations between Westboro members and the Patriot Guard . Shirley Phelps-Roper , a member of Westboro Baptist Church , said Omaha police did not adequately control roughly 30 counter-protesters , who she said jostled with church members . She also challenged Knudsen 's and Pecha 's account , saying a few Patriot Guard members were among the counter-protesters . The group was about 1,000 feet from the church when the driver came by . "  Of course it was directed at us , " Phelps-Roper , who is Fred Phelps ' daughter , said of the pepper spray . None of the 16 Westboro members on the corner were affected because they raised signs to shield themselves or turned away , Phelps-Roper said . The group returned home shortly afterward . Extra officers were on hand for any possible altercations , but there were only verbal exchanges before the truck drove up , police said . CNN 's Phil Gast contributed to this report .	NEW : Church member says police did n't control counter-protesters A motorist fires pepper spray on a crowd outside a funeral for a Marine Protesters from Westboro Baptist Church were in Omaha , Nebraska An Omaha resident faces felony and misdemeanor assault charges
Sittwe , Myanmar  CNN  Everyone you talk to from this country 's Rohingya minority knows someone who attempted the dangerous and illegal journey by sea : a relative , neighbor or friend . In recent weeks , the United Nations says there has been a surge of boat people , hundreds of Rohingya cramming into small boats and leaving on a daily basis . They surrender themselves to human traffickers waiting in cargo ships at sea , who then charge extortionate prices with the promise to smuggle passengers to Malaysia . At a little fishing port outside the provincial capital of Sittwe , carpenters building wooden boats explained how the system works . "  Fifty to 60 people fit into a boat like this , " said Mahmud Yacoub , who squatted barefoot clutching a hammer in the skeleton of new wooden vessel about 20 feet long . "  The travelers are mixed : men , women and children . It is dangerous and very expensive . " READ MORE : ` Caught between a hammer and an anvil ' The United Nations estimates more than 100,000 Rohingya fled Myanmar this way since ethnic and sectarian violence erupted in the country 's western Rakhine state in the summer of 2012 . Hundreds died making the seaborne journey . The 2012 clashes between the state 's Rakhine Buddhist community and Rohingya Muslims , a long-oppressed linguistic and ethnic minority in this majority Buddhist country , left hundreds dead and more than 140,000 people homeless . More than two years after the violence , the government has forcibly segregated Rohingya from the rest of the population in Rakhine state . They live confined in enclaves -- rural ghettos , in effect -- from which they are not allowed to leave . In Sittwe , a town where Rohingya once lived side by side with Rakhines , it is now impossible to find a Rohingya walking down the street . One of the main mosques is still in ruins after it was torched in June 2012 . Another mosque appears to be occupied by Myanmar police . READ MORE : Obama takes on Myanmar during Asian trip "  Rohingya does n't exist . Never exist ! " repeated U Than Tun , a member of the Emergency Coordination Center in Sittwe , which overseas the distribution of humanitarian assistance to the state 's poor and homeless population . He echoed the Myanmar government 's official position , which denies recognition of the term "  Rohingya . " Instead , U Than Tun referred to Rohingya as "  Bengalis , " and described even those who have lived in Myanmar for generations as "  illegal immigrants " from neighboring Bangladesh . It is part of a decades-old policy that has prevented Rohingya from being full citizens in Myanmar , leaving a million of them effectively stateless . Some community leaders in Sittwe want to take this policy of exclusion one dramatic step further . "  We want to expel the Bengalis from this land , " said Than Tun , who is also a high school teacher in Sittwe . The call for the expulsion of the Rakhine State 's estimated 1.3 million Rohingya was echoed by a senior Buddhist monk at a monastery across town . "  It may be best if they are not here , " said U Kaymasara . Several of his followers sat on the floor near his chair in deference as the monk explained his views . U Kaymasara claimed the Rohingya threaten to demographically overwhelm the state 's Rakhine population . "  In one Muslim family there are 82 people , " the monk claimed . "  In Rakhine families , there are maximum three or four or five . " According to government statistics , Rohingya make up only about one-third of the population in Rakhine state . U.N. officials warn the strict confinement of Rohingya to enclaves has destroyed their ability to rebuild their lives after the violence and arson of 2012 . "  Lack of movement means people do n't have access to their fields to go farming , do n't have access to the sea to go fishing , do n't have access to markets to trade , " said Pierre Peron , spokesperson for the United Nations ' Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs in Myanmar . "  The impact on freedom of movement is quite massive on hundreds of thousands of people . " In one of the camps built for displaced Rohingya with the help of international aid organizations , several men told CNN they had no hope of finding work outside their state-designated enclave . "  The Rakhines burned down my house and my shop , " said a gray-haired man named Raza Mia . He said his family of 10 now survived by sending their children into Rohingya villages to beg for food . Another man named Nur Bashir said he had been employed as a welder in the state water and transportation department before 2012 . Now , he did n't dare try to return to the Sittwe , where he had once lived and worked . "  If I go to Sittwe on my own , " Nur Bashir said , "  I think the Rakhine will kill me . " His statement was all the more dramatic because he was speaking in a camp located barely a mile from downtown Sittwe . Police and soldiers here were deployed throughout the zone where Rohingya had been allowed to live . In one area , they marked the territory where Rohingya were allowed to move by erecting red flags along an abandoned railroad . Several Rohingya men said they were not allowed to cross the railroad tracks to the Rakhine village less than 100 yards away , where farmers could be seen tending their fields . But even within the Rohingya enclave , locals said there were periods of the day when security forces prevented Rohingya from using the main road . That coincided with the hours when Rakhine students used the same road , to get to classes at Sittwe University , which is located within the enclave . Students there told CNN that since the clashes of 2012 , Rohingya students had stopped studying at the university . Young Rakhine men at the university disagreed on whether the Rohingya should be allowed to go back to the university . "  I want to live as we did before , living peacefully , " said 22-year-old Nyo Layn , who added that he would n't mind welcome back Rohingya students . But 19-year old Mah Win So said , "  I do n't want Muslim students here because I do n't trust them . " He added , "  I want them all to go back to their native place , which is Bangladesh . " Human rights organizations have denounced the policies of the Myanmar government . "  There could n't be a clearer case of ethnic cleansing , " said Matthew Smith , executive director of Fortify Rights , a human rights group that has extensively researched the crisis in Rakhine state . "  The authorities and local Buddhist populations are trying to change the ethnic demographics of the state through terror-inspiring means , and in some cases violence . " Top government officials in Myanmar have repeatedly denied these accusations . But the sharp increase of Rohingya making the perilous journey out by sea suggests members of this community see little future staying in the country of their birth .	A decades-old policy has prevented Rohingya from being full citizens in Myanmar More than 100,000 have fled by boat since sectarian violence in Rakhine state in 2012 In Sittwe , the Muslim minority are forced to live in areas from which they can not leave "  If I go to Sittwe on my own , " says one Rohingya man . "  I think the Rakhine will kill me "
CNN  -- The grandmother and stepmother of a 9-year-old Alabama girl who died Monday after allegedly being ordered to run around her family 's house -- for hours -- as punishment for lying about taking a candy bar have been charged with murder , police said Wednesday . "  Joyce Hardin Garrard , 46 , and Jessica Mae Hardin , 27 , were both arrested and charged with murder in connection to the death of Savannah Hardin , " Capt. Jeremy Walker said in a news release issued by the Etowah County Sheriff 's Office . Garrard is the child 's grandmother and Jessica Hardin is her stepmother . At about 6:45 p.m. , the stepmother called 911 and said that Savannah , who had run for about three hours , had suffered a seizure and was unresponsive , the release said . "  A very unnecessary act , " said Etowah County District Attorney Jimmie Harp in a telephone interview about the incident , which occurred Friday . "  The  taking of a candy bar turned into  an  all-day marathon ... until the point of time she just collapsed . " Savannah Hardin died Monday at Children 's Hospital in Birmingham ; a state pathologist in Huntsville ruled her death a homicide . "  Preliminary reports show Savannah was extremely dehydrated and had a very low sodium level , " the release says . "  It 's sad when a family is grieving over the death of a daughter and granddaughter and so soon to find out that the death could have been prevented , " said Sheriff Todd Entrekin , whose office became involved after witnesses called investigators to express concerns . "  We have always said that we will protect the rights of those who can not defend themselves , " he continued . Savannah was a third-grade student at Carlisle Elementary School . Garrard and Hardin were being held in the Etowah County Detention Center in lieu of a $ 500,000 cash bond .	Stepmother and grandmother of 9-year-old girl are charged with murder Savannah Hardin allegedly was ordered to run around the house as punishment for lying Etowah County district attorney says she collapsed after an "  all-day marathon "
CNN  -- What Syria asserts is Israel 's launch of two air strikes on Damascus last week presents a marked and dangerous escalation of that country 's involvement in the Syrian war . Israel 's intervention -- if confirmed -- also shows how the conflict has mutated from a political uprising to an internal armed struggle , and now to a regional war by proxy fiercely fought on Syria 's killing fields .  Israel has a policy of refusing to confirm or deny attacks attributed to its military . The confrontation in Syria has become more complex , more perilous , and more difficult to resolve . The Syrian struggle has not only spread into Syria 's neighbors , like Lebanon , Iraq , Jordan and Turkey -- but has also become a battlefield wherein Israel and Iran are challenging each other . There is also a fierce geostrategic rivalry unfolding in Syria between Sunni-dominant Saudi Arabia and Shiite Iran , a rivalry invested and fuelled with sectarianism . A real danger exists that this complex conflict in Syria could escalate into a region-wide battle involving Syria 's major allies -- Iran and Hezbollah , and Israel , other regional powers , and the Western states . Israel 's alleged deepening involvement in the conflict also changes the dynamics of the political struggle in Syria in two ways . It puts the armed opposition on the defensive , because it shows them that they and Israel are indirectly battling the same enemy -- the Assad regime . And it reinforces President Bashar al-Assad 's dominant narrative : that the struggle in Syria is not internal , that this is not about a domestic coalition striving to replace authoritarianism with democracy -- but rather this is a wider conspiracy spearheaded by Israel and its regional allies and Western powers . The Syrian official media has already portrayed Israel 's bombings as an attempt to shore up the armed opposition and reverse the balance of power in its favor . Although the Iranian leadership has repeatedly stated that it would come to the aid of Syria if it is attacked by Israel , it is unlikely that Iran or its partner Hezbollah would retaliate directly against Israel 's possible strikes . Both Iran and Hezbollah would like to avoid a regional conflict in which Israel and its allies would have the upper hand . Opinion : Is Obama failing on moral leadership ? What Iran and Hezbollah would most likely do is deepen their involvement in Syria 's shifting sands . In an emotional speech last week , Hassan Nasrallah , the Hezbollah top leader , stressed that al-Assad 's allies will not allow Syria to fall . Now Hezbollah and Iran would become more determined than ever to prevent the removal of al-Assad from power . Bluntly put , the recent escalation of hostilities will not only prolong the deadly conflict in Syria , but has now made it an open-ended war by proxy -- one with major potential repercussions for regional and international security and peace . Israel 's major goal appears to be the establishment of a red line in Syria , whereby no advanced weapons reach Hezbollah -- its archenemy in Lebanon . Israel 's primary audience was Hezbollah and Iran . Israel is taking a calculated gamble that neither Syria nor Hezbollah would risk retaliation . Obama : ` Do not foresee scenario ' of American boots on ground in Syria There is a risk of miscalculation that could trigger a bigger clash . Given the risks and the dangers of a region-wide conflict , one would hope that the great powers -- particularly the United States and Russia -- would assume their historic responsibility and reach an understanding that begins the process of putting an end to the deadly struggle in Syria that has killed more than 70,000 Syrians , according to the latest United Nations estimate , and caused a humanitarian disaster . More than two years after the breakout of the Syrian confrontation there does not seem to be a military solution . It is a long war of attrition with no end in sight . Neither internal camp seems to have the means to deliver a decisive blow . Only a political solution will put an end to the shedding of Syrian blood and prevent the unthinkable : a region-wide conflict that would have catastrophic consequences . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Fawaz A. Gerges .	Gerges : Israel 's alleged involvement changes the dynamics of Syrian struggle Iran stated it would aid Syria if it is attacked by Israel , but it is unlikely it would retaliate directly A political solution will put an end to the bloodshed and prevent a region-wide conflict , he says
You may have noticed an interesting reaction when you tell people you 're traveling to Amsterdam . They sometimes get that curious look , that knowing half-smile on their faces . "  Amsterdam , " they say with a mischievous grin , "  lucky you ! " Are they thinking about Van Gogh and Rembrandt , about the fabulous museums , the flowing canals , the teeming bicycle paths , the gorgeous tulips -- or is it something else ? To many , Amsterdam is synonymous with freedom . With the ability to do what is forbidden in other places . Throwback lodging : Stay in another era Undoubtedly , millions travel to the Netherlands to see the just re-opened Rijksmuseum and its famous "  Night Watch " painting , along with many other attractions of this truly charming city . But , let 's face it , Amsterdam conjures another fascination . Decades before anyone else considered legalizing marijuana , prostitution or gay marriage , the Dutch stood -- as they still do today -- at the forefront of change on many controversial social issues , legalizing or tolerating a range of activities that other countries placed squarely outside what they consider legally and socially acceptable . That is not to say other countries did not have recreational drugs , homosexuality and prostitution . But the Dutch , with their history of practicality and compromise , decided to deal with these matters in a pragmatic way . In the process , they created a whole new world for tourists craving tolerance and a brush with the forbidden . Amsterdam remains a magnet for travelers who find the idea of smoking marijuana in public -- perhaps in front of a passing cop to add to the experience -- simply irresistible . Still , there are great misconceptions about what is and is not legal here . The picture of a hedonistic free-for-all is not altogether accurate . The Dutch are a people of rules and laws . Although they also have an interesting approach to certain issues , where the law says one thing and the official policy is to look the other way . 8 hotels still fresh at 100 So what , precisely , is legal in the Netherlands ? You may be surprised to learn that recreational drugs are illegal in the Netherlands . Yes , even pot . But an official policy of tolerance emerged and in 1976 the Dutch parliament decriminalized possession of less than 5 grams of cannabis . That gave rise to a type of establishment found only in this country . In hundreds of "  coffee shops " across the country -- not to be confused with "  cafes " where you , in fact , go for coffee -- you can select from a menu of cannabis products and light up in full view indoors or at a sidewalk table . It is the crowded , cloudy coffee shops that give Amsterdam its unmistakable summer aroma . The city is also home to countless seed shops , a hash and marijuana museum , and other businesses aimed at extracting cash from the peculiarly happy drug tourists . Things got a little complicated in 2008 , when the Netherlands , as other countries , imposed restrictions on smoking in public places . A great battle ensued as coffee shop owners complained the ban would put them out of business . Dutch compromising ensued . So , today , you can not smoke in most public establishments , but you can still smoke marijuana in a coffee shop . All non-medical drugs , to be clear , are illegal . But there are two categories . Cannabis and some types of "  recreational mushrooms " are in a separate class ; still illegal , but largely tolerated . The most powerful type of "  magic mushrooms , " containing psilocybin , were made illegal in 2008 , but authorities say they will not prosecute anyone holding very small quantities . Hashish is also in a gray area , up to each municipality to decide . Not everyone likes this openness . Weed tourism is controversial in some circles and there are worries that lax laws attract more than just the tattoos and scraggly beard crowd , encouraging drug traffickers to enter the market . Weed aficionados across parts of the world panicked a couple of years ago when a conservative government announced plans to stem drug tourism , partly as a result of friction with neighboring countries . Under the new rules , coffee shops would issue membership cards , Weed Passes , only to local residents . Foreigners would not be able to come to the Netherlands to get high . But , as coffee shop owners admit , it 's not the Dutch who are lighting up . Ninety percent of the customers getting buzzed in Amsterdam are foreigners . Amsterdam authorities complained the plan would take a huge financial toll , as millions of visitors every year inhale the offerings of coffee shop menus . After a very Dutch debate on the pros and cons of the plan , the government rewrote the law , leaving it up to each city to decide on the rules . Amsterdam scrapped it , while Maastricht , on the border with Germany and Belgium , left the ban in place and imposed fines on coffee shop owners defying the ban on pot sales to foreigners . So , to recap : No cigarette smoking in public ; yes to pot in small quantities , but not in Maastricht , and mushrooms are OK in very small quantities . Today , pot smokers can be found meandering aimlessly along Amsterdam 's famous Red Light district , the warren of alleyways and canals where prostitutes rent small rooms and stand in their windows , bathed in the light of red lamps before potential customers and sightseers . Policemen pedal easily alongside visitors , keeping an eye on the scene . Prostitution and brothels have been legal in the Netherlands since 2000 . Prostitutes are supposed to have work permits and enjoy the protections of the country 's labor laws . Another area of controversy in which the Dutch moved swiftly to the fore of social change is gay marriage . The Netherlands was the first country to fully legalize marriage equality . In 2001 , the world 's first same-sex ceremony was conducted by then-Amsterdam Mayor Job Cohen . You ca n't come to the Netherlands with your beloved to tie the knot , however : One of the partners has to be a Dutch resident . You can , however , share the city with the hundreds of thousands of Amsterdammers who ride their bicycles to and from work every day . The law does not require you to wear a helmet and practically no one does . You are , however , required to have a light and a bell on your bike . If you walk , make sure to stay out of the official bike lanes . If you choose to drive a car , it is illegal to use a mobile phone while you drive , and if you run into a bicycle , Dutch law places the responsibility on the driver of the car . So , if you go to a coffee shop , better not drive a car , or even a bicycle . Your friends are right . Lucky you if you 've come to Amsterdam . It 's a very special city . Whether or not you want to enjoy the freedom of Amsterdam , just remember there 's much more to the Netherlands than coffee shops and red lights . And the Rijksmuseum is definitely worth a visit .	Recreational drugs are illegal in the Netherlands , but there 's an official policy of tolerance Possession of small amounts of cannabis is not a crime Prostitution is legal Wearing a bike helmet is not required and there 's no cigarette smoking in public places
CNN  Athlete , marathoner -- and now swimsuit model . Caroline Wozniacki has appeared in Sports Illustrated 's famous swimsuit edition this year , becoming the latest tennis player to don a bikini in a shoot for the renown U.S. publication . Her pal , world No. 1 Serena Williams , along with Maria Sharapova and Ana Ivanovic , have featured in the swimsuit edition in the past and the Dane could n't wait to join them . So much so Wozniacki approached the magazine , not vice versa . "  It 's always been a dream of mine  to be in the swimsuit Issue  , " Wozniacki , a former No. 1 like Sharapova and Ivanovic , told the For The Win website Monday in New York . "  I went to the offices of Sports Illustrated quite a few months ago and threw myself out there . ` If you need a model or want one , I 'm here . ' "  It must have made a pretty good impression . "  Because I travel the world so much and play all over the place and spend so much time over here , the issue is a huge deal for me and my family . I think because I 'm in it this year , Denmark is going crazy about it this year and that 's fun to see . " Wozniacki posted pictures of the shoot on Twitter -- and one of her other friends on the tour , Victoria Azarenka , was impressed , calling the photos "  stunning . " The magazine hit the newsstands this week . Azarenka dumped the Dane out of the Australian Open -- this season 's first grand slam -- in straight sets in the second round . While Wozniacki waits for her first grand slam title , her inclusion in the swimsuit edition is likely to do no harm to her off court profile . Last September she did reach the U.S. Open final in New York -- losing to Williams -- and returned to the Big Apple a few months later to take part in the New York City Marathon .	Caroline Wozniacki appears in SI 's swmsuit edition The Dane posts pictures of the shoot on Twitter Serena Williams , Maria Sharapova and Ana Ivanovic have appeared in the edition in the past
CNN  -- In an emergency , do you know how to best use your cell phone to stay safe , informed and in touch ? Recognizing that Americans have been getting mixed messages from many sources , this week the Federal Communication Commission and the Federal Emergency Management Administration teamed up to publish a new list of tips for communicating before , during and after a disaster . These tips complement the advice already offered in the Get Tech Ready section of the government 's emergency preparedness site , Ready.gov . In an interview Thursday , FCC Chair Julius Genachowski said that in the wake of Hurricane Irene , FEMA and the FCC realized that many Americans still do n't understand some important basics about how communication technology functions in emergency situations . For instance , many people do n't grasp the consequences of cordless phones . If the power goes out , you ca n't use a cordless phone to make or receive calls unless it has a battery backup . Consequently the FCC/FEMA tip sheet recommends : "  If you have a traditional landline  non-broadband or VOIP  phone , keep at least one non-cordless phone in your home . " Said Genachowski , "  I have a 19-year-old son , and he was my guinea pig on this . I asked him if he could use a cordless phone when the power is out , and he did n't know . " Recognizing that many of today 's cell phones can do much more than make calls , the tip sheet also recommends using non-voice channels to conserve capacity on wireless networks during emergencies . According to the tip sheet , "  For non-emergency communications , use text messaging , e-mail , or social media instead of making voice calls on your cell phone to avoid tying up voice networks . Data-based services like texts and e-mails are less likely to experience network congestion . You can also use social media to post your status to let family and friends know you are okay . In addition to Facebook and Twitter , you can use resources such as the American Red Cross Safe and Well program . " Learn more about why your emergency kit should include a cell phone Disaster response overlaps with day-to-day emergency response systems , which is partly why Thursday 's FCC Open Commission meeting focused on next-generation 911 , or NG911 , systems . In emergencies , NG911 systems would allow people to contact local emergency responders by sending text or photo/video messages to 911 . On Thursday the FCC announced that it 's beginning to formulate rules to accelerate the development of NG911 technologies . "  Some of these ideas used to be science fiction -- but implementing this technology is now within reach , " said Genachowski The U.S. Dept. of Transportation also has an NG911 project . The new FCC rules also would call for carriers to increase location accuracy in cell phone call tracking , and to "  enhance the information available to Public Safety Answering Points and first responders for assessing and responding to emergencies . " The FCC is also starting to examine how wireless carriers might start prioritizing 911 calls . "  Surprisingly , this is not already happening , " said Genachowski . "  The way the system works now , if the phone network is so congested that nothing gets through , that holds up 911 calls , too . We definitely saw this after the earthquake a month ago . But when networks are congested , 911 calls should get priority over other call traffic . " Social media is a growing part of the communication picture , especially in the wake of emergencies . "  Social media is ultimately part of NG911 . We need to make sure that emergency responders have access to social networks and wireless networks in their digital command centers , so they can see and integrate info from many sources and have it be actionable , " Genachowski said . Russ Johnson , director for public safety and homeland security for Esri  a leading vendor of geographic information systems , or GIS  has offered advice on how social-media users could create actionable emergency response information through the words they use in emergency-related tweets and status updates . Johnson noted that currently the FCC/FEMA tip sheet offers "  no direction or guidance on messaging to communicate a categorical problem . I still believe we are missing the boat by not providing a recommended list of key topics , hash-tags , etc. that could be quickly recognized and prioritized during emergencies for the social media domain . " Despite safety problems posed by texting while driving , or how being distracted by your cell phone might make you an easier target for street crime , Genachowski said that in the big picture , cell phones have made the world a safer place . "  Remember 911 calls in a world without mobile phones ? If you were out on the street or in your car and you saw an emergency , you could n't call 911 immediately . The fact that most people now have cell phones is a very significant improvement in public safety , " he said . "  Sure , we need to do more maximize this opportunity , but the fact that we have mobile networks is a big plus . The same is true for social networking . We are generally safer thanks to how people use social networks in emergencies . "	The FCC and FEMA offer new tech tips for emergency preparedness Many do n't know how to use technology in emergency situations If the power goes out , you ca n't use a cordless phone to make or receive calls FCC is developing new rules to foster development of next-generation 911
CNN  -- Ukraine has been wracked with ceaseless demonstrations for weeks as protesters demand constitutional reform and a closer relationship with Europe instead of Russia . A breakthrough finally came Tuesday : Prime Minister Mykola Azarov and his government resigned , and the national parliament voted overwhelmingly to repeal sweeping anti-protest laws passed earlier this month . Still , activists say that while they 're pleased by these developments , their fundamental concerns have yet to be addressed . Amid the protests are accounts of police brutality and government intimidation . The desire for a government shake-up was spurred by the government 's decision in November to forgo a planned trade deal with the European Union , which many interpreted as a turn away from Europe and toward Russia instead . CNN iReport had the opportunity to speak to a native Ukrainian who has spent days on the streets of central Kiev , the power base of the opposition . The 31-year-old , who works as a project manager , has been photographing and standing alongside those who are protesting . He shared his thoughts and photos to provide a firsthand view of the demonstrations and the motivations behind them . Freddy UA asked to be identified with an alias for his protection because of the current state of his country . The interview below has been edited for clarity and brevity . CNN : When did you first get interested in the protesting ? UA : The Ukrainian people started protesting in November , after the authorities announced they were not ready to sign an agreement with the European Union . A lot of people , including me , were disappointed by this action . CNN : Why are people continuing to protest in Ukraine ? UA : After the violent crackdowns by police on peaceful demonstrations of students , the protests got another vector . People were scared of the bloody actions taken by the government . I saw thousands of peaceful protesters sing songs , dance , and recite poetry  while  ... under threat of violence by the police . The atmosphere was great at first , but after a while , a nightmare began . Ukraine government resigns , scraps anti-protest legislation CNN : How would you describe the state of Kiev over the past few days ? UA : On January 26 , the atmosphere in Kiev was calmer than in previous days . At Independence Square everything is well . People are singing the national anthem every hour , listening to opposition politicians , celebrities , and famous figures who are speaking from the scene . CNN : Can you describe who the average Ukrainian protester is ? UA : The average protester is mostly middle-aged people with an active civil position . They are taking part in the protesting because they resent the arbitrariness of the authorities . CNN : Where else is protesting happening in Ukraine ? UA : The protests are going on not only in Kiev , but also in other cities -- mostly regional ones . People organize peaceful meetings , which the government is trying to disperse . But as far as I can tell , these actions do n't disrupt the life and work in these cities in general . CNN : What do protesters want the Ukrainian government to know ? UA : First of all , we hope that government will find the courage to recognize their illegal actions ; such as the use of force on peaceful protesters and will stop the violence from their side , will release all of protesters arrested earlier , and sit at the negotiations table with the opposition . Ukraine opposition rejects president 's offer CNN : What are your thoughts on a possible truce between protesters and the government ? UA : I think that a truce will help the situation of course because we do n't want to see the blood and death on our streets ! I ca n't predict what will happen next , but I hope that government will finally stop the violence against civilians , will listen to its people , the world , and the European community and will start a constructive dialogue . CNN : How long will people continue to protest ? UA : Given what I hear from the protesters , they are willing to stay till the end and till the victory of democracy . Cold weather certainly has an impact on the protesters , but volunteers and citizens of Kiev bring them hot food and drinks like tea and coffee -- but not the alcohol . CNN : What do you want the world to know about the situation in Ukraine ? UA : I want people around the world to know about the situation in our country and support Ukrainians in the fight for freedom and democracy . We all want to live in a lawful state with an honest government and police that protects its people .	Ukrainian native Freddy UA has been documenting the protests in Kiev He shared his photos online to show what 's happening in his country He says Ukrainian protesters just want democracy and freedom
CNN  -- A cryptic confession on the popular PostSecret blog had Chicago police searching a city park over the weekend for a possible homicide victim . The anonymous message appeared as one of the Sunday Secrets posted weekly on the PostSecret blog . Followers of the blog mail postcards illustrating their anonymous secrets to website founder Frank Warren . Each Sunday , Warren scans a selection from the thousands mailed to him and uploads them to the blog . The postcard in question appeared as the top image Sunday and showed what appeared to be an aerial map of a park . A Post-It style note attached to the image read , "  I said she dumped me , but really I dumped her  body  , " with a red arrow pointing to a particular spot . Eagle-eyed users of the website Reddit helped identify the exact location on the postcard as Chicago 's Jackson Park , and the post quickly spread across social media . It also caught the attention of the Chicago Police . Opinion : How the world shares its secrets "  We basically had a cryptic message observed on the site pertaining to a possible criminal act , " Officer John Mirabelli told CNN Monday . "  Officers immediately went to the park and conducted a search . There was no evidence of a crime or anything that was unusual . " Police detectives will continue to investigate , "  but nothing has surfaced to indicate that a crime was committed , " Mirabelli said . Reaction to the posting varied . On its Twitter page , PostSecret retweeted comments , including one from Paige Bernard , who wrote , "  thank you for posting that really chilling confession . Even the scariest secrets need to be heard . " Another user expressed outrage : "  posting that photo and map of a where a dead woman 's body may lay , is exploitative and wrong . What is wrong with you !?! " Why people share murder , rape on Facebook While it appears the postcard was a hoax , authorities are not finished with their investigation . "  If the intent behind the message was to cause alarm and cause the police to search that location , then it is a crime -- like screaming fire in a crowded theater , " Mirabelli said . "  But it depends on the offender -- are we dealing with a child or an adult ? A whole lot of factors to consider . " The postcard implying that a killing may have been committed remained at the top of the website Monday . Warren did not return a CNN request Monday for comment . Warren started PostSecret as an art installation in 2004 , handing out self-addressed postcards inviting people to share their secrets with him anonymously . The idea went viral , with Warren receiving more than a half-million postcards in nearly 10 years -- all sent to his Germantown , Maryland , home . Secrets range from the funny  "  I walk across campus so I can poop in the dorm with the nice bathrooms , " one secret posted Sunday reads  to the downright eerie  "  Everyone who knew me before 9/11 believes I 'm dead , " is one Warren shares regularly when he gives talks on the website on college campuses  . Florida man allegedly kills wife , posts confession , photo of body on Facebook	Secret posted on popular blog suggests writer killed a woman Social media users help identify the site as a Chicago park A police search turns up no evidence that a crime was committed
CNN  -- Former U.S. Open champion Juan Martin del Potro continued his impressive comeback with a straight-sets win over Radek Stepanek in the first round of the Masters Series event at Indian Wells . The Argentine posted a 6-4 6-0 victory over his 67th-ranked opponent Thursday to set up a second-round meeting with defending champion Ivan Ljubicic of Croatia . "  I broke his serve very soon and took confidence with my serve . I played a good match , " del Potro told the official ATP Tour website . After winning the hard-court grand slam in New York in 2009 , the 22-year-old missed most of 2010 with a wrist injury which saw him plummet down the rankings from a career-high of four . However , since capturing the title at Delray Beach last week without dropping a set , del Potro has climbed more than 400 spots in the rankings to 90th , but admits his injury still troubles him . "  Sometimes I feel a little bad sensation in my wrist , especially in humid weather , so I have many things to fight , but I 'm glad with my present , " he said . Meanwhile , 21-year-old American hope Donald Young earned his first ever win in a Masters event as he came back from a set down to defeat Italian veteran Potito Starace 2-6 6-3 6-3 . Young will next play world No. 5 Andy Murray , who was given a first-round bye . Two other home favorites joined Young in the second round , with Ryan Sweeting defeating Spaniard Marcel Granollers 6-4 6-1 and Tim Smyczek rallying past Ukrainian Illya Marchenko 2-6 6-3 6-2 . In other men 's first-round results , Serbia 's Janko Tipsarevic raced past German Tobias Kamke 6-2 , 6-0 , big-serving Croatian Ivo Karlovic fired 17 aces in a 7-6 6-7 6-2 win over Australian qualifier Marinko Matosevic , and promising Lithuanian Richard Berankis recovered from the loss of the opening set to defeat American qualifier Alex Bogomolov Jr. 1-6 6-3 6-4 . In the women 's draw , former world No. 1 Dinara Safina overcame an early break of serve to defeat Spain 's Arantxa Parra Santonja 6-3 6-3 . The 108th-ranked Russian displayed flashes of the brilliance that took her to the top of the rankings in 2009 as she set up a second-round match with Slovakia 's Daniela Hantuchova . "  I 'm getting more and more positive . I 'm working day by day and trying to get better and with the hard work I believe I will get better -- nobody forgets how to play , " Safina told the WTA website . The 24-year-old will aim to record back-to-back wins on the WTA Tour for the first time since September last year when she takes on 26th seed Hantuchova , who was awarded an opening bye . There was also good news for the young American female players in action on Thursday . First , Sloane Stephens set up a meeting with world No. 1 Caroline Wozniacki following a 6-4 6-2 defeat of compatriot Janie Hampton . She was joined in the second round by fellow wildcard Christina McHale after the 18-year-old beat Uzbekistan 's Akgul Amanmuradova 6-3 6-1 , while U.S. Fed Cup players Bethanie Mattek Sands and Melanie Oudin also progressed after the pair recorded respective straight-sets wins over Russian duo Vera Dushevina and Elena Vesnina . In other women 's matches , Britain 's Elena Baltacha defeated Italian Roberta Vinci in three sets and Poland 's Urszula Radwanska prevailed against up-and-coming Serbian teenager Bojana Jovanovski in a final-set tiebreak .	Juan Martin Del Potro beats Radek Stepanek to reach second round at Indian Wells Former world No. 4 defeats Czech opponent 6-4 6-0 in opening match American Donald Young wins first match at Master Series level to earn clash with Andy Murray Dinara Safina into second round after former world No. 1 beats Arantxa Parra Santonja
CNN  -- All sides involved in the controversy over the use of embryonic stem cells in research claimed vindication Tuesday after two teams of researchers reported having reprogrammed human skin cells to act like the stem cells , which have the potential of morphing into other cells and thereby curing disease . President Bush has twice vetoed bills that would have eased limits on funding for embryonic stem cell research . People who believe that life begins at conception liken the destruction of the embryonic stem cells to killing and therefore oppose their use in research . The new research , they said , shows that alternatives are available . "  By avoiding techniques that destroy life , while vigorously supporting alternative approaches , President Bush is encouraging scientific advancement within ethical boundaries , " the White House said Tuesday in a written statement on the new research . Bush has twice vetoed bills that would have eased restrictions on the use of federal funds for research involving embryonic stem cells . Watch Bush state why he opposes the use of stem cells In August 2001 , he limited federal funding for embryonic stem cell research to lines that had already been created . But some researchers say those cells are not useful . "  The president believes medical problems can be solved without compromising either the high aims of science or the sanctity of human life , " the White House statement said . "  We will continue to encourage scientists to expand the frontiers of stem cell research and continue to advance the understanding of human biology in an ethically responsible way . " Watch a Harvard expert talk about what 's next in stem cell research " "  This breakthrough provides further evidence that the most promising avenues of stem cell research are also the most ethical , " concurred Sen. Tom Coburn , R-Oklahoma , a physician . "  Politicians should note that the scientific community is moving rapidly without the assistance of laws requiring the taxpayer-funded destruction of human life . " He added , "  This breakthrough helps vindicate President Bush 's policy and his vetoes of Congress ' short-sighted and outdated approach to stem cell research . History will note the wisdom of President Bush 's refusal to set a dangerous precedent that could not be easily undone . " And Sen. Mitch McConnell , R-Kentucky , said he believes "  that the current stem cell policy has been very important in driving the discovery of ethical and successful ways for scientists to find treatments and cures . "  What has too often been missing from this important debate is a simple fact of modern science : Encouraging medical research and protecting the sanctity of life are not mutually exclusive goals . " The methods described in the papers about the new research "  should continue to be pursued and strongly promoted , as they should help to steer the entire field of stem cell research in a more explicitly ethical direction by circumventing the moral quagmire associated with destroying human embryos , " said the National Catholic Bioethics Center in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , in a posting on its Web site . But those views were not shared by Sen. Tom Harkin , D-Iowa , who has pushed for federal funding of embryonic stem cell research and said he will continue to do so . "  Our top researchers recognize that this new development does not mean that we should discontinue studying embryonic stem cells , " he said in a written statement . "  Scientists may yet find that embryonic stem cells are more powerful . We need to continue to pursue all alternatives as we search for treatments for diabetes , Parkinson 's and spinal cord injuries . " He added that Tuesday 's announcement "  reiterates the need for federal support for medical research and again points out the president 's misplaced priorities in vetoing the Labor , Health and Human Services , and Education appropriations bill which included a substantial increase for the National Institutes of Health . " A lead author of one of the landmark studies , James Thomson of the University of Wisconsin-Madison , urged that reprogrammed cells not wholly supplant embryonic stem cells in research . "  I do n't like the idea of pulling the plug , " he told reporters in a conference call . He added that Tuesday 's advances in reprogramming cells would not have been possible without the advancements in embryonic stem cell research over the past decade . E-mail to a friend	Teams report reprogramming human skin cells to act like embryonic stem cells Bush : advance is "  within ethical boundaries " Harkin : "  We need to continue to pursue all alternatives "
New York  CNN  -- If President Obama had been forthright last week at the health care summit , he would have opened the meeting by stating : "  If you have health coverage , under our reform bills you are going to pay more and get less . If you are one of the 45 million elderly or disabled people on Medicare , you are going to get less . There is no such thing as free medical care . Somebody has to pay ! And in the end it is you . " Those are the facts ! And as Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid stated to the Republicans : " ... you 're entitled to your opinion , but not your own facts . " However , the facts , as the president has found out , are not exactly a compelling message to persuade a reluctant Congress and public to overhaul nearly one-fifth of the nation 's economy . Adding 31 million people  45 million now do n't have coverage  to the health care system will cost the taxpayers trillions over time . Many of that uninsured group ca n't afford health insurance , and if this legislation passes , the government will create an entitlement program to subsidize them . In the end , like the entitlement programs that have gone before them , they will far exceed any cost estimates on the table today . Just to remind you , Mr. President and members of Congress , the taxpayers have a right to know the full fiscal consequences of this legislation . The United States is spending this year nearly $ 2.5 trillion on health care . That is 17.3 percent of the U.S. economy and it 's rising at a rapid rate . We spent $ 134 billion more in the past year than in the year before . To put $ 2.5 trillion into perspective , that is more money than the federal government received in taxes and revenues this year . The problem is nobody knows  and especially the Congress  what a trillion dollars really means . A trillion is a million million . Still means nothing to most of us . If you spent a million dollars a day since the birth of Jesus Christ , it would n't even equal a trillion . If you stacked up a trillion dollars in dollar bills , it would reach 68,000 miles into the sky , about a third of the way from the Earth to the moon . Those numbers are too big for any of us . Somebody has to pay for the most expensive health care in the world . Many experts would argue it is also the very best health coverage in the world . Health care today is paid for by three entities . The government  federal , state and local  pays more than 50 percent of the costs . That is us , the taxpayers . The insurance companies pay about one-third of the costs . That again is us . We pay the premiums and the insurance company pools the risk , and distributes our monies back for the medical services . They obviously add an overhead cost as does any business , but it 's still our money being paid out . The third payer is again us . Out-of-pocket reimbursements or additional fees come directly out of our pocket and paycheck . Health care has changed as dramatically as anything in our society in the last half century . First , we are living longer . In 2007 , American men could expect to live 3.5 years longer and women 1.6 years longer than in 1990 . We are long past the days when you walked into a doctor 's office and the doctor -- armed only with a stethoscope , blood pressure monitor and a thermometer -- listened to our symptoms and made a diagnosis . Maybe in a rare case an X-ray was called for . We paid our bill and went to the drugstore and got our prescription . There were no MRI 's , no heart diagnostic tests , no CT scans or any of the wonder drugs that have extended our lives and in many cases made the quality better . It 's not that people are n't seeing doctors . In the last several years , more than 1.2 billion annual visits to a physician 's office have taken place , averaging more than three a year per person . Certainly , some efforts must be made to provide some insurance reform -- but that also means malpractice insurance reform . Some massive efforts need to be made to curb Medicare and insurance fraud . And efforts must be made to create more competition among insurance companies across state lines . The president 's attempt to add some of the better suggestions from the Republicans addressing these issues is not going to add any support from that side of the aisle . They are minor changes that are positive but do n't tackle the fundamental cost issues or address the new entitlements and mandates that Republicans object to most . Reducing costs in most cases means reducing services . Who does n't want an MRI for their child injured in a car wreck ? Who does n't want tests done on a spouse or parent who has chest or abdominal pain ? But if Reid and Pelosi shove this legislation through Congress against public opinion , they and their party will pay a price . Yet the price Democrats will pay at the polls in November wo n't be nearly as big a price as our kids and grandkids will pay when the bill comes through years hence . If you 're going to have reform , make the system better . Take your time and do it right . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ed Rollins .	Ed Rollins says President Obama should have explained that health bill will cost taxpayers dearly He says health care consumes 17 percent of the nation 's economy He says costs are rising at a rapid rate , and consumers are footing the bill Obama 's attempt to add some GOP ideas does n't go nearly far enough , Rollins says
Lately , Dan McMullen has been bringing an extra gun to his office in Ferguson , Missouri . McMullen runs Solo Insurance on West Florissant close to where looting and vandalism briefly broke out in early August after a police officer shot to death teenager Michael Brown . "  I bring an extra gun now only because it has a bigger magazine , " McMullen says . He began carrying it after tensions increased in the area following the shooting . He says he would never use it to protect his business , but he would use it to save his life . "  So maybe I get trapped here or something and have to have a John Wayne shootout , " McMullen says before interrupting himself , smiling . "  That 's the silly part about it : Is that going to happen ? Not a chance . But I guess , could it ? I 'm the only white person here . " McMullen is particularly cautious now , as all of Ferguson and much of the nation waits to see whether a grand jury will indict Officer Darren Wilson for the shooting . Though the grand jury has until January to issue its ruling , the prosecutor 's office has said a decision could come in mid-November . McMullen warns others considering getting a gun not to be reckless . When his adult son told him he wanted a gun to protect himself after the grand jury decision , McMullen warned him not to rush into it . "  People like him need to think about it , and not think about ` I 'm worried about this stuff , ' " McMullen says . On Monday , Steven King , who owns Metro Shooting Supplies , told CNN that customers bought 100 guns this weekend . A typical weekend brings in about 30 buyers . "  People are afraid they are gon na throw Molotov cocktails , " says King , referring to the mostly nonviolent protests that have taken place in Ferguson since the shooting . The increase in gun sales reaches across racial and ethnic lines , he says . "  A lot of black people are coming in saying they are afraid of the hooliganism , " he says . "  But not all of Ferguson is hooliganish . The media portrays us that way . If the world can just see this is one little street in Ferguson going crazy , they 'd understand that we 're not just one big burning city . " At Metro Shooting Range in nearby Bridgeton , Missouri , manager John Stephenson says gun sales are up 40 to 50 % as of last week . And lots of folks are coming in to the gun range for training , which he says is important for new gun owners . "  Every time that door opens , we 're seeing new faces , " Stephenson says . Many new customers tell him they 're concerned about the response to the grand jury decision . The bulk of the weapons sold to new buyers are home defense shotguns . "  We 've sold tons , " he says . Ferguson Mayor James Knowles says a good number of residents have told him they 're buying guns for protection . The mayor has warned law enforcement to be mindful that there are a flurry of new gun owners . "  It is a little frightening to think that somebody who is less trained may not have that restraint . " A gun owner himself , Knowles says gun ownership is a responsibility that should not be taken lightly . Brown 's parents push U.N. for ` global intervention ' into U.S. policing Preparing for a hurricane Just down the street from the Ferguson Police Department , hair salon owner Constance Garnett is praying for the best , but her brothers are helping her prepare for the worst . The shop she 's run for 11 years , Taste of Honey , on South Florissant , now looks like it 's ready for a hurricane , completely boarded up . She takes one look at her shop and shakes her head at the sight . "  It 's hurtful , it 's really , really hurtful , " Garnett says over the sound of hammers and drills behind her . "  We do n't have the constant flow of customers that we normally have coming through here because everybody is afraid . " But some protesters say that fear is unfounded , that violence and crime among the protesters has been minimal . Bassem Masri , who can be found on any given night verbally lashing out at police , says it is unfair to call the protests violent . They are simply loud , he says . Masri claims to say whatever he wants to police and believes they should be trained to take it . "  As far as what 's happened within the last 90 days , people would know if you had been paying attention . There has n't been any looting or violence or whatnot . We 've been keeping it peaceful and they are just worried about us using our freedom of speech such as we 've been doing . And we 've been pushing the limits on that if it 's even possible to do that . " In the early days in August , police were roundly criticized for their aggressive militarized response . Now they tend to stand strong , but not react in the face of verbal abuse and on the few occasions where water bottles have been thrown at them . But police have faced threats . Exhaustion and frustration among them is high . "  It only takes one in 10 with bad intentions to make the entire situation spiral out of control , " says Sgt. Brian Schellman with the St. Louis County Police Department . "  A few protesters take it above and beyond not just aimed at police anymore but sometimes these threats are going against police officers ' families . " Wilson , a 28-year-old white police officer , shot and killed the 18-year-old Brown , who was African-American , in a confrontation on August 9 . Since then there have been protests every single day outside the Ferguson Police Department calling for his arrest and indictment . In this normally quiet town of 21,200 , the majority of people -- those who support Wilson and those who think he should be arrested -- do not believe he will be indicted . Though the daily protests have been mostly peaceful since the shooting , few doubt that some level of violence will follow if there is no indictment . Robert McCulloch , the prosecuting attorney for St. Louis County , said Monday that his office will announce when a decision has been reached by the grand jury and cautioned that until that decision is released , any claims made on social media "  should be ignored . " McMullen , the insurance company owner , hates to see the business that he 's run for 20 years look the way it does . "  I hate the boards , " he says . But he obliged his landlord who offered to install them . "  I do n't like them here , but I do n't want my windows smashed out either , " he says . McMullen is one of the few white business owners in this part of Ferguson . He says he knows most residents just want to speak their minds without violence , but he says it 's "  the crazies " that worry him . "  People who are n't afraid are stupid because fear keeps your mind alert and keeps yourself protected , " McMullen says . And for him , so does the concealed weapon he carries . Ferguson mayor sees possible protests in region when grand jury decides Fighting the fear On the surface , it looks like David Royal is boarding up and cleaning out an old Ponderosa restaurant on West Florissant Road . Instead , he 's renovating it . "  We can change the face of Ferguson , and that 's what we 're doing here , " Royal says . He and a handful of volunteers , some of them also protesters , worked hand in hand with Mayor Knowles for a day to turn the old boarded up building into the Center for Hope and Peace . When it opens , Royal says the Center will help local residents with job training and plug them into existing social services . "  Even though we have some bumps in the road , we stick together , " Royal says . Steps away , at a strip mall with more boards than windows , the Burger Bar and More restaurant stands out . Not just for its signature Garbage Burger , topped with a fried egg , but also because it 's one of the few on West Florissant that is not boarded up . The owner , Charles Davis , opened the restaurant the day before Brown was killed . "  I want to make a statement to the community , " Davis says . "  I 'm here , I 'm open and I 'm not going anywhere . " He suffered through the first round of protests and he plans to stand firm no matter what the future holds . "  I refused to shut down then , I refuse to shut down now , " Davis says . "  I fear only one thing : God . "	Shop owner Constance Garnett has boarded up her salon She says she fears the response to the grand jury decision Others , like Burger Bar owner , is open for business and not boarded
CNN  -- Fourth-placed Valencia snatched a 1-1 draw at lowly Racing Santander despite having two players sent off on Monday in a result that did little to help either side 's Spanish league hopes . Racing , watched by new Indian owner Ahsan Ali Syed , took the lead in the 33rd minute through Argentine striker Ariel Nahuelpan . Valencia were reduced to 10 men when defender David Navarro was booked in the 54th minute , but still drew level through Argentine midfielder Tino Costa with 12 minutes to play . Portuguese defender Ricardo Costa joined Navarro on the sidelines after his second yellow card with a minute to go in regulation play , while Santander 's Algeria midfielder Medhi Lacen suffered the same fate in time added on . Real Madrid slump to shock defeat at Osasuna The result left Valencia four points adrift of third-placed Villarreal , who won 1-0 at Espanyol on Sunday . Santander moved three points clear of the relegation zone , where Levante moved off the bottom with a 2-0 win over Getafe on Saturday . Syed became only the second foreign owner in La Liga earlier this month , following the pre-season acquisition of Malaga by Qatar 's Sheikh Abdallah Ben Nasser Al-Thani .	Valencia trail third-placed Villarreal by four points after 1-1 draw at Santander Visitors come from behind after Ariel Nahuelpan 's first-half opener for home team Defender David Navarro is sent off in second half before Tino Costa equalizes Both teams then have a player sent off at the end of the match
Editor 's note : Join Roland S. Martin for his weekly sound-off segment on CNN.com Live at 10:30 a.m. Wednesday . If you 're passionate about politics , he wants to hear from you . A supporter of Sen. Barack Obama , Martin is a nationally syndicated columnist and Chicago , Illinois-based radio host . He is the author of "  Listening to the Spirit Within : 50 Perspectives on Faith " and "  Speak , Brother ! A Black Man 's View of America . " Please visit his Web site . Roland S. Martin urges the candidates to stop with the lofty talk and simplistic solutions and be specific . CNN  -- If you are a member of America 's middle class in this presidential year , you are sort of like a blue-chip football recruit , lavished with praise , attention and adoration from fawning coaches and alumni who would love nothing better than to land the prized player to win the national championship . For "  Coach " John McCain and "  Coach " Barack Obama , the title to win is president of the United States , and like the big-time football coaches , they will say and do anything to make it happen . Tax cuts ? Oh , absolutely , we do n't want you to feel any more pain . Let the rich -- and the poor -- deal with carrying the burden . You want more jobs ? Sure , we 're going to force companies that send jobs overseas to make them stay at home because we know you need those long disappearing and high-paying manufacturing jobs that helped build this nation . Ca n't afford to send your kids to college ? Do n't sweat it . We 've got tax credits , Pell grants , super-duper loans and all kinds of other options to make this a reality . Are they cutting back on health care at your job ? No big deal . Coach McCain says he 's got some nifty tax credits lined up to tickle your fancy and ignite your soul . Coach Obama ? He 's going to go for the whole enchilada by pushing for virtual universal health care . Oh , these guys are wonderful with their sales pitches . They have the ability to make every single one of you feel so special and loved ; no one else is more important to them -- at that moment . I must admit , the pathetic pining and pandering for middle-class votes has turned so moronic that at times it drives me nuts . First , who in the world are we even talking about ? If you listen to the candidates and their campaigns , those in the middle class could make upward of $ 200,000 a year , while some suggest middle class means earning as little as $ 20,000 . I moderated a panel Tuesday for the National Black MBA Association and heard descriptions of the lower middle class , the middle class and the upper middle class . Someone even suggested that it 's really about a "  state of mind . " That 's right . It boils down to how we feel and think . If that 's the case , then you can have $ 5 million in the bank , but if you love your family , go to church and share the same values as others around you , you 're middle class . Please , can we just stop with lofty talk and plain-spoken and simplistic solutions and be as specific as possible ? There are really four fundamental issues affecting middle-class voters . Jobs We 've seen a loss of 600,000 jobs under President Bush , so how exactly will McCain and Obama create jobs ? Is there anything in their past that shows they have the ability to do just that ? I 've heard "  drill , drill , drill ! " from McCain , and Obama says we 're going to turn the old textile and steel mills into a green machine by targeting wind and other sources of energy . Housing Congress is providing a backstop for Wall Street -- making billions available if cash is needed . What will McCain and Obama actually do to keep folks from losing their homes ? Oh , I know a lot of people suggest that these middle-class folks should have read the fine print and not gotten in over their heads , but if something is good for Wall Street , why not Main Street ? Health care This is no joke , and a primary reason why Americans file for bankruptcy . I know . My appendix ruptured in 2000 while covering the Democratic National Convention , forcing me to spend five days in a Los Angeles hospital and accruing more than $ 70,000 in hospital bills . Yep , I did n't have health insurance . I was just a 29-year-old never-been-sick freelancer stuck out in the cold . The pressure of that led to falling behind on my mortgage , and the start of foreclosure proceedings . Bankruptcy was the only thing that saved me , and by the grace of God , my finances turned around , and this month , I 'm making my final payment . McCain says a $ 5,000 tax credit for health care will help , but the problem with that is you have to pay the dough upfront , and then claim it on your taxes . But what happens when they want the money now ? Obama says the answer is his health care plan , but that switch wo n't be flipped immediately . So what happens while the laborious debate takes place ? I just wait for my MRI until Washington finishes debating and the special interests pick the plan to death ? Education For many Americans , education is a ticket to the middle class and beyond . Much of the time the candidates talk about vouchers . Look , that 's not going to solve the education problem . What we should be hearing them talk about is the inequity of the school systems . Children living in wealthy school districts get tons of money and the best qualified teachers , while poorer districts are forced to make do with less qualified teachers and without computers or even basic amenities . The bottom line Remember those blue-chip players ? Today , they are telling a coach : If you want me to sign , promise that I 'll start . No play , no sign . That 's what middle-class Americans must tell the candidates . If you are unwilling to put your personal credibility and integrity behind your campaign pledges , then you do n't get my vote . And if you give away your vote just because someone is a Democrat or Republican , or a man or a woman , or black or white , and you end up getting screwed in the end , you have no one to blame but yourself . So use the most powerful thing you have to demand real answers to your real problems from McCain , Obama , Joe Biden and Sarah Palin : your vote . The power is literally in your hands . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of the writer .	Roland S. Martin : Candidates offer anything and everything to snag middle class Martin : "  Pathetic pining and pandering for middle-class votes ... moronic " Martin : Jobs , housing , health care , education are the big middle-class issues
CNN  -- Is the world spinning out of control ? I get asked this question a lot these days , and for understandable reasons . Look at what 's been in the news in just the last few weeks . The Islamic State of Iraq and Syria 's execution videos , Scotland 's bid for secession , Russian soldiers in Ukraine . There is an unraveling taking place in parts of the world . In the Middle East , the old order that stretched from Libya to Syria has collapsed . In Russia , the rise of oil prices has empowered and emboldened President Vladimir Putin -- and he wants a makeover on the fall of the Soviet Union . Putin is testing the stability of the old international order built after World War II , and sees that it is weaker than most people might have guessed . But why is all this happening ? In the Middle East , people were tired of the old dictatorships . They were n't prepared for what should follow them , but they wanted greater space and voice . The result has been chaos and violence , but perhaps that is the brutal , ugly phase that will force people there to find a way to make their peace with the modern world . After all , Europe went through its own religious wars , wars or nationalism , and world wars before it became the stable continent it is today . Similarly , in Eurasia , the real driver of what has happened there is not the West or Russia , but the Ukrainian people . They decided that they did n't want to be vassals of the Kremlin . They look with longing at Poland , which in 1989 had a similar-sized economy to theirs and is now twice the size , and is a member in good standing of the European Union . Of course there are Ukrainians who feel differently -- that 's what 's causing the turmoil -- but most , overwhelmingly , want to chart a future with the West . Whether they can remains an open question , given Putin 's firm resolve to sabotage their plans . But again , this is a sign of people searching for greater connections with the civilized world . And look at the rest of the world . India and Indonesia have elected leaders who are friendly towards markets , the West , and America -- resolutely democratic and yet strong nationalists . Mexico and Colombia have reformers at the helm . In Africa , there are many governments from Ethiopia to Rwanda , where you see real progress in health and living conditions . There are many pieces of bad news coming out of that continent -- from Ebola to Boko Haram -- but there is also good news , growing economies , a surging middle class . And look at the world 's two largest economies . The United States remains economically vibrant , with a dynamic society , new technologies that dominate the world , and new sources of energy that will power it for a few generations . China , for all the noise , remains committed to economic development first , is embarking on anti-corruption and reform drives and has even begun to tackle pollution and climate change as an issue . I 'm not saying that all is well in the world -- I 'm really suggesting that we are in the midst of great global change . Much of this change is driven by good news -- people 's desires for greater freedom and autonomy , new information technologies , etc. . But all change is disruptive , and without the institutions of freedom and the civic culture of liberty , this period of transition can be dangerous . The forces of integration will not automatically triumph over the forces of disintegration . But there are many good forces out here that are also sweeping through the world these days . And , of course , Scotland did not end up seceding . Score one for integration .	There is an unraveling taking place in parts of the world , writes Fareed Zakaria In the Middle East , people were tired of the old dictatorships They were n't prepared for what should follow them , Zakaria says Europe went through its turmoil before it became stable continent it is today , he says
CNN  -- There 's a new polar bear on the block -- meet Anori , half-sister to Knut , who made her public debut this week at Wuppertal Zoo in Germany . Small , fluffy and cute , she wandered out into a small outdoor enclosure with her mother , Vilma , for the first time Thursday to meet her audience . Anori , born on January 4 , opened her eyes at a month old , the zoo says . Since then , she has worked on mastering the tricky arts of walking and climbing , with her efforts captured by a surveillance camera placed within the bears ' den . Video footage from the outdoor enclosure shows the cub clambering tentatively along a log . Anori shares a father with Knut , the cub who became an Internet star after he was abandoned by his mother and hand-raised by a zookeeper . Knut died suddenly at age 4 in March 2010 at Zoo Berlin , to the sorrow of many worldwide who had followed the cub 's progress . A second cub was born with Anori in January but died a week later , the zoo said . Wuppertal Zoo has a long history of raising polar bears , with the first cub born there in 1931 , the zoo 's website says . Scientists believe there could be as few as 25,000 polar bears left in the world , according to Polar Bears International , a conservation group . In 2008 , the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service listed the polar bear as threatened under the Endangered Species Act .	Anori was born in January and opened her eyes a month later She has ventured into an outdoor enclosure for the first time with her mother Anori shares a father with Knut , the polar bear cub who became an Internet sensation
CNN  -- The bigger its touchscreen , the more tempting it is to use a smartphone for watching movies , as a GPS device , or to check out the latest happenings on social media . People in the United States with smartphones that have screens 4.5-inches and larger use 44 % more data than those tapping away on smaller phones , according to a recent report from the NDP group . The wider-screened devices were used to gobble up an average 7.2 gigabytes a month in data , while smaller phones had closer to 5 gigabytes . The larger screen real estate might be more inviting for wasting time with Internet-connected apps . The most popular apps for the larger-phone users are Facebook , Google Maps , YouTube , Amazon and Pandora . People with larger screens use apps more frequently across all the major categories . Social media is the most popular , followed by navigation , video , retail and music . The apps do things people on smaller phones might switch over to tablets or computers for . Larger smartphones are becoming more common , with some newer models creeping toward small tablet sizes . Last year , 11 % of available smartphones sported large screens , but now that number is 28 % . At the same time , overall data usage for smartphones has jumped 11 % . Even Apple increased its smartphone screen size with the iPhone 5 , and there are constant rumors the company is considering going larger for future phones . For now , bigger screened devices are still in the minority of phones sold , but if bigger screens do translate to more time spent on phones , it could be a smart business move for hardware manufacturers and wireless carriers to push the costlier devices . More usage means more app usage and potentially inflated wireless bills for people who do n't have unlimited data plans . The NPD group tracked how 4,500 people used their smartphones during May , June and July of this year for the report . They looked at both Android and iOS users who used their phones on wireless and cellular connections . For current large-phone owners concerned about overdoing it on data , the best way to keep those bills down is to wait and connect to Wi-Fi instead of the cellular network before doing any heavy streaming .	People with larger smartphones tend to use more data , a new study has found Devices with screens 4.5-inches and larger average 7.2 gigabytes a month in data Large smartphones are still the minority in the U.S but are gaining popularity
CNN  -- Reputed mob boss James "  Whitey " Bulger , visibly annoyed , muttered under his breath "  You 're a f -- ing liar " Thursday as a disgraced former FBI supervisor testified that there was "  no question " the Irish gangster doubled as an informant for FBI Boston . Prosecutor Brian Kelly requested that the judge in Bulger 's federal trial advise Bulger to "  keep his little remarks to himself , " which Judge Denise Casper advised shortly after . Both sets of attorneys have spent a remarkable amount of time during the trial of the notorious Bulger , charged with 19 murders and in court after living in hiding for 16 years , trying to prove whether Bulger was an informant during a 15-year period . Even Judge Casper is beginning to question the importance of the issue . During post-court discussion over motions , as the defense was attempting to further it 's argument that Bulger 's informant records were forged by his FBI handler , Judge Casper questioned , "  How does that address that your client is not guilty of crimes here ? " Bulger 's attorney J.W. Carney danced around the question and responded , "  Bulger was not providing information as an informant , he was providing money so that he 'd get tipped off about wire taps and search warrants . " Bulger 's attorneys have been quick to admit to acts of extortion and racketeering -- charges Bulger is also facing -- to defend their client 's position that he was not another "  rat " from South Boston . "  Why ca n't both be true ? " Judge Casper inquired . "  The defendant 's position is  that  only one is true . " Carney said . "  Why would James Bulger be paying all this money to all these people if the government 's theory is he got all this protection because he was providing information . Why would he keep paying everybody ? " Former FBI supervisor John Morris , an addition to the government 's long list of cooperating witnesses , testified Thursday that he took bribes from Bulger in the amount of $ 7,000 , along with a silver-plated champagne bucket and two cases of imported wine . Morris said he asked Bulger if he could "  spring " for a plane ticket for his secretary girlfriend to visit him during FBI training in Georgia , and Bulger obliged . Morris admitted to his acts of corruption in 1997 in exchange for immunity . A sheepish , red-faced Morris , though less than six feet away from Bulger , avoided eye contact with the defendant , who glared steadily at his old confidant throughout his testimony . This is the first time the two have seen each other since they cut ties in 1991 after Morris leaked Bulger 's informant status to the Boston Globe . Morris said he first met Bulger at a dinner he hosted his Lexington , Massachusetts , home in 1978 along with Bulger 's FBI handler John Connolly , whom he characterized as his "  best friend . " Morris said he met Bulger and later his associate Steve "  The Rifleman " Flemmi eight to 10 times in various places , including Morris ' home , Morris ' girlfriend 's apartment , a hotel , Bulger 's home and even in Flemmi 's mother 's house for dinner . Flemmi 's mother cooked . The defense has previously argued that Bulger was not treated like an informant , and thus did not believe that he was . Morris testified that Connolly preferred to meet Bulger in "  pleasant surroundings , not the type of surroundings you would meet a normal informant , " like in a hotel or car . "  He wanted Mr. Bulger to be comfortable , " Morris said . Morris was supervisor to rogue FBI agent Connolly , who is currently serving a 40-year sentence on second-degree murder charges for leaking the identities of witnesses cooperating against Bulger 's Winter Hill Gang . Flemmi , serving a life sentence , is set to testify against Bulger later in this trial after agreeing to cooperate with the government to evade the death penalty in 1997 . All that Bulger and Flemmi wanted from their handlers in exchange for information was "  a head start , " as Morris described -- to be tipped off if they were going to be indicted or charged so they could flee . The pair , according to Morris , knew they were "  fair game " and acknowledged that they were engaging in criminal activity and at some point they might get charged . If that happened , they did n't want their identity as informants disclosed and would rather "  take the risk " Morris said . Morris admitted to tipping his informants off to wire taps , and keeping their names out of a 1975 horse race indictment . He testified that the Mafia , or La Cosa Nostra , was the main priority of the FBI in Boston and that Bulger and his partner Flemmi were instrumental in the take-down of those mobsters . The two provided the agents with a drawing of Mafia headquarters , and that was used to take down the New England Mafia in a 1983 sting . After being tipped off to an indictment , Bulger went on the run for 16 years and landed himself on the FBI 's top 10 most wanted list before being arrested in his Santa Monica . California , home with his girlfriend in 2011 . Morris said that he signed off on reports Bulger provided to the FBI that he knew were false lies to protect himself from being implicated as the person to who leaked sensitive information that may have tipped Bulger off to witnesses that were cooperating against him . Those potential witnesses were eventually murdered , Morris said , and Bulger has been charged in their killings . While the defense had little time to cross-examine Morris , who will be back on the stand Friday , defense attorney Hank Brennan painted Morris to be a liar , an adulterer , and a fraud . He was able to fire off a question that is likely to resound with the jury . "  You were corrupt , were n't you Mr. Morris ? " Brennan queried . "  Yes , " Morris exhaled after a long pause and a deep breath .	A former FBI agents is asked : "  You were corrupt , were n't you ? " "  Yes , " comes the answer from agent , who is testifying against "  Whitey " Bulger Reputed mob boss Bulger is charged with 19 murders He lived in hiding for 16 years , after a tipoff from an FBI source that he faced indictment
CNN  -- He 's gone from being a backup dancer to the biggest thing in Asian pop culture , an actor and singer who has sold millions of albums . K-pop sensation and actor Rain faced your questions . The 27-year-old South Korean has even faced down U.S. comedian Steven Colbert in a spoof dance-off . The comedy skit came about after Rain placed higher than him in Time Magazine 's 2008 online poll of the 100 Most Influential People . As well as a sense of humor and dance moves that shook Colbert out of his satirical posture to praise , Rain is also known as one of the hardest working men in the entertainment business . Rain , real name Jung Ji-hoon , broke into the notoriously tough world of South Korean show business with JYP Entertainment when he was just 18-years-old . He made his first mark in Hollywood last year with a role in "  Speed Racer " appearing alongside Christina Ricci and Matthew Fox . As a singer with five albums to his name , he 's faced thousands of screaming fans at concerts across the world , and recently he faced your questions . Watch the show and find out what makes Rain tick .	Korean pop culture sensation will be on Talk Asia later this month 27-year-old has gone from backup dancer to appearing in Hollywood films Rain will be appearing with answers to your questions
CNN  -- As one bombing suspect recovers in a prison hospital and cemeteries reject the body of the other , a whirlwind of new developments are swirling around the investigation into the Boston Marathon bombings . Here are five major developments that took place over the weekend and what 's expected to happen next in the case : 1 . One suspect appears in court One of the three friends accused of helping Dzhokhar Tsarnaev , the younger of the two suspects , cover up his alleged crime is due in court for a bail hearing Monday . Robel Phillipos , 19 , is accused of making false statements to federal investigators during a terrorism investigation . If convicted , he could go to prison for eight years and be fined as much as $ 250,000 . Phillipos and two mutual friends met at Tsarnaev 's dorm room the night authorities released photos of the bombing suspects , according to an FBI affidavit . Tsarnaev texted one of the friends , saying he could "  come to my room and take whatever you want . " Tsarnaev was n't in his dorm room , but his roommate let the friends in . Phillipos first denied to investigators ever going to the dorm room , then later changed his story , the affidavit states . While watching a movie , one or more of the friends spotted a backpack , according to the statement . Inside , Phillipos noticed about seven tubular fireworks , each between 6 and 8 inches long . The fireworks ' powder had been taken out . The three friends left with the backpack and laptop , the FBI affidavit states . The backpack was thrown in a trash bin and ended up in a New Bedford landfill , only to be found six days later . FBI : How Dzhokhar Tsarnaev 's friends took , trashed key pieces of evidence 2 . Cemeteries do n't want to bury Tamerlan Tsarnaev For two weeks , no one claimed the body of Tamerlan Tsarnaev , the elder bombing suspect who died the night he and his brother led police on a wild chase . Now , the funeral home holding his remains is struggling to find a place to bury him . The brothers ' parents in Dagestan have said they will not fly his body back to Russia for burial , spokeswoman Heda Saratova said . And Cambridge City Manager Robert W. Healy said he would not allow Tsarnaev to be buried in the city if requested by the funeral director or Tsarnaev 's family . "  The difficult and stressful efforts of the citizens of the City of Cambridge to return to a peaceful life would be adversely impacted by the turmoil , protests , and widespread media presence at such an interment , " Healy said in a statement Sunday . Explaining his decision , he cited an excerpt from Massachusetts state law saying that "  it shall be the duty of the city manager to act as chief conservator of the peace within the city . " "  I have determined that it is not in the best interest of ` peace within the city ' to execute a cemetery deed for a plot within the Cambridge Cemetery for the body of Tamerlan Tsarnaev , " Healy said . Tsarnaev 's body now lies at Graham Putnam & Mahoney Funeral Parlors in Worcester , west of Boston . Peter Stefan , owner of the funeral home , said three cemeteries he 's contacted said they feared reprisals . If he ca n't find a gravesite , Stefan said he plans to ask the government to find one . The funeral home owner said everyone deserves to be buried . "  This is what we do in a civilized society , regardless of the circumstances , " he said . 3 . $ 28 million to go to victims On Monday , officials from The One Fund Boston will unveil a tentative plan to distribute roughly $ 28 million to bombing victims and their families . Representatives will hold town hall meetings Monday and Tuesday in Copley Square to discuss the plan . Putting a price tag on suffering Kenneth Feinberg , administrator of The One Fund Boston , told CNN 's Don Lemon that while the amount of money might sound substantial , "  you have to dampen expectations . " "  I doubt anyone will be made whole by these allocations , " he said . "  No amount of money distributed fairly quickly over the next month or two is going to provide the type of long-term financial stability " needed by a double-amputee or somebody hospitalized with a brain injury , Feinberg said . "  There 's just not enough money for those purposes . " 4 . Residue in the kitchen sink Federal authorities on Sunday searched Tamerlan Tsarnaev 's apartment , the home he shared with his wife , Katherine Russell , and their young daughter . It was not immediately clear whether investigators had taken anything from the apartment Sunday . But on Friday , a source briefed on the investigation said law enforcement officials found explosives residue in the small apartment . The source said the residue turned up in at least three places : the kitchen table , the kitchen sink and the bathtub . Dzhokhar Tsarnaev has said the two brothers built the bombs in the apartment , U.S. law enforcement officials briefed on the investigation have said . Russell , the widow , has remained largely out of view since her husband 's death , staying in her parents ' Rhode Island home . Her attorney , Amato DeLuca , said the 24-year-old knew nothing about plans to bomb the race , and reports of her husband 's involvement came as an "  absolute shock " to Russell and her family . 5 . Wrong place , wrong time , wrong people Amir Ismagulov , the father of Azamat Tazhayakov , said his son was simply at the wrong place at the wrong time with the wrong people . Tazhayakov and Dias Kadyrbayev , both 19 , are accused of obstruction of justice after allegedly removing the laptop and backpack from Dzhokhar Tsarnaev 's room . If convicted , they could face up to five years in prison and a $ 250,000 fine . Tazhayakov 's father , who lives in Kazakhstan , told CNN in New York that he met with his son last week for about 40 minutes . Both father and son believe in the U.S. justice system , Ismagulov said . The government will get to the bottom of what happened and let Tazhayakov go , the father said in Russian . Teenagers sometimes do stupid things , Ismagulov said , stressing that his son did n't know he was doing anything wrong . CNN 's Eric Fiegel , Greg Botelho and Rob Frehse contributed to this report .	A bombing suspect 's friend accused of lying to authorities is due in court Monday Cambridge 's city manager says the older bombing suspect ca n't be buried there Officials will announce a plan on how to distribute roughly $ 28 million in compensation
You might call it "  stemwaregate " , a seemingly extravagant luxury purchase by the U.S. Department of State just before the federal government partially shuts down . A contract worth as much as $ 5 million was awarded to high-end Vermont glass and pottery designer Simon Pearce to design and manufacture glass stemware for U.S. foreign embassies just days before the October 1st government shutdown . State Department spokesperson Marie Harf sought Wednesday to downplay the story . " -LSB- T -RSB- here was no sort of $ 5 million midnight purchase trying to get it just in under the wire , " she said . "  This contract was not connected in any way to the shutdown . " But Harf did acknowledge the contract , which was awarded September 25 , coincided with the end of the government 's fiscal year , at which time many agencies incorporate a "  use it or lose it " mentality with their funding . A spokesperson for Simon Pearce told CNN the contract is for 12,500 pieces of custom hand-blown glassware to be produced over five years and to be used at foreign embassies . Simon Pearce stemware is n't cheap -- starting at $ 65 per piece . But the spokeswoman said the government has negotiated a "  significant reduction " in price due to the volume order . The company spokesperson said Vermont Democratic Sen. Patrick Leahy was instrumental in securing the contract . Simon Pearce expects the contract to allow it to hire many additional workers at its Quechee facility , which was nearly destroyed by Hurricane Irene two years ago . Harf said the purchase reinforces U.S. worldwide diplomacy : "  We 're out there representing the United States , and I think what better way to do that than with a good American company with good American products . " 5 crazy side effects from the shutdown	Simon Pearce of Vermont wins contract for glassware Officials say purchase "  not connected " to shutdown State Department : Good company , good products
CNN  -- Carly Fleischmann lived most of her childhood trapped in a body that could not communicate clearly with the outside world . She could n't speak and had few fine motor skills . She 'd been diagnosed with severe autism at age 2 . Even with the progress that has been made with therapy techniques and medication , Fleischmann was still a mystery to her own family . Who was she ? What would her voice be like if she could speak ? These were all questions that would go unanswered until Fleischmann began to type . One day , during a session with one of her therapists , Fleischmann began to feel sick . Unable to speak to convey her condition , Fleischmann went out on a limb and took the keyboard . She typed "  Help teeth hurt . " This would be the breakthrough that eventually allowed Fleischmann to communicate with the outside world . A life without smartphones and other mobile devices would be hard to imagine for those of us who are phone-clutching , tablet-wielding mobile device addicts . How would we be able to live without Facebook or Instagram always in our pockets ? How could I check my bank account balance while I 'm out shopping ? But for Fleischmann and many others like her these devices give so much more : a voice . The first-generation iPad was released in the U.S just after Fleischmann 's 15th birthday . Her family immediately drove from their home in Toronto to purchase one . They knew that the iPad would be a turning point for her to have freedom and the ability to communicate like never before . Fleischmann began to type on a desktop computer at age 10 , but it was a difficult and slow progress , one letter at a time . "  She finds typing extremely frustrating , " said her father , Arthur Fleischmann . "  She wants a voice more than anything else . In her case , it 's even worse , because she has very severe OCD , and she gets anxious , and when she gets anxious , she freezes . It 's still frustrating that she ca n't get her thoughts and feelings out . " As Fleischmann began to type more , her family and her therapists got to know her . She was a sharp-witted , bright girl who knew pop culture . She cracked jokes and poked fun at her brother , complaining about his teenage boy smell . She had her own sense of style . But most important , Fleischmann was tenacious . She made it clear that she was willing to fight to achieve her goals . Before the iPad , she tried several mobile communication devices . These tools had text-to-speak functionality , but she did n't really take to them . "  She rejected her early communication devices like the Lightwriter and the DynaVox because she felt they made her look disabled , " her parents said . "  She does n't think of herself as disabled ; she thinks of herself as a kid with autism . But she does n't want that to define her . " For most people , the iPad opened a whole new way to send and receive information . It let us learn , communicate and socialize in a way we never had before . For Fleischmann , the iPad was a game-changer for a much different reason . It gave her independence , and the apps made it easy to communicate her thoughts without painstakingly typing each letter on a computer . And because it was deemed "  cool , " it was enticing to her . It did not make her feel different . As with any other teenager , Fleischmann 's "  cool " points went up , and it helped her fit in . "  It looked totally cool to be walking around with an iPad , and she much prefers that , " her father said . Fleischmann says she loves her iPad and says , "  thanks to it , I participate in class in a whole new way . " Fleischmann now has two iPads and a laptop she uses regularly . The app she uses most is the fully customizable ProLoQuo2Go . When Fleischmann goes to camp , for example , she can pre-load photos and words associated with camp to more efficiently communicate with her peers . The app comes at a steep price of $ 189.99 . But the freedom and ease with which she can communicate clearly make it worthwhile . Fleischmann and her father have written a book detailing her struggles and triumphs with autism . She has garnered the attention of celebrities and autism advocates like Ellen DeGeneres , Sen. John Kerry , Larry King and Temple Grandin . Recently , she joined Kerry on a panel to discuss how important technology is to those with autism . "  Technology has allowed me to communicate , learn social skills , implement relaxing techniques and played a crucial part in helping me how to spell , " she said . "  To me , technology is the key to unlocking autism . " Watch : Carly Fleischmann speaks with Sen. John Kerry Facebook , Twitter and blogging also play a big part in Fleischmann 's ability to communicate with the world . She continues to amaze her family every day . Her assistant , Howard , found a dialer attachment , and using that , ProLoQuo2Go and a speakerphone , Fleischmann can call friends . Follow Carly on Facebook Her dad says that while Fleischmann may not have the fine motor function to do things like tie her shoes , he hopes she will be able to attain more independence through technology . Fleischmann says her next goal is to attend university . She has her eye on UCLA and says she wants to get her bachelor 's or her doctorate like her idol , Temple Grandin . Find out more about Carly Fleischmann 's story here .	Technology like the iPad allows Carly Fleischmann to have voice heard despite inability to speak Carly regularly relies on the ProLoQuo2Go app Using a phone dialer for seniors and her iPad , Carly was able to order a pizza for the first time
New York  CNN  -- Two U.S. senators ratcheted up the pressure on BP and British government officials Monday to provide answers to the questions now swirling around the release of Abdelbaset Ali Mohmed al Megrahi , the Libyan man convicted in the 1988 bombing of Pam Am Flight 103 , which killed 270 people . Obama administration officials , meanwhile , took what was described as an "  exceptional step " to make clear that they had strongly opposed al Megrahi 's release . A group of senators from New York and New Jersey have repeatedly voiced suspicions that Scottish authorities released al Megrahi as part of a deal allowing oil giant BP to drill off the Libyan coast . BP , a British corporation , is already dealing with a public relations nightmare as the company responsible for the Gulf of Mexico oil disaster . Robert Menendez , D-New Jersey , is set to lead a Senate Foreign Relations Committee hearing Thursday on the controversy surrounding al Megrahi 's release . Several British officials have declined invitations to testify . "  The abundance of incredible coincidences " surrounding al Megrahi 's release demands transparency , Menendez said Monday . "  A cloud of suspicion " will hang over the issue until all of the relevant questions have been answered . Menendez accused the Scottish and British governments of trying to point the finger of blame at each other in the decision to release al Megrahi . They 're "  playing a game of diplomatic tennis worthy of Wimbledon , " he said . Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand , D-New York , said she is concerned that the release was "  an example of profits being put above people . " The senators need to know if "  blood was given for money , " she said . "  We need to know that justice was served in this case . " The two senators were joined by relatives of three of the victims of the bombing . "  The increasing silence " of authorities in London and Edinburgh leads me to "  think one thing : They 're guilty of something , " said Eileen Walsh , who lost her father , brother and sister . Menendez and Gillibrand were part of a group of four senators who met for 45 minutes last week with Prime Minister David Cameron , asking the British leader for an independent investigation into the release of al Megrahi and any possible involvement BP might have had . Sens. Charles Schumer of New York and Frank Lautenberg of New Jersey also attended . Most of the bombing victims were Americans . The flight was headed from Frankfurt , West Germany , to New York via London , England , when it exploded in the air . Al Megrahi was convicted in the case and sentenced to life in prison . The Scottish government released him on compassionate grounds in August after doctors said he had terminal prostate cancer and just three months to live . Al Megrahi is still alive , however , and news reports in recent days have questioned whether he was as sick as depicted . Under the Scotland Act 1998 , Scotland has its own government that is responsible for most of the day-to-day issues there , including the justice system . Menendez has invited Scottish Justice Secretary Kenny MacAskill , who made the decision to release al Megrahi , to testify before the Foreign Relations Committee . Andrew Fraser , the physician who gave the prognosis that led to al Megrahi 's release , and former British Justice Secretary Jack Straw also have been asked to attend . All have declined . In an effort to make clear that the Obama White House had opposed the release al Megrahi , the State Department on Monday released the text of an August 12 , 2009 , letter sent from Richard LeBaron , the number two official at the U.S. Embassy in Britain , to Scottish First Minister Alex Salmond . The letter stated that the U.S. government "  maintains its view that in light of the scope of Megrahi 's crime , its heinous nature , and its continued and devastating impact on the victims and their families , it would be most appropriate for Megrahi to remain imprisoned for the entirety of his sentence . " If al Megrahi were released from prison , the United States would strongly oppose allowing him "  to travel outside of Scotland , " LeBaron wrote . "  We believe that the welcoming reception that Megrahi might receive if he is permitted to travel abroad would be extremely inappropriate . " State Department spokesman P.J. Crowley said Monday that the administration was trying to "  avoid the worst possible outcome -- a hero 's welcome for Megrahi in Libya . ... Unfortunately , the Scottish government did not heed those views . Scottish authorities instead took two steps we explicitly asked them to avoid : they released Megrahi and they permitted his return to Libya . " At a joint news conference last week , Cameron and U.S. President Barack Obama blasted the Scottish decision . Cameron promised that the British government will cooperate with the U.S. congressional investigation into the controversy , though he stressed that the decision to release al Megrahi was made by the Scottish government , without any involvement from BP . Obama said that most Americans were "  surprised , disappointed and angry " about the decision to let al Megrahi go . BP has said it expressed concern to the British government in late 2007 about the slow progress of a prisoner transfer agreement that Britain and Libya were negotiating , saying it could have had a "  negative impact " on British commercial interests . But the company has denied involvement in any talks with either the British or Scottish governments specifically about al Megrahi 's release .	NEW : State Department releases August 2009 letter opposing al Megrahi release Two senators are urging the U.K. government and BP officials to testify at upcoming hearing Menendez claims an "  abundance of incredible coincidences " Bomber Abdelbaset Ali Mohmed al Megrahi was released last year
CNN  -- In the face of Republican opposition , the Senate confirmed President Barack Obama 's nominee to be deputy secretary of state Tuesday . Vice President Joe Biden congratulated Tony Blinken on his confirmation . "  Admired in every corner of the world , " Biden said of Blinken in a tweet that included a picture of the two of them strapped inside an aircraft . Blinken was a member of the Obama-Biden presidential transition team in 2009 and later became Obama 's deputy national security adviser . Before his tenure with the administration , where he has become a key player on foreign policy issues , Blinken was a senior fellow at the Center for Strategic and International Studies in Washington . Opposition to the nomination Last week , Republican Sens. John McCain of Arizona and Marco Rubio of Florida made it clear at a Senate Foreign Relations Committee hearing that they would oppose Blinken 's nomination . McCain condemned Blinken for being one of the "  architects " of the U.S. troop withdrawal from Iraq in 2011 , which McCain believes precipitated the growth of ISIS , the terrorist group that now controls parts of Iraq and Syria . McCain pointed to statements Blinken made then that "  Iraq has never been so prosperous , so powerful , and peaceful as it is today , " as reason enough for preventing his nomination . Blinken "  was wrong , he was dead wrong , he made many , many statements about Iraq , and unfortunately thousands of people are dead now and parts of Iraq are now controlled by the deadly organization called ISIS , " said McCain . Rubio said he 's opposed to the nomination because Blinken 's answers to questions about U.S.-Cuban relations were inadequate . "  I intend , just to be clear and on the record , to use every procedural method available to me to slow down his nomination , " said Rubio . Democrats disagreed . "  I fully support him , " said Sen. Robert Menendez of New Jersey . Menendez said Blinken 's statements were part and parcel of those of an official who was duty bound to advocate on behalf of that administration . He said one may disagree with the Obama administration 's views , but "  that does n't mean that I necessarily am going to hold that nominee at the end of the day hostage to the administration 's view that I disagree with . " Blinken was confirmed Tuesday by a vote of 55 to 38 .	Tony Blinken served in the Obama-Biden transitional team in 2009 He was also a senior fellow at the Center for Strategic and International Studies McCain , Rubio opposed nomination for different reasons
BAGHDAD , Iraq  CNN  -- Half of Iraq 's registered voters turned out for peaceful provincial elections this weekend , the election commission said Sunday . Residents of Iraq 's Ramadi province cast their votes this weekend during provincial elections . The turnout of 7.5 million voters starkly contrasted with elections in 2005 , when the violence and intimidation of al Qaeda in Iraq kept voters away from the polls and only 2 percent of eligible voters participated . Faraj al-Haidari , the head of the Independent High Electoral Commission , called the turnout this year "  very high " for provincial elections in any country . Fifty-one percent of the 14.9 million registered voters cast ballots . Al-Haidari called the weekend voting the "  most important elections in the history of Iraq since the fall of Saddam Hussein . " Voting was held in 14 of Iraq 's 18 provinces . The highest turnout -- 65 percent -- was in the Salaheddin province in northern Iraq , the commission said . The lowest -- 40 percent -- was in Anbar , the Sunni heartland west of Baghdad . The sprawling desert area was dominated in 2005 by al Qaeda in Iraq . Preliminary results from the electoral commission are expected within five days . Final numbers are due at the end of February . CNN 's Arwa Damon , who toured polling stations with U.N. observers , said she noticed an increased sense of awareness and optimism among voters , who said they felt their participation would have an impact on their lives and country . Political analysts said this election could correct some of the political imbalances that resulted from the 2005 election . Saturday 's voting also was seen as a referendum on the popularity of Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki . "  We are trying to build a new system of government in the heart of the Islamic Middle East , " Iraqi Deputy Prime Minister Barham Saleh told CNN . "  The overwhelming majority of the people of Iraq are having a stake in this process , are buying into this democratic process . " Those elected will have regional power over the essentials Iraqis have been desperate for -- basic services and jobs , Damon reported . Observers believe the provincial vote will be a gauge of the country 's political direction and an indication of how the parliamentary elections will turn out later this year . The results should spell out the status of the Sunni Arab "  Awakening " movement -- which opposes al Qaeda in Iraq -- and the popularity of the Shiite factions , such as those backing al-Maliki , Shiite cleric Muqtada al-Sadr , and the Islamic Supreme Council of Iraq . Officials set up tough counter-terror measures for the election , including security rings around polling stations and vigorous searches of voters . Despite the heightened security , three mortars exploded near a polling station in central Tikrit , about 100 miles  160 kilometers  north of Baghdad , on Saturday morning , an official with the Interior Ministry told CNN . There were no casualties . In another incident in Tikrit , police detained four people wearing Iraqi police uniforms who they said had thrown stun grenades at voters outside a polling center . CNN 's Jomana Karadsheh contributed to this report .	51 percent turnout a sharp contrast to 2005 election , when only 2 percent voted Election commission chief : Most important election since Saddam Hussein fell The election was seen as a referendum on the popularity of Iraqi PM
CNN  -- U.S. Rep. Jesse Jackson Jr. is responding well to treatment for bipolar depression , the Mayo Clinic said Monday . The Rochester , Minn.-based clinic said Jackson is regaining his strength but offered no further information on his condition . In early July , the congressman 's office announced he was "  receiving intensive medical treatment at a residential treatment facility for a mood disorder . " A few weeks later , his office said he was undergoing an "  extensive inpatient evaluation for depression and gastrointestinal issues " at the Mayo Clinic . Jackson 's wife , Sandi , said earlier this month her husband had "  good days and bad days " and doctors were increasing his depression medication to "  therapeutic levels . " Wife : Rep. Jackson still ` very depressed ' The Illinois Democrat and son of the Rev. Jesse Jackson , the civil rights leader , has not been on Capitol Hill since late May . Jackson and his family have not said much about his ordeal , though his father told The Huffington Post that when he visited his son in Washington in June , he learned the junior Jackson had n't slept in three days . What the family thought was exhaustion , the Rev. Jackson said , was "  something much deeper , much broader , and it lasted much longer . " Sandi Jackson has firmly denied her husband had attempted suicide or was receiving help for alcohol or drug addiction . She said earlier this month it was unclear when he might return to work -- including whether he would be at the Democratic National Convention in early September . What is bipolar II disorder ? Jackson 's illness comes as the House Ethics Committee is examining allegations that in 2008 , he or one of his associates offered to raise money for then-Illinois Gov. Rod Blagojevich in exchange for Jackson being appointed to the Senate seat vacated by Barack Obama after he was elected president . The congressman has maintained his innocence and pledged to continue to cooperate with authorities . Blagojevich was convicted last year on corruption charges in connection with his efforts to profit from appointing the successor to the Senate seat . He began serving a 14-year sentence in March . Bipolar disorder is a treatable condition that affects parts of the brain controlling emotion , thought and drive , the Mayo Clinic says . Many Americans suffer from it , and it is most likely caused by a complex set of genetic and environmental factors , it says . Medical experts are still weighing whether gastric bypass surgery that Jackson underwent in 2004 for weight loss might have helped trigger his depression , his wife said . The Mayo Clinic said that type of surgery is increasingly common in the United States and can change how the body absorbs food , vitamins , nutrients and medications . Pelosi : Jackson should take the time he needs What do we know about mood disorders ? Jesse Jackson Jr. 's life shaped by history	Rep. Jesse Jackson Jr. is undergoing treatment at the Mayo Clinic Jackson 's wife recently said he was suffering from depression Jackson has not been on Capitol Hill since May
Cairo  CNN  -- Egyptian President Mohamed Morsy supports calls by people in Syria for President Bashar al-Assad to be tried for war crimes , he told CNN on Sunday in an exclusive interview . "  The Syrian people through their revolution and through the movement will -- when the bloodshed stops -- move to a new stage where they will have an independent parliament and a government of their choosing , " Morsy , Egypt 's first freely elected leader , told CNN 's Wolf Blitzer in Cairo . "  And then they will decide what they want to do to those who committed crimes against them . It is the Syrian people who decide . " Al-Assad 's effort to crush anti-government protests in 2011 has turned into a bloody civil war in which the United Nations estimates that more than 60,000 people have been killed . In his first televised address since June , al-Assad said Sunday that Syria was under "  an external attack " by "  extremists , who only know the language of killing and criminality . " Asked about Syria , Morsy repeated his previous calls for al-Assad to leave power . Egyptian revolutionaries toppled longtime strongman Hosni Mubarak in early 2011 , and Morsy has said Egypt will work for Arab and international support to replace al-Assad . Asked whether he thought the Syrian leader should be tried before the International Criminal Court for war crimes , Morsy said , "  It is not I who want this , but the Syrian people who want this . " "  This phase is the phase of the people , " Morsy said . "  Similar to what the Egyptian people wanted , the Syrian people want it . And we support the Syrian people , and they 're going to win , and they have the will to win . " Exclusive photos : Blitzer in Cairo for Morsy interview Morsy brokered the November cease-fire that ended an eight-day conflict between Israel and the Palestinian Islamist faction Hamas , which controls Gaza . Now , he has invited the heads of the two major Palestinian factions to meet in Cairo in hopes of building unity , a task he acknowledged wo n't be easy . Morsy said he invited Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas to meet with Khaled Meshaal , the political leader of Hamas , who lives in Cairo . Hamas controls Gaza , while Abbas 's party , Fatah , controls the West Bank . The two factions have clashed violently over the years . The United States , Israel and the European Union list Hamas as a terrorist organization . The group has carried out numerous attacks , killing scores of civilians . In the interview Sunday with CNN , Morsy sought to assure viewers around the world , as well as people in his own country , that he is committed to promoting democracy and protecting minorities , including the country 's Coptic Christians , from discrimination . Having spent time in the United States -- he received a doctorate at the University of Southern California -- Morsy knows U.S. democracy and said he is committed to allowing free speech .	Syrian people "  have the will to win , " Morsy tells CNN in an exclusive interview "  They will decide what they want to do to those who committed crimes against them , " he says The Egyptian president tells Wolf Blitzer he 's pushing for Palestinian unity
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Hollywood uber-producer Jerry Bruckheimer is famous for his almost uncanny ability to recognize a potential hit movie . Sixth sense : Hollywood action king Jerry Bruckheimer is famous for his uncanny ability to recognize a potential hit movie . Once described as "  the man with the golden gut , " Bruckheimer 's movies have earned more than $ 15 billion in box office , fueled by a potent mix of fast-moving action , big bangs and even bigger stars . Over the span of almost four decades , Tinseltown 's reigning king of action has credits including , 1980s classics "  Top Gun " and "  Flashdance , " high-octane action movies "  The Rock " and "  Con Air " in the 1990s , and most-famously the wildly successful "  Pirates of the Caribbean " franchise starring Johnny Depp . That "  Confessions of a Shopaholic , " Bruckheimer 's latest movie , which stars Isla Fisher , has absolutely no explosions , not a car chase in sight and includes gratuitous references shopping and designer high heels should signal to everyone that chick flicks have well and truly arrived . "  The Screening Room " caught up with Bruckheimer to ask him about the growing power of the female cinema audience , taking risks and his ability to spot movie gold . TSR : You 're thought of as the Hollywood action king . Do you think the fact that you 're moving into chick flicks with "  Confessions of a Shopaholic " is a sign that Hollywood is taking the female audience more seriously ? Jerry Bruckheimer : I think we 've always taken the female audience very seriously , but with the success of "  Sex and the City " and a number of other movies ... we know that there 's a big female audience out there , we just need to figure out the films that they really want to go see . Which is hard , you do n't really know . Hopefully , they 'd want to go and see "  Confessions of a Shopaholic . " Watch Jerry Bruckheimer , director P.J. Hogan and star Isla Fisher talk about "  Confessions of a Shopaholic " TSR : How do you know that a film is going to be a hit ? With films like , "  Pirates of the Caribbean " and "  Top Gun " you resurrected genres that were dead . Is it instinct or experience ? JB : I think it 's just films that I really want to go and see . I really do n't know what 's going to make a picture successful . I know what a good drama is , and what good characters are , and that you should populate your film with good characters . It 's all about what audiences will be captivated by . I really do n't know . I just know what I like . TSR : You 're one of the most successful producers in Hollywood . What does it take to be a great producer ? JB : I love movies and I love making movies . It 's not about the money , it 's about can you make a good film ? can you entertain an audience and do you have good taste in casting and are you a good storyteller ? It 's all about story-telling . The better the story , the more popular the characters , the bigger your chance is of having a successful film . TSR : And how about taking risks ? Do you need to take risks ? JB : Well , I do take enormous risks . Making a pirate movie and movies like "  Top Gun , " and "  Beverly Hills Cop " with African-American actors in it when that was n't in vogue . You know , I do it everyday . TSR : How does it affect you ? JB : When they are a success , it makes you feel good . But not all films can be successes , so you 've to roll with the punches and just get back up and start all over again . TSR : How has the current economic crisis affected your work ? JB : Well , it affects everybody . You know , budgets are tighter and stocks are down a lot for companies . But box-office fortunately for the movie business has been up . Advertisers are n't spending as much on TV , which is not good for television products , but movies are still cheap entertainment . When people ca n't go away and take vacations , they always can spend a few bucks and go to a movie . TSR : Remakes of 1980s films seem to be becoming more popular -- especially horror remakes . Any thoughts on remaking some of your old films from that era like , maybe , "  Top Gun " ? JB : Not yet , but you never know . I mean "  Top Gun " was one that was a one-off it 's hard to remake that or make it a different way . TSR : Do you think long-form TV , shows like "  The Sopranos " or "  The Wire " with hour-long episodes and high production values have stolen audiences from the movies ? JB : Not at all . I think people still want to get out of their house . I mean you have a kitchen in your house I assume and you do go out to eat , right ? It 's the same thing . We have TVs in our homes and we watch television and we go on computers and if there 's something we want to see -LSB- at the movies -RSB- we are still going to go out because it 's an experience . TSR : And finally , I have to ask you , are there any plans with Johnny Depp to make another "  Pirates of the Caribbean " ? JB : Yeah , we are talking about making another one . We have Johnny certainly interested and we have him interested in another one of our projects called "  The Lone Ranger " so that 's two films that we hope to make with him .	Hollywood uber-producer Jerry Bruckheimer is famous for his ability to predict hits He 's the man behind the wildly successful "  Pirates of the Caribbean " franchise The king of action is now moving into chick flicks with "  Confessions of a Shopaholic " He opens up about newly powerful female audiences and spotting movie gold
SEOUL , South Korea  CNN  -- Former U.S. President Bill Clinton on Tuesday urged urban leaders and policymakers they need to take the lead now in fighting climate change . Bill Clinton to urban leaders in Seoul : What will you do about climate change ? "  What are you going to do and how much are you going to spend ? " Clinton asked leaders from the world 's biggest cities at a climate summit being held in South Korea 's capital , Seoul . Officials from the world 's 40 biggest cities plus 17 affiliate municipalities are attending the C40 Large Cities Climate Summit , which ends on Thursday . Waiting for nations to take the lead with a new climate protocol in Copenhagen in December is not an option , said David Miller , mayor of Toronto and chairman of the C40 Cities Leadership Group . "  If governments talk about reducing CO2  carbon dioxide  , cities are the ones that show how it 's done , " Miller said . "  The point is that cities act , and working together we have a scale and a size that we dramatically increase people 's ability to fight climate change . "  The challenge for national governments is that while they can sometimes reach agreement they do n't know how to act collectively , " Miller continued . "  For cities , that 's easier . We all have climate strategies , but can make our actions work better and make the partnerships to do that . " The Seoul summit is the third conference by cities held to discuss responses to climate change . The C40 group was established in London in 2005 . A second summit was held in New York in 2007 . Watch efforts to make New York 's Empire State Building more eco-friendly " Much of the talk at this week 's conference was how major urban centers could work toward adhering to the Kyoto Protocol , the existing environmental treaty that sets targets for nations to reduce greenhouse gas concentrations . Adopted in December 1997 , the Kyoto Protocol entered into force in February 2005 . In countries that did not sign up to the Kyoto agreement , cities took it upon themselves to reduce their carbon footprint . While the United States did not sign Kyoto , 825 U.S. cities and towns signed up to a climate protection agreement that embraced that protocol 's goals . Some nations that signed Kyoto have set more ambitious environmental targets . Copenhagen , for example , aims to be the world 's first carbon neutral capital by 2025 . Toronto , like other cities , will be sending a city delegation to Copenhagen for the U.N. summit in December . There to lobby governments and for a parallel cities summit , Miller hopes that the actions that cities are taking now , and the partnership that he expects to be made while in Seoul this week , will serve as examples that the carbon reduction goals can be reached . "  Copenhagen is very important for all countries to agree , because we are losing the battle . Cities will be there and we 're going to be very active . We 'll have credibility because we are actually doing things . We 'll be able to say to governments that they need to engage , empower and resource cities so we can accomplish the goals . " How to actually reduce CO2 emissions is the purpose of the Seoul summit , Clinton reminded delegates . Representing around 600 million people worldwide , mayors and policymakers in Seoul have the ability to make a difference with climate change policies , the former U.S. president added . If the methods of reducing a city 's carbon footprint are known there is still the question of the means , which vary wildly between the first world urban areas such as Seoul , London and Toronto , and other attendees from cities in the developing world , such as Ho Chi Minh City , Vietnam and Lagos , Nigeria . Miller believes that providing good examples of effective climate change policies and grasping the opportunity for cities to take the lead in planning for a low-carbon future should not be missed . He highlighted Toronto 's own "  tower renewal " project , retrofitting buildings in a run-down area of town that he hopes will be an example of a carbon-neutral urban renewal project that can be applicable elsewhere . New building projects in two areas of London and the creation of a new city in central Florida -- Destiny -- were among 16 projects announced at the summit as climate-positive initiatives and supported by the Clinton Climate Initiative . Once built , these projects will absorb more CO2 than they use , supporters claimed . Seoul Mayor Oh Se-hoon introduced the South Korean capital 's ambitious environmental plans , including building a vast path of park land bisecting the capital . Delegates cited practical challenges they are facing . The spread of the H1N1 virus had crippled Mexico City 's economy by scaring off tourists , officials from that city said at the summit . Without money , they said , even the most promising environmental plans can struggle . Luis Castaneda Lossio , the mayor of Lima , Peru , highlighted the initiatives his city is trying to pursue . Compared to Seoul 's thousands of acres of parkland , he admitted they had struggled to plant 150 trees in the traffic-clogged city . "  Solidarity is essential ! " Lossio said with verve as a final remark during his address on making Lima a low-carbon city . It was a sentiment echoed by Miller , who highlighted the opportunities for cities such as Toronto to take a lead during the global economic recession . "  I 've always believed in activist governments . The private sector is in retreat . The green agenda is a way to restart the economy by doing the right thing . If there are ways for the governments to create incentives , like grants for solar power , then you can kick-start the economy on the right path , but cities and government importantly have to do that now . We have a great opportunity . "	Summit of world 's largest cities meeting in Seoul to discuss climate change Ex-U.S. President Clinton says cities must take lead with green policies Initiative by cities began in 2005 in London U.N. to hold climate conference at end of year in Denmark
CNN  -- The last of Bernie Madoff 's ill-gotten gains that remain in the hands of the U.S. Marshals Service will go on the auction block next week , authorities said Friday . A diamond watch , platinum diamond rings and artwork belonging to Madoff and his wife , Ruth , will be up for grabs on June 4 , the Marshals Service said . Proceeds from the auction will go into a U.S. Department of Justice fund and be used to compensate the victims of Madoff 's Ponzi scheme , described by authorities as the largest in history . He cheated thousands of people out of billions of dollars . Auctioneers in Miami will sell off 276 lots of property taken from the Madoff residences in New York and Palm Beach , Florida , the Marshals Service said . The auction will also be simulcast online , authorities said . Madoff was known as an aficionado of fine watches , and the auction will include a men 's Audemars Piguet watch with a diamond dial . Other items will include an English rosewood apothecary ; a carved wood bull sculpture ; and a John Wootton oil painting , authorities said . The auctioneers are also putting 262 bottles of fine wine and liquor on the block , though some of the alcohol is more valued because of the scandalous background of its owner . "  As artifacts of history they are unique , which is why we have chosen to offer all of the bottles seized , including those which normally would n't pass muster and make it into our auction , " Morrel Wine Auctions said in a news release . "  Some of the bottles are better viewed as conversation pieces rather than valued for their contents , but conversation pieces they are . " To date , about $ 23 million in property sales and $ 80 million in cash assets from the Madoffs have been recovered , the Marshals Service said . Madoff 's scheme fell apart with his arrest in December 2008 , and he pleaded guilty in federal court in New York in March 2009 to multiple federal counts of running the largest , longest-running Ponzi scheme ever . He was sentenced to 150 years in prison and is serving time at a federal facility in Butner , North Carolina .	Bernard Madoff was convicted of running the largest Ponzi scheme in history He cheated thousands of victims out of billions of dollars The U.S. Marshals Service is auctioning his belongings to compensate those swindled
CNN  -- Two years ago , the signs were clear . My mother , with Alzheimer 's , heart failure , and kidney failure , was not going to live long . My brothers and I took time off work for medical appointments and hospice care . I worried about her comfort , about how my dad would cope and how the grandkids would feel . But I never had to worry about one thing : my job . I knew I could take family leave without being fired . My workplace has generous leave policies . And thanks to the Family and Medical Leave Act  FMLA  -- enacted 20 years ago this week -- I had a legal right to job-protected leave . The FMLA has been used more than 100 million times by women and men to care for parents , children and spouses with serious illnesses , to bond with new children and to manage their own serious health conditions . But millions of other workers are not so lucky . The FMLA , which grants job protection for up to three months of leave , applies only to enterprises with 50 or more employees . Eligibility requirements exclude many workers . In other words , close to half of the American workforce has no FMLA protection . Even among eligible workers , many can not afford to take family or medical leave . This law guarantees only unpaid leave . Only about 12 % of the work force has access to paid family leave through employers . As a result , many workers have to choose between a paycheck and their family 's well being . Beyond that , work-family policies have not kept up with the dramatic changes that the U.S. work force has experienced over the past few decades , particularly with regard to women . The labor force participation rate for mothers of young children stood at 70.6 % in 2011 , compared with 47 % in 1975 . Men , though still doing less family caregiving than women , are taking greater responsibility for it than before . The proportion of men caring for relatives with Alzheimer 's or dementia , for example , doubled -- from 19 % to 40 % -- from 1996 to 2009 . As the FMLA turns 20 , it is time to bring it up to date for today 's work force . This includes expanding coverage and establishing family and medical leave insurance to make leave affordable . Studies from other countries have found that paid family and medical leave programs boost productivity . One study of 19 developed countries found that paid parental leave had a significantly greater positive effect on productivity than unpaid leave . The study also said that instituting paid leave in countries  such as the U.S.  without it could increase productivity . Paid leave helps retain employees and avoid turnover costs . One study found that 94 % of leave-takers who received full pay returned to the same employer , compared with 76 % of those with no pay . Paid family leave is associated with better health and lower health care costs . A 2010 study found that the United States could prevent nearly 900 infant deaths and save $ 13 billion per year if 90 % of mothers breastfed exclusively for six months . But only 47 % of U.S. babies are breastfed at all at 6 months , and only 16 percent exclusively . Paid family leave has been shown to dramatically increase breastfeeding , such as in California , where the introduction of paid family leave doubled the median duration of breastfeeding for new mothers who used it . The bottom line is that paid family and medical leave pays off . It increases productivity , reduces turnover costs , and results in health care savings . The only two states with family leave insurance programs -- California and New Jersey -- are showing positive outcomes , and proving that such insurance programs are affordable . The vast majority of California businesses included in a 2011 survey said that the program had a positive effect or no noticeable effect on productivity , profitability , turnover , and employee morale . Both New Jersey and California finance their programs exclusively through small payroll deductions for workers  with no employer contribution  , and offer six weeks of partially paid leave . In New Jersey , workers pay .001 % of the taxable wage base  maxing out at $ 30.90 for 2013  , and can get up to $ 584 per week during leave . The days before my mother 's death were peaceful and positive . I had the privilege of being with my family for this graceful end , and peace of mind from knowing my job was secure . Enhancing U.S. law to give all workers this kind of security would benefit not just workers , but businesses and the economy as a whole . The opinions expressed by this commentary are solely those of Janet Walsh	Family and Medical Leave Act let Janet Walsh keep job while taking time off to care for mom Act is 20 years old this week , a boon , but has n't kept up with changing workplace she says She says about 50 % workers eligible for Act . And many ca n't afford to take unpaid time off Walsh : Family leave insurance , for paid leave , has been shown to increase productivity
CNN  -- Financial transactions have always been at the heart of our society , but growing smartphone and Internet penetration are inspiring new , disruptive approaches . What we are witnessing is nothing less than a complete reappraisal of the fundamental principles that underpin business -- and that are set to transform the future . Here are five ways money will change in the future . The four ` P ' economic model Seismic events , including technological innovation , lead to radical behavior shifts -- but our belief systems are just as influential . At present , we are witnessing a "  me culture " shifting towards a "  we " mindset of collaboration -- exemplified by micro banking and crowd funding -- with mobile technology being the great enabler . This has impacted commercial structures across the world and leaders now look to new economic models , motivated not only by P for profit , but also P for People , Planet and Purpose ; welcome to a reality where a 4P bottom line will become the norm . New alternative currencies Exponential growth in technologies is inspiring disruptive business models in most sectors , and finance is no exception . Already challenged by declining trust , traditional "  bricks and mortar " monetary institutions are now joined by a new wave of alternative and open-source ways of managing money . The Bitcoin is an example of digital technology in action -- a global , decentralized currency without physical borders , national sovereignty or middlemen -- and similar P2P  person to person  models will undoubtedly increase in the future . Equally interesting is the rise of local currencies , such as the Brixton and Bristol pounds in the UK , created to encourage trade and strengthen both local community and economy -- both operate largely via mobile . Financial evolution and social mobility Trading methods for goods and services are constantly evolving -- from gold to coins to paper to credit cards and now mobile-enabled transactions . Within western economies , uptake of mobile payment technology has been slow , in part because of consumer trust on security/fraud issues , but also barriers to entry in this market . Inspiration on where the future is unfolding is to be found in Africa -- where a substantial unbanked population and a growing mobile youth present enormous potential for financial services innovation and financial inclusion . In several African countries , mobile payments have replaced credit cards and mobile services like Esoko now operates in over 15 nations to convey market data and ensure fair commodity trading among farmers . Now the undisputed leader in mobile money , Africa accounted for 15 of the top 20 countries globally in 2013 , but in India this trend is quickening with MoneyOnMobile and Easypaisa gaining market influence . Seven ways mobile phones have changed lives in Africa Collaborative networks and the global brain Today 's mobile networks are like neurons in a massive global brain , which will continue to connect us while chipping away at the power base of conventional financial institutions . Smartphone technologies are also major empowerment tools for two of the 4Ps -- People and Planet . Beyond digital platforms for the transfer of money , goods and services , smartphones are an enabler of education , information , work , health , social participation and more sustainable solutions . It has been predicted , by Ericsson in 2009 , that as many as 50 billion devices will be connected to The Internet of Things by 2020 . In effect , this "  global brain " has potential to become a platform for navigating a better life across classes and conventional geographical borders . In Asia , the momentum of innovation is inspiring radical new solutions to drive inclusiveness and , ultimately , economic growth . Last year , Seoul became the world 's first official sharing economy and , with 60 % of South Koreans owning a smartphone , the city government is championing mobile-enabled collaborations involving everything from startup support to workspace sharing . The best deals in tech Transparent financial ecosystem Blurring of online and offline commerce has seen a greater demand for seamlessness , causing most sectors to adopt new multiple channels for financial transactions in order to stay competitive . We are also witnessing "  betapreneurship " -- in which products or services are tested and developed through interaction with customers -- emerging across the business spectrum , and this is in line with 4P thinking and enhanced by mobile platforms . A new generation of global citizens that wants easy , barrier-free access to money is pioneering and supporting these commerce models . But support is not restricted to Millennials . Edelman found that 84 % of people believe business can pursue both its own interests and that of society . The networked society offers transparency and , when everyone and everything that can benefit is connected to the Internet , business must evolve to match a new global mindset . In short , mobile money may become our springboard to achieving a more inclusive and equitable society . ` Funny money ' has officially entered the real world The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Anne Lise Kjaer .	A new generation of global citizens wants easy , barrier-free access to money , Anne Lise Kjaer writes Kjaer argues inspiration on a mobile money future can be found in Africa Mobile money may become our springboard to achieving a more inclusive and equitable society , she says
The United States and the Soviet Union defined the world 's first space race , but following South Korea 's successful orbital rocket launch this week , it appears Asia -- particularly North Asia -- is the world 's new epicenter for space rivalries in the 21st century . "  In some sense we are already there , " says Daniel Pinkston , North East Asia Deputy Project Director for International Crisis Group in Seoul , South Korea . "  The Chinese have been very active ...  also  Japan , North and South Korea . It 's quite a competitive atmosphere . " The race will only ratchet up later this year . In the second half of 2013 , China will shoot for the moon with the aim of landing a rover vehicle on its surface ; building on exploration milestones in 2003 and 2012 with the first man , then woman , in space . India plans to send an unmanned probe into Mars orbit this November . Last July , Japan 's government set up the country 's first-ever Cabinet-level office for space strategy to oversee the country 's space policy and related budget . And on December 12 last year , North Korea joined the space club -- ahead of more technologically advanced South Korea -- with the successful launch of an Unha-3 rocket that placed an Earth observation satellite into orbit . It was a controversial first for the poverty-stricken nation , yet the country has vowed more launches . South Korea 's own successful rocket launch makes it the fifth Asian country -- and just the 13th nation in the world -- to break the bonds of Earth . Space race as proxy for arms race ? However , many see the space race as a proxy for a regional arms race . "  Many people will say that everybody is already running -- that it 's already on , " says Pinkston . "  That said it 's all relative . " "  It could be much worse . If you look at the percentage of GDP that 's allocated militarily it could be much higher . For Japan , it 's stayed under 1 % of GDP . South Korea 's is about 2.5 % . North  Korea  spends a lot , but there 's no official number out . It 's secret and difficult to ascertain . " South Korea 's launch of the Naro-3 -- and its 800-kilometer range -- could add to regional tension . If used to propel a ballistic missile , it could reach most of East Asia . And with South Korea a strong Asian ally of the United States , other regional competitors may be rattled . "  China 's main concern is that South Korea will be  used as  one of the  United States '  first containment strategies , " says Cheong Wooksik , Director of South Korea 's Peace Network in Seoul . "  South Korea 's extension of the range of its ballistic missiles will be used to check or contain the rise of China . " A South Korean ballistic missile can now hit most of China 's main eastern seaboard cities including the financial hub of Shanghai , the northeastern port cities of Tianjin and Qingdao as well as the Chinese capital of Beijing . From apprehension to anger Seoul 's successful launch may be viewed with apprehension if not outright anger by its regional neighbors . "  North Korea will strongly condemn South Korea 's launch , " says Cheong of Peace Network , but adds that Pyongyang does not feel the international community would condemn South Korea 's launch . "  North Korea will ask ` Why does the international community differentiate  between the launches of the two countries  ' . It will consider that the world is applying a double standard , " says Cheong . On January 22 , the United Nations Security Council unanimously adopted a resolution condemning North Korea 's rocket launch from December and expanded existing U.N. sanctions . With China , analysts believe the country 's official response to South Korea 's launch will be more muted but that North Korea will pressure Beijing to bend to its own line . "  North Korea will try to exploit the South 's launch as hypocritical so they will pressure China to take that position ... to share that view that this is an example of the hypocrisy and inequality of  this month 's  U.N. Security Council Resolution 2087 , " says Pinkston . China was a signatory to that resolution , as was Japan . "  I do n't think they  Japan  will say anything in that the South Korean program has been transparent , " adds Pinkston . "  They 've conducted themselves in a way that 's non-threatening . South Korea does not have a nuclear weapons program . It has signed all the non-proliferation treaties . " But Cheong of South Korea 's Peace Network disagrees . "  I do n't think Japan will welcome  the  South Korean launch , " he says . "  South Korea and Japan have many issues including  a maritime  territorial dispute . Japan 's fundamental concern is that South Korea becomes stronger and stronger . South Korea 's launch may , at least in small part , spur Japan 's rearmament . " ` Fully competitive ' Looking to the future , the historical lack of cooperation between Asia 's orbit-reaching nations alludes more to competition than camaraderie . "  There 's been some cooperation ... I know Japan has launched one satellite at least for South Korea , " says Pinkston . "  But in most other areas , science exploration , remote sensing , manned spacecraft ... it 's limited . " "  If you look on a continuum of ` full cooperation ' to ` fully competitive ' it 's more leaning towards competitive . "	` Asia already in space race in some sense ' , says ICG 's Daniel Pinkston China , India have moon and Mars ambitions in 2013 Space race is proxy for arms race but ` could be worse ' , says Pinkston South Korea rocket launch will not be condemned , says Peace Institute 's Cheong
CNN  -- It 's not easy being a parent at the best of times - let alone when you 're the father of a brooding Kryptonian . But Russell Crowe steps up to the challenge in the latest incarnation of Superman , fathering the "  Man of Steel " played by Englishman Henry Cavill . And if some viewers happen to notice a particularly convincing on-screen tenderness between the two actors , it could well be because of chance encounter over a decade ago . It was in 2000 while filming the hostage thriller Proof of Life at the Stowe School in Buckinghamshire that Crowe , a lifelong rugby fan , spotted a young talent on the school pitch . "  There was a rugby match being played in the background and there was one kid on that field who was quite dominant and fluid and so he caught my eye . And in between shots that kid came over and talked to me but all his questions were about acting . " Watch : Crowe and Cavill at the London premiere of Man of Steel The 16 year-old in shorts was none other than Henry Cavill , who until then had only played parts in school productions . Cavill remembers , "  I walked up to him , stuck my hand out and said ` Hi my name 's Henry , I am considering becoming an actor , any tips ? What 's it like ? " and he said "  well you know the pay is great but sometimes they do n't treat you so good - and I 'm paraphrasing ! " This brief meeting left a lasting impression with the Gladiator star , even once he had returned home to the other side of the world . "  I figured the greatest thing you could get when you 're in boarding school or something is unexpected mail " explains Crowe , who sent a box over to the young fan a couple of days later . "  I received an Aussie rugby jersey , " Cavill remembers , "  some Aussie sweets , some Vegemite , a band CD and a picture of him in Gladiator saying ` Dear Henry , a journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step . Russell . " Caped crusaders on patrol - meet the real life superheroes Nobody could have predicted that the journey would lead to the $ 250 million Superman reboot Man of Steel , least of all Russell Crowe , who struggled to recognise his co-star : "  Twelve years later I 'm in a gym in Naperville , Illinois and I 'm working out with my son in this movie that I 'm doing , he 's on the other side of the gym and I knew I knew him from somewhere , I just did n't know - I could n't place him . " Crowe notes that after a workout he asked Cavill "  do I know you ? " Cavill smiled and after and after several months was still reluctant to reveal all . Read more : Man of Steel at the box office "  I did n't want walk up to him and put him in that embarrassing situation where he has to lie to me like ` Hi , remember me ? The kid from 12 years ago , the one kid you met during the shoot one day ' I just assumed he would n't . " But , Crowe did remember : "  He said ` do you remember a kid that came and talked to you ? ' I went yeah , he goes and he talked to you about acting ? ' I said yes I do remember that , what did I say ? And he said ` well they pay you pretty well but they treat you like s *** and I said yes Henry I did say that , good to see you ! So it 's an amazing little karmic circle . " "  We had a good laugh about it " recalls Cavill . "  It 's one of those moments in life where you think what are the chances ? "	Russell Crowe and Henry Cavill 's paths first crossed when Crowe was filming scenes for Proof of Life at Cavill 's boarding school . Cavill , who had been in school productions , sought acting advice and questioned Crowe . Crowe remembered the schoolboy and sent him a parcel , which included signed photograph . Years later their paths crossed again in a gym , and then eventually as co-stars in the latest Superman film .
CNN  -- At my heaviest , I weighed 385 pounds . I never dared to dream I could run anywhere , never mind finish a half marathon . Yet on April 27 , 2013 , I weighed 219 pounds . At 3:30 a.m. , I ate breakfast , hydrated , laced up my shoes and headed to Centennial Park in Nashville , because I was running the St. Jude Country Music Half Marathon . It had taken a village to get me to this day . This run was for Darbi , my best friend since college and her partner Anje , the two people that have taught me about the best me I can be . It was for Team Rio , the running group that became like family to me . It was for April , my CNN Fit Nation trainer . The 13.1 miles I was about to run were n't about the race itself , but about everything -- and everyone -- it took to get me there . Behind the scenes : Training for a triathlon Anje is the biggest reason I 've been able to lose more than 150 pounds . She became my trainer last June , then became one my biggest inspirations . In November 2012 Anje was diagnosed with uterine cancer . She and I had been working on getting me to my goal weight , which is how we decided to run a 5k and a half marathon in 2013 . The plan was to do them together . I will never forget how scared I was , the anger I felt or the tears I cried , the day I heard her say , "  I have cancer . " With a cancer diagnosis , Anje and Darbi should 've been thinking about anything except me , but that 's not the kind of hearts they have . Both were worried about how this was going to affect the plans Anje and I had made . So Darbi stepped in with her "  I got this " swagger and picked up where Anje was forced leave off . I still wonder how she did it sometimes . She would work out with me , work endlessly , go to all of Anje 's doctor appointments and take care of everything at home . I know she was terrified , but never once did she complain . She 's a true testament to the human spirit . Anje 's doctor decided she needed a complete hysterectomy , with possible radiation and/or chemo to follow , depending on what the surgery uncovered . Surgery was set for December 26 . While Anje was in surgery , I was in the waiting room with Darbi . Believe it or not , that was the same day I did my first phone interview for CNN Fit Nation . When Anje woke up from surgery , the first thing she said to me was , "  Did you talk to CNN ? " I was now training for two races . Johanna , my Team Rio running coach , made sure April got my full running training plan . April then built the half training into my triathlon training . Some days it was a bit overwhelming , but I was the one who wanted this . I knew what I had to do , so I stuck to the plan and kept running . While I was training , Anje was undergoing five weeks of radiation therapy . On April 13 , I had my first true "  runner 's high . " I had 12 miles to run , my longest distance before the half . The group was small that day so one of the coaches decided to run with me . We like to talk so we kept the pace conversational . Out of that run came a favorite phrase of mine : "  What 's the bigger beach ? " You do n't need the story behind it to understand what it means . It 's asking whether you 'll go for instant gratification or plan , sacrifice and work on the best possible outcome for the long run . I finished the run so inspired , feeling as if I could run another 12 miles . Get fit and others will follow On April 27 , just two days before Anje 's final radiation treatment , Darbi , Anje and I ran across the finish line of the St. Jude Country Music Half Marathon hand-in-hand . We were freezing and completely soaked from the rain . All I could do was cry as they both wrapped their arms around me jumping and screaming , "  You did it ! " No , I did n't do it , I thought . WE did it ! When I placed that half marathon medal around my neck , I knew it had all been worth it . I had made it to the "  bigger beach . " Every time I see the medal now , I see the village it took to earn it . Most importantly , when I see the medal , I see me living . Follow Miller on Twitter @TriHardAnnette .	Annette Miller has lost more than 150 pounds ; she now weighs 219 Miller 's trainer was diagnosed with uterine cancer in November Miller and her two best friends ran the St. Jude Country Music Half Marathon
Washington  CNN  -- In rare bipartisan accord , normally quarrelsome U.S. lawmakers passed a measure designed to end budget-related air traffic controller furloughs blamed for widespread flight delays . The House of Representatives approved the legislation , capping a major congressional initiative as delays snarled traffic at airports . The House vote comes a day after unanimous approval by the U.S. Senate . The measure -- which is expected to be signed into law by President Obama -- gives the Transportation Department budget planners new flexibility for dealing with forced spending cuts . It would also allow authorities to protect 149 control towers at small - and medium-sized airports that are slated for closure for budgetary reasons . "  Good news for America 's traveling public , " White House spokesman Jay Carney said a day before the House vote . "  But ultimately , this is no more than a temporary Band-Aid that fails to address the overarching threat to our economy posed by the sequester 's mindless across the board cuts . " Furloughs affecting some 15,000 Federal Aviation Administration air traffic controllers began this week with the agency saying it had no flexibility to avert them without action by Congress . Under the sweeping austerity triggered by congressional inaction on deficit reduction , the FAA was required to cut $ 600 million from its budget . The furloughs have delayed more than 3,000 flights since Sunday , according to FAA tallies . By comparison , there were more than 4,400 delays due to weather and other factors , the agency said . Controller furloughs and the planned closure of towers that are privately run but overseen by federal aviation regulators have become political flash points in the partisan-fueled debate over spending in Washington . They have been highlighted by many to illustrate a clear nationwide consequence of the $ 85 billion in government-wide cuts that took effect in March and may otherwise not be apparent to the public . Vocal and politically powerful aviation interests have argued that the budget cuts affecting their industry would hurt business , travelers and cost jobs . More than 600 million people fly U.S. airlines each year , figures show . During the furloughs , controllers have been spacing planes farther apart at key centers so they can manage traffic with current staffing , the FAA said . Maine Republican Sen. Susan Collins said she worried that continued FAA furloughs could jeopardize jobs throughout the travel and hospitality industry . Earlier this spring , Congress approved a stop-gap budget law that would , among other things , ease budget cuts for the departments of Agriculture , Commerce , Defense , Homeland Security , Justice , and Veterans Affairs . The deal moved quickly through the Senate . "  Something rare has happened in Washington ; the Senate came together on a bipartisan basis to put common sense before politics , " Republican Sen. Jerry Moran of Kansas said Thursday . CNN 's Mike Ahlers , Jim Acosta , Dana Bash and Kevin Liptak and CNNMoney 's Jennifer Liberto contributed to this report	NEW : President Obama expected to sign bill after House passage Furloughs affected 15,000 flight controllers due to forced , government-wide spending cuts Controller staffing shortages began this week , affecting airline flights The bipartisan Senate plan would give transportation planners new budget flexibility
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- Jury selection is set to start Monday in a trial pitting two children of Martin Luther King Jr. against their brother , whom they accuse of mishandling the late civil rights leader 's estate . Bernice King and her brother Martin Luther King III say Dexter King took funds from their father 's estate . Bernice King and Martin Luther King III sued their brother Dexter King in July 2008 , one month after accusing him of converting "  substantial funds from the estate 's financial account at Bank of America " for his own use , according to the lawsuit . Also named as a defendant is the Martin Luther King Jr. estate , which is incorporated . Dexter King is the corporation 's president and chief executive , in addition to being the estate 's administrator . The three are the only shareholders in the corporation , and the plaintiffs hold at least 20 percent of its outstanding shares . The lawsuit contends Dexter King illegally and fraudulently converted estate funds and should be forced to repay the money and reimburse the plaintiffs ' legal costs . The document , which lists five counts , does not say how much he is accused of taking . Dexter King has denied the accusations . The lawsuit reveals a very public fissure in an iconic family that has always professed unity , particularly as questions have swirled around some of their financial dealings . The three are the only surviving children of Martin Luther King Jr. , who was assassinated in 1968 , and Coretta Scott King , who died in 2006 . Their oldest child , Yolanda King , died in 2007 . Bernice King administers her mother 's estate . In a countersuit , Dexter King has asked a judge to force Bernice King to turn over their mother 's personal papers , including love letters central to a now-defunct $ 1.4 million book deal . Martin Luther King III and Bernice King complained that Dexter King refused to hold shareholders meetings , which they said was another example of his lack of transparency in handling their father 's estate . There had been no shareholders ' meeting of the corporation since 2004 , something that Dexter King blamed on the distraction caused by the deaths of his mother and sister . Judge Ural D. Glanville ordered a meeting , which was held last week . In a hearing held in late September , Glanville , who will preside over the trial in Fulton County Superior Court , also expressed serious concern about governance of the King estate . The judge issued an order saying "  the court is extremely troubled . " He noted that Dexter King , as the majority shareholder , wields significant power in the corporation because he holds 80 percent of its shares . He alone can constitute a quorum for transacting business , the order says . The judge warned all three Kings that any failure to comply with the Georgia Corporation Code could result in the dissolution of the corporation and the appointment of a receiver .	Bernice King , Martin Luther King III accuse brother of taking estate funds for own use Dexter King , administrator of Martin Luther King Jr. estate , denies accusations Dexter King files countersuit , wants sister to turn over mother 's personal papers Judge 's order says "  the court is extremely troubled "
CNN  -- With home sales falling to five-year lows , homeowners desperate to sell their homes are looking for a little divine intervention . Retailers report statues of St. Joseph are selling briskly . Dawn Hoernemann of Minneapolis , Minnesota , had her one-bedroom home on the market for four months . Every weekend there was an open house . But there were no offers . That 's until she took her mom 's advice and buried a statue of St. Joseph upside down in her front yard . The next week , she had three offers and her home was sold . "  I could n't believe it . I do n't know what it is about it . It worked . It 's some sort of a miracle , " says Hoernemann . This "  miracle " has it roots in Catholicism . According to the tradition , burying St. Joseph began hundreds of years ago in Europe . St. Teresa of Avila , a nun in the 16th century , buried a medal of the saint and prayed to St. Joseph to help secure land for a convent . The ritual is said to have worked , and so the trend of burying St. Joseph has caught on . Just ask Phil Cates of Modesto , California . His online retail site , StJosephStatue.com , offers the "  Underground Real Estate Agent " home-selling kits . For $ 9.95 , the 4-inch statue comes with a burial bag and a burial instruction booklet . There 's even an 8-inch version of the statue for larger homes . Sales have increased 100 percent in the past two years , according to Cates . Robert Malhame , who runs Malhame & Co -- a Catholic supply company on Long Island , says sales of the St. Joseph Statue spiked last year . And he expects the trend to last . "  We 're probably going to sell over 100,000 this year , " he says . The biggest demand is coming from the Northeast and the Midwest , he says . Jan Wheelehan , the store manager at a Catholic retail supply store in St. Louis , Missouri , says the statues have been one of the better sellers , with sales increasing 25 percent this year . "  People seem more panicked and there is a hurried-ness to their expression when they come in , " she says . St. Joseph is even on the auction block . There are dozens of St. Joseph home-selling kits on Ebay . From glow in the dark St. Joseph statues to mini pocket shrines , St. Joseph has a whole new following . Burying St. Joseph statues has its own set of rules , too , although they can vary . Home sellers are instructed to dig a hole near the "  For Sale " sign . The hole should be three inches taller than the statue itself . The saint should then be facing the direction of the street . Then prayers to St. Joseph should be said before the saint is covered with dirt . Once the house is sold , St. Joseph should be dug up and put in a place of honor in the new home . Some renters have even cashed in on St. Joseph 's divine intervention in hopes of getting a break on rent or to have their application accepted . They buried St. Joseph statues in flowerpots . The statue 's feet should either be facing the street or in the direction you want to move , according to Cates . The whole statue-burying process was a bit hard to swallow for Joe Iannacone . His Dallas , Texas , home was on the market earlier this month . Iannacone first heard about the ritual from his godfather . "  I looked on the Web . It was less than $ 10 . So , I said why not ? " recalls Iannacone . Six hours later a young woman walked into the house and made a bid . "  I 'm not very religious , " says Iannacone . "  But that was pretty amazing . I was shocked . " St. Joseph may have made a believer out of some sellers , but for some real estate agents , selling a home is n't the work of a higher power . "  What a crock ! " says Connecticut real estate agent David D'Ausilio . "  As a Realtor I think it 's ridiculous . The business has always been simple . If a house is properly priced and properly exposed , it 'll attract buyers and it will sell -- St. Joseph or no St. Joseph . " Cates says the statue is more than just superstition . "  It 's the idea of getting beyond yourself . It 's about hoping and praying for something that is bigger than you are , " he says . And these days , maybe just a little hope for home sellers is n't such a bad thing . E-mail to a friend	With home sales falling , some sellers seek divine intervention Tradition says burying St. Joseph statues will help sell houses Sales of statues are brisk
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Medal of Honor recipient Dakota Meyer and defense contractor BAE announced Thursday an "  amicable " end to their dispute . Meyer filed a lawsuit in Texas in June claiming BAE , his former employer , had punished him for objecting to a weapons sale to Pakistan , and had prevented him from finding other work by portraying him as unstable and a problem drinker . The lawsuit against the company and his former supervisor has been dropped . "  BAE Systems OASYS and I have settled our differences amicably , " Meyer said in a joint statement issued by the company , referring to the company by its full name . Meyer praised the defense firm 's support for veterans and generosity to the Marine Corps Scholarship Foundation . There were no details of any possible monetary settlement . "  During my time there I became concerned about the possible sale of advanced thermal scopes to Pakistan . I expressed my concerns directly and respectfully , " Meyer said . "  I am gratified to learn that BAE Systems OASYS did not ultimately sell and does not intend to sell advanced thermal scopes to Pakistan . " The company faced the difficult task of a potentially drawn-out legal battle against an American hero . "  We are pleased that we reached closure in this matter , " the company said in its part of the joint statement . "  BAE Systems has the highest respect for Sgt. Dakota Meyer , who exemplifies the qualities that make the men and women of our armed services the best in the world , " the company said . "  We owe him and the many thousands of others who have served and sacrificed for our country our deepest thanks . " According to the lawsuit , Meyer had objected to the sale of high-tech equipment to Pakistan , which he characterized as "  giving to guys who are known to stab us in the back " and "  the same people who are killing our guys . " Meyer was working on thermal optic equipment for snipers and detection of roadside bombs . In his lawsuit he claimed that on-the-job bullying and intimidation began after his criticism of potential sales to Pakistan . President Barack Obama presented the Medal of Honor to Meyer , a former Marine Corps sergeant , in September . He was 21 and a corporal at the time of his heroic acts in Afghanistan in 2009 . "  The story of what Dakota did next will be told for generations , " Obama said , describing how Meyer returned again and again to the killing ground of a Taliban ambush , rescuing American and Afghan troops and retrieving the bodies of fallen comrades . "  You did your duty , above and beyond , and you kept the faith with the highest traditions of the Marine Corps that you love , " the president said .	Former Marine Sgt. Dakota Meyer was awarded the Medal of Honor in September He had sued a defense contractor that is also his former employer He said the company had punished him for objecting to a weapons sale to Pakistan Meyer and the company say the dispute has been resolved amicably
Tripoli , Libya  CNN  -- A retired Libyan general whose movement launched an assault on Islamist militias in Benghazi and demanded the suspension of parliament has called for a new council to take over the running of the country . Khalifa Haftar said Wednesday that the General National Congress , the interim parliament , had failed the people and that its mismanagement of the country had turned Libya into "  a state sponsor of terror ... and a hideout for terrorists . " He made his call for a new , civilian council to take its place during a televised news conference in Benghazi . On Sunday , armed men claiming allegiance to Haftar 's newly formed movement , known as the Libyan National Army , stormed parliament and announced they had suspended it . Haftar said Wednesday that since the parliament had refused to "  fulfill the demands of the people , " he was asking the Higher Judicial Council to appoint a civilian council to lead the country , in the interests of political stability and security . This council , he said , would have three main tasks : appointing a caretaker emergency government , overseeing the upcoming parliamentary elections and handing over power to the new parliament . The country 's electoral commission announced that elections would be held next month , the state news agency LANA reported Tuesday , in what seemed to be a move to try to ease tensions that drove Libya to the brink in recent days . Haftar said his forces would secure the country during the transitional period and after that . The declared goal of the LNA is to eradicate Islamist militants from Libya , including Ansar al-Sharia -- the group blamed for the September 11 , 2012 deadly attack on the U.S. consulate in Benghazi . Air force , navy chiefs back Haftar 's movement This week , Haftar 's so-called "  Operation Dignity , " which he has described as an open-ended war on terrorism in Libya , seemed to gain more support from military units , officials and armed groups across the country . Haftar 's men last week launched a land and air offensive against the Benghazi bases of Ansar al-Sharia and other Islamist groups with ties to the government in Tripoli . The resulting battle killed 75 people and wounded 141 more . The chiefs of staff of the Libyan Air Force and the navy have announced they are endorsing Operation Dignity . According to LANA , the headquarters of the chief of staff of the air force came under attack by unknown gunmen on Tuesday night , a short while after the announcement was made . There were no reported casualties in the attack , but damage was caused and offices looted and ransacked . On Wednesday morning , the navy chief survived an assassination attempt in Tripoli when a car with unknown assailants opened fire on his convoy . Gen. Hasan Abushnaq , his two guards and driver sustained minor injuries in the attack . Those who oppose Haftar , including the government and members of the General National Congress , have accused him of a "  coup attempt . " His call for a "  civilian " council to run the country appeared to be a response to these accusations , made amid much speculation about his political ambitions . Asked whether his movement was receiving support from Arab Gulf states or any other country , Haftar said they were depending only on "  God and the Libyan people . " Some see Haftar 's campaign as an opportunistic strategy capitalizing on Libyans ' growing discontent with a weak central government and the deteriorating security situation in the country . Haftar was once a general in the Libyan army under dictator Moammar Gadhafi but had a falling out with him and emigrated to the United States , where he lived for almost 20 years . He returned in 2011 to participate in the revolution to overthrow Gadhafi . He has since criticized the government for not getting a grip on violence , particularly from Islamist groups . Reflecting the continuing state of lawlessness and chaos , explosions and gunfire echoed across the capital in the early hours of Wednesday . Eyewitnesses said a number of rockets hit areas in southern and eastern Tripoli . However , it was not clear who was involved in the attacks or whether there were casualties in what appeared to be inter-militia fighting , something not uncommon in the city .	Retired Libyan general calls for new , civilian council to replace interim parliament Khalifa Haftar says interim parliament has turned Libya into "  a state sponsor of terror " Libya 's electoral commission said this week that elections would be held next month The self-declared Libyan National Army is seeking to eradicate Islamist militias from Libya
CNN  -- It was a foggy winter 's night on the remote Ballymany Stud Farm in Ireland when its head groom Jim Fitzgerald heard a knock at the door . What lurked outside was to spark one of the most extraordinary unsolved kidnappings of the 20th Century . Thirty years ago this week -- on February 8 , 1983 -- Fitzgerald was confronted by three masked gunmen . They had come for Shergar -- then the most valuable race horse in the world and the pride of a nation . "  Shergar was the best race horse in the world , owned by the richest man in the world . It was the most sensational sports story of all time , " racing commentator Derek Thompson told CNN . "  We were staggered . A horse kidnapped ? Nothing like this had ever happened before . " The retired champion race horse , owned by billionaire businessman the Aga Khan , was worth a staggering # 10 million  $ 16 million  -- around # 28 million  $ 44 million  by today 's standards . Were Shergar here today , he would be the ninth-most valuable athlete in the world , just ahead of Real Madrid 's prized footballer Cristiano Ronaldo on $ 42.5 million . The five-year-old breeding stallion , who had mated with 35 mares in his first season , was set to be worth millions in the coming years with owners paying up to # 80,000  $ 126,000  for his highly sought-after offspring . This , after all , was the champion colt who two years earlier annihilated the field at Britain 's prestigious Epsom Derby , winning by 10 lengths -- the biggest margin in the race 's 226-year history . For racing-mad Ireland , Shergar was the darling of a nation in turmoil during the darkest days of "  the Troubles , " with violence between nationalists and unionists in the north as they vied for political power . The bandits demanded # 2 million  $ 3 million  for Shergar and conspiracy theories abounded , with the New Orleans Mafia and the Libya 's Colonel Gaddafi linked to the thoroughbred 's kidnapping . But the most popular accused culprit remains the Irish Republican Army  IRA  , whom the Aga Khan and his syndicate of owners officially blamed for the kidnap , though authorities have never named a suspect . While the IRA , which has disbanded , took responsibility for a number of attacks over the years , it never claimed to have kidnapped Shergar . Back at Ballymany on that fateful night , the stallion with a distinctive white blaze on his face and four white "  socks " was loaded into a horse box never to be seen again . Father-of-six Fitzgerald was bundled into a car and driven around for hours before being dumped a few miles from home . He was warned not to call the police . Then a series of mismanaged calls ensured almost eight hours elapsed before police were alerted . Hampering their investigation was the clever timing of the kidnapping -- it was the day before Ireland 's major Goff 's racehorse sale and roads were filled with horse boxes identical to Shergar 's . The kidnappers demanded negotiations through three horse racing journalists at the time -- John Oaksey , Peter Campling , and then 32-year-old television presenter Thompson . "  We were taken to the Europa Hotel , whose claim to fame was that it was the most bombed hotel in Europe , " Thompson said . "  Do n't forget , this was 1983 at the height of the ` Troubles ' and Belfast was one of the most dangerous cities in the world . " At the hotel , which still had cracked windows from a previous bombing , Thompson got a call from the kidnappers telling him he was being watched from across the road . He was told to go to a deserted farmhouse 30 miles away for negotiations . There , Thompson said he received eight phone calls from the kidnappers over eight hours . Each call lasted around 60 seconds , but the police needed at least 90 seconds to trace the call . "  When the last call came at 1.30 a.m. I managed to keep him talking for one minute and 35 seconds , " Thompson said . "  I thought , ` That 's it , we 've got him , ' but the police told me ` Sorry Mr. Thompson , the man who does the tracing goes off duty at midnight . ' "  That was the best chance we had of catching them and it was gone . " Shergar was owned by a syndicate of 34 people , each with a share worth # 250,000  $ 394,000  . The syndicate refused to pay the ransom , fearing it would encourage other kidnappings . "  The following Monday we received a call saying the horse had had an accident and was dead . That was the last time we heard from them , " Thompson said . Thompson believes the IRA was responsible , pointing to evidence in former member Sean O'Callaghan 's 1999 autobiography "  The Informer . " "  Every time I took a call from the kidnapper I used a different code word -- the name of a famous race horse -- so I would know it was the same guy calling back , " Thompson said . "  But there was always one name I kept to myself , I never told anyone else , and when I read O'Callaghan 's book it was there . That really shook me to the core . " Jockey Walter Swinburn , who as a 19-year-old rode Shergar to that historic Epsom Derby win , said the kidnapping had a profound effect on tightening racing industry security . "  Shergar 's stable was very impressive but anybody could have walked into it , " he said . "  Today it 's more like a padded cell , they ca n't afford for the horse to get injured , with CCTV and a large number of grooms . " The thoroughbred has since been immortalized in Ascot 's annual Shergar Cup and the 1999 film "  Shergar " starring Mickey Rourke . Swinburn regrets that Shergar 's achievements on the track will always be overshadowed by his dramatic abduction . But the image of him pounding over the hill at Epsom , his seemingly tiny competitors trailing behind , lives on .	Thirty years after "  world 's greatest " race horse was stolen , his legend lives on Shergar was kidnapped from Northern Irish stud farm , but was never found The # 10 million stallion was owned by billionaire Islamic leader Aga Khan Irish Republican Army was widely accused of kidnapping but was never charged
CNN Student News  -- September 3 , 2014 We 're bringing you a lot of international news this Tuesday , covering an attack on terrorists in Somalia and an attack by terrorists in the Middle East . We take a look at NATO and what is meant by "  collective defense . " We 'll also tell you why President Obama is making a stop in Estonia , and we 'll examine some history and the potential future as it relates to Russia 's military . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript and a place for you to request to be on the CNN Student News Roll Call . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show . ROLL CALL For a chance to be mentioned on the next CNN Student News , comment on the bottom of this page with your school name , mascot , city and state . We will be selecting schools from the comments of the previous show . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call ! Thank you for using CNN Student News !	This page includes the show Transcript Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary At the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on CNN Student News . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call .
CNN  -- Summer is a great time to barbecue , hit the beach or get out and explore the town . But for gamers it 's often a huge disappointment , as the flow of new releases generally slows to a trickle . Mercifully , software publishers are beginning to wise up and use the slower months to issue an increasing number of promising but less high-profile releases that may otherwise have slipped beneath the radar . The following are among my top picks for the season -- sure to keep you happy while others fret about trivialities like fresh air and exercise . Xbox 360 owners can spare themselves the trouble of getting off the couch and download selections , like these three , from Xbox Live Arcade . Due out July 28 , Konami 's "  Castlevania : Harmony of Despair " is a classic , 2-D monster mash that combines elements of platform-hopping and adventure to atmospheric effect . "  Hydro Thunder Hurricane , " is a sequel to the blistering arcade speedboat racer that sees multiple wheelmen competing to cross the finish line . It even allows multiple players to tag-team the adventure . Completing a trifecta of notable , multiplayer-ready sequels , "  Tomb Raider " spin-off "  Lara Croft and the Guardian of Light "  PC and PlayStation Network versions are available , too .  also lets you explore , do battle and solve puzzles in the company of friends -- no sleepovers required . On the retail front , be sure to check out "  Madden NFL 11 " for PS2 , PS3 , PSP , Xbox 360 and Wii . The latest installment in the football franchise streamlines decision-making and play-calling , making for a faster , more engaging virtual gridiron experience . Spy thriller "  Alpha Protocol " will also satisfy PC , PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 fans ' inner Jack Bauer , combining exotic settings , in-depth character customization and detailed stat-crunching with atmospheric espionage . Sci-fi fans should also have a look at "  Transformers : War for Cybertron " on the PC and all major console platforms . It 's predictable , but delves deeper into the Autobots ' and Decepticons ' origins . Freeform blaster "  Crackdown 2 " for the Xbox 360 is sure to make you feel positively superhuman , too , leaping tall buildings and annihilating adversaries as a futuristic lawman . Golden age mob yarn "  Mafia II " for PC , PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 further makes an offer you ca n't refuse , offering open-ended adventures in the vein of underworld classics like "  Goodfellas . " Handheld gaming enthusiasts also have it good thanks to titles like "  Puzzle Quest 2 " for the Nintendo DS and DSi , which blends fantasy role-playing and casual mindbenders together in a surprisingly addictive medieval epic . Creepy DS first-person survival horror outing "  Dementium II " will additionally have you on the edge of your car or plane seat as well . While the PlayStation Portable 's lineup is noticeably more anemic , military-themed stealth action offering "  Metal Gear Solid : Peace Walker " successfully shoots to thrill . Demonic role-player "  Shin Megami Tensei : Persona 3 Portable " should be on every fan of Japanese imports ' list to boot . So , maybe summer ca n't compete with the holidays in terms of sheer volume of games . But never fear -- the gaming season is still bound to be hot .	"  Madden NFL 11 " streamlines decision-making for a faster virtual gridiron experience Handheld gaming enthusiasts have it good thanks to titles like "  Puzzle Quest 2 " Sci-fi fans should also have a look at "  Transformers : War for Cybertron " on the PC
CNN  -- Aiman Youssef ca n't catch a break with the weather . First , Superstorm Sandy leveled his home and devastated most of his neighborhood in the New York City borough of Staten Island . Now , an arctic blast that forecasters warn can have deadly consequences is gripping the region . A gas-powered heater and a tent was the only defense Youssef had late Thursday from the biting cold as he handed out jackets and sweaters at a makeshift supply depot he established to help his Midland Beach neighbors who , in some cases , are still struggling to get the power back on . "  A lot of people have been coming so we give them jackets , we give them sweaters , " he told CNN affiliate NY1 . "  Yeah , we are trying . We are trying our best to help them . " But even as he helped his neighbors , he wondered how long he could keep the heater running at the tent where some of his neighbors were seeking shelter . Gas , he said , is expensive . Exposure to subfreezing temperatures has left at least three people dead in Wisconsin , Minnesota and Illinois , according to authorities . The National Weather Service forecasters urged caution early Friday as they warned "  bitterly cold conditions " were expected to continue across much of the Midwest , Mid-Atlantic and Northeast into the weekend . Widespread light snow showers were expected across the upper Great Lakes region and across the Ohio Valley before moving later in the day across the eastern United States , according to the weather service . Forecasters at the National Weather Service predicted 1 to 4 inches of snow for areas in the Ohio Valley and Mid-Atlantic regions on Friday with the Carolinas and Tennessee Valley getting freezing rain beginning early in the morning . The snow was expected to move later in the day into the eastern United States . It was not good news in portions of New York and New Jersey , where homes destroyed by Superstorm Sandy in places such as Staten Island and Far Rockaway , Queens , lacked basic utilities needed to restore heat . With temperatures plummeting , warming centers were opened in New York , New Jersey , Pennsylvania and other areas , according to various emergency management officials . Schools shuttered , planes grounded Dozens of school systems in Tennessee and some in northern Georgia said they would be closed . Schools in Raleigh , North Carolina , will close early , a spokesman with Wake County schools said . "  We 're going to make sure we put a plan in place so that the buses are rolling while it 's still safe and the students are back home before weather becomes an issue , " he told CNN affiliate WRAL . Road crews in North Carolina began salting major and secondary roads on Thursday in an attempt to avoid the possible repeat of a January 19 , 2005 , storm that stranded thousands , including 3,000 Wake University students on campus . Cindy Mease ended up sleeping on the floor of her office after a failed attempt to try to get home in that storm . "  It was just a cluster . I mean , it was crazy out there , " she told CNN affiliate WRAL in Raleigh . "  Cars would  hit a hill , and people would just start sliding back down . " Travelers were already feeling the effects of the storm . A spokeswoman for Nashville International Airport said all inbound American Airlines flights for Thursday night and Friday morning were canceled . Though she had no official word from other carriers , Emily Richard said she anticipated they also would cancel flights . Caught in the snow The snow in Pennsylvania played a role in the apprehension of suspected armed robbers , according to authorities . Investigators in Moon Township , just outside of Pittsburgh , tracked the footprints of three people and arrested them in connection with the robbery of a taxi driver at gunpoint after tracking their footprints in the fresh snow on Wednesday , police told CNN affiliate KDKA . The footprints in the fresh snow , according to police , led from the scene of the robbery to the front door of one of the suspects . CNN 's Steve Almasy , Joe Sutton and Rachel Rodriguez contributed to this report .	The National Weather Service warns the bitter cold is expected to continue Forecasters predicted up to four inches of snow in the Ohio Valley and Mid-Atlantic Freezing rain is forecast for northern Georgia and portions of Tennessee and the Carolinas
CNN  -- While the educational prospects for poor children have improved in the 50 years since I was a young boy going to PS 99 in the South Bronx , our country continues to needlessly lose the talents of millions of children because of a failing , entrenched public education system . There are no shortages of great ideas in education , both small-scale and large-scale . There are some brilliant teachers and educators out there in the field . But we have not done much more than tinker at the edges of the system . For that reason , we have doomed massive numbers of children -- particularly those with the misfortune to be born poor -- to academic underachievement and having no real shot at the American dream of a comfortable middle-class life . I believe that when large numbers of children fail academically , it is the responsibility of the adults around that child . The schools in my neighborhood in the South Bronx were lousy in the 1960s , and they are by and large still lousy today . Why would n't they be ? They pretty much have not changed what they do . The kids are n't going to spontaneously get better by themselves . We , as a country , need to say "  enough is enough . " Anyone calling for reform is treated as a radical , but I think we simply need to let the science of education lead the way to real innovation and improvements . If the "  summer melt " sets back our students academically -- particularly those in poor neighborhoods with few good summer options -- let 's extend the school year . If we know for a fact that the first three years of a child 's life are incredibly important for a child 's later learning , let 's give up the idea that education starts in kindergarten and train new parents and work with 0-3 children as early as possible . If you really want to be branded as a radical , suggest that we provide better health care and other services for children . Watch Geoffrey Canada 's TED Talk Over the years , when I raised funds for health care for my kids , I would explain that kids with a toothache ca n't concentrate on classroom work or that a near-sighted kid without glasses may be classified as "  slow " when he just ca n't see the board . I point out that kids need a safe , enriching environment after school , too . And that sports and arts programs can help a child find a focus and self-discipline that helps their academics . As I 've gotten older , when people push back on that kind of reasoning for wrap-around services , I just tell them I want to do it for a simple reason : I like kids . Or I tell them I want to do it for the same reasons they do it for their kids . Taking care of children so they can succeed in school and life should be the floor , not the ceiling , of our expectations . The science of evaluation and assessment also needs to be better incorporated into schools ' standard operating procedure . We give students standardized tests in English and math , but schools get the results in July or August ; the students and teachers have moved on , and so nothing is done with all this incredibly valuable data that we have spent a fortune obtaining . Teachers need data about how the children are progressing in real time so they can target their efforts at where the children really are . We ca n't stifle innovation . Some promising approaches will fail , but that does n't mean we should give up trying . We need to keep pushing until we nail what works . Look at the world of technology : When the Palm Pilot crashed and burned , no one took that as a signal to stop creating handheld devices . As with any industry , research and development -- not to mention implementation -- takes money . But the cost of fixing our education system is a relative pittance . What have we spent in Afghanistan in the past year in the name of national security ? I would say that fixing our broken education system is similarly a matter of security for our country . The problems of the system are most obvious in poor communities , but the problems are everywhere : We are not preparing our children for a highly competitive global marketplace of high-skill jobs . We are still the world 's undisputed superpower . When the country cares about something , we spend the money . Americans need to wake up and see this for the widespread crisis it is . Join me in calling for a dramatic reform of our school system . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Geoffrey Canada .	Geoffrey Canada : Too little progress is being made in improving schools If summer break sets kids back , let 's try a longer school year , he says Give kids health care , early childhood education to make them better prepared , he says Canada : Schools need real-time data about student performance
CNN  The black-clad , masked British ISIS terrorist who has taken center stage in the group 's hostage videos appeared in a new video on Tuesday threatening the lives of two Japanese hostages , Kenji Goto Jogo and Haruna Yukawa . The terrorist explained that they would be executed in 72 hours if ISIS is n't paid $ 200 million . Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe responded on Tuesday saying the treatment of the hostages was "  unacceptable . " ISIS had similarly demanded 100 million euros  roughly $ 132.5 million  in ransom for the release of James Foley , the American journalist who was killed by the terrorist group in Syria in August . Like the $ 200 million demand for the Japanese hostages , the Foley demand was never a serious negotiation effort as it far exceeded the amounts of money paid for hostages held by jihadist militant groups in the past , which typically have ranged up to several million dollars . But the demand does shine a light on two uncomfortable facts about "  Kidnap & Ransom , " or K&R , the dark netherworld of professionals who work to negotiate between murderous groups such as ISIS and the terrified families whose loved ones have been kidnapped . It also includes their worried employers and Western governments such as France that will pay ransoms , and other governments , notably the United States and the United Kingdom , that will not . The first uncomfortable fact is that if you pay a ransom , a hostage is more likely to be released . The other is that every time a ransom is paid it increases the chance that other hostages will be taken to help fill the coffers of a terrorist group . According to an investigation by The New York Times , al Qaeda and its affiliates have netted at least $ 125 million in ransoms since 2008 . That finding is similar to a 2012 U.S. Treasury estimate that $ 120 million had been paid to terrorist organizations during the previous eight years . Much of this revenue reportedly comes from France . French media reported that the government had paid 20 million euros  about $ 28 million , reflecting last year 's exchange rate  for the release of four employees of a French nuclear firm . They were held by an al Qaeda affiliate for three years in northern Niger and were released last year . The French government denied paying a ransom , but The New York Times indicated -- based on reports from Le Monde and Agence France-Presse -- that France did pay in that case and has paid out a total of some $ 58 million to al Qaeda or related groups . Opinion : Why countries should think about paying ransoms Not surprisingly , the Times also found that of the 53 hostages known to have been taken by al Qaeda and its affiliates during the past five years , a third were French . The French government 's purported policy of negotiating with militant groups for the release of kidnapped citizens does appear to work . Four French journalists -- Nicolas Henin , Pierre Torres , Edouard Elias and Didier François , who were kidnapped in Syria last year by ISIS -- were released near the Turkish border in April , blindfolded and with their hands bound . One of those hostages , Henin , had been held by ISIS alongside Foley . Henin is free , and Foley is dead . These are the facts that policymakers must confront as they consider what to do about the other Western hostages still held by ISIS . So far , ISIS has executed a number of Western hostages , including American journalist Steven Sotloff , and U.S. aid worker Peter Kassig . ISIS continues to holds one American female aid worker . CNN is withholding her name . For the hostages held by ISIS , there is always the chance that their governments will mount a rescue operation as the United States did in Syria in July 2014 to try and rescue Foley and the other Americans . That mission failed because the hostages had been moved from a location they had been kept in for some months . There is also the possibility that hostages could escape , as American photographer Matthew Schrier did last year when he managed to crawl out of a window of the prison where he was being held in in the Syrian city of Aleppo by an Islamist militant group . But such escapes are rare , and while successful rescue efforts do happen , they are fraught with risks for the hostages . Linda Norgrove , for instance , a British aid worker held by the Taliban in Afghanistan in 2010 , was killed in a U.S. rescue operation , likely by a grenade that exploded near her . If there 's not an escape or a successful rescue effort , Western governments whose citizens are held by ISIS have only the options of either a negotiation involving ransom or the real possibility that their hostages may be executed . This is the sobering choice that has faced President Barack Obama and his national security advisers and now faces the Japanese Prime Minister . Last year , Obama ordered a review of U.S. hostage policy , which is never to negotiate with terrorists . The review is reportedly supposed to examine issues such as "  family engagement , intelligence collection , and diplomatic engagement policies . " But that seems to be rather missing the point . The real issue is : Will a ransom be paid , or not ? An area of possible wiggle room would be to leave the door open so that ransoms for Americans could be allowed to be paid -- not with U.S. government funds but with private donations . In such a case , the government would simply look the other way when private donations were used to free an American hostage , as paying money to a designated terrorist organization is a crime in the States . This is the least bad solution to a terrible quandary , which is if that if you do n't pay the ransom the hostage dies , and if you do pay the ransom , you are helping a terrorist organization .	Peter Bergen , Emily Schneider : ISIS seeking $ 200 million for two Japanese hostages ' freedom Sometimes ransom works , but it can lead to more kidnapping , the writers say
CNN  -- If you get arrested in California , better hope there are no incriminating texts or e-mails or sensitive data stored on your phone . On Monday , the California Supreme Court ruled that police in that state can search the contents of an arrested person 's cell phone . Citing U.S. Supreme Court precedents , the ruling contends that "  The loss of privacy upon arrest extends beyond the arrestee 's body to include ` personal property ... immediately associated with the person of the arrestee ' at the time of arrest . " Two justices  Kathryn Mickle Werdegar and Carlos Moreno  dissented from the majority opinion : "  In light of the vast data storage capacity of smartphones and similar devices , the privacy interests that the federal Constitution 's Fourth Amendment was intended to protect would be better served by a rule that did not allow police to rummage at leisure through the wealth of personal and business information that can be carried on a mobile phone or handheld computer merely because the device was taken from an arrestee 's person . " In a blog post , Ohio attorney Patrick Murphy summarized the California case that led to this ruling : In 2007 a Ventura County Deputy Sheriff witnessed a drug deal involving a car driven by Gregory Diaz . Diaz and his passenger were immediately arrested , and six Ecstasy pills were seized . At the police station , Diaz 's phone was confiscated . Diaz denied knowledge of or involvement in the drug deal . After Diaz was interviewed by police , Murphy writes , the deputy "  looked at the cell phone 's text message folder and discovered a message that said ' 6 4 80 ' -- which in the deputy 's experience meant ` Six pills of Ecstasy for $ 80 . ' Minutes later -LSB- the deputy -RSB- confronted Diaz with the text message , at which time the suspect admitted to participating in the sale of Ecstasy . " But this ruling is not limited to text messages . The ruling allows police in California to access any data stored on an arrestee 's phone : photos , address book , Web browsing history , data stored in apps  including social media apps  , voicemail messages , search history , chat logs , and more . Also , depending on the use of location-enabled services or apps that store data on the phone , the police might also be able to infer the arrestee 's past whereabouts . What if access to your phone is locked with a security code or pattern ? According to Catherine Crump of the American Civil Liberties Union , "  The police can ask you to unlock the phone -- which many people will do -- but they almost certainly can not compel you to unlock your phone without the involvement of a judge , " she said . Also , she noted that so far it 's legally unresolved whether police can copy data from an arrestee 's phone for future examination . Depending on who 's getting arrested , and for what , warrantless searches of cell phone data could have wide-ranging potential to implicate not just the arrested person , but also to draw police attention to other people who might be involved  or merely associated  with the arrestee . That might sound reasonable for investigations involving street crime , but what about for people who are arrested during protests and demonstrations ? Expect the California ruling to be challenged -- perhaps in the U.S. Supreme Court . The San Francisco Chronicle reports , "  This issue has divided other courts . U.S. District Judge Susan Illston of San Francisco ruled in May 2007 that police had violated drug defendants ' rights by searching their cell phones after their arrests . "  The Ohio Supreme Court reached a similar conclusion in a December 2009 ruling in which the state unsuccessfully sought U.S. Supreme Court review . The Ohio-California split could prompt the nation 's high court to take up the issue . " The opinions expressed in this post are solely those of Amy Gahran .	Police in California can now search contents of arrested person 's cell phone The ruling allows police to access any data stored on an arrestee 's phone Data includes photos , address book , Web browsing history and more
CNN  -- Forgot to charge your cell phone last night ? Imagine that you could power it by walking . Weirder still , you might be able to just spray a new battery on . Z.L. Wang shows an enlarged image of zinc oxide nanowires , less than the width of a hair in reality . These concepts are being developed by two leading nanotechnology researchers who are developing cleaner , more efficient ways of delivering electrical power . In working toward making these ideas realities , they are making use of structures that are 100 nanometers or smaller , where one nanometer is a billionth of a meter . " -LSB- The nanoscale -RSB- can make the components small , sensitive and high-performance , " said Zhong Lin "  Z.L. " Wang , distinguished professor at the Georgia Institute of Technology 's College of Engineering . "  The toughness and the flexibility increase by orders of magnitude . " Barely lifting a finger Wang and colleagues are working on harnessing the energy of the body 's natural movements to power small devices . Even the simple act of moving your fingers while typing creates energy that could power a small device , and these researchers are showing that nanotechnology can enable this transformation . Here 's the hard science : To take advantage of animal movement for energy , Wang 's team makes use of the piezoelectric effect , which refers to the ability of certain materials to generate an electric potential when a stress is applied to them . For instance , if you compress a crystal , it temporarily changes shape , causing the ions inside the crystal to polarize and produce a voltage drop . Learn about other applications of nanotechnology " That potential can drive a transient flow of external electrons to function as an energy output . Zinc oxide nanowires , which are environmentally friendly , have this property . Wang and colleagues are using these materials in making solar cells , which would have less potentially harmful impact on the environment than the traditionally-used silicon . They also use them make nanogenerators that can potentially harvest the energy from any mechanical movement . The group had success in animal models -- for instance , in harvesting energy from a hamster running on a wheel that wears a nanodevice on its back . They have also implanted a nanogenerator on the heart of a mouse , and are able to capture energy from just the heart beat -- albeit only some picowatts  one million millionth of a watt  . The eventual goal is to create a way for people to self-power a blood pressure or glucose monitor -- for instance , by implanting a small device in the arm . Read about nanotechnology and cancer research "  Within three years , the power generated should be enough to power these kinds of devices , " Wang said . Wang also demonstrated how one of these tiny devices on a wire attached to a person 's finger can harvest energy from stretching and bending the finger . ` Next-next generation ' batteries Scientists want to develop energy sources based on inexpensive , abundant , eco-friendly materials that generate higher power . At the Massachusetts Institute of Technology , researchers are doing that by engineering viruses that build materials for batteries . "  We 're letting biology help us work on solving those problems , solving what the next-next generation batteries are going to be , " said Angela Belcher , professor of materials science and engineering at MIT and winner of a 2004 MacArthur Foundation genius grant . Here 's how it works : Belcher and colleagues synthesize a virus called M13 bacteriophage , which is wire-shaped and only about 9 nanometers thin . This virus is common -- "  you have bacteriophage all over you , " Belcher said -- and is harmless to humans . A traditional battery has a negatively charged "  anode " and a positively charged "  cathode , " and charged particles called ions flow between them . As they demonstrated in a paper in the journal Science in April , a cathode can be made when engineered viruses coat themselves with iron phosphate , then bind to carbon nanotubes , which are cylindrical carbon molecules . The result is an extremely conductive network of these nanotubes . Ten grams of their cathode materials can power one portable media player for about 40 hours , which is equivalent to three normal portable media batteries in the same device , Belcher said . In 2006 , the team showed that the anode could also be built by viruses -- this time , coating themselves with cobalt oxide and gold . The viruses essentially become small wires . Given that the battery grows itself , there 's basically no manufacturing waste . No toxic materials are involved either , Belcher said . During the assembly process , the viruses are not alive , Belcher said . "  They 're just a protein scaffold to be able to grab ions out of solution or build materials exactly the way we need them to grow , " she said . Once the battery is made , the virus can no longer make copies of itself , she said . While the current prototypes are powerful , they wo n't come to market because researchers want to make them out of even better materials . In five or 10 years , though , they could be available for specialty applications , Belcher said . She and colleagues are also working on spray-on batteries -- just spray on the components , including the viruses , like spray paint -- and batteries that attach like rubber stamps . The stampable batteries could be used for cards on which information is stored , such as IDs and credit cards , she said . The business of nanotech Some of the nanotech energy devices sold today include nano-enhanced lithium ion batteries that perform better and are safer than their predecessors , he said . Several companies also are working on flexible solar cells -- meaning one day "  you could even have something like an awning or a backpack made out of a material that produces solar electricity , " said Michael Holman , research director at Lux Research , an independent research and advisory firm providing advice about emerging technologies . But "  there 's still a big disconnect between the hype and the reality , " of nanotechnology in the energy sector , he said . Only 0.6 percent of nanotech revenues in 2007 came from energy and environment applications , according to a report from Lux , and they predict only 1.8 percent in 2015 . Holman cautioned that many of the technologies that have come to the market , such as the lithium ion batteries , are incremental advances rather than breakthroughs . Still , the studies that Wang and Belcher are doing are important , he said . It may be decades before human motion could translate into more than a small fraction of general energy use , but in the nearer term it could hold promise in small sensor applications such as environmental monitoring , Holman said . Belcher 's work on batteries is "  exactly the kind of research we need to keep doing " as scientists progress toward goals such as powering electric cars , for example , he said .	Device could allow people to self-power a blood pressure or glucose monitor Materials for an efficient battery , waste-free battery were made by viruses Spray-on and stampable batteries are being tested at MIT Energy and environment applications are a tiny portion of nano revenues now
Editor 's note : The staff at CNN.com has recently been intrigued by the journalism of VICE , an independent media company and website based in Brooklyn , New York . VBS.TV is Vice 's broadband television network . The reports , which are produced solely by VICE , reflect a transparent approach to journalism , where viewers are taken along on every step of the reporting process . We believe this unique reporting approach is worthy of sharing with our CNN.com readers . Brooklyn , New York  VBS.TV  -- In 1998 , Kevin Warwick became what some people call "  the world 's first cyborg . " To be exact , Warwick , a professor of cybernetics at Reading University , had a radio frequency ID chip implanted in his arm . Years before RFID chips became common , this small implant allowed him to turn on lights by snapping his fingers , or open doors without touching them . Once , after connecting his nerves to an array of electrodes in 2002 , he let his wife use her brain waves to take control of his body . It was the first time the nervous systems of two humans had communicated electronically . "  It was quite an intimate feeling , " he says . This is n't just for fun , Warwick tells Motherboard.tv , VBS ' technology channel . He is certain that without upgrading , we humans will someday fall behind the advances of the robots we 're building -- or worse . "  Someday we 'll switch on that machine , and we wo n't be able to switch it off , " he says , sounding a note of alarm that clashes with the cheery visions of futurists like Ray Kurzweil . That might explain why he has very little technology at home , and counts "  The Terminator " among his biggest influences . Warwick does n't want to turn into a robot : He wants to be a better human . Augmenting human ability , not turning into an automaton , is , after all , the premise of the "  cyborg . " One of the term 's earliest uses , according to the Oxford English Dictionary , was in a 1960 New York Times article : "  A cyborg is essentially a man-machine system in which the control mechanisms of the human portion are modified externally by drugs or regulatory devices so that the being can live in an environment different from the normal one . " See the rest of "  The Cyborg " at VBS.TV Today , the argument for cybernetics may seem more imperative than ever . Already the latest bionic technologies are allowing deaf children to hear and disabled war veterans to run again . Technologists , meanwhile , see "  augmented reality " applications for smartphones as doing something similar for our brains , fortifying them for life in a world overflowing with data . For now , Warwick , who will be awarded the Ellison-Cliffe Medal from the Royal Society of Medicine in 2011 , is using his research into brain interfaces and autonomous robots to provide better insight into how memories are formed , and learn how to better treat brain diseases like Alzheimer 's and Parkinson 's . "  Technology , directly integrated with the brain , can help overcome some problems people have , " says Warwick . Brain implants could keep people fit , making sure , for instance , "  you do n't eat that chocolate cake that you want . " But the possibilities may also be stranger than we have yet imagined . Someday , says Warwick , humans could become "  a curiosity for the machines . " " ` Look at that -- that 's where we were in historical times , ' they will think to each other . "	Kevin Warwick had radio frequency ID chip implanted in his arm in 1998 Implant allows him to turn on lights by snapping fingers , open doors without touching them Warwick says he does n't want to turn into a robot , he wants to be a better human
CNN  So , you 'd like a "  Full House " reunion and spinoff ? You got it , dude ! Co-star John Stamos announced Monday night on "  Jimmy Kimmel Live " that Netflix has ordered up a reunion special , followed by a spinoff series called "  Fuller House . " The show will feature Candace Cameron Bure , who played eldest daughter D.J. Tanner in the original series -- which aired from 1987 to 1995 -- as the recently widowed mother of three boys . "  It 's sort of a role reversal , and we turn the house over to her , " Stamos told Kimmel . Jodie Sweetin , who played Stephanie Tanner in the original series , and Andrea Barber , who portrayed D.J. 's best friend Kimmy Gibbler , will both return for the new series , Netflix said . Stamos will produce and guest star . Talks with co-starsBob Saget , Mary-Kate and Ashley Olsen , Dave Coulier and Lori Loughlin are ongoing , Netflix said . The show will be available next year , Netflix said . "  As big fans of the original Full House , we are thrilled to be able to introduce Fuller House 's new narrative to existing fans worldwide , who grew up on the original , as well as a new generation of global viewers that have grown up with the Tanners in syndication , " Netflix Vice President of Original Content Cindy Holland said in a statement . The show starts with Tanner -- now named Tanner-Fuller  get it ... Fuller ?  -- pregnant , recently widowed and living in San Francisco . Her younger sister Stephanie -- now an aspiring musician -- and her lifelong best friend and fellow single mom , Kimmy , move in to help her care for her two boys and the new baby . On Monday , Barber tweeted Cameron Bure to ask whether she was ready to resume their onscreen friendship . "  We never stopped , " Cameron Bure tweeted back . Fans were over the moon at the news .	Show will return with a one-hour special , followed by spinoff , star John Stamos says He announced the show Monday night on "  Jimmy Kimmel Live "
New Delhi  CNN  -- A train speeding through a forested corridor in India 's West Bengal killed three elephants and another is in a critical condition , a wildlife official said Friday . A baby elephant was among the animals killed in the pre-dawn collision in India 's Jalpaiguri district some 620 kilometers  385 miles  north of the state capital Kolkata , said V.K. Sood , chief conservator of forests in West Bengal state . Another elephant is still in a critical condition after the train plowed into part of a herd crossing the tracks , he said . Concern over similar incidents had prompted railway authorities to restrict train speeds in the area to 25km an hour . However , the railway department has said a speed of 50km an hour was permissible in the area where the accident occurred . Sood said an inquiry is now underway to determine the speed of the train that killed the elephants Thursday , he said , adding that investigators were also looking at the levels of visibility on the track at the time . As many as 36 elephants have been killed by trains in the area since 2004 , Sood said . India 's former rail minister Pawan Kumar Bansal said in a Railway Budget speech in February the department needed to make special provision to protect what he called "  these gentle giants . " "  The railway family is deeply grieved by some incidents of death of elephants on railway tracks passing through forest areas . Several measures have been initiated in consultation with the Ministry of Environment and Forests , which I am confident will substantially reduce such accidents and safeguard the lives of these gentle giants , " he said . He said the department had already proposed a bypass rail link around one reserve with a sizable elephant population . Conservationists estimate that India has a wild population of some 25,000 Asiatic elephants but their habitat is increasingly under pressure as human settlements encroach on nature reserves . India has recently witnessed a number of cases of wild animals entering urban environments . In one high-profile incident a leopard killed one person and injured two other after wandering into a residential area in northeast India .	Train in West Bengal kills three elephants and left one in a critical condition The train plowed into the animals as the herd crossed the tracks As many as 36 elephants have been killed by trains in the area since 2004 India has a wild population of some 25,000 Asiatic elephants but their habitat is under threat
CNN  -- Fred Deegbe was standing outside a shop window five years ago , marveling at the shiny pair of wing-tip Oxfords he 'd just bought , when he started wondering whether such beautiful designer shoes could ever be produced in his country , Ghana . "  Impossible , " a nearby shoeshine boy purposefully declared after being asked by Deegbe ; later , at home , his friends were equally dismissive . "  Everyone was convinced that these high-end shoes could not be made in Ghana , " recalls Deegbe . Everyone ? Not exactly . Despite not having any real knowledge about the shoe market , Deegbe , who was a banker at the time , decided to prove them all wrong and take on the world 's leading shoe brands . Soon after , he teamed up with a friend and started Heel The World  HTW  , a high-end shoemaking company based in Accra , Ghana . That was in 2011 , and one year later Deegbe quit his banking job to dedicate himself fully in his new ambitious venture . "  We started buying machines  and  brought them over to the house , " says the young entrepreneur , who launched the company from his parents ' garage . "  We had no intentions of starting the factory in the house , but one thing led to another and we just had to start . " Wearing it with pride Inside the HTW workshop , underneath fashion images hanging from its bright yellow walls , the startup 's workers are busy cutting pieces of leather and gluing soles at their work stations . The materials are imported from places like the United States and Italy but all shoes are crafted by hand here . It 's a meticulous task , one the HTF staff tend to perform while wearing their bespoke creations -- anything from retro brogues and elegant loafers to stylish dress slippers and eye-catching Oxfords . "  They want their friends to ask them , ` Where did you buy that ? ' and they say , ` no , we made it ; we made it in a garage , in Accra , with our own hands , ' " says Deegbe . Convincing people HTW , which currently has five full-time employees , has built a website to take orders and relies heavily on social media for marketing . Yet , one problem for some potential customers is the cost -- from between $ 200 to $ 400 , the price would be limiting anywhere , let alone in Ghana , where many people are still hit by economic hardship despite the country 's remarkable growth and record poverty reduction in recent years . "  That 's an uphill challenge that we still face , " says Deegbe . "  It 's because most of this stuff is imported , " he explains . "  You have to convince people that these things can be made here and these things is worth all the money we are asking for , " he adds . Proving doubters wrong HTW has also started producing accessories such as so-called "  empowerment beads " -- these are handcrafted creations made of glass and brass that are designed to represent all the hard work that goes into reaching a goal . It 's something Deegbe has learned first-hand , having taken the challenge of launching HTW to demonstrate that a high-end shoe brand can be made in Ghana . "  The good things is we 're all quite young in the company -- everyone 's under 30 -- and we have a long time to prove people wrong , " says Deegbe . "  Eventually people will not think of HTW and question it anymore -- people will think about it and think quality and think the most awesome brand coming out of Africa , " he adds . READ THIS : Kenyan designs at your fingertips READ THIS : Flip-flops to rubber masterpieces	Fred Deegbe is the co-founder of Heel The World , a high-end shoe company in Ghana The young entrepreneur wants to prove that quality shoes can be made in his country The company imports materials from abroad but makes the shoes by hand locally Heel The World has also started making accessories
CNN  -- ABC News reporter Amy Robach did n't want to get a mammogram , but it ended up saving her life . Robach has revealed that after submitting to the procedure live on the air for "  Good Morning America 's " Pink Day , she was found to have breast cancer and will now undergo a bilateral mastectomy . "  The doctors told me bluntly : ` That mammogram just saved your life , ' she wrote in an essay on ABCNews.com . You do n't have to fear breast cancer Robach said she had never before had a mammogram and had actually put off having the procedure before a producer asked her to do it for the show . "  You 're 40 , the age women should start getting mammograms , " Robach said the producer told her . "  Would you even consider it ? " Foods every breast cancer survivor should know about The reporter said "  GMA " colleague Robin Roberts urged her to do it , telling her , "  You know , Amy , if one life is saved , it 's worth it . " After having the testing done on air October 1 , Robach said she was informed by doctors that she had the disease . Now she is grateful for being encouraged to do it and hopes her story helps other women . Photos : Chronicle of a mastectomy "  I was also told this , for every person who has cancer , at least 15 lives are saved because people around them become vigilant , " Robach wrote . "  They go to their doctors , they get checked . " "  I can only hope my story will do the same and inspire every woman who hears it to get a mammogram , to take a self exam . No excuses . It is the difference between life and death . "	Robach will have a bilateral mastectomy after breast cancer diagnosis She had never had a mammogram before the one she had on air on October 1 Robach says colleague Robin Roberts urged her to get the test
ADDIS ABABA , Ethiopia  CNN  -- At age 19 , Yohannes Gebregeorgis borrowed a soft-cover romance novel entitled "  Love Kitten " that changed his life forever . "  I just wanted to come back to Ethiopia and help children have a future , have hope , " Yohannes Gebregeorgis says . Born in rural Ethiopia to an illiterate cattle merchant who insisted upon his son 's education , Gebregeorgis had seen a few books in school . But it was the experience of having a book of his own that sparked a lifelong commitment . Today , at 56 , Gebregeorgis is establishing libraries and literacy programs to connect Ethiopian children with books . "  Most Ethiopian children have only access to textbooks in the classroom , " says Gebregeorgis . "  Books children read outside of school , those are the spices of education . " It was n't until he became a children 's librarian in the United States that he realized what the children of his native home were missing . Forced to flee Ethiopia to the United States as a political refugee in 1981 , Gebregeorgis ultimately put himself through university , obtaining a graduate degree in library science . He relocated to the Bay Area , taking a post at the San Francisco Children 's Library in 1985 . There , he met "  The Little Engine That Could , " "  Captain Ahab " and "  Peter Pan . " He realized the impact children 's books could make on a child 's sense of wonder and vision . "  Children could imagine everything from books -- connections to other cultures , to other people , to other children , and to the universe at large , " recalls Gebregeorgis . "  It gives them hope . It gives them pleasure . It gives them everything that they can not otherwise get in regular textbooks . " But Gebregeorgis found that , among the brilliantly illustrated books in 70 languages , there were none in Amharic , the primary language of Ethiopia , and none representing the places and characters of Ethiopian lore . When the library allocated $ 1,200 for the purchase of Ethiopian books the following year , Gebregeorgis was unable to find any , because of prohibitive publishing , purchasing and importing costs in his home country . So he wrote one . "  Silly Mammo " was the first bilingual Amharic-English children 's book , and it led Gebregeorgis to establish Ethiopia Reads in 1988 . Using proceeds from book sales and grassroots book-a-thons , the nonprofit financed his efforts to bring children 's libraries to Ethiopia . In 2002 , Gebregeorgis left his job and his home and returned to Ethiopia with 15,000 books donated by the San Francisco Children 's Library . With them , he opened the Shola Children 's Library on the first floor of his Addis Ababa home . Watch Gebregeorgis explain how his home became more than just a children 's library " Young readers quickly overwhelmed the three-room home , requiring the addition of two large tents to provide shade for hundreds at a time . "  I just wanted to come back to Ethiopia and help children have a future , have hope , " says Gebregeorgis . Watch how Gebregeorgis is connecting children with storybooks in Ethiopia " Today , Ethiopia Reads is doing just that . In addition to the original library , the organization established the Awassa Reading Center and Ethiopia 's first Donkey Mobile Library . Inspired by a similar concept he 'd seen in Zimbabwe , Gebregeorgis customized a donkey-pulled trailer-cart that now makes weekly visits to rural villages around Awassa . Watch Gebregeorgis and a young reader talk about the four-legged library " Reading storybooks to children who have no access to television or computers , Gebregeorgis believes that literacy and education will emancipate his impoverished land , gripped by HIV/AIDS . Ethiopia Reads recently held its fifth annual Ethiopia Children 's Book Week . In 2007 , the group offered nearly 94,000 children access to its libraries in Addis Ababa , Awassa and on shady clearings along the Ethiopian countryside . "  With literate children there is no limit as to how much we can do . "	Yohannes Gebregeorgis fled Ethiopia for U.S. as political refugee in 1981 As librarian , he found there were no children 's books in Ethiopia 's main language After writing one himself , he set up the nonprofit Ethiopia Reads and moved home
CNN  -- Griffin Bell , who served as attorney general in the Carter administration , has died , according to the Carter Center in Atlanta , Georgia . He was 90 . Griffin Bell is sworn in as attorney general in January 1977 . Former President Jimmy Carter issued a statement saying that he and former first lady Rosalynn Carter were deeply saddened by Bell 's death . "  A trusted and enduring public figure , Griffin 's integrity , professionalism , and charm were greatly valued across party lines and presidential administrations , " Carter said . "  As a World War II veteran , federal appeals court judge , civil rights advocate , and U.S. attorney general in my administration , Griffin made many lasting contributions to his native Georgia and country . Our thoughts and prayers are with his family . " The son of a south Georgia cotton farmer , Bell passed the Georgia bar exam while still a student in law school , according to the New Georgia Encyclopedia . He went on to help build the prominent Atlanta law firm King and Spalding , and then to serve as the nation 's top legal officer . He was a chairman of John F. Kennedy 's 1960 presidential campaign , and Kennedy appointed him to the 5th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in 1961 . As a federal judge , Bell was involved in desegregation rulings in the 1960s , and he became known as a moderate legal voice in the South . Fellow Georgian Jimmy Carter nominated Bell as attorney general in 1976 . He was confirmed shortly after Carter 's inauguration but only after sometimes difficult Senate hearings . Bell 's memberships in private segregated clubs and some of his decisions as a federal judge became issues . He was confirmed in January 1977 by a Senate vote of 75 to 21 . Bell 's tenure as attorney general followed the Watergate era , and he was credited with helping restore public confidence in the Justice Department during the late 1970s . Bell resigned as attorney general in 1979 to return to private law practice in Atlanta with King and Spalding . He resurfaced in the public eye periodically , including in 2004 when he was listed among Georgia Democrats who endorsed President George W. Bush for re-election . Also in 2004 , he co-authored an independent study ordered by FBI Director Robert Mueller of the FBI 's internal disciplinary procedures . The report sharply criticized the FBI and called its methods for determining punishments for its agents "  seriously flawed . "	President Jimmy Carter nominated Griffin Bell as attorney general in 1976 Bell credited with helping restore confidence in Justice Department in late 1970s His "  integrity , professionalism , and charm " valued across party lines , Carter said In 2004 , he was listed among Georgia Dems who endorsed Bush for re-election
CNN  -- What 's in a nombre ? Apparently , for some Latinos , er , I mean Hispanics , it matters a lot . When researchers asked a group of people with roots in Latin America what they wanted to be called , they got a variety of responses . According to a new survey by the Pew Hispanic Center , the preferred term for many is "  Hispanic . " People prefer that word over "  Latino " by a two-to-one margin , 33 % to 14 % . But the study also revealed that most Latinos/Hispanics  51 %  do n't use either term and could n't care less what they 're called . Also , in a fascinating trend , the survey found that for those who want to affix their own label , the first preference is tied to an individual 's country of origin or that of their parents . Fifty-one percent of those surveyed said they describe their identity by using country of origin . Surprise . Come to find out that we 're not "  Hispanics " or "  Latinos " after all . We 're Dominicans , Cubans , Mexicans , Puerto Ricans , Nicaraguans , Salvadorans , Brazilian and a couple dozen other possibilities drawn from this hemisphere . The more specific , the better . According to the survey , only 24 % of respondents said they use catchall phrases like "  Hispanic " or "  Latino . " And in a finding that will almost certainly rattle the nativists , even fewer -- only 21 % -- say they typically describe themselves simply as "  American . " What does all this mean for the fastest-growing ethnic group in the United States ? Aside from Madison Avenue advertising firms , government bureaucrats and the political parties , it shows not many people seem to be all that fond of all-encompassing umbrella terms like "  Hispanic " and "  Latino . " There is no Latino/Hispanic voting bloc or even one central experience that these people are all going through in this country . The concept of Latino/Hispanic unity is probably overrated , as we are reminded whenever there is an outbreak of ethnic infighting . Of course , there are exceptions to every rule . The U.S. Latino/Hispanic population tends to close ranks whenever it feels attacked , harassed or marginalized , as with the immigration debate . That issue more directly impacts Mexicans and Mexican-Americans than , say , Puerto Ricans and Cuban-Americans . And yet , in Congress , you see Puerto Rican and Cuban-American lawmakers pushing for comprehensive immigration reform . Perhaps this is because they understand that much of the ugly rhetoric on the other side is aimed at all Latinos/Hispanics -- not just Mexicans and Mexican-Americans -- and that we 're all in this together . In fact , the same is true for Americans in general . We may look different , but many of us are living essentially the same lives . We need to spend less time trying to label each other , and more time looking for opportunities to empathize with one another and work together for the common good . No one asked me , but , when it comes to ethnic labels , here 's my preference : "  I do n't care . " The 50.5 million Latinos/Hispanics in this country have many more important issues to deal with . This is the Dickensian era for America 's largest minority , representing both the best of times and the worst of times . When Latinos/Hispanics are n't being pursued by marketing agencies and Fortune 500 companies hungry for a slice of more than $ 1 trillion in annual buying power , they 're being hounded by nativist mobs , racist politicians and the perpetrators of hate crimes . It is all mixed together . Amid all these challenges , politics and government are n't usually the solutions ; more often , they 're part of the problem . Those on the left should be concerned that President Obama , a Democrat , has deported more than 1.2 million people , most of whom were Latino/Hispanic . Those on the right should worry about mending fences between Latinos/Hispanics and making the Republican Party more inclusive before it goes the way of bell bottom pants . And with all this happening around them , it 's foolish for Latinos/Hispanics to get passionate about the labels that others slap on them . What they are called is a petty concern . Calling for respect , calling attention to their issues , and calling out injustice wherever they see it : These are more important battles to fight . Let 's get to it . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ruben Navarrette .	Ruben Navarrette : New survey reveals attitudes on Latino , Hispanic designations He says most with Latin American roots prefer to identify with their countries of origin But he says when they 're harassed as a bloc , they unify ; for example , on immigration Navarrette : Latinos should put aside petty labels , concentrate on big issues that affect them
Beijing  CNN  -- A prominent Uyghur scholar labeled a separatist by Chinese authorities may have been tried in secret and received a heavy prison sentence , his lawyer told CNN on June 18 . Ilham Tohti , an economics professor at Beijing 's Minzu University , was detained by police in January and taken to Urumqi , capital of the restive far-western Xinjiang region , where a spate of recent violent incidents were blamed by the government on Uyghur separatists seeking to establish an independent state . State media has reported that Tohti was charged with separatism . Li Fangping , his lawyer , cited anonymous sources for the news of his client 's secret trial and sentencing . "  I 'm shocked but do n't think these are groundless rumors , " said Li , who has not been allowed to see Tohti for months . "  Considering the tense situation in Xinjiang , I think this is very possible . " Li said local police would neither confirm nor deny the news to him . CNN 's repeated phone calls Wednesday to the Xinjiang government and police went unanswered . The foreign ministry declined to comment on the case Tuesday . Vocal critic Tohti is known for his research on Uyghur-Han relations and has been a vocal critic of the government 's ethnic policies in Xinjiang , a resource-rich region long inhabited by the Turkic-speaking , largely Muslim Uyghurs . The arrival of waves of Han , China 's predominant ethnic group , over the past decades has fueled ethnic tensions . Human rights groups call Tohti 's possible secret trial "  disturbing . " "  Secret trials of prominent activists are very rare these days in China -- one would expect at least a show trial with the presence of his lawyer , " said Maya Wang , a Hong Kong-based researcher for Human Rights Watch . "  Tohti has long considered himself speaking out for Uyghurs ' human rights in ways that are reasonable and acceptable to the authorities , " she added . "  If harsh measures are being used against him , it really shows the authorities ' line of tolerance has shifted a lot in the past year . " Widespread discrimination Some Uyghurs have expressed resentment toward the Han majority in recent years over what they describe as harsh treatment from Chinese security forces and loss of economic opportunities to Han people in Xinjiang . Amnesty International has said that Uyghurs face widespread discrimination in employment , housing and educational opportunities , as well as curtailed religious freedom and political marginalization . Other critics , including exiled Uyghur activists , have attributed the rise of violence in Xinjiang to Beijing 's increasingly repressive rule there -- a claim the government strongly denies . In the region 's deadliest violent incident in recent history , a suicide bombing last month killed 39 people at a street market in Urumqi . Another apparent suicide bombing left three dead in April at an Urumqi train station . In March , 29 people were stabbed to death by alleged Uyghur separatists at a train station in the southwestern city of Kunming . The Chinese government has responded by launching a massive anti-terrorism campaign as well as pouring more economic resources into Xinjiang . Executions On Monday , China executed 13 people convicted of terrorism charges related to attacks on public places in Xinjiang in recent months , state media reported . The same day , a court in Urumqi sentenced three people to death for their roles in a deadly attack in Beijing 's Tiananmen Square last October . Defendant names revealed by state media all sounded Uyghur . "  Repression plus economic incentives -- that has continued to be the government response , " said Wang , of Human Rights Watch . "  Economic development and job opportunities are important to the Uyghurs , but these things must be done in a way that respects their culture and freedom of expression . "  Unfortunately , the government is more interested in projecting what it wishes to do in Xinjiang rather than looking at what the real problems and ethnic grievances are in the region . "	Beijing-based scholar and critic of China 's policies in Xinjiang may have had a secret trial , lawyer says Ilham Tohti , who belongs to the Uyghur ethnic group , was arrested in January Chinese state media has reported that Tohti was charged with separatism China has launched a massive anti-terrorism campaign in the western region
NEW YORK  CNN  -- Radio host Don Imus has prostate cancer . Radio shock jock Don Imus has been diagnosed with prostate cancer . The shock jock made the announcement on his radio show Monday morning . Imus learned of the Stage 2 prostate cancer diagnosis last Wednesday , said Laurie Cantillo , program director for WABC-AM of New York . A bone scan indicated that the cancer has not spread , she said , and doctors believe it is fully treatable . Stage 2 prostate cancer means the cancer can be felt on exam but has not spread beyond the prostate gland . Imus , 68 , said he 's been on an organic diet for the past 10 years , avoiding meat and fish and eating mostly fruits and vegetables . "  It was n't great , but I was surprised , " Imus said after learning the results of a biopsy that was performed last Monday . He added that he plans to go to San Francisco , California , for a second opinion . Imus said he 's spoken with Sen. John Kerry and former New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani about his diagnosis . Kerry and Giuliani are both prostate cancer survivors . Imus exuded confidence while discussing his situation . "  They are predicting they can treat it . They can cure it . " Imus returned to the radio in December of 2007 , months after his inflammatory remarks caused the cancellation of his morning radio show on the CBS radio network . His four-hour program is syndicated nationally by the Citadel Broadcasting Corp. . Known for decades for his outspoken comments and off-color humor , Imus sparked a public outcry with his comments in April 2007 about the Rutgers University women 's basketball team . The controversy eventually led to the cancellation of his show by CBS Radio . He called the Scarlet Knights "  tough girls " and "  nappy-headed ` hos " during a national broadcast a day after the team lost the NCAA championship to the University of Tennessee Lady Volunteers . He later apologized .	NEW : Imus says he was "  surprised " by biopsy results , will seek a second opinion Radio shock jock announces the diagnosis on his show Monday morning Bone scan indicates the cancer has not spread , his program director says Doctors believe it is fully treatable , she says
CNN  -- The governor of New Mexico has received about 400 responses on a special website dedicated to answering a generations-old question : Should outlaw Billy the Kid get a pardon in the killing of a sheriff ? Gov. Bill Richardson , called a Billy the Kid buff , is looking at an old promise by another governor , and not the Kid 's cold-blooded reputation , in deciding whether to issue a posthumous pardon , officials said . "  I think he will take the responses into account , particularly the learned responses , " Richardson 's deputy chief of staff , Eric Witt , said Wednesday . So far , about 220 people are in favor of the pardon , while 180 are against , Witt said . Those interested have until December 26 to belly up to the bar and weigh in . The governor , who is also reviewing the historical record , has said he will announce a decision after Christmas but by December 31 , when his term ends . Billy the Kid , born Henry McCarty , also known as William H. Bonney and Henry Antrim , died at the hands of another sheriff , Pat Garrett , when he was only 21 . Some members of the Garrett family , including grandson Jarvis Patrick  J.P.  Garrett , oppose the pardon . Besides arguing that Billy the Kid was an incorrigible killer , they want to make sure Pat Garrett is absolved of any wrongdoing related to the killing and a Bonney jail escape . But Witt said the governor will not do anything that casts a cloud on Pat Garrett . "  We consider Pat Garrett a true hero of the West . " Albuquerque defense attorney Randi McGinn , who volunteered to handle the case for free , filed the petition for the pardon . "  A promise is a promise and should be enforced , " she wrote . Garrett killed Bonney on July 14 , 1881 , in Fort Sumner weeks after Bonney escaped from a jail . The sheriff , legend has it , was hiding in the dark and shot the Kid when he entered a room . Garrett himself was gunned down in 1908 at age 57 . Richardson will be deciding only the matter of a promise to Bonney made by territorial Gov. Lew Wallace , Witt said . "  We 're not offering a blanket pardon for everything he did . " Wallace -- who had also been a Union general in the Civil War and wrote the novel "  Ben-Hur " -- had promised to grant Bonney amnesty for the fatal shooting of Lincoln County Sheriff William Brady and other "  misdeeds " if he agreed to testify before a grand jury investigating another murder . Bonney cooperated , but the pardon did n't happen . According to Mark Lee Gardner and other historians , Bonney at one point wrote to Wallace , asking him to honor the deal . The Garretts argue Bonney decided to flee house arrest , making the pardon moot . He eventually was convicted in Brady 's death and was sentenced to death , the petition states . But he escaped from jail on April 28 , 1881 , killing two deputies . "  Still , regardless of Billy 's crimes , the motives of Richardson or the hollowness of posthumous justice , it all comes back to Wallace 's promise . A deal is a deal , and 129 years does n't change that . Billy is owed a pardon , " Gardner wrote earlier this year in the Los Angeles Times . The Garretts do n't buy that argument . "  If Billy the Kid was living amongst us now , would you issue a pardon for someone who made his living as a thief and , more egregiously , who killed four law enforcement officers and numerous others ? " the Garrett family wrote Richardson last fall . J.P. Garrett told CNN Wednesday that there is no written proof that Wallace made the promise and that the charges were federal , which did not give the governor the right to make the offer . But McGinn said a written promise is not necessary and there is ample evidence and letters indicating it was made . And , she said , Bonney was convicted of state charges after federal ones were dismissed . McGinn also rebuffed Garrett 's questions about her independence because her husband was appointed state chief justice by Richardson . Chief Justice Charles Daniels is not involved in the matter , she said , adding , "  I am not an appendage of my husband . " Popular history has Bonney gunning down 21 men , but many historians say the number was closer to nine . According to other legends , Bonney did not die at Garrett 's hands and is not buried in Fort Sumner , New Mexico . He went to Texas and became known as "  Brushy Bill " Roberts , they say . Poppycock , the Garretts argue . They asked Richardson to sign a petition signed by 100 people that reads , "  Whereas we the undersigned accept and agree the traditional history of Sheriff Pat F. Garrett and Billy the Kid  William Bonney  , and believe that Billy the Kid died at Pat F. Garrett 's hand ; Therefore we oppose a postphumous  sic  pardon for Billy the Kid as Brushy Bill Roberts . " But McGinn said Bonney kept his bargain by testifying and should receive the pardon . The attorney said at least two killings attributed to Bonney were self-defense and five others could have been done by others . Evidence shows that "  it 's ambiguous here who were the bad guys and who were the good guys . " "  Governor Wallace did not keep his end of the deal , which was to pardon Mr. Bonney for all outstanding charges , including the pending indictment related to the death of Sheriff William Brady , " McGinn wrote last week . "  This injustice should be corrected . " "  Why would he -LSB- Bonney -RSB- surrender himself ... unless there was something in it for him ? " McGinn asked Wednesday .	Gov. Bill Richardson is considering pardoning William Bonney in a sheriff 's death He is debating whether a promise made by an earlier governor should be honored People are allowed to e-mail their opinions over the next few days
CNN  -- Team Sky are considering taking legal action following the accident which saw their rider Juan Antonio Flecha hit by a car during Sunday 's ninth stage of the Tour de France . Spaniard Flecha was part of a five-man breakaway group when he was struck by a French TV vehicle overtaking them . Flecha fell to the road while fellow-escapee Johnny Hoogerland of Vacansoleil was catapulted into a barbed wire fence on the side of the road . Voeckler takes yellow jersey after crashes mar Tour stage Despite blood seeping through various cuts and abrasions both riders eventually got back on their bikes to finish the stage some way adrift of the leaders -- with Hoogerland in some distress as went onto the podium to collect the climber 's polka-dot jersey . Tour organizers immediatly excluded the vehicle for the remainder of the race and have opened an investigation , while police are also making enquiries and gathering statements . Speaking to reporters on Monday 's rest day , Team Sky chief Dave Brailsford said : "  It was plain for everyone to see -- that crash should n't have happened . "  Everybody saw it , everyone saw the severity of it so I do n't think we need to fan the flames of that anymore . "  Once you 've got the facts then you can decide and evaluate whether there 's an opportunity for the police to do something . There are different options available . " Asked specifically about the possibility of legal proceedings , Brailsford added : "  All the options includes anything you can think of . " Despite fears he had fractured an elbow , scans have revealed no break , and Flecha told reporters he expects to start Tuesday 's 158km 10th stage from Aurillac to Carmaux . "  Tomorrow I 'll be able to ride , how well I do n't know but I really do n't care , said Flecha . "  At first I want to see how everything goes . I 'm thinking more long term . I 'm more concerned about the Pyrenees . I ca n't bypass the Pyrenees , " he added . Meanwhile , Russian Alexander Kolobnev has become the first rider to be kicked off the Tour de France after testing positive for a banned substance . The 30-year-old Katusha rider , who was lying in 69th place in the overall standings , tested positive for hydrochlorothiazide on July 6 . Hydrochlorothiazide is listed as a banned substance as it can also be used to mask other drugs . Kolobnev is better known as a one-day specialist , having twice won the Russian national championships , as well as taking the silver medal in the 2007 and 2009 world championships and bronze at the 2008 Beijing Olympics .	Team Sky are pondering legal action after Juan Antonio Flecha 's accident Flecha was knocked off his bike during Sunday 's Tour de France ninth stage The French TV vehicle responsible for accident has been kicked off the race Alexander Kolobnev is kicked off the Tour de France after positive drugs test
CNN  Editor 's note : Mike Rowe 's essay about the deadly arrests of Mike Brown in Ferguson , Missouri , and Eric Garner in New York has struck a chord . It touches on the topics of police behavior and resisting arrest . The essay was first posted as a response to a fan 's question on Rowe 's Facebook page : "  Hello Mr. Mike Rowe . I 'm a big fan and also happen to work in the lower Haight as well as live in Alameda . I have to ask , with everything that is going on in Ferguson , how do you feel about the protests in San Francisco as well as the looting/rioting in downtown Oakland ? Hi Meghan , Last week , those very protests blocked off one of the major arteries , and as a result , I was 90 minutes late to a holiday dinner in Alameda . I apologized for my tardiness , and was told by my hostess not to give it a second thought . ` It 's a small price to pay , ' she said , ` given all that 's at stake . ' Another guest , already well into the eggnog , wondered aloud if a heart attack victim waiting for an ambulance stuck in traffic might hold a different view ? Within moments , everyone was talking about Garner and Brown , and the conversation got very political very quickly . A liberal guest said , ` Look , I was n't there , but it seems pretty clear that both men would still be alive had they been white . ' A conservative guest replied , ' I was n't there either , but it seems pretty clear that both men would still be alive if they had n't resisted arrest . ' This annoyed the liberal , who asked the conservative why Republicans wanted a ` police state . ' This annoyed the conservative , who asked the liberal why Democrats wanted ` total anarchy . ' Things continued to escalate , and within moments , fingers were pointing , veins were bulging , and logical fallacies were filling the air . Ho ! ho ! ho ! For once , I kept my mouth shut and listened as a roomful of decent people tore each others throats out . It was remarkable , because no one disagreed on the big points . No one disagreed that black lives mattered just as much as white lives . No one disputed that racial bias in law enforcement should be exposed and eliminated . In fact , no one disagreed about the basic facts surrounding each case . The breakdown happened over relevance and context . My conservative friends were focused on the fact that both men died while resisting arrest , and were therefore responsible for their own demise . They wanted to discuss the killings in light of the incredible risk that all police officers agree to assume . My liberal friends were focused on the fact that both men were unarmed , and were therefore victims of excessive force . They wanted to discuss the killings in the context of historical trends that suggest bias plays a recurring role in the way cops treat minorities . By dessert , it was clear that both sides wanted law and order . But the conservatives were convinced that order is only possible when citizens treat cops with respect . Liberals , on the other hand , were arguing that order can only occur when cops treat everyone the same . And round and round we went . The chicken and the egg . Later , on the drive home , I called a friend of mine back in Baltimore . He 's black , successful , and hard-working . He also resents the way he 's gotten swept into the zeitgeist of Ferguson . In his words , ` I 'm a pawn in someone else 's agenda , and I 'm sick of it . I know what bias looks like in my life . I 'm tired of being represented by two petty criminals who died resisting arrest . ' I had n't thought about it like that , but he 's got a point . The vast majority of black Americans have never broken the law . And yet , millions of lives are now entwined with the death of Brown and Garner . That 's not fair , but it 's hardly breaking news . Minorities are constantly stereotyped and the impression lingers . Looters and arsonists run amok , and Black America suffers the association . Now I 'm trying to get my head around the fact that two cops are dead in Brooklyn , assassinated by a lunatic in ` retaliation ' for Ferguson and Staten Island . Unbelievable . How much worse can it get for the millions of law-abiding minorities , struggling to be seen as individuals ? How much worse can it get for the thousands of honest cops , trying to protect a citizenry that does n't seem to appreciate their daily sacrifice ? A few days ago , people were marching in the streets , literally calling for the execution of police .  ` What do we want ? Dead Cops ! '  Others are standing by today , waiting to lionize the assassins who answer the call . These are not the champions of justice ; these are the enemies of civilization , and it 's up to sensible people on both sides of the aisle to close ranks and shout them down . If we want to live in a nation of laws , we need to support the humans sworn to uphold them . They 're a lot of really great cops out there who have promised to do that very thing , including the one in my family . We 'd be screwed without them . To answer your question Meghan , I support peaceful protests , and I 'm all for rooting out bad cops . But let 's not stop there . If we 're serious about saving lives , and eliminating the confrontations that lead to the demise of Garner and Brown , let 's also condemn the stupidity that leads so many Americans to resist arrest . I do n't care if you 're white , black , red , periwinkle , burnt umber , or chartreuse -- resisting arrest is not a right , it 's a crime . And it 's never a good idea . Mike "	Mike Rowe responds to deadly arrests of Mike Brown , Eric Garner "  I support peaceful protests , and I 'm all for rooting out bad cops , " says Rowe "  Resisting arrest is not a right , it 's a crime , " says Rowe
CNN  -- Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez is set to arrive in Iran on Monday to discuss the expansion of relations between the two countries , according to Iran 's semiofficial Fars News Agency . Chavez will stay for two days in Tehran , and will be accompanied by a Venezuelan delegation , Fars said . He will meet with Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad and other officials . Chavez and Ahmadinejad are also expected to discuss regional and international issues , Fars said .	Hugo Chavez is expected to arrive in Tehran , Iran , on Monday for a two-day trip He and Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad will talk about expanding relations
CNN  -- Novak Djokovic cemented his status as the hottest tennis player on the planet this year with a superb 4-6 6-3 6-2 victory over world No. 1 Rafael Nadal in the final of the Masters Series event at Indian Wells on Sunday . The Australian Open champion claimed Roger Federer 's No. 2 ranking when he beat the 16-time grand slam champion for the third time in 2011 in Saturday 's semifinals , and followed that up with his first win over Nadal since 2009 . The Serbian claimed the 21st title of his career , and his second at Indian Wells , as he avenged his 2007 final defeat to Nadal in the Californian desert in a match lasting two hours and 25 minutes . The Spaniard , playing his first tournament since suffering a hamstring injury in his quarterfinal defeat in Melbourne in January , also beat Djokovic in the final of last year 's U.S. Open to complete his career grand slam . New No. 2 Djokovic sets up Nadal final He was seeking to join Federer , Michael Chang and Jimmy Connors as the only players to win three times at Indian Wells . And it looked like the 24-year-old was on course for his 46th ATP Tour title after clinching the first set after a vital break in the seventh game , as he served out to love . But Djokovic , who had been punished on his second serve in the opener , battled back to take a 4-2 lead . Nadal immediately broke back , but then lost his own serve again , and Djokovic finally leveled at 1-1 after his opponent hit wide of the line as he tried to save a sixth set-point . Nadal 's error rate grew alarmingly in the deciding set , and Djokovic romped to a 4-0 lead as his serve got stronger as the match went on to extend his unbeaten run to 18 matches this year . The 23-year-old claimed the $ 605,500 first prize after becoming only the third player to beat Nadal and Federer in the same tournament twice , joining Nikolay Davydenko and David Nalbandian . However , Djokovic -- who spent 26 weeks at second in the rankings last year -- will still be almost 4,000 points behind Nadal when the ATP rankings list is released on Monday . "  I lost today , but I lost to one of the greatest , " said Nadal , whose last title came in Japan last October . Meanwhile , women 's No. 1 Caroline Wozniacki claimed her second title of the year after beating Marion Bartoli 6-1 2-6 6-3 in the WTA Tour final at the same venue earlier on Sunday . The 20-year-old Dane captured the 14th crown of her short career as she survived a second-set fightback from the first Frenchwoman to reach the Indian Wells final . Wozniacki , the runner-up last year , handed 15th seed Bartoli her seventh defeat in 12 career title matches . "  This is such an amazing event and everyone loves playing here . I 'm already looking forward to playing here next year , " Wozniacki said . Bartoli , the 2007 Wimbledon runner-up , is set to return to the top-10 in the rankings when the new list is released . "  Caroline , you should be very proud of yourself and I wish you all the best in the future . I know your goal is to get a grand slam -- I 'm sure you 'll get it very soon , " she said at the award ceremony .	New world No. 2 Novak Djokovic wins Indian Wells title for the second time Serbian prevents top-ranked Rafael Nadal from achieving record-equaling third win The 23-year-old claims the $ 605,500 first prize following 4-6 6-3 6-2 victory Women 's No. 1 Caroline Wozniacki beats Marion Bartoli in WTA event final
CNN  -- It 's been two years since Madonna Badger lost her three children and both of her parents in a Christmas Eve house fire . This fall she was finally able to bury her daughters ' ashes . It 's the kind of tragic loss that strikes people speechless . Badger writes about the horror and healing she experienced in the December issue of Vogue magazine , on newsstands November 19 . Almost every morning , she says , she thinks about that night , a Christmas Eve filled with singing , decorating with her girls , feasting on her mother 's homemade sugar cookies and wrapping presents late into the evening . She wakes up wondering what she could have done differently . Vogue.com : A writer abandons an unhealthy ritual The family had seemingly done everything right . A picture-perfect winter holiday had been warmed by a roaring fire in Badger 's Victorian house in Stamford , Connecticut , which was undergoing a massive renovation at the time . They swept up the fire 's ashes at the end of the night , made sure they were cold , put them in a bin in the mudroom and everyone was in bed by 3:30 am . That 's when Badger 's life changed in unimaginable ways . She woke up choking on smoke . She opened her bedroom window and climbed the scaffolding outside to her daughter Gracie 's bedroom window . She tried to get to her daughters , but the fire was too intense . She remembers being taken off the scaffolding by firefighters and taken to a hospital . Vogue.com : Daniel AlarcÃ ³ n on his new book , "  At Night We Walk in Circles " On Christmas Day , a doctor told her that her children were dead and her parents , too . Badger was moved to a psychiatric ward soon after her friends arrived at her bedside . When she was released some days later , she was thrown headlong into her children 's funeral . She managed to eulogize her girls , 9-year-old Lily and twins Sarah and Grace , who were 7 . "  My girls are in my heart , " Badger told fellow mourners in Manhattan 's St. Thomas Church . "  They are right here . This is where they live now . " The funeral service focused her , Badger says , but two days later , she was suicidal . She was hospitalized again and sought trauma therapy that brought no relief . So she called a college roommate who lived in Little Rock , Arkansas , and begged for help . Her old roommate , Kate Askew , soon came to take Badger home with her . There was one stipulation : Badger had to promise she would not try to kill herself . Vogue.com : The power of Instagram After nearly a year of therapy and recuperation in Little Rock , Badger decided to return to her life in New York . By then it was once again the holiday season . Badger decided to join a friend on a journey to Thailand , to volunteer at an orphanage . It was one way to escape the pain of Christmas . She brought the girls in this far away place some toys of her daughters ' that had survived the fire . Their thanks had a profound effect . "  When I looked into the girls ' faces , I saw my children . It broke me open in a way I still ca n't fully explain , " Badger writes in Vogue . "  But if these little girls were living their lives with joy and happiness , I realized â $ " and if they could give their love to me after all they had been through â $ " how could I possibly feel sorry for myself ? What they showed me was that what had happened to them had just happened . It was n't ` done ' to them , just as none of this had been ` done ' to me . I was n't being punished ; I had not been singled out . " To read Badger 's full account , pick up the December issue of Vogue magazine or download the digital copy now for iPad , Kindle Fire , Nook Color and Nook Tablet at Vogue.com .	Madonna Badger 's parents and three children were killed in a house fire two years ago The Christmas tragedy left Badger mentally and emotionally unmoored Badger moved in with a friend to recuperate and gradually found her way back She shares in a personal essay for Vogue magazine the steps she took to rebuild her life
LAS VEGAS , Nevada  CNN  -- Christina Aguilar sits in a converted storage room of a Las Vegas medical center , the best hope for underinsured cancer patients to get the treatment they need . Christina Aguilar , 28 , is being treated for advanced-stage ovarian cancer in Nevada . Drip by drip , Aguilar , 28 , watches as chemo enters her body to fight advanced-stage ovarian cancer . She is here because her insurance company would n't pay for her chemotherapy or her surgeries . "  I thought , ` Why am I getting insurance if it 's not going to pay for the most important thing ? ' " she says , recalling the day she learned her insurance would n't cover treatment . Getting chemo in an old storage space is n't the most ideal situation , but it 's her only choice . Watch chemo in a closet " Earlier this year , state budget cuts in Nevada resulted in the slashing of the outpatient cancer center at the University Medical Center 's oncology clinic , forcing patients to find treatment on their own . "  We 're supposed to be the safety net for patients , and yet obviously the safety net has holes in it , " says Kathleen Silver , the CEO of University Medical Center . Oncologist Nick Spirtos found a solution . He persuaded his partners to take on the patients pro bono , converted a storage area in his office into a chemotherapy room and got Clark County to pay for the expensive chemo drugs . One treatment can cost upwards of $ 10,000 . He 's also sought more primitive ways to cover costs . He holds up a clear plastic box bearing the label "  Cash for Chemotherapy . " Dollar bills and loose change jingle . There are 380 boxes placed throughout the county . "  It helps , " says Spirtos , the director of the Women 's Cancer Center of Nevada . "  If these boxes pay for one more patient 's chemo , that 's one lady who in the overall context would n't be able to have her treatment . " With the nation debating health care reform , Spirtos says he does favor universal health care , but not without trepidation . Learn more about America 's health care debate " He says Medicaid reimburses doctors at a fraction of their costs , and he believes other government programs are poorly run . He wrote an open letter to President Obama and Congress earlier this month . " -LSB- I -RSB- respectfully suggest that instead of rushing headlong into ill-thought out proposals , you and your staff along with Congress take some time and thoughtfully review the issues facing us and formulate a plan that might actually meet our needs , " Spirtos said . But on this day , he 's focused on his patients . Decked out in a blue doctor 's gown , Spirtos makes the rounds to see the women at his clinic . Aguilar 's ovaries were recently removed and she is getting her latest chemo regimen . She 's reclined in a chair , a red blanket draped over her legs . She opens a laptop and flips through digital pictures of her mother , who died of lymphatic cancer 10 years ago . Aguilar says her cancer was detected almost by accident . She went in for a checkup and a small acorn-sized cyst was discovered . A month later , it was the size of a grapefruit . She broke down in tears just after her ovaries were removed . "  I started crying . I was like , ` Oh my God , I 'm not going to be able to have kids , ' " she says . Aguilar was a cashier at Toys R Us , making $ 8.76 an hour . She had insurance through work , but it would n't cover her costs . Her salary made her inelgible for Medicaid . With the slashing of the county hospital 's oncology unit , her bills were racking up and she had few options . Luckily , her doctor referred her to Spirtos . Spirtos says cases like hers are becoming all too common , especially in the down economy . He treats 75 to 85 women per month ; about 20 percent are in a similar situation as Aguilar . "  If you 're recently unemployed , you have no insurance benefits and you do n't qualify for any of the public aids , " he says . "  So amazingly , the people who 've been working and supporting the system , the moment they 're out of work they do n't fit in any of the round holes -- they 're square pegs . " If Aguilar was n't getting treatment from him , he says , "  Over time , her cancer would progress and she 'd pass away . " The doctor , who is bald , stops at her side . Aguilar rubs the doctor 's golden dome . "  The great part about this is Christina 's hair is going to grow back and mine wo n't , " he says . The two laugh and smile . Outside the room , the doctor says he 's doing all he can to make sure the women who come to him have the best treatment possible . "  I get to hug my patients , I get my head rubbed and I get an incredible amount of gratification , " he says . He pauses . "  Getting a hug from one of these ladies is like my kids running up and saying , ' I love you . ' " He turns and walks down the hall . More patients await his help . CNN 's Traci Tamura and Gregg Canes contributed to this report .	Dr. Nick Spirtos of Nevada treats cancer patients pro bono after state funds slashed Christina Aguilar , 28 , is getting treated for ovarian cancer If Aguilar went untreated , "  her cancer would progress and she 'd pass away "
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Investigators believe "  Sons of Anarchy " actor Johnny Lewis brutally killed his elderly landlord Wednesday before falling to his death as he tried to escape police whose sirens he heard approaching . It could be weeks before police understand the cause of what they say was a violent rampage by Lewis , 28 , that led to the death of Katherine Davis , 81 . Davis died from "  blunt head trauma and strangulation , " according to preliminary findings from the autopsy conducted Thursday , the Los Angeles County Coroner 's office said . Police suspect drugs were involved , but "  we do n't have any hard evidence that says he was on anything right now , " LAPD Commander Andrew Smith said . Toxicology findings from the autopsy conducted Thursday by the coroner will be crucial to determining if the actor was under the influence of drugs , Smith added . It is expected to take at least a month before the report is done . "  After ` bath salts , ' new drugs are coming out all the time and young people try new drugs all the time , " Smith said . "  That 's , of course , one of the things that our detectives are going to look into , whether he was using that or anything else . " Designer drugs on the rise No one saw what happened inside the house where Davis , the homeowner , was found beaten to death , Smith said . The only witnesses were the man who owned the house next door and a painter , who say they were attacked by Lewis before he fell to his death . Other neighbors told police they heard a woman 's screams and glass breaking , Smith said . A large pool of blood where police say Lewis ' head crashed onto the pavement remained Thursday in the driveway of the house that has for decades been the temporary home for actors and producers visiting Los Angeles to make movies . The home is in the Los Feliz neighborhood near Griffith Park , on the eastern edge of the Hollywood district of Los Angeles . The first officer responding to a neighbor 's 911 call found Lewis dead in the driveway , Smith said Thursday . The house "  appeared to have been ransacked , " with furniture broken , he said . Davis was found dead on the second floor of the three-level house with her dead cat nearby in a "  gruesome scene , " police said . Davis , who lived in the home for decades , "  typically rented to people in the movie industry , writers and actors , and they would come up here because it 's a wonderful , quiet neighborhood , " Smith said . David Thoresen , who has serviced the home 's garden fountain for five years , said Davis was a small woman , standing no more than 5-feet , 3-inches tall . "  She was the happiest , nicest lady I ever met in my life , " Thoresen said . "  I loved Kathy . " Lewis lived in the home , which is on a winding , narrow residential street on a hillside on the eastern edge of Hollywood , for about two weeks , Smith said . While Los Angeles Police would not discuss Lewis ' criminal history , CNN has obtained records of two arrests in February on burglary and battery charges in Santa Monica , California . No information was available on the status of those cases . Lewis is credited with playing Kip "  Half Sack " Epps in 26 episodes of the first two seasons of "  Sons of Anarchy " on the FX Network , according to the Internet Movie Database . His character was killed in the finale of season two . "  Sons " creator Kurt Sutter , in an extended Twitter posting Thursday , called Lewis ' death "  a tragic end for an extremely talented guy , who unfortunately had lost his way . " "  I wish I could say that I was shocked by the events last night , but I was not , " Sutter 's tweet said . "  I am deeply sorry that an innocent life had to be thrown into his destructive path . Yes , it 's day of mourning , but it 's also a day of awareness and gratitude . Sadly , some of us carry the message by dying . " This week 's episode of "  Sons of Anarchy , " a series based on a violent motorcycle gang with graphic violence , included the death of "  Opie , " a major character . Sutter 's Twitter posting noted "  the sad irony of it happening two days after opie 's death is not lost on me . " People we 've lost in 2012 : The lives they lived Sutter told TV writer Alan Sepinwall in an interview published in December 2009 that "  Johnny was n't happy on the show . " "  Creatively , he really wanted out of his contract , " Sutter told Sepinwell . "  We had ongoing conversations , and we decided we 'd find some noble way for him to go . " Lewis played Dennis "  Chili " Childress in nine episodes of "  The O.C. " in 2005 and 2006 , according to IMDb.com . His last work was in an independent movie , "  186 Dollars to Get Out , " which was scheduled to release this month , the IMDb.com listings said . Lewis , whose full name is Jonathan Kendrick Lewis , was born and raised in Los Angeles . He held dual U.S. and Canadian citizenship , according to his IMDb biography . CNN 's Jane Caffrey contributed to this report .	NEW : Katherine Davis , 81 , died from "  blunt head trauma and strangulation , " coroner says Police suspect drugs may have been involved , but no proof yet Johnny Lewis , 28 , apparently fell to his death , police say Lewis ' acting resume also included "  The O.C. " and "  Criminal Minds "
CNN  -- Many people in Mingo County , West Virginia , likely know Rosie Crum the way that Frances Crawford does . The two women , both active in local politics , are friendly . They stop to talk when they see each other . But folks in Mingo County are about to get a whole lot closer to Crum , who was appointed sheriff Thursday by the county 's commissioners . The former sheriff , Crum 's husband , was shot and killed this week . "  She 's a good person , " Crawford said about Crum . "  She 's always seemed like a strong person too . " According to County Commissioner David Baisden , Crum was born and raised in Mingo County . She met her husband , Eugene Crum , when she was 14 , and they married in 1975 . The Crums have two children -- a son and a daughter , both grown -- and grandchildren . "  They have been a pillar in the community and done everything that they felt was the right thing to do , and we feel this is the right thing for us to do , " Baisden said about Crum 's appointment . She 'll serve out the rest of her husband 's term , which runs through the end of next year . Crum has prior no law enforcement experience , but she will have "  plenty of help , " Baisden said . Williamson Police Chief Dave Rockel will "  manage the law enforcement end " of the sheriff 's department , he explained . John Mark Hubbard , president of the Mingo County Commission , said Crum 's appointment is like an extension of her husband 's legacy . The commission voted unanimously . "  We have the full support of the sheriff 's department , right down to every man that we spoke to as a deputy , and their support for this is overwhelming . Now we ask for your support . " ` She lost everything ' Crum was sworn in as sheriff on Thursday night at the county courthouse , just blocks from where her husband was shot . She did not speak , but she hugged 22 deputies who came to the ceremony , Hubbard said . Baisden said he met with Crum earlier in the day , and that she was understandably emotional . He explained another part of the rationale behind her appointment . "  She lost everything she had . She lost her husband , and would have lost a paycheck , " he said . "  We told her we felt like this is the sure way that we could take care of her until she got on her feet . " An election to replace Crum is set to be held in May 2014 . Whoever wins will take office on January 1 , 2015 . Photographs of the new sheriff on her Facebook page show a woman with an easy smile . She holds a paintbrush in one picture -- a dog , a baby and her husband tight in others . Justin Marcum , an assistant prosecutor in Mingo County , said having Crum step into her husband 's shoes should help in the healing process . "  Everyone here in the community knows her . It 's small town U.S.A. , and it will help us overcome the void that 's in our hearts , " he said . "  It 's just a symbolic way that we can move forward and get past this tragedy . " CNN 's Susan Candiotti and Ross Levitt contributed to this report .	Rosie Crum steps in for her husband after he was killed She will be sheriff through the end of next year The mother of two was active in local politics Crum , who lacks law enforcement experience ; will have "  plenty of help "
CNN  -- The poster at the end of the montage is written in the colorful , uneven handwriting of children , but its message is clear . Three kids stand with the sign that reads , "  Please marry our Mums . " The children are 9-year-old Javarn , 7-year-old Maycee and 6-year-old Mikaere , and their moms are Lynley Bendall and Ally Wanikau . The women , who have been together for some 14 years , got married Monday -- the day same-sex marriage became legal in New Zealand . The couple exchanged vows aboard a flight from Queenstown to Auckland , the carrier Air New Zealand said on its Facebook page . The airline chose Bendall and Wanikau from entries that came from around New Zealand . "  Getting married on a plane ... Wow !!! Imagine that for news at school ! " read other posters the children held up in the winning video entry . New Zealand 's parliament voted in April to legalize same-sex marriage , making it the first country in the Asia Pacific region to do so . A double wedding was held Monday at the Rotorua Museum in the city of the same name . "  It has been a really positive celebration , " said museum marketing manager Joanna Doherty , adding there were no protesters outside . "  It was lovely . " About 90 invited guests and members of a radio station crew that put on a competition for the all-expenses-paid wedding were on hand as Rachel Briscoe and Jess Ivess and Richard Rawstorn and Richard Andrew exchanged vows . The museum only this year began hosting weddings and other private functions . "  I think the museum is traditionally seen as old-fashioned ... but we just wanted to be seen as a place that welcomes everybody , " Doherty told CNN . "  It is everybody 's history that gets told here . " Including New Zealand , 14 countries now allow same-sex marriage . Of those , nine are in Europe . What you need to know about same-sex marriage in the U.S. and around the world The Netherlands was the first , in 2001 , and it was later joined by Belgium , Spain , Norway , Sweden , Iceland , Portugal , Denmark and France . Argentina , Uruguay , Canada and South Africa are the non-European countries in the group . Same-sex marriage is also legal in some parts of Brazil , Mexico and the United States . CNN 's Phil Gast and Jessica King contributed to this report .	NEW : Two women wed on a flight from Queenstown to Auckland Same-sex marriages became legal in New Zealand on Monday Fourteen countries now allow same-sex couples to marry New Zealand is the first to do so in the Asia Pacific region
CNN  Have n't you had enough for a week , Old Man Winter ? Apparently not , in New England at least , where even more snow fell -- or is expected to fall -- Friday , on top of the several feet that socked some places a few days ago . Wait , that 's not all . After receiving up to 6 more inches of snow , bitter cold wind chills and strong winds into Saturday morning , the Boston area could see another snowstorm Sunday night into Monday , according to the National Weather Service . Granted , none of it will compare with the blizzard that blew through New England from Monday through Wednesday . Few communities were spared , with some getting buried under about 3 feet of snow . Others , such as the Massachusetts island of Nantucket , got hit by especially severe winds that knocked out power . And there was Marshfield , Massachusetts , which had blizzard conditions -- meaning a whiteout with heavy snow and regular winds of 35 mph or more -- for 14 hours and powerful storm surges that crumbled a seawall and significantly damaged 11 homes . The latest weather event is n't a blizzard , but rather a "  clipper " storm swooping down from western Canada to the east . It gets its name from clipper ships , sailing vessels known for their cutting speed , the weather service says . This time around , Maine is in the bull 's - eye . Snow had already begun falling before dawn Friday in Portland , and it 's expected to add up to as much as 10 inches by the time it 's over Saturday afternoon . That is not a lot for winter in Maine . But it could be a problem , considering that crews were still rushing Friday morning to clear out some of the 27 or so inches that fell from the earlier storm . "  Particularly after the storm we had Tuesday , which was a monster storm , the cleanup really takes a little bit longer . And to have this back-to-back storm , it just makes it much more difficult for us , " Portland Mayor Michael Brennan told CNN . Some areas of Maine -- all of which is under a winter storm warning through Saturday -- will get hit even harder than Portland , with 2 more feet of snow possible in the northern part of the state . "  Clean up , clear out and stay safe , " the Maine Emergency Management Agency advised residents . Some of that system will affect areas farther south such as Massachusetts , where daytime high temperatures should peak around or just above the freezing mark . That will seem practically tropical compared with the temps once the sun goes down , when wind chills will fall below freezing and wind gusts could top 43 mph . It wo n't get much warmer anytime soon . The forecast for Boston does n't have temps getting beyond the 20s through Thursday , at least . That 's not beach weather , but it 's not surprising either . Speaking for Mainers , Portland 's mayor expressed confidence that people will get through this latest wave of winter just fine . "  We really do have some practice at this , " Brennan said . "  And this is winter in ... New England . " CNN 's Sara Ganim reported from Portland , Maine .	Portland , Maine , mayor says back-to-back storms pose a cleanup challenge The Boston area could see yet another snowstorm Sunday night into Monday A "  clipper system " sweeping down from western Canada is hitting New England
LIMA , Peru  CNN  -- Tensions between Chile and Peru remained high Monday after last week 's revelation that Peru 's top army general said at a party that Chileans in Peru would be sent back in coffins or body bags . General Edwin Donayre , right , meets with Peruvian President Alan Garcia in Lima , Peru , last year . Chilean President Michelle Bachelet met Monday morning with her domestic advisers to discuss the matter after the Peruvian general appeared unrepentant over the weekend , the Chilean government reported on its Web site . Peruvian President Alan García had called Bachelet last week to say that the statements by Gen. Edwin Donayre are not the official policy of Peru . Bachelet said at the time she was satisfied with García 's explanation and it was "  up to the government of Peru to take measures . " Donayre made the remarks in 2006 or 2007 at a party at a friend 's house , said CNN affiliate station TVN in Santiago , Chile . The video was downloaded to YouTube in February and surfaced a week ago to wider attention . "  We are not going to let Chileans pass by , " Donayre says in the amateur-quality video as he offers a toast . "  Chilean who enters will not leave . Or will leave in a coffin . And if there are n't sufficient coffins , there will be plastic bags . " Tensions rose over the weekend when Donayre , who is scheduled to retire Friday , was widely quoted in Peru and Chile as saying that he will not be forced to resign early due to external pressure . "  I was named commander general under a presidential mandate and I can only be relieved under such an order . Not by necessity nor under pressure from another government , " Donayre said , acording to the Peruvian Andina news agency . Further heightening tensions , Donayre was quoted as saying that Peruvian citizens have a right to say whatever they want at private functions . "  I want to express and specify that it was not a speech nor a public act , " Andina quotes the general as saying . "  The situation in which what happened at a private gathering was spread worries me . " In the video , Donayre is surrounded by other uniformed army officials as well as people in civilian dress . It is not clear from the video in what context the general was making his comments . Nor was it clear in what forum Donayre made his comments over the weekend . After Bachelet 's meeting with top aides Monday , government spokesman Francisco Vidal declined to say whether Chile 's ambassador to Peru would be recalled in light of Donayre 's weekend statements . "  General Donayre 's declarations in the past 24 to 48 hours only convince us that we are right and that our government 's posture is reasonable , " Vidal said on the Chilean government Web site . In Peru , meanwhile , a member of Congress , Gustavo Espinoza , is under investigation , suspected of sending Donayre 's videotaped comment to Chilean press and politicians . A political opponent said Espinoza has an "  unpatriotic attitude , " the Andina news agency said . "  I would not have expected this conduct from any Peruvian , much less a member of Congress , " said Aurelio Pastor . Espinoza is already serving a 120-day suspension for leaking a private conversation with another member of Congress , Andina said . Peruvian Defense Minister Ántero Flores-Aráoz told reporters Saturday that relations between the two nations will be repaired , calling the Donayre incident "  a bump in the road . " Flores-Aráoz also said that Donayre 's remarks about Chileans used "  improper terms " that are not shared by the Peruvian people , Andina said . Peruvian Foreign Minister Jose Antonio García Belaunde made similar assertions last week . Peru has not taken any measures against the general . His retirement Friday is required by law at the end of his two-year appointment as the army 's top chief . Donayre has been the subject of an investigation in recent weeks concerning the use of 80,000 gallons of fuel under his control as commander of the southern military region in 2006 . Chile and Peru have a long history of animosity , having fought in the War of the Pacific from 1879 to 1883 . Hard feelings linger to this day . More recently , the two nations nearly came to war in 1975 when left-wing Peruvian leader Juan Velasco , who was backed by Cuba , wanted to invade Chile , which was led by right-wing Gen. Augusto Pinochet . The invasion was called off and Velasco was deposed in a coup a short while later . Tensions rose again when Peru discovered a Chilean spy mission , but war was averted . This year , the World Court agreed to look at an issue concerning Peruvian claims to a disputed maritime area .	Video surfaced on YouTube last week of Peruvian general 's anti-Chile remarks Gen. Edwin Donayre said Chileans in Peru would go home in coffins or body bags Donayre made the remarks in a toast at a party in 2006 or 2007 , CNN affiliate reports Peru 's president tells Chile the remarks do not reflect Peruvian policy
