Pastor Youcef Nadarkhani , the head of a network of Christian house churches in Iran , could be executed as soon as midnight Wednesday in Tehran for refusing to recant his religious beliefs and convert to Islam , said the chair of a commission that monitors religious freedom around the world . A statement by the United States Commission on International Religious Freedom , an independent advisory group appointed by the president and Congress , "  expressed deep concern " for the man 's fate . After four days of an appeals trial for apostasy , Nadarkhani refused to recant his beliefs . Leonard Leo , chair of the commission , said the pastor "  is being asked to recant a faith he has always had . Once again , the Iranian regime has demonstrated that it practices hypocritical barbarian practices . " Leo said that while the trial is closed to the press , the commission collects information from sources in Iran and around the world . A release by the group says their responsibility is to "  review the facts and circumstances of violations of religious freedom internationally . " "  I would be disappointed if at the end of this whole maelstrom , there was no statement by our government on this situation , " Leo said . "  At some point the United States has to stand up for the right of this pastor and for human rights more broadly and call countries to account for what they are doing . " The commission 's statement also called the trial a sham and said Iran is violating the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights , to which Iran is a party . Nadarkhani was first sentenced to execution in November 2010 , the commission said , and in order to avoid the death penalty , he is being asked to recant his beliefs and convert to Islam . Leo said an apostasy trial is rare in Iran ; the last occurred in 1990 . Iran 's claim stems from the pastor 's Muslim parents . According to Leo , the court needed to verify if Nadarkhani had ever been a Muslim . In order to be given what Iran looks at as the opportunity to recant his beliefs , Nadarkhani must have never been a Muslim before the age of 15 , Leo said . Because for the last four days in court he was given the opportunity , it is apparent that the Iranian court found he was never a Muslim and therefore Nadarkhani could have converted . According to a source close to the situation within the Commission on International Religious Freedom , Ayatollah Ali Khamenei , the Supreme Leader of Iran , would have to sign off on the execution . Speaking on the condition of anonymity because of the subject 's sensitivity , the source said these types of issues are always difficult with Iran because of the lack of transparency in how they make decisions on when and how to act . The source also said that in the past , political prisoners have had their prison time and punishment reduced by the Iranian government . Though they did not say that was guaranteed in this situation , the source indicated it was a possibility . The American Center for Law and Justice , a right-leaning organization founded by television evangelist Pat Robertson , reported Wednesday night that Nadarkhani 's death sentence punishment had been overturned , meaning that the pastor would be receiving a lower punishment than death . They sourced the claim to someone in Iran . Those reports could not be verified by CNN . The Permanent Mission of the Islamic Republic of Iran in the United Nations failed to comment on the ruling . Jordan Sekulow , executive director of the ACLJ , said the outcry from Christians in America has been loud and sustained . "  American Christian , like never before , are engaged in this , " Sekulow said . "  This is evidence that Christians in America over the past decade have done a better job engaging in the persecution issue . " Sekulow also said he hopes the White House or State Department will issue a statement on the issue .	Source says Iran 's supreme leader would have to sign off on execution In the past , such sentences have been reduced , source says The Christian pastor 's parents were Muslim Such apostacy trials are rare in Iran
Miami  CNN  Despite calling the case "  incredible " and the newly discovered evidence "  very intriguing , " a judge Friday ruled against overturning the conviction of a onetime wealthy businessman who 's been sitting in prison for 27 years for the killing of two people inside a downtown Miami hotel . Krishna "  Kris " Maharaj , 75 , was not in court when Judge William Thomas said , "  This court fully weighed the materiality , relevance and inconsistencies of the newly discovered evidence , and concludes that such evidence falls dramatically short of establishing that the murders were committed by anyone other than Mr. Maharaj . " The convicted killer 's family sat in the front row of the courtroom , and held each other as the judge uttered those words . Just a couple of rows behind them , the wife and mother of the victims , Derrick and Duane Moo Young , shed tears of happiness . Maharaj 's attorneys have 30 days to appeal the decision . They did not say whether they would do so . From luxury living to prison bars It was October 1986 , when police arrested Maharaj -- an international food importer and newspaper owner -- in the shooting deaths of his business partners , Derrick Moo Young and his 23-year-old son . At the time , the British citizen was living the good life in South Florida . He had owned luxury cars and horses that raced against thoroughbreds held by Queen Elizabeth II . That all came crumbling down . Despite having an alibi , Maharaj was charged with murdering the Moo Youngs because they allegedly had cheated him out of more than $ 400,000 . He was found guilty and sentenced to death -- a penalty that was later reduced to life in prison . Then , in April 2014 , Judge Thomas , of Florida 's 11th Judicial Circuit Court , granted Maharaj a chance that could open the door to freedom . A hearing was held in November to determine whether new evidence from Maharaj 's lawyers "  undermines confidence in the verdict , " according to court documents . Defense attorneys also had to establish that the new "  evidence would probably produce an acquittal or less severe sentence on retrial . " A cartel connection ? Maharaj 's lawyers said evidence suggested the murders were committed by former members of Pablo Escobar 's infamous Colombian drug cartel . In the late 1970s and early '80s , Escobar cashed in on the exploding popularity of cocaine in the United States , said reporter Mark Bowden , author of "  Killing Pablo . " Maharaj : I was framed for murders ordered by Escobar Leader of the Medellin Cartel , Escobar was responsible at one point for almost 80 % of Colombia 's cocaine exports , making him the seventh richest man in the world , Bowden told CNN . Escobar was killed in a rooftop shootout with authorities in 1993 . According to a motion filed last year by Maharaj 's attorneys , a "  Colombian drug cartel member confirmed that the Moo Young murders were committed at the behest of Pablo Escobar . " "  The Moo Youngs were laundering money for the Colombian cartels , " the defense motion said . "  This is what precipitated their murders . " An ex-cartel member confirmed that "  Maharaj was not involved in the murders of the Moo Youngs , and that they had to be eliminated because they had lost Colombian drug money , " according to the defense motion . "  We 've got several Colombian cartel people to say , ` We did the murders , ' " Maharaj defense attorney Clive Stafford Smith told CNN on the phone last June . The defense team also alleged Florida prosecutors covered up evidence in the 1987 trial that could have proved Maharaj 's innocence . The prosecution 's case Although prosecutors said they stood by the decades-old case , in a June email to CNN , a state attorney spokesman wrote , "  Now that we are re-engaged in litigation on this matter , it would be inappropriate for us to be commenting at this time . " But , in their own motion , prosecutors wrote , "  The only thing that is obvious to anyone who really looks at these fantastical allegations by the defendant is that they are empty and have no substance . " "  None of -LSB- the potential witnesses named in the defense motion -RSB- have any first hand knowledge , provide no admissible testimony or evidence and only attempt to further the nonsensical and wholly speculative theories of the defense , " the prosecution document said . The evidence against Maharaj was significant . Police found his fingerprints in the guest room at Miami 's Dupont Plaza Hotel where the shootings occurred . Maharaj said he was there for a meeting , but departed before the Moo Youngs were killed . Nineteen fingerprints found at the crime scene have never been identified , according to the defense motion . Maharaj : Then and now Maharaj told CNN 's "  Death Row Stories " that he left the hotel and drove 25 miles to Fort Lauderdale to have lunch with one of his newspaper employees . The employee signed an affidavit as an alibi witness . The restaurant manager , Ron Kisch , told "  Death Row Stories , " he remembered seeing Maharaj having lunch that day . "  It does n't seem like there 's any way possible that he could have killed people at 12 o'clock and then been in for lunch sometime between 12 and 2 , " Kisch said . Five other witnesses came forward saying Maharaj was with them on the day of the murders , "  Death Row Stories " reported . Today , Maharaj sits in a medium-security correctional facility outside Miami . He had been in poor health , according to his lawyer , although he seems to have improved . CNN 's Javier De Diego reported from Miami .	Judge in Florida rules against new murder trial After 27 years in prison , lawyers claimed new evidence could free ex-millionaire Kris Maharaj 's lawyers say he was framed for a drug-money hit ordered by Pablo Escobar Prosecutors say Maharaj shot and killed a father and son in a Miami hotel
CNN  In a side room at the American University of Nigeria , four girls chat and giggle . One teenage girl in particular catches our attention . She looks familiar . Then we realize why . We met her just a few weeks after Boko Haram had attacked her school and abducted almost 300 students . As the Boko Haram trucks carrying them began to speed away to the militants ' territory , she and her friend bravely jumped , barely escaping with their lives . She was one of the lucky ones . School , she says , from that day on became a reminder of what almost happened . A place she never wanted to return . But now she is back and the change in her is remarkable . She dreams of remaining in the classroom as a teacher , so that just like her tutors , she can influence and inspire young minds . Studying with her here are 21 other girls from Chibok . They , too , escaped Boko Haram . Like hundreds of others across Nigeria 's North East , they were targeted simply for going to school . Choosing to go back to class is a statement of their courage and focus on education , which they hope will bring change back home . "  My people need my support , " one girl says . "  And me going to school will make that change , " She wants to be a surgeon . In a part of the world often lacking the most basic health care infrastructure , she has chosen to bring value to her community . One of three students we spoke to who want to study medicine , she 's extraordinarily focused and firm in her responses . It is hard to imagine sitting with her now what she and the other girls have been through at Boko Haram 's hands , what they almost lost . Some questions , though , they ca n't answer : any questions about the night of the attack , any reference to the friends still missing . These are too hard . Enrolled on scholarships at the university , these girls are the lucky ones , and they know it . There are 46 other Chibok girls who also escaped Boko Haram , but there are no funds available to pay for their education . Dr. Margee Ensign , the school 's vice-chancellor , is hoping to change that by raising funds through the university 's foundation . "  The world paid , and rightly so , a lot of attention to the close to 300 that were kidnapped , " she says . "  We heard through various people that some had escaped that night and when it came to our attention that about a dozen wanted to come to AUN , we thought , we can do that ! " She did more then just raise the funds . When the parents agreed to release their girls into her care , she and her security director traveled -- just the two of them -- to the outskirts of Chibok to go and get the girls , in spite of the insecurity . Even on campus , though , the specter of Boko Haram is never far away . The American University is in Adamawa state , one of the states in North East Nigeria that is under a state of emergency . This calls for constant vigilance at the school : Cars are searched by hand and guards and sniffer dogs are on constant patrol . For the girls , to remain in school , they must draw upon all their reserves of courage . It is a reality these extraordinarily self-possessed young ladies softly acknowledge . When I ask how it is they are able to persevere , one girl says with a slight smile , "  I 'm very brave and determined . " She really is . All the girls are . But they 're hoping a day will come when they wo n't have to be .	Nigerian girls escaped after Boko Haram abducted them from school They hope to help their country by finishing their education
In an op-ed on CNN.com , Robert Goyer suggested that it is easy to accidentally land an airplane at the wrong airport . And he is correct . The problem is that it should n't be , especially not with the profusion of technology at a pilot 's fingertips designed to help prevent just these kinds of mistakes . No doubt Southwest 's landing at the wrong Missouri airport this week will be categorized as pilot error , as it was when a 747 crew landed at the wrong airport in Kansas in November . But labeling this all as an easy mistake or as pilot error is too simplistic . In doing so , we risk ignoring a growing threat to this nation 's and the world 's aviation safety , a growing disconnect between the technology created by our smartest engineers and technicians and the pilots who use it . Indeed , pilots sometimes ignore the technology , as Goyer and others have speculated could have been the case in the Southwest landing , while others are overwhelmed when the technology unexpectedly fails , like it did aboard the doomed Air France Flight 447 that crashed in the ocean in 2009 . America is good at fixing problems , though . When an airliner flying in the clouds on approach to Washington struck the top of a hill after descending too low , U.S. industry developed a fix : a ground proximity warning system , a talking cockpit box that alerts pilots to approaching hazards they could n't easily see . But in 2012 , a Russian airline crew demonstrating a new jet received a terrain warning -- an aural cockpit signal warning the crew they were too close to the ground -- flying around Indonesia , but ignored it , believing it was a computer error . All 44 people aboard that aircraft died when the airplane struck the side of a mountain . The computer 's warning had been real . In February 2009 , the captain of a Continental Airlines turboprop became confused when the autopilot of his airplane turned itself off while the airplane was slowing for the approach to Buffalo , New York . The pilot was so startled by the computer shutdown that he made a fatal flying mistake . He also believed the computer 's messages were a mistake . Forty-nine people in that airplane died because the pilot was wrong . All these aircraft were equipped with the latest technologies available to make flight as safe as humanly possible . And yet each time , the crew managed to figure out a way not to heed the warnings . The Southwest and the Atlas Air pilots -- and their passengers , of course -- were just lucky no one was hurt . But what about the next time ? The Southwest crew only averted disaster by a few hundred feet , narrowly missing a drop-off at the end of the runway that would surely have broken the airplane into many pieces . All these problems point to this newest threat : Pilot 's confusion about what their computers are telling them , when they look at them , that is . This speaks to complacency to some extent . It 's also well known that humans do n't handle monitoring duties very well for very long . We grow bored rather easily . But even labeling this a "  human factors " problem is too easy . Like everything in our society these days , this complacency , this disconnect between operator and computer , is not a simple black and white problem that we can fix with another electronic box or an enthusiastic chat from the boss . There 's another overriding problem preventing us from digging deeply enough into the implications of this problem : The airline industry has become a victim of its own success , with an impressive air safety record . Before last year 's crashes in San Francisco and Birmingham , Alabama , there had been not a single fatality between 2010 and 2012 . Because our record has been so good , many people inside and outside the industry , as well as legislators , regulators and certainly airline passengers may mistakenly believe that we 've solved the aviation safety problem . But just as hospital administrators would never tell patients that losing a few people now and again to infection should be considered an acceptable loss , we ca n't ignore the instances when something has come between our professional pilots and these technologies created to help save us from ourselves . And we in the industry are only now coming to believe this threat is real ourselves . A recent study delivered to the FAA about automation confusion highlights some of these problems , but offered no timeline to solve them . Passengers also need to advocate for their own safety by writing to their legislators , airline CEOs and regulators demanding that the automation confusion issue be put on the front burner now . Like our pilots , aviation safety 's threats are sending us warning messages . But right now we do n't seem to be listening .	Robert Mark : Writer suggested it 's easy to land jet at wrong airport . True , with a caveat Southwest landing joins similar cases from recent years . These should raise alarm , he says He says pilots often failed to heed what computer was telling them . Complacency a threat Mark : Fliers should demand "  automation confusion " be put on regulators ' front-burner
CNN  -- What if everything you thought you knew about education was wrong ? What if students learn more quickly on their own , working in teams , than in a classroom with a teacher ? What if tests and discipline get in the way of the learning process rather than accelerate it ? Those are the questions Sugata Mitra has been asking since the late 1990s , and for which he was awarded the $ 1 million TED Prize in February at the TED2013 conference . Mitra , professor of educational technology at Newcastle University , won the prize for his concept of "  self organized learning environments , " an alternative to traditional schooling that relies on empowering students to work together on computers with broadband access to solve their own problems , with adults intervening to provide encouragement and admiration , rather than top-down instruction . Watch Sugata Mitra 's TED Prize talk Mitra 's work with students in India has gained wide attention and was the focus of a 2010 TED Talk on his "  hole in the wall " experiment , showing the potential of computers to jump-start learning without any adult intervention . Coming to education trained as a physicist , Mitra said he was encouraged by his boss to start teaching people how to write computer programs . When he bought his first personal computer , he was surprised to find that his 6-year-old son was able to tell him how to fix problems he had operating the machine . He thought his son was a genius , but then heard his friends saying the same thing about their children . Thinking about children living in slums in New Delhi , he said , "  It ca n't be possible that our sons are geniuses and they are not . " Mitra set up a publicly accessible computer along the lines of a bank ATM , behind a glass barrier , and told children they could use it , with no further guidance . TED.com : Sugata Mitra 's five favorite TED Talks on education They soon learned to browse the Web in English , even though they lacked facility in the language . To prove the experiment would work in an isolated environment , he set up another "  hole in the wall " computer in a village 300 miles away . After a while , "  one of the kids was saying we need a faster processor and a better mouse . " When the head of the World Bank came to see the experiment , Mitra said he encouraged him to go to the New Delhi slum and see for himself . After spending time with the children , bank President James Wolfensohn "  came back and put his hand on my shoulder and said , ` How much ? ' " Mitra said he received $ 1.5 million , which allowed him to press on with experiments in India , Cambodia and Africa , finding self-organized learning worked to improve English-language pronunciation , reading comprehension and even the basics of DNA replication . Mitra said the traditional system of education is largely based on the necessities created by Britain 's colonial empire in which a vast amount of territory had to be governed by people writing things on paper and sending them around the world on ships . Schools turned out clerks who functioned as interchangeable parts in a vast bureaucracy where the skills of reading , writing and arithmetic were key . He argues that today 's world needs a new system in which the role of computers in aiding learning is paramount . TED.com : A Q&A with Sugata Mitra To help speed learning , Mitra has recruited hundreds of "  grannies , " volunteers from the United Kingdom , many of them retired teachers , who function more in the role of "  grandparents " than teachers , skypeing into learning environments around the world , encouraging students to do their best and praising their achievements . With the TED Prize money , Mitra intends to build a laboratory , most likely in India , where he can test his theories through experiments that supplement schoolwork . He likens it to a "  safe cybercafe for children " where they can strengthen their English skills , which can be a route to economic advancement . Mitra said he does n't think teachers are obsolete but suggests their roles may be changing as students increasingly have access to self-learning through computers . And he argues that his self-organized teams may be an alternative to regular schools in places where teachers may not be available . Traditional education stresses tests and punishments , two things that Mitra said causes the brain to shut down its rational processes and surrender to fear . Adopting a method closer to that of grandparents , who shower children with admiration , is "  the opposite of the parent method , " which relies on threats , Mitra said . Note : A version of this article was originally published on February 27 , 2013 .	Education expert Sugata Mitra received $ 1 million TED Prize Mitra says his research shows the learning power of self-organized student teams He says instruction need not be top down and the role of teachers is shifting He hopes to use prize money to build a lab to test his ideas about learning
Madrid , Spain  CNN  -- Did Real Madrid , FC Barcelona and five other Spanish football clubs get unfair advantage over their rivals through various government support measures potentially worth millions of dollars ? That 's what the European Commission wants to know , and it announced in Brussels , Belgium , on Wednesday an "  in-depth investigation into public funding of certain " clubs . "  Professional football clubs should finance their running costs and investments with sound financial management rather than at the expense of the taxpayer , " European Commission Vice President Joaquin Almunia said in a prepared statement . "  Member States and public authorities must comply with EU rules on state aid in this sector as in all economic sectors , " said Almunia , a Spaniard who is reportedly an avid fan of Spanish football . The seven clubs under investigation are Real Madrid , FC Barcelona , Athletic de Bilbao , Osasuna  of Pamplona  , Valencia , Hercules  of Alicante  and Elche . Spanish Foreign Minister Jose Manuel Garcia-Margallo said Monday that all the operations analyzed were in accord with Spanish law and that he expects the investigation to end once European officials get more information . Garcia-Margallo on Monday made public the inquiry , two days before Brussels officially announced it . Spanish media reported that the seven clubs either professed innocence or had no immediate comment . The EC will first investigate "  possible tax privileges for Real Madrid , FC Barcelona , Athletic de Bilbao and Osasuna , " Almunia 's statement said . These four clubs are not private companies but instead have key decisions , such as the election of club president , done by their thousands of season-ticket holders . They were "  exempted from the general obligation for professional football clubs to convert into sport limited companies " and currently have a lower tax rate than other clubs , the statement said . In a separate inquiry , the EC "  will assess whether a widely reported land transfer between the City of Madrid and the club Real Madrid involved any state aid in favor of the club , " the statement said . The land swap involved Real Madrid 's old training grounds , near its home Bernabeu stadium , which became the site of four office and hotel skyscrapers , while the training ground was moved farther from downtown , near the airport . "  This swap was based on a re-evaluation of a plot of land at a value of 22.7 million euros , instead of its earlier supposed value , in 1998 , of 595,000 euros , " the EC statement said . The investigation will also look into state-backed loans of about 110 million euros to three clubs operating in the Valencia region -- Valencia , Hercules and Elche , the statement said . It will look into whether the alleged activities provided "  advantages to specific clubs that carry out economic activities in the EU internal market , " the statement said .	EC seeks to know if government support gave the clubs an unfair advantage over rivals It announces "  in-depth investigation into public funding of certain " clubs Spain 's foreign minister says all the operations analyzed complied with Spanish law Inquiries will look at "  possible tax privileges , " land transfer , state-backed loans
CNN  -- An Arizona mayor is comparing a Border Patrol proposal to put razor wire on portions of the U.S.-Mexico border fence to building the Berlin Wall . "  We 've had a black eye because everybody is using the border as a political issue , " Nogales Mayor Arturo Garino said . The proposal , according to Garino , would put concertina wire on top of the 20-foot-high fence to the east and west of town . "  Tucson Sector Border Patrol is considering a proposed deployment of concertina wire in the Nogales area , " Border Patrol spokesman Brent Cagen wrote in an e-mail . "  Currently this proposal is still under review . Specifics concerning this proposal are unavailable at this time . " Should the U.S. be more like Mexico ? Nogales is a major trade hub on the border , abutting the Mexican state of Sonora . It is considered part of the Border Patrol 's Tucson Sector , which consists of 262 miles stretching from the Arizona-New Mexico border to Yuma County , near Lukeville . Garino , a former law enforcement officer and member of the Southwest Border Task Force , praised the Border Patrol for the "  tremendous " decrease in drug and human trafficking in southern Arizona . But he said that adding razor wire will negatively affect international trade . "  I strongly believe we do n't need it , " he said . "  It 's an eyesore . It 's a dangerous thing . We need to build relations with Sonora and Mexico . Let 's become a power in the world economy . " Victor Brabble , public affairs manager for U.S. Customs and Border Protection , said Garino 's concerns will be taken into account before a final decision is made . "  We are consulting with community leaders to evaluate the economic , environmental , political , and social implications our proposals may have on the communities we serve , " he wrote in an e-mail . House GOP split over immigration reform Nogales City Councilman John Doyle , a Nogales native , echoed Garino 's opposition to the proposal and said he was shocked to learn about it . "  We 've always been the home of the brave , and now we are living in fear , " he said . Nogales officials will meet with Homeland Security personnel this week to continue reviewing the proposal , which is being considered as a deterrent to would-be illegal crossers , Garino said . "  Right now , it 's a proposal , " he said . "  But if somebody says ` yes , ' it 's going up . " Garino also grew up in Nogales and said he thinks the best deterrent is increased manpower . Agents should be reassigned from checkpoints and interior bases to the border , he said . "  Bring the Border Patrol to the border and have them do their jobs . " ` The Bridge ' brings U.S.-Mexico border tensions to TV	Razor wire could be placed atop the border fence near Nogales , Arizona The area is considered part of the Border Patrol 's Tucson Sector The Tucson Sector is a major drug and human trafficking corridor Mayor , a Nogales native , serves on Southwest Border Task Force
CNN  -- For nearly a decade , a Danish bank has been recognized by the Great Place to Work Institute as one of the best small to medium sized companies to work for in Europe . Situated near the quiet coastline on the island of Fyn , Middelfart Sparekasse has an unusual approach to people management that experts say is worth noting . Coaching , self-directed leadership and personal growth are not usually words associated with financial institutions , but to this bank 's 200 or so employees they are key , and the business operates under the assumption that everyone comes to work wanting to do their best , virtually eliminating the need for any oversight . Sound utopian ? Perhaps , but managing director of human resources , Knud Herbert Soerensen says it works . "  You 'd be amazed what happens once people are empowered to make decisions . " Under the concept of self-directed leadership , every employee is coached to resolve 100 % of their work on their own , sometimes by making substantial monetary decisions without asking for help . "  It forces people to step into character , " says Soerensen , "  And they do . Our employee satisfaction is very high , and for customers it means a highly individual treatment . There 's no one solution and we believe the only way to treat people the same is by treating them differently . As a result , 80 % of new customers come to us through referrals . " The bank was a leader in the use of Neuro Linguistic Programming  NLP  as a coaching tool . It began with a simple chat between Soerensen and managing director , Hans Erik Broenserud in 1999 . "  We were wondering why we ended up in top positions at the bank , " says Soerensen . "  None of us were particularly clever in school , so we agreed that something else must have played a part . Then we questioned why two employees with the same qualifications and training were not getting the same results , and we realized that those who succeeded had something extra : A will to succeed , a type of robustness if you will , and a belief in themselves that they were capable . And we thought we could train people to do this . " They did and they do . Today , all new employees at the bank go through an NLP seminar and a self-directed leadership seminar . They train employees in empathy , stress management , and personal self-development , and they keep a coach on staff . Randi Rude , the bank 's NLP master coach and HR director says it makes a tremendous positive difference . "  It helps keep our employees really engaged and motivated . It keeps our sickness rates well below industry average , and it helps our leaders clarify their strategies , among many other things , " he says . "  I think the biggest bang from coaching produces more of what I call "  Professional Human Beings , " says Ginger Jenks , owner of Magellan Enterprises in the U.S. and coach to several CEOs and clients in Fortune 500 companies . "  These are people who are continuously upgrading and learning , pushing their potential and that of the organization . " The Great Place to Work Institute publishes lists of best places to work . It has been comparing thousand of global workplaces for years , and its research reveals more and more coaching in companies . "  Fundamentally though , it 's about respect and about helping people find work-life balance and deal with stress , says managing director for Denmark , Ditte Vigsoe , "  It has to be a serious commitment . " Flemming Poulfeldt , Professor of management at the Copenhagen Business School agrees . "  Self-directed leadership does n't mean less leadership . On the contrary , it demands strong leaders to create a framework of support for employees to reach their full potential . Whether you call that coaching or something else , I think we 'll see more of it . " Jenks says she is seeing much more of it . "  Sixteen years ago when I said ` I 'm a coach ' , people would ask , ` what sport ? ' It 's part of the corporate lexicon now . Coaching is about the development of human potential - savvy companies get that that 's a true competitive advantage . " Middelfart Sparekassen executives now speak to companies big and small about the bank 's approach . But can this really work in larger companies ? Soerensen says absolutely . A few years ago when he discovered that the Banco Real Sao Paulo in Brazil was using nearly the same approach as his bank , he arranged a visit to interview the leadership and employees . "  It was a company of 29,000 employees at the time , " he says , "  and I had goosebumps at how similar their positive results and employee and customer feedback was to ours . So yes , it can most definitely work . "	A Danish bank has repeatedly been recognised as one of Europe 's best places to work The bank coaches its employees in self directed leadership The strategy is shown to have kept its staff engaged and motivated
SEOUL , South Korea  CNN  -- As a symbol of national pride and success , South Korea and Manchester United midfielder Park Ji-Sung , carries more weight on his shoulders than the need to perform . South Korea 's Park Ji-Sung celebrates after at the 2006 World Cup against France . Park , once rejected from his country 's own K-League , is now considered the ambassador of Korean football . A responsibility he seems to able carry . "  I want to push my way through Manchester United 's star players and put my name on the list of the best 11 team . Park Ji-Sung talks to CNN "  I want to show the world how good Korean players are by playing well in the top flight , " Park wrote in his book "  Neverending Challenge " before he joined United . Park 's autobiography , which illustrates his life as a football player since he started out at the age of ten , became a bestseller after being published in 2006 . It is no surprise . Park is a celebrity in South Korea and is swamped with fans wherever he goes . His hometown , Suwon , near to Seoul , built a park and named a road after Park to commemorate him becoming the first Premier League-r in South Korean history . Park may even become the first Asian to win a Championship League medal after this season . Nicknamed "  Three-lung Park " for his seemingly overflowing energy supply , the South Korean papers plaster their front pages with Park if he scores and give out the smallest details of how many minutes he ran in each match . But Park 's football career had not really drawn much attention until the recent years . He was mostly unknown to the public until he scored the winning goal to defeat Portugal in the 2002 World Cup in which South Korea reached the semifinals for the first time ever . "  People like him because there 's a touching story behind him , " football commentator Park Moon Sung at SBS , one of Korea 's major broadcasters , said . "  They can see how this player , who never really got much attention , is maturing over the years . " The South Korea player , after receiving no calls from the K-League , started his professional career in Japan with Kyoto Purple in 2000 . It was only after the 2002 World Cup that he joined PSV Eindhoven and proceeded to join Manchester United in 2005 . Park has so far managed to keep his private life out of spotlight , most likely due to his quiet personality , a quality that is also reflected in his performances . "  He 's someone who pumps energy into the entire team . He 's not like a magician who can save the team from its worst moments with dazzling skills , " the SBS commentator said . "  It 's more like he plays for the others and brings the team together which is something very much needed in a team like Manchester United with all its stars . " Park 's joining of Manchester United has enriched the football culture in Korea . Many who started watching European games because of Park have now become avid fans . "  I would like Park Ji-Sung to become a symbol of challenge for all Koreans , " 30-year-old Kim Young Woo , who is a great fan of Park , said . Kim said he admires Park for never giving up and admits to watching at least 70 percent of all Manchester United games even if it means staying up until three in the morning on weekdays . "  I think young people will look at him and tell themselves that they want to take on challenges , too , " Kim said . Something Park wants to see as well . The midfielder signed on a deal to build a Park Ji-Sung football center in his hometown fully equipped with training areas and football fields . He believes there should be a better future for Korean football .	Park scored the winning goal against Portugal in the 2002 World Cup Played for PSV Eindhoven before joining Manchester United The midfielder plans to build a Park Ji-Sung football center in his hometown
CNN  -- Two Gonzaga University students could be suspended or even expelled after using a handgun to defend themselves from an intruder in their university-owned apartment , an act which the university says violates the school 's weapons policy . Gonzaga University , a private , four-year university in Spokane , Washington , says the students violated the school 's weapons policy by having firearms in their apartment , which is in a complex near the campus . On the night of October 24 , students Erik Fagan and Daniel McIntosh were in their apartment when there was a knock on the door . Fagan told CNN affiliate KXLY in Spokane that he opened the door and a stranger , who said he 'd just gotten out of jail , asked for $ 15 . Fagan told KXLY he offered the man a blanket and a can of food , but "  did n't feel comfortable " giving the man money because he was a stranger . "  My gut instinct was telling me I was n't going to be able to get that door closed before he came through , " Fagan told KXLY . As the man started coming through the door , Fagan said , he yelled for his roommate , Daniel McIntosh . McIntosh said he came to the door with his pistol drawn , and the students said the man turned and ran away . Because the apartments are owned by Gonzaga , both police and campus security responded when Fagan and McIntosh called 911 . According to the Gonzaga 's Executive Vice President Earl Martin , all university housing is patrolled at regular intervals by campus security , though this particular apartment complex is n't gated and secured key cards or codes are n't required for entrance . A short while after the incident , police captured the man , whom they identified as a six-time convicted felon . At about 2 a.m. , campus security officers returned to Fagan and McIntosh 's apartment and confiscated a pistol and a shotgun from the apartment . Dean Chuang , attorney for Fagan and McIntosh , said the shotgun is owned by Fagan , who uses it to hunt periodically , and it was n't used in the incident . He added that the pistol that was used in the incident belonged to McIntosh , and was a gift to him from his grandfather several years ago . McIntosh has a state-issued permit to carry a concealed handgun , Chuang said . In Washington state , gun owners are not required to register their weapons . In a disciplinary board hearing on Friday , the board , made up of three faculty members and two students , found Fagan and McIntosh guilty of two infractions -- possessing weapons on school grounds and putting others in danger by the use of weapons , according to Chuang . Chuang told CNN the students expect to hear later this week what disciplinary action will be taken by the board . Fagan and McIntosh both face suspension or expulsion . Both are seniors and have exemplary records , Chuang said . Meantime , Fagan and McIntosh have asked university security to return their firearms , but that has n't yet happened . According to Chuang , one of the students had never lived in campus housing and was unaware of the school 's weapons policy . The other , he said , was aware of the policy but did n't think it applied to him because the apartment is n't on campus . "  They had the right to defend themselves and others , regardless of what the policy says , " Chuang told CNN . Though the university could n't talk about specifics of this case due to privacy laws , Martin said , "  I 'm not aware of other instances like this in particular . " The policy , which is on the university 's official website , states that weapons , which includes firearms , are prohibited "  at any location on campus , or within University residences . " In a statement released Saturday by university President Thayne McCulloh , there have been calls for a re-examination of the university 's policies relating to firearms . McCulloh said in the release he believes this is an opportunity for the university community to objectively re-examine the policy and "  openly debate perspectives and contextual issues . " McCulloh 's statement said he has asked the Vice President for Student Development to work with several campus organizations to "  facilitate a campus dialogue focused on this issue . " Meantime , he added , the current student handbook and code of conduct remain in effect . Louisiana kidnap victim 's cousin kicks down door , shoots and kills abductor CNN 's Rick Martin and Jackie Castillo contributed to this story	Gonzaga University says students could be kicked out for violating the school 's weapons policy Erik Fagan and Daniel McIntosh used a pistol to scare away a convicted felon from their apartment The apartment is not on campus but is owned by the university In a disciplinary hearing , the students were found guilty of two infractions of school policy , their attorney said
CNN  -- Stepping into the New York office of fashion mogul Tory Burch , one ca n't help but notice the positive energy in the room . Elegant yet cozy , substantial yet relaxed , the space brims with creative spirit . Credit can be given to any number of factors , from the artfully layered furnishings to the welcoming personality of Burch herself . But she is quick to give due recognition . "  I work with a feng shui master , " she says , seated in an armchair that is positioned , according to said consultant , to yield a particularly auspicious flow of harmonious life forces . Good vibrations have always been central to the Tory Burch brand , whose twist on preppy style makes cheerful use of classic hues and graphic patterns . In the ten years since the label 's launch , it has expanded from a single Manhattan boutique into a global empire , with more than 120 outposts -- a Milan flagship is next -- and collections of clothing , cosmetics , home accessories , and more . This October the company will debut a line of watches as well as release its first book , Tory Burch : In Color  Abrams  . Reflecting on this rapid growth , Burch remarks , "  I could never have imagined . " Architectural Digest : Bette Midler 's Jaw-Dropping NYC Penthouse Another constant throughout the brand 's history has been Daniel Romualdez , the AD100 architect and designer responsible for the stores ' famously ebullient decor . When Burch relocated the firm to its current headquarters , in the city 's Flatiron neighborhood , she immediately called upon Romualdez to collaborate on her own suite  comprising an office and waiting area  as well as the company 's reception spaces . "  Daniel makes the process so much fun , " she says . The feeling is decidedly mutual . According to Romualdez , who helped decorate Burch 's Manhattan and Hamptons homes , too , "  Tory is a dream . She knows exactly what she wants , but she also lets you run with an idea . " Architectural Digest : Elton John 's Beverly Hills Home In the case of Burch 's new work space , what she desired was a setting that stayed true to her brand 's retail concepts while adapting its signature look into something personal , almost residential . Certain details are direct references to the boutiques . The oak wall paneling , for instance , is based on woodwork used at the label 's Madison Avenue location , while the X-base stools and Louis XVI -- style side chairs are variations on those installed at many of the outposts . For the most part , however , the array skews toward unique pieces , with family photos and pedigreed furnishings alongside treasured keepsakes from her travels . Particularly fine are the matching bookshelf and desk -- 1960s designs by Howard Dilday for Count Rodolfo Crespi 's bedroom at Palazzo Odescalchi in Rome . Burch admired the set and snatched it up from antiques dealer Gerald Bland . Architectural Digest : Incredibly Designed Vineyards "  With Tory , it 's about honoring her taste at that moment , " Romualdez says . "  Her aesthetic is always evolving . " But some elements stay the same . The combination of blue and white is a leitmotif , appearing here in various configurations , from an antique mirror framed in crystal and cobalt-blue glass to the wall-mounted collection of china . "  Porcelain has always been a passion , " Burch says . "  I was raised around it . " Architectural Digest : Gorgeous Childrens ' Rooms Across the room , another soupçon of Burch 's childhood has been given pride of place . Displayed on a brass-and-rattan side table is a vintage edition of Antoine de Saint-Exupéry 's novella The Little Prince . "  It 's been a favorite book of mine since I was little , " she says , adding , "  there are also such relevant themes for adults -- how you treat people , how you shape your outlook on life . " They are lessons Burch applies at her company , making social responsibility part of its mission . In 2009 she established a foundation dedicated to the empowerment of female entrepreneurs , offering mentoring programs , business education , and access to low-cost capital . As the Tory Burch brand continues to advance , its founder 's office is graciously equipped to meet all challenges . "  We have so many meetings here , everything from finance to fittings , " she notes . "  People come in and out all day . This is the hub . " Reprinted with permission of Conde Nast .	Fashion mogul Tory Burch enjoys a harmonious working environment She worked with a feng shui master to achieve the right flow Details of Burch 's retail spaces are echoed in the company 's offices ` The Little Prince ' is a favorite book of hers and it is displayed prominently
CNN  -- A man whose left arm was bitten off by a 600-pound alligator is fortunate to be alive , thanks in part to five nurses picnicking nearby . The alligator was killed and the man 's arm was removed from its belly , officials said . Bill Hedden , 59 , was snorkeling in a South Carolina lake on Sunday when the 12-foot-long gator attacked , according to witnesses . "  Suddenly we had commotion and we saw a guy right here . He 's bleeding profusely . We thought he was just kidding , " witness Jerome Bien told CNN affiliate WCSC-TV in Charleston . Capt. Bill Salisbury of the Berkeley County Rescue Squad said the victim "  was able to run up the bank to a picnic area , where a lot of people were . They saw what was happening and called 911 . " Watch nurses describe how they helped victim " Among the group nearby at Lake Moultrie were five registered nurses , who were able to put ice on his wound and keep him awake until paramedics could arrive , CNN affiliate WSOC-TV . "  One of the ... -LSB- nurses kept -RSB- on encouraging him to breathe and because he was turning blue , " nurse Jo Masauding told WCSC-TV . "  He was very conscious and asking for his wife , to call his wife , to make sure she knew what happened to him , " Masauding said . Hedden was taken to the Medical University of South Carolina , where he was reported to be in critical condition . Department of Natural Resources officers killed the alligator , and Salisbury said Hedden 's arm was retrieved from the gator 's belly , put on ice and taken to the hospital . Doctors were evaluating whether it could be reattached . Wildlife officials said it was one of the worst gator attacks in the state , WSOC reported . E-mail to a friend	Bill Hedden , 59 , was snorkeling in a South Carolina lake when the gator attacked Among picnickers were 5 nurses who treated victim Gator killed , arm removed from stomach for possible reattachment
CNN  -- A line of angry protesters waving signs and wearing scows formed a ring around the front entrance of the Daily News ' headquarters . They took turns at the bullhorn accusing the paper of everything from libel to genocide . They did n't bring a list of demands ; they were n't looking to negotiate . They had one goal : to shut the paper down forever . "  We 're going to march until the walls come down , " one shouted . Employees who would normally head out the revolving door to one of the lunch trucks along Broad street developed a taste for cafeteria food that day . Not Chuck Stone . Stone , senior editor of the newspaper they had pledged to kill , walked out the front entrance and met their scows with a broad smile . Picketers committed to the complete destruction of the Daily News returned his smile or nodded in recognition as they passed him . A few even shook his hand . I 'll never forget that scene . It was , at once , improbable yet typical of a man who was as comfortable in the salons of power as he was in the embrace of the disadvantaged . Chuck was the last man you 'd pick out of a lineup of guys suspected of aiding and abetting dangerous felons . In his horn-rimmed glasses , hand-tied , silk bowties and graying crew cut , he looked like a grown-up version of the nerds that tough guys used to beat up to burnish their reps. But fugitives who were wanted for vicious assaults and heinous crimes would call Chuck before they called their lawyers . In a town where some cops were known to administer curbside justice , surrendering to Chuck Stone was a way to keep from having their faces rearranged on the way to jail . At least 75 fugitives did just that over Stone 's 19-year career . In 1981 , he negotiated the release of six prison guards being held hostage by a band of armed inmates whose leader was doing life for killing a cop . Prisoners guards and a remarkably composed Chuck Stone emerged unscathed from the two-day ordeal . His departure in 1991 ended a 19-year run as the most influential columnist in town . Chuck 's courtly manners and air of refinement could disarm the unwary . But the Daily News knew what they were getting when they hired him in 1972 . Newsweek magazine had once dubbed him "  the angry man of the negro press . " Philadelphia was a target-rich environment in 1972 . Frank Rizzo , a former police commissioner who had once left a formal dinner in a tuxedo to supervise the public strip search of a group of unarmed Black Panthers , had been elected mayor . Chuck began his Daily News tenure in time to see four City Council members , including the city council president get ensnared in the Abscam net . In a one-party town where an inbred Democratic machine reigned supreme , Chuck Stone was like a kid in a candy shop . He attacked police brutality , political corruption , the chronic failure of public schools and institutional injustice twice a week in the Daily News and weekly on his aptly-named TV show , "  On Target " . He was the Daily News ' first black columnist . But he never saw color when he was looking through his gun sights . He described Wilson W. Goode , the city 's first black mayor , as a "  paternalistic ferret . " When State Rep. Dwight Evans was the most-powerful black politician in the state capital , Stone called him "  an oleaginous eel . " The English language was a sharp tool in his hands . He described one of his targets as a "  retromingent , " a term for an animal who urinates backward . But he could be effusive in praise . He originated the George Fencl Award , an honor named for a cop known for the kind of firm but fair police work which Stone advocated . His death on April 6 at age 89 ended a lifetime of service . He was trained as a Tuskegee Airman in a segregated U.S. Army in WWII . He had worked overseas for an international aid organization in the '50s . In the '60s , he was a special assistant to U.S. Rep. Adam Clayton Powell , Jr. and later authored three books . He ended his career as a professor of Journalism at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill , before retiring five years ago . Perhaps his most lasting legacy is as a founder of the National Association of Black Journalists . Les Payne , a Pulitizer Prize-winning columnist and NABJ co-founder once described him as the first amongst equals in founding NABJ . "  There were a lot of us in the room , " Payne told me . "  But Chuck was the one holding the clipboard . " Join us on Facebook.com / CNNOpinion .	Elmer Smith remembers Chuck Stone , legendary Philadelphia journalist , who died April 6 Stone was known as a thorn in the side of police and an advocate for the little guy Stone was a Tuskegee Airman and a founder of National Association of Black Journalists
CNN  -- Opposition to the Keystone XL pipeline , which would move crude oil from the Alberta oil sands in Canada to refineries on the Gulf Coast if approved by President Barack Obama , has long relied on questionable information about our project and the Canadian oil sands . A CNN op-ed by Tom Steyer has made some claims that need to be disputed . He and other opponents insist oil transported by Keystone XL is destined for export . Nothing could be further from the truth . The reality , as TransCanada Corp. . CEO Russ Girling has said , is not a drop of the oil transported through Keystone would be exported -- period . When he was asked at a news conference whether Keystone oil would be exported , Girling said : "  Not a chance . Not in my lifetime . I have talked to every one of our customers , both producers and refiners , I 've asked them the question again : ` Do you have any intent of shipping any of this crude oil offshore ? ' And the answer is absolutely not . " Opponents also say the pipeline is not safe for the environment , but the undeniable reality is the science demonstrating Keystone XL is a safe and environmentally responsible project . The State Department 's final supplemental environmental impact statement is a culmination of more than five years and contains 20,000 pages of analysis , with input from more than two dozen state and federal agencies . The environmental and market issues have been exhaustively reviewed and concerns debunked . The impact statement explicitly states that building Keystone XL is unlikely to significantly impact the rate of extraction in the oil sands based on expected oil prices , oil-sands supply costs , transport costs and supply-demand scenarios . Nor will Keystone XL affect "  the continued demand for heavy crude oil at refineries in the United States ... " And when it comes to producing heavy crude , the State Department impact statement recognizes that only oil sands production trends downward on carbon intensity . Canada emits just 2 % of global greenhouse gases , and the emissions from oil sands contribute 0.16 % to global emissions . For context , three coal-fired power plants in the United States emit more greenhouse gases than the entire oil sands industry . With regard to rail , the impact statement was abundantly clear that the expansion of rail facilities will be able to transport the capacity of Keystone XL and then some . Nearly 1.2 million barrels per day of rail loading capacity , about 1.5 times the size of Keystone XL , will be available to move Canadian crude oil to markets by the end of 2015 . The latest U.S. Energy Information Agency energy forecast shows the United States will import millions of barrels of oil for decades during its transition to a lower carbon future . The responsible thing to do for the environment , the economy and the public is to build the safest , most efficient infrastructure to transport it . At TransCanada , we 're investing billions of dollars in renewable and emission-less energy sources in North America , including wind , solar , hydro and nuclear power to bring clean energy to millions of homes across the continent . We 're also focused on upgrading U.S. energy infrastructure so that during the transition , the United States can get more of its oil from a trusted ally : Canada . That 's the responsible path forward and why Keystone XL continues to enjoy strong public , congressional , labor and business support -- and why this project continues to be in the United States ' national interest . We urge Obama to give a green light to the Keystone . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Alexander J. Pourbaix .	Alexander Pourbaix says opponents are wrong on Keystone XL pipeline He says contrary to what opponents say , "  not a drop " of Keystone oil will be exported Pourbaix : State Department study has debunked concerns over environment and market He says during transition to new energy sources , U.S. should get its oil from a trusted nation
CNN  -- Tropical Cyclone Mahasen jogged northward Thursday prior to striking the coast of Bangladesh , averting the widespread disaster that government authorities had prepared for . Still , at least 12 people were killed , thousands of thatched houses were damaged and trees uprooted , the state news agency said . "  The situation is turning normal and the people have started returning home after some 200,000 people took overnight refuge at cyclone shelters at Barisal Division , " divisional commissioner of Barisal Mohammad Nurul Amin told Bangladesh Sangbad Sangstha  BSS  . "  The damage was not that much what we feared , and people who took shelters have already started moving to their houses as the weather is becoming almost normal , " he said . Bangladeshi authorities had relocated hundreds of thousands of people in vulnerable areas to safer ground ahead of the storm 's arrival . The storm 's strongest gusts reached 90 kph  56 mph  , weaker than a hurricane , BSS said . Authorities had suspended port activities at Chittagong , a major transport and commercial hub , and canceled all flights to and from the city 's airport . The United Nations Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs had warned that Mahasen could put millions of people in the surrounding region at risk . On Wednesday , aid agencies and local authorities scrambled to prepare residents and to put emergency supplies in position . Bangladeshi authorities relocated at least half a million people from the coastal districts of southeastern Bangladesh , the top administrative officer of Chittagong Division said . Authorities prepared thousands of buildings as cyclone shelters . The OCHA put the number of people ordered to relocate by the Bangladeshi government at 1 million nationwide . There was reason for the caution : In 1970 , Cyclone Bhola killed some 400,000 people , according to the OCHA . Cyclone Sidr killed nearly 4,000 people in 2007 , and Cyclone Aila killed about 200 people in 2009 . A vulnerable group in Myanmar Relocation efforts have also proved challenging in Myanmar 's western state of Rakhine , which borders Bangladesh . On Rakhine 's coast , Myanmar authorities and relief agencies worked to relocate tens of thousands of Muslims who had been living in makeshift camps in low-lying areas since last year , when their homes were destroyed in sectarian violence . Most of them are Rohingya , a stateless Muslim minority who suffered during decades of military rule in Myanmar . Sectarian violence erupted last year in Rakhine between Buddhists and Muslims , resulting in the deaths of scores of people , most of them Rohingya . Since then , more than 100,000 Muslims have been forced to live in camps . In a report last month , the advocacy group Human Rights Watch accused Myanmar authorities of involvement in a Buddhist campaign of "  ethnic cleansing " against the Rohingya in Rakhine . The Myanmar government dismissed the report as "  one-sided . " The efforts to relocate some of the displaced Rohingya living in the camps appear to have been hindered by distrust of the security forces involved . On Monday night , a boat ferrying people from one camp in Rakhine to safer areas hit rocks and capsized , the OCHA said , citing the government . Fifty-eight people were missing and an unspecified number died , the agency said . CNN 's Brian Walker and journalist Farid Ahmed contributed to this report .	NEW : "  The situation is turning normal , " a Bangladeshi official says NEW : At least 12 people were killed Hundreds of thousands of people had been relocated to safer areas
CNN  -- Together they shared an all-conquering season at Inter Milan , now Jose Mourinho and Samuel Eto'o are to be reunited in London . The Cameroon striker will get his first taste of the English Premier League at the age of 32 after joining Chelsea from Anzhi Makhachkala . Eto'o reportedly became the highest paid player in the world when he moved to the Russian club in 2011 but is the latest high-profile departure in the club 's fire sale . Anzhi announced their intention to cut costs earlier this month , with Willian joining Chelsea on Wednesday for a deal reported to be worth $ 46.5 million . Now Eto'o has followed the Brazilian to London in a move which means Wayne Rooney 's much-touted switch to Stamford Bridge from English champions Manchester United looks increasingly unlikely . During their time at Inter , Mourinho and Eto'o won Serie A , the Italian Cup , and the European Champions League . Eto'o arrives at Chelsea as a four-time African Player of the Year . "  I am very happy to be here but also anxious because I want to get playing as soon as possible , " he told Chelsea 's official website . "  It was n't a hard decision . I saw the qualities Chelsea have , and I was very happy with Jose Mourinho before , so when the opportunity came , I was very happy to take it . " Eto'o 's career took off when he joined Spanish giants Barcelona in 2004 , as he won three league titles and lifted the Champions League twice . He found the net 152 times in 232 appearances for the Catalan club before he left to join Inter in 2009 . His move to Anzhi came as a surprise when it was announced in 2011 , with reports claiming he was on a salary of $ 464,000 a week . At the start of this month , the club said they would be aiming to save between $ 50-70 million dollars a year and sacked coach Rene Meulensteen after just two games in charge . Eto'o is the latest in a line of high profile signings Chelsea have made since Mourinho returned to the club . German international Andre Schurrle , Australian goalkeeper Mark Schwarzer , Croatia striker Stipe Perica and Dutch midfielder Marco van Ginkel have all arrived , leaving Mourinho with a wealth of options .	English club Chelsea confirm the signing of Cameroon striker Samuel Eto'o Eto'o joins from Russian club Anzhi Makhachkala on a one-year contract Striker spent a season under Chelsea coach Jose Mourinho at Inter Milan
Concepcion , Chile  CNN  -- The death toll from Saturday 's 8.8-magnitude earthquake in Chile reached 795 on Tuesday , the president 's office said . Officials say the tally likely will increase in coming days as search-and-rescue crews dig into collapsed buildings and discover more bodies . While that work continued , officials also dealt with another pressing problem : looting and lawlessness in the city of Concepcion and other areas of central and southern Chile . Authorities said they would enforce a curfew from 6 p.m. Tuesday until noon Wednesday . Speaking at a Tuesday morning news conference , President Michelle Bachelet said mayhem will not be allowed . "  We have seen images that are , frankly , intolerable , " Bachelet said . "  We want to make it clear that it wo n't be accepted . " The government will "  apply the full force of the law , " she said . The president 's comments came after another restless night in Concepcion , where looters openly ransacked stores in front of soldiers standing guard nearby and neighborhood residents have set up armed security committees . The unrest broke out as thousands of desperate residents in southern and central Chile remained without food , water , electricity , gas and other basic services in the wake of the earthquake . More than 13,000 soldiers were being dispatched to secure order , Bachelet said . A CNN crew witnessed looters being arrested Tuesday and observed that more troops seemed to be patrolling Concepcion on Tuesday than Monday . See scenes of devastation from the quake But no troops or police could be seen in nearby Talcahuano , a correspondent for CNN Chile said Tuesday afternoon . The network showed live images of people pilfering fuel from a closed gas station and other residents walking out of stores carrying large sacks of goods or placing them into car trunks and driving off . The threat of violence slowed the flow of aid , said Michael Black of the nongovernmental organization World Vision . "  The truth is it 's taken a lot longer than needed for them to deploy the forces and re-establish order , which is necessary for any NGO , " he told CNN . The Christian humanitarian group had not yet released any supplies from its warehouse in Santiago , he said . He predicted that would change on Wednesday . "  With the arrival last night of army forces , we think that 's going to improve , " Black said . A weeping Talcahuano resident told CNN Chile , CNN 's partner network in the nation , that the city had not received any help and residents felt abandoned . Bachelet vowed to address the situation . "  What worries us the most today is to provide security and tranquility to the nation , " she said . "  We ask for understanding and patience because the aid will arrive . " But some of that aid was temporarily delayed Tuesday at a military checkpoint on the Itata Route about 12 miles  20 kilometers  outside of Concepcion . Images broadcast by CNN Chile showed at least 12 tractor-trailers filled with aid stopped at the checkpoint . Dozens of other vehicles were lined up , stretching to the horizon , behind the trucks . One truck driver said he had been waiting for four hours . An unidentified army captain interviewed at the checkpoint said if it was up to him the convoy would pass , but he had to wait for approval from the National Emergency Office . "  We have n't received any aid , " Concepcion Mayor Jacqueline Van Rysselberghe said Tuesday morning . On Monday night , she had complained about the lack of security . "  We do n't want to spend one more night in the darkness and in fear , " she said on CNN Chile . "  We are no longer hungry , we are so scared . " Bachelet said all emergency measures should be in place by Tuesday . Carmen Fernandez , director of the National Emergency Office , said Tuesday afternoon that aid is starting to reach all regions . Distribution is becoming standardized , she said , and the flow of aid is starting to become constant . Rescuers in the hardest-hit areas , including Concepcion and the Maule and Bio Bio regions , continued to scramble to reach possible survivors Tuesday . At least 12 aftershocks were recorded in the past 24 hours , ranging in magnitude from 4.8 to 5.3 , the U.S. Geological Survey reported . The strongest of the more than 90 aftershocks was a 6.2-magnitude quake on Sunday near the main quake 's epicenter . Although damage was significant in Santiago , the nation 's capital , electricity and water were restored to much of the city by late Monday and many residents could use their cell phones and other conveniences . About 90 percent of the city 's stores were open . In the quake 's immediate aftermath , more than 1.5 million people had been without power in and around Santiago , which is about 270 miles  432 kilometers  northeast of Concepcion . Rescuers from Santiago , recently returned from a stint in quake-ravaged Haiti , were working to free residents who were trapped in a 15-story building in Concepcion , about 70 miles  112 kilometers  from the earthquake 's epicenter . Fire commander Juan Carlos Subercaseaux confirmed Monday three people were trapped inside the collapsed building , CNN Chile reported . Rescuers said they heard banging and yelling from an apartment on Monday but had not heard anything Tuesday . Subercaseaux told reporters Tuesday afternoon that rescuers would work overnight , though he held out little hope of finding survivors . Six people were missing , seven were dead and 79 had been evacuated from the structure , with 20 apartments still unsearched , he said . Chile has received offers of international aid and will accept the help that it needs , Bachelet said . Paul Simons , U.S. ambassador to Chile , said that the international community and Chilean government have realized in the past two days "  that the magnitude of this earthquake is very , very substantial . " "  Chile is a country that 's not really used to asking for outside help , " Simons said in Santiago . "  Quite frankly , it 's been a donor country . " Simons said field hospitals are among Chile 's greatest need , given its loss of 19 hospitals , representing more than 4,000 beds . "  The doctors are fine , but they need places to operate , " Simons said . The nation 's ambassador to the United States , Jose Goni , listed Chile 's top priorities Monday afternoon . "  After a detailed assessment of the situation , " Goni said , "  the Chilean government has requested aid from the U.S. government consisting essentially of field hospitals , power generators , water-purification plants , rescue teams , medical crews , tents , satellite telephones , temporary infrastructure for people in need and dialysis autonomous systems . " The United Nations also said Monday that Chile had requested international assistance and indicated it is ready to help . U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton traveled to Santiago for a brief visit Tuesday on a previously scheduled trip through Latin America . She had originally been scheduled to arrive Monday . Clinton brought with her 20 satellite phones and a technician , part of the aid the United States will provide to Chile . Chilean Foreign Minister Mariano Fernandez ticked through a list of promised international aid : from Canada , 150 portable houses ; China , $ 1 million and a field hospital ; South Korea , a planeload of medical equipment ; Cuba , a portable hospital equipped with a surgical suite and 25 doctors ; Indonesia , $ 1 million ; the European Union , $ 4 million ; Spain , rescue teams , including structural engineers and search dogs ; Japan , $ 3 million and emergency materials ; the United Nations , health aid . Other promised aid , according to Fernandez : from Argentina , three portable hospitals ; Peru , one portable hospital and 25 doctors ; France , a team of 15 structural engineers ; the Organization of American States , 20 satellite phones ; the United States , 60 satellite phones ; Switzerland , a team of engineers ; Russia , 100 portable houses and seven tons of food ; Uruguay , two water-purification plants . Saturday 's earthquake is tied for the fifth-strongest since 1900 , according to the U.S. Geological Survey . Another 8.8 quake struck off the coast of Ecuador in 1906 . Stronger earthquakes occurred in Kamchatka , in northeastern Russia , in 1952  magnitude 9  ; off the west coast of northern Sumatra in 2004  magnitude 9.1  ; at Prince William Sound , Alaska , in 1964  magnitude 9.4  ; and just south of Concepcion , Chile , not far from the epicenter of Saturday 's quake , in 1960  magnitude 9.5  . Bachelet said Saturday that about 2 million people had been affected in some way , but she did not elaborate . The Chilean Red Cross reported that about 500,000 homes had considerable damage . The armed forces were available to help with security and the distribution of food , she said . CNN 's Ana Maria Luengo-Romero , Sara Sidner and Soledad O'Brien contributed to this report .	NEW : Slow deployment of troops hindered aid deployment , relief group says Aid starting to reach all of Chile 's regions , National Emergency Office says Stores ransacked in front of soldiers in Concepcion , where mayor says aid has n't come President Michelle Bachelet says all emergency measures will be in place Tuesday
CNN  -- Paolo Maldini and Luis Figo brought down the curtain on their remarkable careers as their Milan clubs both scored victories on the final day of the Serie A season . Maldini was given a special presentation as he made his 902nd and final appearance for Milan . The 40-year-old Maldini was playing his 902nd game for Milan who won 2-0 at Fiorentina while Portuguese international Figo helped champions Inter to a 4-3 home win over Atalanta . Milan 's victory helped them secure the third Champions League place in Italy and automatic qualification to the group stages . Juventus , who beat Lazio 2-0 with Vincenzo Iaquinta scoring twice , finished level on points with Milan , while Fiorentina will go into the Champions League final qualifying round after finishing fourth . Inter had clinched the title two weeks ago , with a Zlatan Ibrahimovic double making sure that they would round off their season in style , the Swede finishing Serie A 's top scorer with 25 goals . Figo has been with Inter since 2005 and has helped the club to four straight league titles to become a firm favorite with the fans who gave him a rousing farewell . Former Italian international defender Maldini was completing an incredible 24 seasons at Milan . Inter finished top with 84 points with Milan and Juventus on 74 , with Fiorentina fourth with 68 . In the relegation dogfight , Torino joined Reggina and Lecce in making the drop from Serie A as they lost 3-2 at AS Roma . Bologna beat Catania 3-1 to finish in the 17th place with 37 points , while Torino ended on 34 . Bari , Parma and the winner of the promotion playoff will be the newcomers in Serie A next season .	Paolo Maldini plays 902nd and final match for AC Milan in 2-0 win over Fiorentina Luis Figo ends his career as champions Inter Milan beat Atalanta 4-2 Torino relegated to Serie B with 3-2 defeat to AS Roma
More than 220 people have been rescued after two ice floes broke off from the Latvian coast and were blown into the Gulf of Riga , Latvian emergency services said Friday . All 181 people on the larger floe near the capital city of Riga were removed by boat , and 42 people were rescued by helicopter from the smaller floe off the coast of Jurmala , a nearby seaside resort town . One person remained for some time on the floe off Jurmala because he refused to be rescued by helicopter , emergency officials said . That man told authorities he was waiting for a friend to pick him up in a plastic boat , according to the Baltic News Service . Eventually , rescuers helped both the stranded man and his friend on the boat return safely to shore . The same report said that , once the rescue operation ended around 4:30 p.m.  10:30 a.m. ET  , one person was treated for possible frostbite . The fire service earlier said that rough seas were complicating the rescue efforts by the Fire and Rescue Service , National Border Guard , Coast Guard and military officials . Oil company manager Kaspars Skrabans said he was down at the beach by Jurmala with his family when he noticed that a crack had appeared in the ice extending from the shore out into the gulf . He realized that nearly 50 people were on the ice that had become separated from the shore and being blown out to sea by the prevailing wind . Some people were likely there to enjoy a walk on a sunny day , he told CNN , while others were ice fishers . Temperatures were above freezing Friday in Riga , CNN forecaster Mari Ramos said . Ice is more likely to break off from shore as temperatures rise in spring .	A man who first refused help is taken safely back to shore , a report says Two ice floes break off from the Latvian coast and are blown into the Gulf of Riga Helicopters and boats carry more than 220 people to safety , emergency officials say A crack appeared in ice that had been attached to the shore , a journalist at the scene says
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- The high-end specialty coffee industry is n't immune to the effects of a recession , but many companies are still doing well . Growers , roasters and equipment manufacturers were represented at the coffee expo in Atlanta . Portland Roasting had a slow holiday season , but business is picking up , said owner Mark Stell . "  February was a great month for us , " he said . Stell traveled from Oregon to Atlanta , Georgia , for the Specialty Coffee Association of America expo , where the show floor was filled with nearly 800 booths featuring everything from exotic coffee beans to the latest Italian espresso machines . Stell 's company sells about a million pounds of coffee a year . He said sales to offices and hotels are down but are being replaced by orders from grocers and universities . "  People do n't leave coffee , " he said . "  They just get it differently . " Tony Riffel owns Octane Coffee in Atlanta and was watching the 10th annual World Barista Championship , held in conjunction with the expo at the Georgia World Congress Center . Pushcart owner Gwilym Davies of London , England , won the 2009 barista crown . Watch baristas battle for the world title " Riffel said business at his coffee shop was flat last summer , but sales are up 10 percent for the first quarter of 2009 . "  The first part of this year has been our best ever , " he said . "  People are being careful with what they 're spending money on , but they 're spending it on quality products . " Business is good enough that Riffel plans to open a second location this year . "  Now is a really good time to do that , " he said . "  Developers and landlords are more flexible and negotiable , " even though banks are "  pickier than normal . " Joseph Taguman also knows about picky banks . The general manager of the Zambia Growers Association said the lack of financing is holding back the association 's 80 farmers . Taguman said the farmers could grow more than their current rate of about 300 metric tons per year , but trees take time to grow and long-term financing is hard to come by in Zambia . A couple of aisles over from Taguman 's booth , Shawn Contreras sees a similar problem . Contreras is the sales director for Diedrich Manufacturing , which has been selling roasting equipment for nearly 30 years . He said wholesale roasters are continuing to grow , but smaller operations are having "  an extraordinarily difficult time " getting funding . Consultant Andrew Hetzel acknowledges that credit is a hindering factor for companies , but he is optimistic about the specialty coffee industry . "  The U.S. market is continuing at a steady pace , " he said . But it 's a slower pace than the past few years . "  Coffee is something that has been with humanity for 1,500 years , " Hetzel said . "  It 's not going anywhere any time soon . "	High-end specialty coffee industry not immune to effects of recession Many companies still doing well , with some looking to expand Hundreds of companies from around the world gathered in Atlanta for annual expo British barista wins World Barista Championship held in conjunction with expo
CNN  -- The Pentagon says it 's "  ready to go " if it gets orders to carry out a military strike in response to Syria 's suspected use of chemical weapons against its own people . Most people know Syria 's civil war has been raging for more than two years . But the situation is so complicated that it 's hard for even the biggest news junkie to keep track . Now that Washington is seriously thinking about ordering limited missile strikes in one of the most volatile regions of the world , it 's a good time to retrace events and remember how we got here . Here 's a quick-read cheat sheet about the Syrian civil war . It 's not intended to be an all-encompassing encyclopedia , but it will bring you up to date on what 's really important about a scary situation in an already volatile part of the world . Who wants what after chemical weapons horror ? 1 . What did Syria look like before the conflict ? Even before the uprising in Syria , things were n't peaceful there . Discontent simmered for decades . In 1982 , President Hafez al-Assad clamped down on a Muslim Brotherhood uprising . In one attack , his iron fist left tens of thousands dead . When Hafez al-Assad died in 2000 , his son Bashar al-Assad took over the presidency . He promised to build a more modern and democratic nation . But reforms did n't come fast enough for activists , who called for change and slammed Syria 's government as an "  authoritarian , totalitarian and cliquish regime . " Sectarian and ethnic unrest shook Syria over the past decade , too . A Druze uprising flared in 2000 , and a Kurdish rebellion erupted in 2004 . 2 . How did the civil war begin ? It all started in February 2011 in the city of Daraa , when authorities arrested 15 schoolchildren for painting anti-government graffiti on the walls of a school . The children did n't mince words with the message they painted : "  The people want to topple the regime . " Word spread that the children were allegedly mistreated while in custody . Outrage over their arrest grew , fueling protests . Security forces opened fire , activists say , killing at least four protesters . These four , activists say , were the first deaths in Syria 's civil war . Within days , according to Human Rights Watch , protests grew into massive rallies made up of thousands . Their rallying cry : "  Daraa ! " the city whose children sparked a national movement . Iran : U.S. military action in Syria would spark ` disaster ' 3 . How did the unrest turn into a call for an end to al-Assad 's rule ? It did n't take long for al-Assad to criticize protesters in Daraa . In a March 2011 speech before lawmakers , he said "  conspirators " started out there and wanted to spread unrest . His dismissive remarks , and the way lawmakers applauded afterward , only further fueled protests . "  That speech had a catastrophic impact , " the International Crisis Group 's Peter Harling said last year . "  People who wanted to support the regime at the time were shocked . " Two days later , weekly anti-government protests began across Syria . Calls for reforms soon escalated into calls for the removal of the entire al-Assad regime . Now , armed rebels have vowed to accept nothing less than al-Assad 's ouster , while the Syrian government has labeled them terrorists and vowed not to back down . The United Nations estimates that the fighting has claimed more than 100,000 lives . 4 . OK , but that all started more than two years ago . Why do some people think the United States needs to take action now ? Talking about Syria last year , President Barack Obama said "  a red line for us is , we start seeing a whole bunch of chemical weapons moving around or being utilized . " The implication was clear . If Syria uses chemical weapons in the civil war , the United States will have to do something . Now , the White House says it looks like Syria has used chemical weapons against its own people . So here we are . What will Obama do in response ? Whatever it is , it 's time to sit up and take notice , because this news story is moving to another level . What justifies intervening if Syria uses chemical weapons ? 5 . What makes chemical weapons a game changer ? Some argue that conventional weapons like guns or bombs also have a massive human toll . They say chemical weapons should n't be a turning point for the world to act . But the White House maintains that they 're a game-changer . "  The use of chemical weapons is contrary to the standards adopted by the vast majority of nations and international efforts since World War I to eliminate the use of such weapons . ... The use of these weapons on a mass scale and a threat of proliferation is a threat to our national interests and a concern to the entire world , " White House spokesman Jay Carney said this week . 6 . Why did n't the United States just send a bunch of weapons to the opposition when it had the chance ? In June , the United States said it would send the rebels small arms , ammunition and potentially anti-tank weapons . But that was long after the unrest started . Why the delay ? Some argue that sending weapons to a region of the world that also contains Islamic extremists is risky business . Many of the rebel fighters are militants with pro-al Qaeda sympathies , the same stripe of militants America has battled in Iraq and Afghanistan . The Syria rebels have promised U.S. and European officials that any military weaponry they get wo n't end up in extremists ' hands . But that has n't quelled criticism from some quarters that arming the rebels is a dangerous risk . Russian President Vladimir Putin has slammed the decision to arm the opposition . At an economic forum in June , he cautioned , "  Where will those weapons end up ? " 7 . What 's the deal with Russia ? Why are they criticizing the U.S. ? Putin has made it clear that Russia and the United States do n't see eye to eye when it comes to Syria . Russia and Syria are longtime allies . For one , just take a look at their weapons deals . Between 2007 and 2010 , Russian firms selling weapons to Syria made almost $ 5 billion . It would be costly for Russia to end that relationship , analyst Peter Fragiskatos said this year "  Russia 's leadership still sees much to lose economically and strategically from cutting Syria loose , " Fragiskatos wrote . "  Russia sees Syria as another test case for the West 's appetite for intervention and views the danger of U.S. involvement as a direct threat to its own interests . " There are other reasons to suspect that Russia will keep supporting Syria . Russia 's only naval base in the Mediterranean is on the Syrian coast , and Putin is still upset about NATO 's bombing in Libya two years ago that removed Russian ally Moammar Gadhafi from power . ` Red line ' debate : Chemical weapons worse than attacks ? 8 . What 's religion got to do with it ? The al-Assad family is Alawite , a Shiite Muslim offshoot that 's one of the minorities in a country that is nearly three-quarters Sunni . Al-Assad has filled key positions in his government with extended family members , and many of his supporters are Alawites and other minorities who fear what might happen if the Sunnis were to gain power . Because the Syrian regime is Alawite and the majority of the country is Sunni , there are concerns that Syria could spiral into even more violence . 9 . What 's the worst that could happen ? In a worst-case scenario , experts say , the fighting could spill over and make trouble for Syria 's neighbors , threatening stability in a part of the world that 's already known to be volatile . Surrounding Syria are Lebanon , Iraq and Jordan , Israel and Turkey . The violence has been prompting war refugees to seek safety in some of these nations . In Turkey , there are ethnic tensions involving Kurds who live along its southern border with Syria . All of these countries have a lot of religious , cultural and historical issues between them that add countless layers of complexity to the crisis . And when an entire region of the world loses stability , that worries the international community as a whole . CNN 's Nic Robertson , Thom Patterson , Joe Sterling , Barbara Starr , Chelsea J. Carter and Kyle Almond contributed to this report .	Unrest in Syria started after children were arrested for anti-government graffiti Outrage over arrests spiraled into protests that fueled an opposition movement The White House has said chemical weapons are a game changer Russia is standing by Syria , its longtime ally
CNN  -- Few things are worse for the traveler than nasty surprises . Yet we keep traveling . Not simply because we like to travel or because we must travel , but because we accept that the world is an imperfect place and the travel industry an imperfect business that likes , when possible , to get by on the bare minimum . Nevertheless , there are some fixes that could be implemented quickly and cheaply that would make travel much more pleasant for everyone . We seek neither the impractical  first-class leather seats in coach  , the implausible  teleportation  , nor the unrealistic  airport concourses that demand less walking than a breast cancer fund-raiser  . Even better , none of the brainstorms below are protected by patents , licenses or other legal restrictions , so Big Travel can feel free to scoop them up and begin making our lives better right away . 1 . Update hotel check-in times In 1946 , the Tote 'm convenience-store chain extended its hours from 7 a.m. to 11 p.m. , announcing its groundbreaking move by changing its name to 7-Eleven . In 1974 , the company now known as ACCEL/Exchange booted up the world 's first 24-hour ATM network . In 2005 , England and Wales ushered in the era of never-ending beer drinking by granting licenses allowing pubs to serve liquor round-the-clock . Yet as nonstop commerce has created a sleepless planet , hotels remain mired in conventions of the 1800s , when the steam train rolled in and out of town once each afternoon and again the following morning . With airlines cleaving away from the hub-and-spoke system -- which once rigidly controlled arrival and departure times -- in favor of more or less continuous schedules and red-eye flights , the hotel industry needs to restructure its own arrival and departure policies to reflect modern traffic flow . Few miseries compare to landing in a city at 6 a.m. only to while away the morning in traveler 's purgatory awaiting an "  early " 1 p.m. check-in that you had to grovel to get . The major hotel chain that figures out a way to implement "  anytime check-in " on a mass scale will become the new Hilton . Unless , of course , Hilton gets to it first . 2 . Invent a universal plug socket A few years ago , tech-connected people lived in an era of many too gadgets and not enough laptop sockets , wondering why the hell devices could n't just share the same plug-ins . Then someone invented the USB . The travel industry is suffering from a similar connection problem . Two thin pins in the United States ; two round pins in Europe ; three chunky pins in the United Kingdom ; three even chunkier pins in India , with some smaller three-pins occasionally used for really old lamps . There are attempts to paper over this dilemma . But what if you 're not lucky enough to be in a business hotel with a full 3x2 foot panel dedicated to a dozen types of plug shapes ? What if you do n't want to carry around three different personal plug adaptors that might work , if you 're lucky ? China has started to try to solve this problem , with some hotels employing single , all-purpose wall sockets able to accept various shapes and numbers of pins . Is n't it time everyone started doing the same ? 3 . Bring us the check Introducing the future of good service -- the coffeecheck . Nothing spoils a meal like being held hostage to an uppity or lackadaisical waiter 's notion of when you 'll be allowed to leave the restaurant . Checks should be delivered with the final course , at least for businesses lunches . 4 . Abolish institutionalized taxi extortion One of the enduring mysteries of travel is the shocking percentage of municipalities that allow the first impression of their cities to be an extortionate US$ 65 cab ride from the airport to downtown . Does the Mafia run every taxi company in the world ? Is it too much to ask that visitors to major cities be spared from getting fleeced as if they 've concluded a losing transaction with a neighborhood bookie as soon as they get to town ? Affordable rides into the city would eliminate a significant amount of the stress and hassle endured by visitors coming to a place for the first time . If private enterprise ca n't responsibly accommodate tourists , local legislation should be employed to force them into it . 5 . Offer upgrades whenever possible Airline upgrades are the Bigfoot of the travel world . People talk of them in hushed tones , with shrugged shoulders , their faces darkened in some corner of a rural tavern as they exchange secrets on how and where you might be able to score one . Surely this is ridiculous . We understand the consumer psychology behind premium-level status -- you start giving away your exclusive product and suddenly it 's no longer exclusive . But while most consumer-facing industries like to improve customer experiences whenever possible , the airline industry seems to go out of its way to keep its passengers grumpy and miserable . The hotel industry is a little better . Taj Hotels has a policy of upgrading to the next level of room or suite if available when you check in . But for the most part hotels avoid upgrading , too , and we suggest at some cost . Would n't the word-of-mouth and social media praise be worth it from customers grateful for surprise upgrades if they occurred more often ? 6 . Retire the beverage cart on short flights Responsible for more mashed toes and dislocated elbows than the UFC , these 300-pound chariots of doom present passengers in aisle seats with a constant danger , cost airlines millions and keep us from hitting the head at precisely the moment we most need to . To shave expenses , airlines have already done away with most food . The next logical step is ending the tiresome drink service that creates more trouble than it 's worth . For flights of two hours or less , hand out bottles of water and sell beer , wine and drinks in the departure lounge . This will save the airlines money and labor and , for customers , eliminate the risk of being sideswiped every five minutes by the polyestered haunch of an exhausted flight attendant horsing a Sisyphun weight up and down the aisle taking drink requests and barking orders -- "  Keep your feet in ! " "  Watch your knees ! " -- with all the Ã © lan of the guy who sits in the booth and weighs you in at the dump . 7 . Just stop talking , please The first port of call for most vacations -- the airport -- is invariably an unending and un-ignorable procession of barely decipherable Tannoy announcements , most of which are entirely superfluous . Noise equals stress , so airports should be minimizing it wherever possible , not adding to it . We know by now to keep our luggage with us at all times , that airports are non-smoking areas and if you have had to call Mrs. Bawdwallah nine times to "  proceed immediately to gate number 12 , " it 's safe to say she does n't care or she is n't able . And while you 're at it , how about upgrading those 1930s-quality public address systems in airports and on planes ? 8 . Eliminate the paper trail Why do we need a tissue-thin napkin every time someone on an airplane hands us four ounces of water in a urine-sample cup ? Former American Airlines chairman Robert Crandall once famously saved his company US$ 40,000 a year by eliminating the olive from salads the airline once served onboard . A small redwood forest could be recycled from the napkins airlines plow through each year . 9 . Make booking more transparent You think you 've found the deal of a lifetime , till you click "  checkout " and the price suddenly doubles due to the airport tax . Or you spot an airline ad for "  US$ 10 deals " to the other side of the world , but you have to book on exactly the right day and on the right flight to take advantage and they do n't mention when that is . A little transparency from the start would go a long way to making the booking process far better . 10 . Give us our phones back If you can get a 300-ton hunk of iron and aluminum into the sky , surely you can figure out a way for us to use our iPads without it causing a disaster ?	Listen up , Big Travel ! These fixes would make travel more pleasant for us and maybe save you money . Do we really need a napkin every time someone hands us a drink ? Let us check into a hotel any time of day . Upgrade the quality of public address systems in airports and on planes .
CNN  -- Inspired by Psalm 103 verse 11 -- "  For as the heaven is high above the earth , so great is his mercy toward those that fear him " -- two men with lofty ambitions in a midwestern town of the United States have finally realized them after months of endeavor -- and then some . In July 2012 , in a bid to attract golfers and tourists to the Casey Country Club in Illinois -- a town with a population of just under 3,000 -- Bolin Enterprises operations manager Michael "  Bo " Bohannon and the company 's vice president Jim Bolin concocted the idea of building a golf tee of biblical proportions . The two men hope the 30 ft ยพ structure , which has those words from Psalm 103 carved into its wooden edifice , will be officially crowned the world 's largest golf tee . It is not the first over-sized Bolin Enterprises construction -- last year the company produced the world 's largest wind chime , a 55-foot long structure now proudly hanging in Casey . Hours of chainsaw carving , 60 gallons of glue and 120 pounds of screws were involved in the making of the colossal tee , which weighs 6,659 pounds and consists of yellow pine boards . Measurements were taken and sent to the Guinness World Records , with the club hoping it will be officially verified as the world 's biggest tee , possibly as early as next week . It will be sited on the 10th hole on the Casey course , although that is just the start for Bohannon and Bohin to put Casey on the tourist map . If the record is confirmed , an 18 ft diameter hollowed out golf ball will be constructed to sit atop the tee , from where golfers will be able to tee off . "  Hopefully our world 's largest tee construction receives the Guinness recognition next week , " Bohannon told CNN . "  We have plans to erect the tee this spring at the Casey Country Club . Prior to the installation , there is a lot of prep work to do -- earthwork and landscaping -- that will accompany the world 's largest golf tee . "  We truly hope this will be a draw to golfers and visitors worldwide , " added Bohannon . "  Once the tee is erected , we plan to build the ball for the top . This ball will be constructed so golfers will be able to tee out of it . This portion of the project will be completed later this year . To maximize the potential pulling power of having the world 's biggest tee in Casey , Bohannon is also thinking on a grand scale to market the town 's gargantuan landmark . "  We have contacted a world famous golfer and invited him to be the first to tee off of it when it is ready for the grand opening , " said Bolin 's operations manager . "  If you know of any other famous golfers that would like to be a part of this , by all means please pass along my contact information to them as we would love to have them . "  We would also plan to offer the opportunity to ` Sponsor the Golf Ball ' to the major golf companies . " The current record is 26 ft 8in and belongs to the students of Jerry Havills Team Problem Solving Course at Bay de Noc Community College  all USA  in Escanaba , USA , on 23 July 2009 . The students ' effort had a head diameter of 88.9 cm  35 in  and a shaft width of 35.24 cm  13.87 in  .	A golf course in Casey , Illinois hopes to soon boast the world 's largest golf tee The measurements of the 30ft pine structure have been sent to Guinness World Records Bolin Enterprises has already built the world largest wind chime The course hopes to add a giant ball to top the tee if the record is confirmed
London  CNN  -- Building a home with a floor beneath ground on a plot next to a flood-prone river might seem like a recipe for disaster . But not when it 's designed to float . The "  amphibious house " was recently granted planning permission for construction on a island on the River Thames in Marlow -- a small town 35 miles west of London . The upper part of the house is constructed from lightweight timber , according to its creators Baca Architects , while a concrete basement level sits inside a "  wet dock " consisting of a base slab and four retaining walls . Should the worst happen the house turns into a "  free-floating pontoon " with vertical guideposts running up the building 's exterior preventing it from drifting off downstream . Sea level rise : Impacts and mitigation measures A terraced garden will also surround the property encouraging incremental flooding while also helping manage run-off when water levels start to subside . Richard Coutts , director of Baca Architects said in a statement : "  From the outset , we sought the expert advice of the  UK  Environment Agency to determine the most appropriate construction model to mitigate flood risk on the site and provide a safe dwelling , sympathetic to its setting and fit for the challenges of the 21st century . "  Amphibious design is one of a host of solutions that can enable residents to live safely and to adapt to the challenges of climate change , " he added .	Plans for amphibious home on banks of UK 's River Thames gets planning consent Private dwelling will rise if surrounding area floods creating a "  free floating pontoon "
CNN  -- Over the years Tottenham Hotspur 's supporters have suffered anti-Semitic abuse and until recently visiting supporters would hiss , in an effort to mimic the sound of the gas chambers that sent six million Jews to their deaths during the Holocaust . So just how offensive is the use of the word "  Yid " at football matches ? British Prime Minister David Cameron has been told that his view on Spurs fans being able to use the "  Yid " word at football matches is "  ludicrous " by an anti-racism group . Last week , the English Football Association told fans they could face prosecution if they used the word , a term which at different times throughout history has been used by Jews and also to abuse them . A north London-based club , Spurs are known for having a large number of Jewish supporters , with a section of Spurs fans having attempted to reclaim the "  Y word " by referring to themselves as the "  Yid Army " and chanting it at matches . "  There 's a difference between Spurs fans self-describing themselves as Yids and someone calling someone a Yid as an insult , " Cameron told the UK-based Jewish Chronicle newspaper . "  You have to be motivated by hate . Hate speech should be prosecuted -- but only when it 's motivated by hate . " But Cameron 's views have been dismissed as ` ludicrous ' by Race for Sport , a group which prides itself on "  promoting fairness , justice and equality within all sports . " David Neita , a spokesperson for the group and a member of the Society of Black Lawyers , says the attempt by Tottenham fans to suggest they have reclaimed the word "  is an insult to anybody 's intelligence . " He added : "  Tottenham fans can be excused for attempting to deflect the abuse they received as neither the football club nor the FA previously took any action against the anti-Semitism voiced by other London clubs . "  Once anti-Semitism is being highlighted and prosecuted that is not longer a defense , if it ever was . Tottenham fans have neither the right nor the moral authority to do so . " Cameron has also come in for criticism from Peter Herbert , a leading lawyer and chairman of the Society of Black Lawyers , who says the Prime Minister 's comments "  actually condone anti-Semitism or racism . " "  Football is a part of society and not separate from it , so the Prime Minister has to really think what he is saying because he legitimizes anti-Semitism and that is a sad thing for any parliamentarian to do , " Herbert told Sky Sports . "  You can not have people breaking the criminal law on Saturday afternoon and saying it is OK because we have a badge of honor . " British comedian David Baddiel , a leading campaigner against racial hatred towards the Jewish community , also believes the word should not be used by Tottenham fans . Baddiel , a Jewish Chelsea supporter , attacked Cameron 's position on the matter in his blog on the Guardian newspaper 's website . "  The fact is that whatever its origins , their continuing use of the Y-word legitimizes and sustains the racist abuse aimed at Spurs by other fans , " he writes . "  It 's a call and response dynamic , like many at football matches . " Only in a small boxed off section in the Daily Mirror does Cameron receive any real support . Writing in the tabloid , Darren Alexander , joint chairman of the Spurs Supporters ' Trust , hailed Cameron as "  the first person to speak with any common sense on this matter . " Alexander added : "  It is nice to see somebody who understands that word can have two meanings to two different sets of people . " But Cameron is not alone in receiving criticism with the FA also coming in for blame with several commentators claiming the organization is going after the wrong people . Writing in the Israeli newspaper , Haaretz , Anshel Pfeffer argues more should be done to punish those club 's whose fans persist in anti-Semitic chanting , rather than Tottenham fans who he believes do not use the term in an offensive manner . "  How difficult is it to understand that when a team with a wide Jewish fan base and prominent Jewish businesspeople among its executives proudly call themselves ` Yids ' , there is nothing anti-Semitic about it , " he asks . "  It would be even complimentary to Jews if it was a half decent club . But when supporters of rival Chelsea or Arsenal sing the "  the Yids are going to Auschwitz , " accompanied by the hissing sounds of gas , that is rank racism . " David Aaronovitch , a columnist for The Times also agrees that the FA ' s position on the issue is skewed . "  The problem with the Y-word is not Spurs fans ' use of it , but other clubs ' supporters ' racism , " he told the newspaper . "  It seems bizarre to me that the focus of the action by the FA should be the people who are not the problem . "	British Prime Minister David Cameron backs Tottenham fans ' right to use the word ` Yid ' Section of Spurs fans , both Jewish and non-Jewish , refer to themselves as the "  Yid army " and Spurs players as "  Yiddos " . Football Association has threatened to prosecute fans for using the term at matches
Washington  CNN  -- Defense Secretary Robert Gates announced some far-reaching proposals Monday for restructuring the massive budget at his agency , including getting rid of the U.S. Joint Forces Command . The cuts could mean a loss of thousands of jobs . The current Defense Department budget totals more than $ 530 billion a year , and defense officials believe they need increases of 2 to 3 percent a year to sustain the force structure and meet modernization needs . However , the recession caused the department to propose a 1 percent budget increase for next year , and the cuts announced Monday were intended to help hold down overall costs . "  We must be mindful of the difficult economic and fiscal situation facing our nation , " Gates told reporters at the Pentagon . "  As a matter of principle and political reality , the Department of Defense can not expect America 's elected representatives to approve budget increases each year unless we are doing a good job , indeed , everything possible to make every dollar count . " Gate 's acknowledged the plan was "  politically fraught , " and congressional criticism began even before Gates was finished announcing the moves . The proposal to eliminate the Joint Forces Command , which is based in Norfolk , Virginia , met with opposition from both the state 's U.S. Democratic senators . Sen. Jim Webb released a statement saying getting rid of it "  would be a step backward and could be harmful " to the military , while Sen. Mark Warner said : "  I can see no rational basis for dismantling " the Joint Forces Command . The command , which has an annual budget of $ 240 million and 2,800 military and civilian employees , is one of the department 's 10 "  combatant commands . " Unlike most of the others , it does not have a particular global region of responsibility , such as Central Command that is responsible for the Middle East . The command is made up of soldiers , sailors , airmen and Marines who are trained and equipped to work together in response to the needs of other combatant commands . It grew out of the old Atlantic Command and became the Joint Forces Command in 1999 . Gen. James Mattis had been commander until he was recently picked to become Centcom commander . Gen. Raymond Odierno , currently head of U.S. forces in Iraq , has been picked to run the Joint Forces Command . "  I told Ray that his assignment at JFCOM is essentially the same as his assignment in Iraq , and that is working himself out of a job . " Gates said . Eliminating the Joint Forces Command is just one of a wide-ranging series of proposals presented by Gates . Others include : -- Eliminating some of the 65 military boards and commissions to cut the budget for them by 25 percent in fiscal year 2011 ; -- A review of all Defense Department intelligence to eliminate needless duplication ; -- Eliminating the Defense Department 's Business Transformation Agency , which has day-to-day oversight of acquisition programs that would be handled by others in the department ; -- Reducing funding for service support contractors by 10 percent a year for each of the next three years ; -- Freezing the number of jobs in the Officer of the Secretary of Defense , the Defense Agencies and Combatant Commands at current levels ; -- Seeking to stop "  brass creep , " a term former Sen. John Glenn used for situations when higher-ranking officers were doing jobs that lower ranking officers could handle . To address that problem , Gates is ordering a freeze on the number of generals , admirals and senior civilian officials at current levels . Gates was adamant that the Pentagon must change its way of thinking about money . "  The culture of endless money that has taken hold must be replaced by a culture of savings and restraint , " Gates said . "  Toward this end , I am directing that any new proposal or initiatives , large or small , be it policy , program or ceremony , come with a cost estimate . That price tag will help us determine whether what we are gaining or hope to gain is really worth the cost . "	Defense Department budget cuts could mean the loss of thousands of jobs Virginia senators oppose possible elimination of Joint Forces Command Recession leads to lower proposed increase for next year Defense Secretary Robert Gates announces cuts to hold down overall costs
CNN  -- Hidden high among the forested volcanoes of central Africa , the mountain gorilla was unknown to science until 1902 , when two were first encountered by a German explorer -- and promptly killed . It set the tone for the relationship . For much of the time since , due to deforestation and poaching , it has seemed the mountain gorilla was swiftly destined to be lost to the world again . Not long after the species ' greatest champion , the American zoologist Dian Fossey , was killed in Rwanda in 1985 , there were fewer than 300 of the giant primates left in the wild . These days , however , while the species remains endangered , their numbers have grown to nearly 800 . This is due to the efforts of conservationists such as those working in Volcanoes National Park , in northwest Rwanda , where Fossey established a research center which continues to run in her name today . Efforts to change attitudes towards the mighty animals have seen them become an important source of income for the local economy through the tourists they bring , and turned poachers into vocal advocates for conservation . The world 's largest mountain gorilla population , thought to number less than 500 animals , is found in a mountainous region known as the Virungas , incorporating Volcanoes , Uganda 's Mgahinga Gorilla National Park , and Virunga National Park in the Democratic Republic of Congo . A second , smaller population can be found in the Bwindi Impenetrable National Park , in another region of Uganda . See also : Rwanda 's conservation king The Karisoke Research Center , operated by the Dian Fossey Gorilla Fund International and located in Volcanoes National Park , is the world 's most important facility for studying the mountain gorilla . Veronica Vecellio , its gorilla program coordinator , said she developed the desire to work in her field after seeing "  Gorillas in the Mist , " the 1988 film which popularized Fossey 's story . "  Studying Dian Fossey , it 's really clear how one person can really make the difference , " said Vecellio . "  It 's what inspired me . " Staff at Karisoke , which have observed the animals for more than 40 years , study the behavior of 10 groups of gorillas -- including those initially named and studied by Fossey , and their offspring . Vecellio said the center focused on new research topics every year -- it had been able to learn , for example , that the life expectancy of a mountain gorilla was 35 years , as the animals had been under observation for their entire lifespan . Fossey had believed in preserving the gorillas ' isolation by keeping tourists away . But today the tourism generated by the gorillas is essential to the local economy , and the organization that carries Fossey 's name is in favor of the visitors . "  It 's thanks  to  gorilla tourism that the gorillas are so well protected here in Rwanda , " said Vecellio . "  I 'm sure that if she was still there now , she would just appreciate the fact that thanks to the tourists , the gorilla  gets  to be alive . Before it was her keeping the gorillas alive , and now it 's the tourism . " Fossey was found murdered in her cabin in the Virunga Mountains in 1985 , and is buried in the park . Her killer has never been found . See also : Central African gorillas may go extinct Mountain gorillas are not frequently hunted for their meat , but can be maimed or killed by poachers leaving traps or snares for other animals . They have also been killed for their body parts to be sold to collectors . Francois Ndungutse grew up in the area and used to hunt in the park . The former poacher says the last animal he killed was about eight years ago -- these days he urges people to protect the park 's animals as part of their livelihood . "  We used to live near this volcanic park , depending on it , " he said . "  At that time , we were very poor ... we were relying on the park to get the meat . " He said he and fellow poachers were persuaded to change their ways due to education programs from government agencies . "  In order to stop all this ... poaching , deforestation or any other illegal activities , it was a combined effort of the former Rwanda National Parks and Tourism Office and the current Rwanda Development Board  RDB  , " he said . "  The RDB met us and gave us a plan of action and showed us how we can live without poaching in the parks . " Vecellio said one of the amazing things about studying mountain gorillas was how close the primates let observers come to them , compared to other species she had studied . "  I started with western lowland gorillas , and the top distance was 50 meters to have them doing their activities , " she said . "  But here you can approach a gorilla very close , and they ignore your presence ... you can be there and just be a natural part of the forest and collect your data . "	There are only 800 mountain gorillas , found across two habitats in central Africa The species is endangered , but their numbers are growing due to conservation efforts Rwanda 's Karisoke Research Center was founded by the late zoologist Dian Fossey Her mission continues there , with some gorillas she named still under observation
Washington  CNN  -- Marijuana cultivation in Mexico increased 35 percent in 2008 and continues to grow , even as authorities there push forward with a large offensive against drug cartels that smuggle the product into the United States , according to a State Department report released this week . The 2010 International Narcotics Control Strategy Report  INCSR  , is a yearly report that assess anti-drug efforts around the world . The part of the report dealing with Mexico is illuminating because most of the illegal drugs in the United States are transported and smuggled through there . "  There 's a broad impact in the United States of cartel operations that are based or emanating from Mexico , " Assistant Secretary of State David T. Johnson said at the news conference where the report was released . The report could be additional fuel for critics who say that Mexican President Felipe Calderon 's war against the drug cartels has been ineffective at stopping the drug violence or the flow of illegal drugs . "  Despite the efforts of the  Mexican government  , drug cultivation rose significantly in 2009 according to U.S. government agencies ' estimates , " the report stated . In 2008 , 12,000 hectacres were used for marijuana cultivation , up from 8,900 in 2007 . The 35 percent increase is the most recent statistic available , and marks a 16-year high . Mexico also eradicated fewer marijuana plants than in previous years , the study said . "  Much of this can be attributed to Mexican law enforcement 's shift in focus to harder drugs such as methamphetamine as well as more military and law enforcement resources being diverted to confront the  cartels  and violence , " the report said . In the State Department 's assessment , Mexico fared better in other areas . By November of last year , Mexico had already seized more metric tons of cocaine than in 2008 , 20 compared to 19 . More opium gum had also been seized . The report also lauded arrests of Mexican traffickers . There were 36,332 total drug-trafficking arrests made in 2009 , a new record for the country , the report stated . Mexico also set a new record for people extradited to the United States , with 100 people sent to face the U.S. justice system , compared to 95 in 2008 . Meanwhile , drug production in Colombia , another key international player in the drug trade , decreased , according to the most recent statistics . "  I 'd say that of the three major coca-producing states in the Andes , Colombia continues to have significant declines , although it remains by far the largest producer , " Johnson told reporters . "  Peru had a modest increase . And Bolivia has a continuing trend of a step up per year in the neighborhood of 10 to 15 percent that 's taken place over the course of the last several years . "	Marijuana cultivation in Mexico increased 35 percent in 2008 , continues to grow , report says Total of 36,332 drug-trafficking arrests in Mexico made in 2009 , according to report Report noted that drug production in Colombia also decreased
CNN  -- Football 's version of the fabled David vs. Goliath battle will begin on Tuesday as Europe 's top club competition kicks off its quarterfinal stage . In one corner , modern-day giants Real Madrid -- one of the richest sporting teams in the world , with a squad featuring the planet 's most expensive player , Cristiano Ronaldo . Seeking to find a suitable slingshot are the players of APOEL Nicosia , a tiny Cypriot club playing in the last eight of the UEFA Champions League for the first time -- indeed , being the first team from the Mediterranean island to even reach the knockout stage . The gulf in pedigree between the two teams is immense . Real , with revenue of more than â ‚ ¬ 400 million  $ 530 million  last year , will seek to notch a record 200th win in the competition in the first leg in Nicosia . The Spanish league leaders last won the competition in 2002 , but have an unmatched nine crowns since the first staging in 1955-56 . APOEL have a yearly budget of â ‚ ¬ 9 million  $ 12 million  and a squad featuring no big names , bolstered by several South Americans . Both teams have a Brazilian player named Kaka -- Real 's is an $ 85 million former world player of the year , while APOEL 's is a defender on loan from German club Hertha Berlin who also played for the club 's Nicosia rivals Omonia in 2010 . They have another thing in common , this time an Argentine link which further highlights the clubs ' different worlds . Santiago Solari was a midfielder who enjoyed a glittering career which saw him win the Champions League with Real in 2002 and Spanish league titles in 2001 and 2003 . But while Santiago played alongside "  Galacticos " such as Zinedine Zidane , Luis Figo and Brazilian World Cup winner Ronaldo , his younger brother Esteban Solari was beginning his career with Buenos Aires club Defensa y Justice . Santiago turned out for historic teams such as Argentina 's River Plate and Italy 's Inter Milan during 15 years as a player , but Esteban has enjoyed a more modest career . The 31-year-old has played for nine clubs across three continents , waiting patiently for the chance to step out of his sibling 's shadow . "  I spoke to my brother and other members of my family after the draw , " Esteban Solari told UEFA 's official website . "  We spoke a bit about the history of the club  Real  and who they are . But that does n't change my feelings about this tie with respects to my brother having played for them . "  I go into this game just like any other player in the team . We are confident and we believe in ourselves . " APOEL , who have played just 49 Champions League matches compared to Real 's record total of 343 , have already upset the odds to make it this far in the competition . Ivan Jovanovic 's team finished top of a group which contained Russia 's Zenit St. Petersburg , Portuguese champions Porto and Ukrainian title winners Shakhtar Donetsk -- three teams who have all tasted glory in the second-tier Europa League in the last four years . APOEL 's unlikely run continued in the round of 16 with a dramatic penalty shootout victory over former French champions Lyon -- who had reached the knockout stages in each of the previous eight seasons . Esteban Solari hopes his brother would not begrudge APOEL a semifinal berth , where the minnows would face either 1993 winners Marseille of France or Germany 's four-time European champions and 2012 final hosts Bayern Munich . "  My brother is obviously a big supporter of Real and he will be hoping that they can go on to lift the trophy , " the striker said . "  But somehow , I believe there will be a piece of his heart rooting for my team as well . " Real will be motivated by the prospect of an "  El Clasico " final against archrivals and Champions League holders Barcelona , after the two teams were kept apart in the quarterfinal and semifinal draw earlier this month . Barca , who beat Real in the semifinals last year before going on to defeat Manchester United in the final , face a heavyweight clash against Italy 's seven-time winners AC Milan on Wednesday . Tuesday 's other quarterfinal tie pits 2008 runners-up Chelsea -- who have enjoyed an upturn in domestic form since sacking manager Andre Villas-Boas earlier this month -- against Portugal 's Benfica , who lifted the European Cup twice in the 1960s .	Spanish giants Real Madrid take on Cypriot minnows APOEL Nicosia on Tuesday APOEL are the first Cypriot team to have reached the Champions League knockout stages Real are aiming for a record 200th win in Europe 's premier club competition Real have played 343 matches in the competition , APOEL have played just 49
CNN  -- Central African Republic 's parliament elected the mayor of Bangui , the capital , as interim president Monday , United Nations peacekeepers there said . Catherine Samba-Panza , elected in a second-round runoff , will face the task of ending the country 's turmoil and months of sectarian violence as she heads a transitional government . "  This election must mark a new beginning as the country moves towards the full restoration of democratic legitimacy , including through free , transparent , and democratic consultations , " the United Nations Integrated Peacebuilding Office there said in a statement congratulating Samba-Panza on her victory . She replaces Michel Djotodia , the leader of the Seleka rebels who seized power in March . Djotodia stepped down 10 days ago under pressure after failing to halt the escalating violence in the country . Meanwhile in Brussels , European Union foreign ministers agreed to send EU troops to the country , a spokesman for the bloc 's top diplomat said . There are currently about 4,000 African troops and 1,600 French troops in the CAR to help end the violence . In a statement U.N. Secretary Ban Ki-moon welcomed the EU 's troop commitment and urged support for the African-led Support Mission to the Central African Republic  MISCA  . He asked the wider international community to provide financial support . "  The Secretary-General looks forward to generous contributions at the MISCA donor conference in Addis Ababa , Ethiopia , on 1 February . " the statement said . The Central African Republic , a former French colony , plunged into chaos last year after a coalition of rebels dubbed Seleka ousted President Francois Bozize , in the latest in a series of coups since the country gained independence . Rebels infiltrated the capital in March , sending Bozize fleeing to Cameroon . Djotodia , one of the Seleka leaders , became interim President . Since then , political turmoil and violence have spiraled . Seleka is a predominantly Muslim coalition , and to counter the attacks on Christian communities , vigilante Christian groups have fought back . The United Nations has said it fears a genocide is brewing , and aid agencies warn of a humanitarian crisis . The International Committee of the Red Cross said fresh inter-communal violence had flared in the west and northwest of the landlocked country . "  Red Cross staff and volunteers have buried some 50 bodies discovered in the area around Bossembele , Boyali and Boali , in the north-west of the country , " the ICRC said in a statement on Sunday . "  Much of the population , in danger of reprisals and with no one to protect them , have fled their homes and are hiding in the bush , " it added . The U.N. estimates that the worsening humanitarian crisis affects more than half of the country 's population . "  The Central African Republic , with the active support of the international community , has an opportunity for a new beginning . This opportunity must be seized , " the U.N. said . CNN 's Antonia Mortensen and Nana Karikari-apau contributed to this report .	The Central African Republic elects an interim president , Catherine Samba-Panza The mayor of Bangui is expected to help end the country 's sectarian violence The EU will send troops to support French and African soldiers already in the CAR The Red Cross says much of the population , fearing reprisal , is hiding in the bush
January 20 , 2015 Today 's show features history , with a review of some key events of the U.S. Civil Rights Movement . It features science , with reports on an ice storm , global temperatures , and some of the more random experiments aboard the International Space Station . And it features civics , with a 67-second look at 67 years of State of the Union speeches TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show . ROLL CALL For a chance to be mentioned on the next CNN Student News , comment on the bottom of this page with your school name , mascot , city and state . We will be selecting schools from the comments of the previous show . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call ! Thank you for using CNN Student News !	This page includes the show Transcript Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary At the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on CNN Student News . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call .
CNN  -- McLaren 's Lewis Hamilton scored an early boost over his three Formula One world-championship rivals on Friday as he set the fastest time in practice ahead of Sunday 's Abu Dhabi Grand Prix . Hamilton 's lap time of one minute 40.888 seconds put him clear of Red Bull duo Sebastian Vettel and Mark Webber , who finished second and fourth respectively , with Fernando Alonso -- the favorite to take the 2010 crown at the season-ending race -- third fastest . Who needs to do what to win the F1 drivers ' title Two-time champion Alonso , 29 , is the only one of the four who can seal the title at the Yas Marina Circuit with a top-two finish regardless of where the others finish , with each of the remaining drivers needing results to go their way for victory . Hamilton still holds a slim hope of winning his second championship ; he is currently fourth in the standings , 24 points behind leader Alonso , with 25 points on offer for the winner of the season 's final race . Formula One standings after Brazilian Grand Prix The 25-year-old had to battle with his Ferrari counterpart as they traded fast laps , but it was the 2008 champion who eventually got the better of the Spaniard . "  The car feels good , so I 'm hopeful for a good qualifying result tomorrow  Saturday  afternoon , " said Hamilton in a McLaren statement . "  Of course , it will be tough , because the Red Bulls tend to pull out half a second in the third round of qualifying , but our pace is closer to theirs than it 's ever been . "  Of all the weekends this year , this time I feel like we really do have the right package to challenge the fastest cars . I think we can fight for the front row . " The first practice session was dogged by unexpected rain on the track until the skies cleared and the driver 's enjoyed a disruption-free second session . Webber was almost half a second slower than the British pacesetter and knows he will need to improve over the course of the weekend if he is to win his first title . A repeat of the Australian 's fourth place in practice will require Alonso to finish ninth or lower in race for him to triumph . It was a decent start to the weekend for 23-year-old Vettel , who will more than likely need maximum points from Abu Dhabi to avoid the disappointment of finishing runner up for the second season running .	Lewis Hamilton set the fastest lap time in practice ahead of the Abu Dhabi Grand Prix The Red Bull 's of Sebastian Vettel and Mark Webber were second and fourth Championship leader Fernando Alonso was third fastest
UNITED NATIONS  CNN  -- Drawing on 2006 remarks in which he compared former U.S. President George Bush to the devil , Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez , speaking at the United Nations Thursday , said , "  It does n't smell like sulfur anymore . " Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez spoke highly of President Obama at the United Nations on Thursday . In a rambling speech at the U.N. General Assembly , Chavez spoke highly of current President Obama , saying he is an "  intelligent man " and comparing him to President John F. Kennedy . "  I hope God will protect Obama from the bullets that killed Kennedy , " he said . "  I hope Obama will be able to look and see , genuinely see , what has to be seen and bring about a change . " Three years ago , Chavez spoke at the gathering the day after Bush spoke , and said the lectern "  still smells of sulfur . " But on Thursday he looked around the podium and said , "  It does n't smell of sulfur . It 's gone . No , it smells of something else . It smells of hope . " He did , however , criticize some U.S. policies , questioning whether there are "  two Obamas . " Watch Chavez speak at the U.N. General Assembly " Chavez accused the Pentagon of being behind the ousting of Honduran President Jose Manuel Zelaya in a military-backed coup in June . "  American soldiers knew about the coup and supported it , " he said . "  Hence the contradiction that Obama has to face . Are there two Obamas ? Obama spoke here yesterday . Does he have a double ? ... Let 's hope the one we heard yesterday will prevail . Let us hope . That 's what the world needs . " The United States and Brazil have said they support dialogue between Zelaya and de facto President Roberto Micheletti , centered on the San Jose Accord brought about through the mediation of Costa Rican President Oscar Arias and the Organization of American States mission . That deal calls for Zelaya to be restored to office . "  The U.S. government , and this is strange , has not recognized the fact that a military coup d'etat has occurred , " Chavez said . "  There is some friction between the State Department and the Pentagon . " He said the coup was engineered by the Honduran bourgeoisie , "  four or five wealthy , powerful families . " Chavez also called for the United States to lift what he called the "  savage , murderous blockade " on Cuba , and was critical of plans to open U.S. military bases in Colombia , saying what the nation needs instead is aid to lift itself out of its civil war . In addition , Chavez criticized capitalism and extolled the virtues of socialism , saying it is "  the road to salvation for this planet . " He spoke for almost exactly an hour , less than the hour and 36 minutes Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi used on Wednesday . The Venezuelan president joked that he would not speak as long as Gadhafi , but said he planned to speak as long as Obama . Asked to expand on his "  two Obamas " comment at a news conference after his speech , Chavez said , "  I think that one of the serious failures of the United States has been that , for a long time , it has underestimated and undervalued Latin America and the Caribbean . ... I hope that Obama turns around the vision of the White House and the Department of State of Latin America . They can not continue to mistreat us . " He said one Obama spoke about peace in addressing the General Assembly , yet has seven U.S. military bases in Colombia . "  There 's a double somewhere , " he said . Asked by a reporter about the closures of television stations in Venezuela , Chavez said it was "  a big lie " and asked her to provide an example . She asked about RCT , or Radio Caracas Television . Chavez told her the station broadcasts every day , but that a contract , or concession , had expired for its "  open signal " and was not renewed . "  Never in Venezuela do we have as much freedom of expression as we do now , " he said . But , he asked , "  What would happen here in the United States if CNN and other stations supported a coup ? Not only would they be shut down , but their owners would have been taken to the electric chair . "	Three years ago , Chavez said it "  still smells of sulfur , " referring to President Bush Chavez spoke highly Obama , saying he is an "  intelligent man " Chavez said Pentagon behind ousting of Honduran President Jose Manuel Zelaya Chavez called for U.S. to lift "  savage , murderous blockade " on Cuba
CNN  -- Kim Kardashian 's weekend visit to promote milkshakes in Bahrain drew a large crowd of excited fans , but the promoter who brought the Hollywood reality star to the island Gulf state denied a report of protesters being tear-gassed by police . Kardashian , 32 , stopped in Bahrain Saturday as part of a Middle Eastern promotional tour for Millions of Milkshakes , a franchise created and owned by businessman Sheeraz Hasan . "  WHAT PROTESTS ?? Kim Kardashian loved by the people of Bahrain & wants to return !! " Hasan said in a Twitter posting Sunday . CNN has been unable to independently confirm the reports , all of which are ultimately attributed to an unidentified "  local newspaper , " that police used tear-gas grenades to disperse 100 Shiite Muslim protesters with anti-Kardashian signs before her arrival at a high-end shopping complex in Riffa , Bahrain . Read more : Kim Kardashian shakes Bahrain Kardashian , whose reps did not immediately respond to a CNN request for comment Sunday , did tweet about her visit Saturday , not addressing the protest report : "  Thanks @sheerazhasan and Paresh A Shah for an amazing trip to The Kingdom of Bahrain and Kuwait . We did it !!! " Kardashian , who initially gained notoriety when a sex tape with singer Ray J. Norwood leaked in 2007 , told fans gathered in the mall . "  It 's so beautiful here , the people are so amazing . " Shiites are two-thirds of Bahrain 's population , but it is ruled by a Sunni royal family . The split between Sunni and Shiite Muslims , the two major denominations of the Islamic faith , dates back to the 7th century when the two sects were divided over who should lead the nascent religion following the Prophet Mohammed 's death . Shiite Muslims believed a direct descendent of the prophet should lead , while Sunnis believed there was no rightful successor and that one should be selected by followers . The schism culminated in a war that forever split the sects . Shiite groups have conducted public protests demanding greater economic opportunities , including jobs , housing and political rights . "  Protests stem from a population who feel they are being treated as second-class citizens , not because they have different interpretations of the Quran , " said Jane Kinninmont , senior research fellow at British think tank Chatham House , in a CNN interview last year . Journalist Susannah Palk contributed to this report .	"  WHAT PROTESTS ?? Kim Kardashian loved by the people of Bahrain , " promoter tweets Reports quote a local newspaper saying tear gas was used to disperse protesters CNN has not independently confirmed police used tear gas on Kardashian protesters Kardashian visited Bahrain to promote a new milkshake shop at a Bahrain mall
CNN  -- A white tiger mauled a zookeeper to death at a New Zealand wildlife park Wednesday as a group of tourists watched in horror , police say . The zookeeper at Zion Wildlife Gardens in New Zealand could not be saved by other staff . The attack took place at the Zion Wildlife Gardens near Whangarei , about three hours north of Auckland . Two zookeepers had gone in to clean an enclosure at the park , when one of two white tigers inside lunged at a keeper , said Sarah Kennett , spokeswoman for Northland Police . The second keeper and other zoo staff tried to pull the tiger off the man but failed . He died shortly after , Kennett said . The tiger was put down , the park said . Watch park officials , visitors react " A group of eight tourists who were on a guided tour of the park witnessed the Wednesday morning attack , Kennett said . "  This is an incredibly sad day , " the park said in a statement , adding that it would provide counseling to its employees . The Zion Wildlife Gardens is home to several endangered tigers and lions . It is best known in New Zealand as the setting for the popular television series "  Lion Man . " In February , an employee needed surgery after he was attacked by a white tiger , according to local media reports . Last year , the country 's Ministry of Agriculture and Forestry released documents to CNN affiliate TVNZ that said animals at the park were kept in crowded , unsanitary conditions . Inspectors were so concerned about the conditions that they considered having 40 cats put down , the documents said .	White tiger mauls a zookeeper to death at a New Zealand wildlife park Attack happened in front of group of tourists Another keeper and zoo staff tried to pull the tiger off the man but failed
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Negotiations between the United States and Libya that could result in compensation for past acts of state-sponsored terrorism by Libya are under way , a senior State Department official said Friday . The wreckage of Pan Am 103 in Lockerbie , Scotland ; the bombing killed 270 people in 1989 . U.S. and Libyan officials met Wednesday and Thursday , the official said . The nations hope to hammer out a deal in which Libya would "  resolve all outstanding claims in good faith " and offer "  fair compensation " to victims and their families , he said . "  We are just at the beginning of this process . The goal is to get something that is fair and comprehensive , " the official said . The official said that any agreement would cover about eight acts , including the 1989 bombing of Pan Am Flight 103 over Lockerbie , Scotland , which killed 259 passengers and 11 people on the ground ; and the 1986 bombing of the La Belle disco in Berlin , Germany , that killed two people and injured at least 120 , including 40 Americans . Outstanding terrorism claims have been a problem for Libya in its attempts to normalize relations with the United States and to begin development of its oil resources . Libya has expressed disappointment that it has failed to reap any political and economic benefits promised by the U.S. government and others after Libya renounced terrorism and stopped development of weapons of mass destruction . And some of the largest U.S. oil companies are eager to begin exploration and development of Libya oil fields , among the 10 largest in the world . The new negotiations and development of an agreement would ideally fulfill all outstanding lawsuits against Libya and allow investment to move forward . A joint U.S.-Libyan statement said , "  Both parties affirm their desire to work together to resolve all outstanding claims in good faith and expeditiously in the establishment of a fair compensation mechanism . "	Nations hoping for deal in which Libya would compensate terrorism victims Eights acts would be covered in possible agreement Libya has tried to normalize relations with U.S. by renouncing terrorism U.S. oil companies want to explore and develop Libya 's oil fields
Few laws can drive political discourse and posturing like the Affordable Care Act , otherwise known as Obamacare . The individual mandate was one of its most contentious aspects . Today , though , it 's another mandate -- the employer penalty -- that is garnering headlines . The Obama administration announced it would delay the implementation of the employer penalty for a year , until 2015 . This move is sure to please businesses that employ a large number of lower-wage employees who do n't receive comprehensive health insurance . But it 's also been met with other cries of dismay . Some have declared the delay another bit of evidence that Obamacare is fatally flawed and that it should be repealed immediately . Others have declared that this delay bodes poorly for the individual mandate , which should not be attacked . And still more have taken it as a larger indication of the state of the administration , that it spells doom for immigration overhaul , that it 's a sign of a tyrannical administration , or that it 's just one more illustration of incompetence in getting Obamacare off the ground . For the most part , these are all political posturing . The employer penalty , like the individual mandate , is just one small part of a very large law . It serves a specific purpose , and although Obamacare will not perform as efficiently without it , it will still function . The employer penalty is complicated . The first thing to know is that it only applies to businesses with more than 50 full-time-equivalent employees . Any "  small business " with 50 or fewer employees does n't have to provide insurance at all . If you have more than 50 workers , you have to provide comprehensive insurance to your employees that covers a core set of benefits , and the premiums ca n't cost workers more than 9.5 % of their income . If you do n't , you pay a penalty of $ 2,000 for each full-time worker -- your total of employees minus 30 . Alternatively , you can provide them with much less comprehensive plans that meet "  minimum essential coverage . " But employees can refuse this coverage and instead go to an exchange in their state to obtain health insurance . If they do , businesses will pay a penalty of $ 3,000 for each employee who goes to an exchange and qualifies for a subsidy from the federal government . These penalties can add up to millions for large employers . So companies are taking them seriously . But it 's important to put things in perspective . It 's likely that more than 95 % of businesses are smaller than the 50-employee limit , so few need concern themselves with the penalty at all . Moreover , of the 4 % of employers who are large enough to have the penalty affect them , about 95 % already offer coverage . When all is said and done , the employer penalty will likely apply to about 10,000 companies out of about 6 million in the United States . Those companies employ about 1 % of American workers . But the penalty will still be real to these companies . They will be thrilled to see it delayed , and they will certainly fight to see it pushed back even further , or repealed . There are some reasons to cheer them on . The employer penalty , as designed , has a lot of flaws . It encourages employers to push people into part-time jobs to have fewer full-time employees to count . It also is an incentive to get people to hire more well-off employees as opposed to poorer employees , because they ca n't get subsidies in the exchanges and wo n't incur a penalty for the employer if insurance is n't offered . So why have an employer penalty at all ? The simple reason is that it lowers the cost of Obamacare . Helping people buy insurance is expensive . When people get their insurance in the exchange with a subsidy , it costs the federal government money . When they get their insurance at their job , it costs the federal government much less . So pushing the uninsured to their employers , through the penalty , lowers the cost of Obamacare overall . If we get rid of the employer penalty , the likely effect is that the number of uninsured will not drop as much , and the cost of the law will go up . It 's really that simple . Supporters of the law do n't like the former , and opponents do n't like the latter . So everyone will have something about which to complain . But still , the law will function , albeit less efficiently . As for me , I 've never had a huge problem with the employer penalty . For better or for worse , we have an employer-based insurance system in the United States . The majority of people living here get their insurance through a job . Partly that 's historical , because of wage freezes in World War II , and partly that 's because the tax deduction for employer-sponsored insurance makes it all the more enticing to get insurance instead of wage increases . So if we want to continue this type of system , it makes sense to have employers either provide insurance to their workers or pay some sort of tax , or penalty , to help the government do it for them . That does n't mean there are n't better ways to do this . First of all , we could uncouple insurance from jobs entirely . There 's really no good reason to have the system function this way . Past proposals , such as the Wyden-Bennett plan , would reduce employer-based insurance substantially . Sen. John McCain proposed eliminating the employer-sponsored insurance deduction in his 2008 presidential campaign . Even a single-payer plan , such as Medicare for all , would accomplish this task . Short of that , if you want to keep this system intact , other mechanisms such as an overall payroll tax instead of this employer penalty would have removed the various bad incentives to favor wealthy or part-time employees . It 's a fixable problem . But fixing it would require a functioning government . It would need Congress to pass a bill replacing or eliminating the employer mandate , and then the president to sign it . That 's not going to happen . Opponents of Obamacare do n't appear eager to fix the law in ways that would make it less unpopular or repeal less likely . Supporters do n't appear eager to spend political capital to tinker with a law that cost them so much to pass in the first place . So we 'll get administrative fixes such as this one , which wind up pleasing few , other than those who enjoy political theater .	Employer penalty for not providing full health care delayed for a year , till 2015 . Aaron Carroll : Outcry oversized since penalty applies only to companies with 50-plus workers Employer penalty will likely apply to about 10,000 companies out of about 6 million , he says Carroll : It 's all political theater -- Obamacare would hurt without penalty , but it would function
CNN  -- Egypt 's minister of antiquities said Monday that a one-year jail sentence and removal from his job for refusal to carry out a court ruling has been overruled by an administrative court decree . A source from the Interior Ministry told CNN that Zahi Hawass was sentenced in criminal court on Sunday , but in a blog post on his website , Hawass called that "  a complete misunderstanding , " and wrote that the appeals court issued a decree on Monday that will keep him out of jail and allow him to remain in his position . Hawass is renowned as one of the world 's leading experts on Egyptian antiquities . He was appointed minister of antiquities affairs in January by then-President Hosni Mubarak , before weeks of civil unrest led to Mubarak 's resignation . Previously , Hawass was secretary general of the Supreme Council of Antiquities . The Interior Ministry source told CNN on Monday that the sentence was not a post-revolutionary political act , but was imposed strictly for his failure to carry out the court order . The sentence was related to a charge that Hawass , acting as secretary general of the SCA , refused to carry out an order to stop the bidding process last year for companies to run a bookstore in the Egyptian Museum in Cairo . Hawass , however , claimed he could not have enforced the ruling because it came "  when it was too late to do anything . " The court order was issued in early June 2010 on behalf of the museum bookstore 's tenant at the time , who felt he should keep his contract , Hawass said . However , the new company had been chosen in late May , before the trial in the lawsuit began , and representatives of the Supreme Council of Antiquities "  did not have time to present evidence that the bidding had finished . " Further , Hawass said , a court in November ruled "  that I was innocent , because as the secretary general of the SCA , I was not in charge of legal affairs at the SCA , this was under the control of the Ministry of Culture at that time . " However , the plaintiff "  brought the case to the court again " claiming to have evidence Hawass was in charge of legal affairs for the council . Hawass said the SCA did n't have a legal representative at the court , which then imposed the sentence . "  This is how the court in Egypt works , and this is not an uncommon thing that the head of an organization gets sentenced like this , " Hawass wrote . " ... I respect the laws of my country very highly , and the rulings of our courts . I intend to handle this matter entirely within our legal system . Nothing will cause me to lose focus from my goal of protecting the sites of Egypt . " CNN 's Dina Amer in Cairo and Cameron Tankersley contributed to this report .	Zahi Hawass gets year in jail , loses job for refusing to carry out a court order , CNN is told The antiquities minister says an appeals court has decreed he will keep his job , not serve time Charges stem from a lawsuit brought by the then-tenant of a Cairo Museum bookstore The order came after the process he was to stop was already over , Hawass says
The arrest of Georgia megachurch pastor Creflo Dollar brought renewed attention to his message of the Prosperity Gospel , controversial to some and faith-fulfilling to its followers . Dollar , who was arrested last week after allegedly assaulting his teenage daughter , is the founder and pastor of World Changers Church International in suburban Atlanta . It claims about 30,000 members and has a multimillion-dollar sanctuary that resembles a golden-domed spaceship atop a hill . Dollar said in a statement he would never harm his children and that the facts in the case would be handled privately . Prosperity ministers preach that God rewards the faithful with wealth and spiritual gifts . Pastors such as T.D. Jakes , Dollar , and Joel Osteen have become the Prosperity Gospel 's most well known preachers , building megachurches and business empires with a message equating piety with prosperity . While popular in the black church , it is not a solely black phenomenon , as seen in the ministry of Osteen , a best-selling author and megapastor at Lakewood Church in Houston . The church website says it is considered to be the largest church in America , with more than 38,000 attendees . The Prosperity Gospel is a form of evangelical Christianity that largely grew out of the booming economy of postwar America , says Jonathan Walton , a professor of Christian Morals at Harvard and author of "  Watch This ! Televangelism and African American Religious Culture . " The theology 's emphasis is on God 's promised generosity in this life and the ability of believers to claim it for themselves . If God loves us , it teaches , then God will reward us with a new home , a good job , or good health , Walton says . God wants us to be prosperous . One of the problems that conservatives tend to have with prosperity theology is its focus on material prosperity , says Ben Phillips , a theology professor at the Southwestern Baptist Theological Seminary in Houston . "  The Prosperity Gospel tends to mask the greatest need that any individual has , and that 's to be reconciled to God through faith in Christ , " Phillips says . "  The point is that God is the ultimate good , " he continues . "  Knowing Him , being in a relationship with Him ... in which He is God and we are His creatures , that is where joy is found . " Believers may argue , however , that material wealth is evidence of being in covenant with God , says Michael Long , a teacher of religious studies at Elizabethtown College and editor of the book , "  I Must Resist : Bayard Rustin 's Life in Letters . " Those believers might say material goods are a side effect of believing in God and Christ , he says . "  The focus is on getting right with God , but you know that when you get right with God , you 're going to get something for it . " While the theology may attract more followers in a time of economic boom , the fact that it focuses so much on the individual and controlling one 's own heart is a comfort in tough economic times as well , Long says . Tom Brown , senior pastor of the Word of Life Church in El Paso , Texas , says wealth and prosperity are what God desires for us . "  Just as any parent enjoys watching their kids have fun , God delights in watching His children enjoy what money can buy , " Brown writes on the website for his ministry . "  I believe God is love and He desires the best life we can have . " Believers must then use their wealth to help others , Brown says -- and that to have money for its own sake is pointless . Phillips says it 's true that the Bible teaches Christians to care for the poor , sick and needy , "  but the Bible also teaches that God uses and permits suffering in the lives of people for His own ends and purposes . " He points to the Book of James , which says we must value the trials in our life because they shape our character . "  Believers in humble circumstances ought to take pride in their high position . But the rich should take pride in their humiliation -- since they will pass away like a wild flower , " it says in James 1:9 -10 . Critics may say prosperity followers are wrong , but believers say they are sincere , Walton says . The pastors may be pop culture celebrities , but it does n't mean their congregations do n't find fulfillment in the message . The pastors ' wealth , derided by some as evidence of hypocrisy , could also simply be seen as evidence of their faith , Walton says . "  The wealth is part of their authority , " he says .	Creflo Dollar preaches the "  Prosperity Gospel " The theology teaches that God rewards the faithful with wealth and gifts Critics say it focuses on material prosperity rather than a relationship with God
CNN  -- Remember when 50 seemed old ? Ad agencies and TV networks wo n't freely admit to catering to the AARP set . Fashion designers do n't typically pander to the grown-up in us . It 's tough to find someone 50 + on the cover of Vogue . And yet , for many women , 50 is the age when we reach our stride . It 's when we begin to love our maturing bodies . When we claim our personal style . When we step into our own power . So , what does the new 50 look like ? Two words : Michelle Obama . When you go through the endless scroll of photos of the first lady -- from Inauguration Day , when she first was cloaked in edgy designer Isabel Toledo , to a recent state dinner honoring the British Prime Minister where she was wearing a sleek , off-the-shoulder dress from American design house Marchesa -- you see a fabulous and undeniable evolution . First lady at 50 : Has big day changed ? Obama has the nerve to look younger , fitter , and more comfortable in her skin than she did seven years ago . How she does it is an inspiration to all of us over 50 . If a picture tells anything , it says she is poised to take on whatever comes her way with grace , dignity , humor , warmth and level-headedness . While she has come to be known both for her cut arms and her healthy manifesto to young people , "  Let 's Move , " what remains curious about this 5-foot-11 brown-skinned woman with decidedly black features  who could easily have been considered awkward  is that she has become a fashion icon . A trendsetter , even . Think about it : How many women in television news and in corporate offices across the country had what the President affectionately called "  the right to bare arms " before Michelle Obama started sporting her long , lean limbs ? Those sleeveless dresses got women pumping iron , too , urging them on with the dream that they , too , could look as good as she one day . Vanity has surely driven people to better health ! Michelle O -- much like her predecessor Jackie O -- has taken the global stage by storm , choosing to define a style for herself that defies tradition . The cut arms ? Check . The return of the bangs ? Check . The popularizing of affordable American fashion ? Check . 10 reasons to welcome turning 50 And why not ? All eyes were on Michelle Obama from the moment she walked into the White House . What would the first black first lady do to make her mark ? How would she present herself ? What would be her defining moments ? Michelle Obama has introduced the country and beyond to a woman who is unafraid to be herself , who embraces her uniqueness , and who strategically says what she thinks . Saying it through her attire was a clever way to open many doors . She sold out a Donna Ricco dress from White House/Black Market when she made an early appearance on "  The View , " showing you do n't have to break the bank to look good . She dazzled viewers in British-Nigerian designer Duro Olowu 's crazy mixed-up patterns while exercising with children on "  Sesame Street . " When she took off a shiny black leather jacket to do 25 pushups  three more than Ellen DeGeneres on her own show  , folks stopped checking so much for who she was wearing and instead took a good look at what she was saying . Had Michelle Obama come out on the national stage wearing a frown , pounding her fists , saying we have to get healthy and move our bodies or we are going to die , it 's unlikely that her cause would have been met with as much success . Instead , she has made looking and feeling good hip , even fashionable . For her , 50 is n't about Spanx or any other fat-cloaking accessory . When you are at your fighting weight and probably look amazing in a two-piece , why would you ? For this first lady -- whose agenda secretly looks more like that of Eleanor Roosevelt , who stood up for women and intelligence in the face of hostility and scorn -- engaging in the art of adornment to expand the lens of how people look at each other and their world has been nothing short of brilliant . In 2008 , America took a bet on a president and first lady who did n't remotely resemble their predecessors . Thank goodness , Michelle Obama did n't choose a predictable , cookie-cutter approach once she moved into 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue . She took a fashion road less traveled , walking away from heavyweights like Oscar de la Renta , Ralph Lauren and Carolina Herrera and choosing to give some newbies and/or smaller houses a chance . She gave Jason Wu a meteoric jump-start with her first inaugural gown , broadened black female designer Tracy Reese 's reach with a sunny People magazine cover and has championed a whole host of other creators -- Maria Pinto , Narciso Rodriguez , Thakoon , Tracy Feith , Rachel Roy -- many who got the kind of shine they had n't dared dream about before her reign . Why does this matter ? Michelle Obama has artfully navigated her time in office to elevate the collective consciousness about diversity , health and fitness . She 's faced the wrath of critics , who have picked on her for everything from her passion to get the nation 's youth into exercise to her amazing posterior to the sneakers she wore while volunteering at a food bank . Still , at 50 , she stands poised  often in Jimmy Choos  as a perfect example of what being grown and vital looks like . Who would n't want to look as good as Michelle Obama when crossing the halfway mark of life ? To the haters out there , take a look in the mirror and ask yourself if you 'd stand up in her shoes ? The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Harriette Cole .	Cole : What does the new 50 look like ? Two words : Michelle Obama Obama 's look says she 's poised to take on whatever comes her way , Cole says Cole : Obama has made looking and feeling good hip , even fashionable
Cairo  CNN  -- The legitimacy of Egypt 's military-backed government is being put to the test as the country voted on a new constitution after years of political turmoil and deadly violence . The result of the referendum wo n't be announced for another few days . But there 's little doubt it will be approved by a landslide , since opposition has largely been silenced through intimidation and arrests . After two days of voting , polls closed at 9 p.m.  2 p.m. ET  Wednesday , state TV reported , showing images of clear plastic bins being sealed with zip-ties . The question is whether the voter turnout will be high enough to bolster the government that took power after the military ousted former Muslim Brotherhood leader Mohamed Morsy from the presidency last year . A strong participation would translate into support for Gen. Abdel Fattah el-Sisi , the military chief behind the coup and interim government . If the draft constitution is passed , elections are expected to follow . Some predict el-Sisi will run for president . Observers are watching to see if participation is above 33 % . That 's the percentage of voters who turned out for the former Islamist-backed constitution . Military rule popular with Egyptians , study finds Violence on Day 1 Egyptian security forces arrested 125 people on the second day of voting , the official news agency MENA reported . They were arrested for rioting and trying to obstruct the electoral process , MENA said . The first day of polling was already marred by outbreaks of unrest . The Ministry of Health said nine people died Tuesday in violence related to the referendum . Clashes were reported in several provinces . At least four were killed in Sohag and one in Beni Seouif in clashes between supporters of the Muslim Brotherhood and security . Violations reported by rights groups monitoring the vote ranged between campaigning for "  yes " votes inside or near polling stations and preventing Christian voters from reaching polling stations in parts of Upper Egypt , which has a history of sectarian strife and is known for the strong presence of Islamist groups . Tuesday 's deaths were the latest twist in three years of political upheaval marked by two presidential departures and hundreds of deaths . Deep political divide The referendum is the first national vote since the ouster of the democratically elected President Mohamed Morsy . The proposed text would change the constitution to ban religious parties and give more power to the military . A deep political divide is evident between supporters of the interim military government and defenders of Morsy . Plenty of people voting at polling stations Tuesday expressed support for el-Sisi and the draft constitution . "  Egyptians ' vote today shows that they are completely against the former regime and they welcome the road map , " said Riham Emam . But others say that voices of dissent have been muzzled . "  The scary part is that opposition is no longer tolerated , even for political parties , " said Khaled Dawoud , a spokesman for the liberal Constitution Party . Authorities have cracked down on the Muslim Brotherhood since Morsy 's ouster , rounding up the movements leaders and making membership illegal . Opinion : Is Egypt back where it was in 2011 ? Constitutional changes Egyptians voted on the last constitution in December 2012 , while Morsy was still in power . But that constitution was suspended after the military deposed him in July . The latest proposal differs from the last constitution in several ways . Some say the draft constitution would mean improved human rights and freedom of expression . The new version explicitly states that women are equal to men and allows them to hold official and judicial posts , Al-Ahram said . The new articles would also give parliament the right to impeach the President in the event of a breach of the provisions of the constitution , Al-Ahram said . Other new articles would criminalize torture , discrimination and arbitrary forced displacement . Critics say the latest draft would give too much power to the military without any civilian oversight . For example , the draft gives tremendous leeway to the army to try civilians in military courts -- something many Egyptians have opposed for years . Morsy 's opponents said he was a tyrant trying to impose conservative values , but Morsy 's supporters say that the military has now returned to the authoritarian practices of longtime ruler Hosni Mubarak , who was deposed in a popular uprising in 2011 . Hundreds died in clashes between Egyptian security forces and Morsy supporters in the weeks that followed his ouster . Morsy has been in detention since July and faces charges of inciting the murders of at least three protesters outside the presidential palace in 2012 . The protests were over the constitution that Morsy shepherded into effect . Ian Lee reported from Cairo , and Jethro Mullen wrote from Hong Kong . Reza Sayah , Tom Watkins , Saad Abedine , Salma Abdelaziz , Holly Yan , Sarah Sirgany , Richard Allen Greene , Laura Smith-Spark and Marie-Louise Gumuchian contributed to this report .	NEW : Polls close after two days of voting on a draft constitution Security forces arrest 125 people on second day of vote , first day marred by violence The draft constitution would put more power in the hands of the military Hundreds have died amid political turmoil in Egypt over the past three years
Hong Kong  CNN  -- Users of Sina Weibo , China 's popular Twitter-like micro-blogging service , now have to abide by new rules aimed at preventing online rumors and other controversial posts . The "  user contracts " that took effect on Monday come as authorities put increased pressure on China 's social networks to police what their users are saying . Sina has also rolled out a points system as a way to manage users who post content that contravenes the new rules , according to documents posted on Sina Weibo 's website . Under the system , each Weibo account will begin with a score of 80 and points will be deducted for any perceived misconduct . Accounts that drop to zero will be canceled . Weibo and rival platforms like Tencent 's QQ have become hugely popular in China , with many Chinese regarding them as an important source of news and other information . Weibo is estimated to have 300 million users . The contract seeks to prevent posts that "  spread rumors , disrupt social order , or destroy social stability . " Other banned content includes revealing national secrets , threatening the honor of the nation , or promoting illicit behavior such as gambling . ` China 's Twitter ' introduces contracts to curb rumors The new rules also seek to stop the use of code words or other expressions often employed by Chinese web users to refer to controversial people or events . For example , the disgraced Chinese politician Bo Xilai was often referred to as BXL . Doug Young , a Chinese media expert from Fudan University in Shanghai , said the steps are intended to ease Beijing 's concerns about the spreading of false rumors . "  I think Sina are trying to be proactive and clean up the site and show the government they are taking steps to stop people from spreading false information or other posts that create trouble , " he said . In April , China 's Internet regulator temporarily suspended the comments sections of Weibo and Tencent 's QQ as a punishment for allowing rumors to spread . Authorities also closed 16 websites and detained six people for allegedly spreading rumors of "  military vehicles entering Beijing " shortly after the arrest of Bo when China 's Internet was rife with talk of an alleged coup .	Users of China 's popular Sina Weibo service have to abide by new rules aimed at preventing online rumors Points system introduced to manage user misconduct and punish abusers Steps come as Beijing puts pressure on social networks to police what their users are saying
HAMILTON , Bermuda  CNN  -- Four Chinese nationals of Uyghur ethnicity who had been held at the U.S. military 's Guantanamo Bay , Cuba , detention facility have been resettled in Bermuda , officials said Thursday . Attorney General Eric Holder says the U.S. is "  extremely grateful to the government of Bermuda . " "  Above all , this was a humanitarian act , " Bermudan Premier Ewart Brown told CNN in an interview at his Cabinet office in Hamilton , Bermuda . "  We do n't see it as quid pro quo . " The four were twice cleared for release -- once by the Bush administration and again this year , according to a Justice Department statement . They were among 17 Uyghur detainees at the facility set up to hold terror suspects . The four were flown by private plane Wednesday night from Cuba to Bermuda and were accompanied by U.S. and Bermudan representatives as well as their attorneys , according to Susan Baker Manning , part of the men 's legal team . President Obama has pledged to close the Guantanamo facility , raising questions of what will happen to the more than 200 remaining detainees . A political backlash against bringing any of the detainees to the United States has increased the focus on sending them to other countries . Brown said he read an article on the issue of the Guantanamo Bay detainees ' fates in The Washington Post while he was in Washington for a White House meeting in May . He said he decided to put an offer to the U.S. government "  on the table . " He said Bermuda , a British colony , told London of its intentions , but not until late in the process . Britain must approve the transfer for it to be permanent , Brown said , adding that he believes the issue may raise tension between Bermuda and Britain . The issue is controversial because of China 's opposition to the Uyghurs being sent to any country but China . Uyghurs are a Muslim minority from the Xinjiang province of far-west China . The 17 Uyghurs had left China and made their way to Afghanistan , where they settled in a camp with other Uyghurs opposed to the Chinese government , the Justice Department said in its statement . They left Afghanistan after U.S. bombings began in the area in October 2001 and were apprehended in Pakistan , the statement said . Watch concerns about resettling the Uyghur detainees " "  According to available information , these individuals did not travel to Afghanistan with the intent to take any hostile action against the United States , " the statement said . Manning said the 17 were picked up as a matter of circumstance and never had terrorist training . They left China because they did not agree with the government , she told CNN . However , China alleges the men are part of the East Turkestan Islamic Movement -- a group the U.S. State Department considers a terrorist organization -- that operates in the Xinjiang region . East Turkestan is another name for Xinjiang . China on Thursday urged the United States to hand over all 17 of the Uyghurs instead of sending them elsewhere . The Chinese statement followed an offer by Palau , a Pacific island nation , to accept the Uyghur detainees . The Xinjiang region of 20 million people is largely populated by ethnic Uyghurs and other Muslim minorities who have traditionally opposed Beijing 's rule and clamored for greater autonomy . A senior U.S. administration official told CNN the State Department is working on a final agreement with Palau to settle the matter of the 13 remaining Uyghur detainees . Issues to be worked out include how to transfer the Uyghurs to Palau and how much money the United States would give the men for resettlement , the official said . The official said the average in such cases is $ 100,000 per person . The United States will not send Uyghur detainees cleared for release back to China out of concern that they would be tortured by Chinese authorities . China has said no returned Uyghurs would be tortured . Palau said it will take in the ethnic Uyghur detainees for humanitarian reasons and because of the "  special relationship " between Palau and the United States . Palau , with a population of about 20,000 , is about 1,000 miles  1,600 kilometers  southeast of Manila in the Philippines and about 4,600 miles  7,400 kilometers  west of Hawaii . It has received nearly $ 900 million in U.S. aid since independence in 1994 , according to congressional auditors , and depends on Washington for its defense . In 2006 , five other Uyghur detainees were transferred to Albania , according to the Justice Department , which said it has no reports they took part in any post-resettlement criminal behavior or terrorist activities . Since 2002 , more than 540 detainees have departed Guantanamo for other countries , including Albania , Algeria , Afghanistan , Australia , Bangladesh , Bahrain , Belgium , Denmark , Egypt , France , Great Britain , Iran , Iraq , Jordan , Kazakhstan , Kuwait , Libya , Maldives , Mauritania , Morocco , Pakistan , Russia , Saudi Arabia , Spain , Sweden , Sudan , Tajikistan , Turkey , Uganda , the United Kingdom and Yemen , the Justice Department said . CNN 's Brian Vitagliano and Don Lemon contributed to this report .	NEW : Bermudan premier : "  Above all , this was a humanitarian act " Uyghurs are native Chinese Muslims ; the detainees were apprehended in Pakistan China urges U.S. to hand over all 17 Uyghurs held at Guantanamo Bay , Cuba Official says U.S. still negotiating with Palau to take remaining 13 Uyghurs
CNN  -- Glass screens that can feel the touch of your fingers are all the rage these days . You 'll find them in all kinds of gadgets , from smartphones to tablet computers . But the way a team of Disney Researchers sees it , there 's one huge problem with this technology : All glass screens feel exactly the same . So , OK , that "  problem " may not be keeping you up at night . But think about the difference between typing on a hardware keyboard , where you can feel whether your fingers are hitting the right keys , and a touch screen keyboard , where the letters "  q " and "  w " feel exactly the same -- as does the space between them . That 's the problem that Disney Research is hoping to solve with a new technology it 's calling "  TeslaTouch . " This new type of touch screen , which was demonstrated for the first time at a tech conference in New York this week , uses a small static force to control friction between a user 's finger and the touch screen . "  It 's kind of like a buzzing or a vibration . It has the same effect as a buzz , " said Chris Harrison , one of the Disney researchers and a Ph.D. student at Carnegie Mellon University . "  But if you carefully tune the frequency and the vibration of the panel you can actually create things that feel like sandpaper or rubber or a wall . " In the case of a touch screen keyboard -- like those on the Apple iPhone , for example -- users would be able to feel the location of the keys , and could learn to "  touch type " without looking at their hands , he said . When people clicked on a file to drag it into a folder , they would be able to feel the weight of the file and would know , through their sense of touch , that it had landed in the appropriate location , he said . Larger files , like HD movies , could also be made to seem heavier than small files , like text documents , Harrison said . "  A heavier document , like one that 's going to take longer to transfer , is going to feel heavier , " he said . Unlike other attempts at touch-screen technology with "  haptic feedback , " or impulses that stimulate the sense of touch , TeslaTouch has no moving parts . It uses small electrical impulses -- kind of like those involved in static cling -- to create a pull and push between a person 's fingertip and the gadget 's screen . Here are some of the nerdy details : The touch screen is made up of three layers . A glass plate , topped with a transparent electrode and an insulator , is what people touch . To simulate friction and texture , the electrode creates small electrical fields in the insulation layer . These fields oscillate between positive and negative charges , creating those sensations . Others have tried to use vibrations to make touch-sensitive screens feel more realistic . The BlackBerry Storm 's screen , for example , compresses and clicks when users push on it successfully . But that does n't allow for users to touch different parts of the screen and receive different touch sensations , Harrison said . That is possible with TeslaTouch . The Disney Research technology , which has not been commercialized , has been incorporated into at least two prototypes . One mobile device was demonstrated this week at a conference held by the Association for Computing Machinery . Another touch screen table is working at the Disney Research offices in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania , he said . Check out the project 's website for a video demo  bonus features include mysterious hands petting cats , pinching cloth and fondling glassware  . If you 're feeling especially studious , the research team has posted an academic paper that explains more fully how the tech works . He said this technology is n't the "  magic bullet " that will bring multitouch , tactile touch screens into the mainstream . But it may move them one step closer .	A new form of touch-screen technology debuts this week TeslaTouch aims to let touch screen users feel different sensations on glass The technology uses electrical impulses to simulate friction and texture The Disney Research project has not been commercialized
CNN  -- Elon Musk wants to revolutionize transportation . Again . The serial entrepreneur envisions a future where mag-lev trains in enormous pneumatic tubes whisk us from Los Angeles to New York in 45 minutes . Need to be in Beijing tomorrow ? No problem . It 's a two-hour ride away . As crazy as it sounds , Musk is merely updating an idea that 's been around since the early 1900s , and at least one company is working on a functional prototype . But according to Wired sources , his involvement wo n't be nearly as hands-on as Musk 's other endeavors at Tesla Motors and SpaceX . The engineering behind the Hyperloop is similar to the old-school pneumatic tube systems used by banks to suck your deposit to the teller at the drive-through . But naturally , it 's more complicated than that . A massive vacuum tube -- mounted either above ground or even under water -- would be combined with a magnetic levitation system used on conventional bullet trains . That means no friction , no wind resistance , no chance of collisions , and insanely high speeds . Musk described the Hyperloop as "  a cross between a Concorde , a railgun and an air hockey table , " at AllThingsD 's D11 conference earlier this year . And in an interview with PandoDaily , Musk said the Hyperloop could form a fifth tent pole of modern transportation , joining cars , planes , trains , and boats , adding that because of its low energy usage and ability to get juice from solar power , it could generate more power than it would consume . Elon Musk : Our future in space depends on reusable rockets But up until now , he has n't elaborated on his involvement . Musk 's interest in the idea was sparked after researching California 's new high-speed rail project and realizing that it will be the slowest and -- at $ 70 billion -- the most expensive system on the planet . To his mind , there 's a better solution . The Hyperloop is it . And one firm unaffiliated with Musk is in the early stages of development . ET3 , a company based in Longmont , Colorado , is working on a Evacuated Tube Transport  ETT  system , which it describes as "  space travel on Earth . " It uses two tubes -- one for each direction -- with 400-pound , passenger car-sized capsules that could house six people , each accelerated by linear electric motors . According to ET3 , state trips would average speeds of around 370 mph , while international trips would hit that insane 4,000 mph mark . The company , which calls itself an "  open consortium , " claims that it 's working with partners in China and has sold nearly 100 licenses for the technology . But ET3 ′ s claims pose more questions than answers , particularly when considering you can buy your own license for the bargain basement price of $ 100 . But the idea for a vacuum-sealed high-speed transit system is n't anything new . The "  vactrain " concept was floated in the early 1910s and a paper written by physicist R.M. Salter and published by the Rand Corporation in 1972 titled the "  Very High Speed Transit System , " or VHST , describes something very similar to what ET3 is developing . But where Musk fits in remains a question . Sources close to the Tesla co-founder and CEO say he believes ET3 is on the right track , but is missing some key components , and that Musk has his hands full with Tesla and SpaceX , and would rather have some involvement in the development , with another entity taking the helm . That lines up with a few responses Musk made on Twitter when asked about patenting the technology . "  I really hate patents unless critical to company survival , " Musk tweeted . "  Will publish Hyperloop as open source . " When asked about partners , Musk said he 's "  happy to work with the right partners . Must truly share philosophical goal of breakthrough tech done fast & w/o wasting money on BS . " We 'll have to wait until August 12th to find out more . Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $ 1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT ! Click here ! Copyright 2011 Wired.com .	Elon Musk wants to revolutionize transportation with high-speed trains in enormous pneumatic tubes Such trains could theoretically whisk people from Los Angeles to New York in 45 minutes A Colorado firm is in the early stages of development of such a system Musk is the serial entrepreneur behind Tesla , the electric car company , and Space X
CNN  -- France captain Thierry Henry says he considered quitting international football over the handball controversy as Les Bleus qualified for the World Cup finals at the expense of Ireland last week . Henry told the French sports paper L'Equipe that he felt "  truly alone " as the row raged over his blatant handball to assist William Gallas for the winning goal in the playoff match with the Irish at the Stade de France . The Barcelona striker faced a barrage of criticism at home and abroad and admits he questioned his future in French colors . "  Yes , I asked myself the question . "  Without the support of my family , I perhaps would not have made the same decision . "  But I will always fight to the end - even if what just happened will be engraved . You can always forgive but you can not always forget . " FIFA must act after Henry handball goal Henry revealed that he had little support from his own federation and as the row raged decided , with the help of his lawyer , to issue a statement in which he said that a replay of the second leg would be the "  fairest solution . " It came hours after world governing body FIFA had turned down Irish appeals for a second chance . "  After the game , and even for the next two days , I felt alone , truly alone , " Henry claimed . "  It was only after I sent my statement that people from the French federation appeared . " The 32-year-old , who forged his reputation in a glittering clear at English Premier League Arsenal , is France 's record scorer with 51 goals and will be a key player in the World Cup finals in South Africa . "  Despite everything that has happened , the fact of feeling abandoned , I do not let go of  playing for  my country , " he added . But Henry was repentant over his celebration with teammates after referee Martin Hansson had waived away Irish appeals to award the goal . "  I should not have done it , " he said . "  But frankly , it was uncontrollable . After all that had happened ... yes , I regret it . That 's why right after I spoke with the Irish one by one . " France , runners-up to Italy at the 2006 World Cup , will go into the draw for the finals in South Africa on December 4 as one of eight-seeded teams .	Thierry Henry claims he nearly quit international football after ` handball ' goal against Ireland Henry came under fire after his blatant handball set up winner for William Gallas Barcelona striker says he felt ` truly alone ' in the aftermath of the match Henry is France 's leading scorer in internationals with 51 goals
Washington  CNN  -- The question most readers will bring to George W. Bush 's memoirs can be put into just two words : "  Why Iraq ? " Here 's an abridgement of the former president 's answer , from pages 228-229 . "  There were state sponsors of terror . There were sworn enemies of America . There were hostile governments that threatened their neighbors . There were nations that violated international demands . There were dictators who repressed their people . And there were regimes that pursued WMD . Iraq combined all these threats . ... Before 9/11 , Saddam was a problem America might have been able to manage . Through the lens of the post-9 / 11 world , my view changed . I had just witnessed the damage inflicted by nineteen fanatics armed with cutters . I could only imagine the destruction possible if an enemy dictator passed his WMD to terrorists . " That 's the key point : After 9/11 , threats that previously glanced off all of our attentions suddenly rose to dominate our minds . Here 's George W. Bush again , from pages 152-153 , reporting on a discussion with Dick Cheney that occurred in October 2001 during a presidential visit to China . " ` Mr. President ... one of the bio-detectors went off at the White House . They found traces of botulinum toxin . The chances are we 've all been exposed . ' The CIA had briefed me on botulinum toxin . It was one of the world 's most poisonous substances . ... Deputy National Security Adviser Steve Hadley explained that the FBI was testing the suspicious substance on mice . The next twenty-four hours would be crucial . "  If the mice were still scurrying around , feet down , we 'd be fine . But if the mice were on their back , feet up , we 're goners . ... The next day , Condi got a message that Steve was trying to reach her . ' I guess this is the call , ' she said . After a few minutes , Condi came back with the news . ` Feet down , not feet up , ' she said . It was a false alarm . " I was working in the White House in October 2001 , and I remember vividly the mood of doom . Had you asked me then , I would have told you : I am certain I will die in the next two years . If it is n't botulinum toxin breathed into the air conditioning , then it will be a car bomb on 17th Street . If not a car bomb , then a sniper will open fire inside the Pennsylvania Avenue Starbucks where so many White House staffers picked up their morning caffe latte . I wrote a new will that October . I doubled my insurance coverage . My wife and I started uncorking and drinking the best bottles of wine in the cellar -- might as well enjoy them while we still could . President Bush nicely describes the way in which our post-9 / 11 fears became self-reinforcing . "  Years later , incidents like the botulinum scare can seem fanciful and far-fetched . It 's easy to chuckle at the image of America 's most senior officials praying for lab mice to stay upright . But at the time , the threats were urgent and real . Six mornings a week , George Tenet and the CIA briefed me on what they called the Threat Matrix , a summary of potential attacks on the homeland . "  On Sundays , I received a written intelligence briefing . Between 9/11 and mid-2003 , the CIA reported to me on an average of 400 specific threats each month . The CIA tracked more than twenty separate alleged large-scale attack plots , ranging from possible chemical and biological operations in Europe to potential homeland attacks involved -LSB- sic -RSB- sleeper operatives . Some reports mentioned specific targets , including major landmarks , military bases , universities , and shopping malls . For months after 9/11 , I would wake up in the middle of the night worried about what I had read . " In retrospect , these CIA warnings look like a classic bureaucratic response : Chagrined by their failure to thwart the 9/11 attacks , America 's intelligence agencies overcorrected . On September 9 , 2001 , a state trooper in Maryland pulled over one of the 9/11 hijackers for speeding . Ziad Samir Jarrah , one of the four men who seized the plane that crashed in Pennsylvania , was driving 95 mph in a 60 mph zone . Had Jarrah been detained , who knows how his fellow plotters would have reacted ? Maybe they would have assumed their security had been breached and canceled the operation . But Jarrah 's name did not appear on any watch list , much less any list shared with local law enforcement . Having missed Jarrah , the agencies became determined never again to miss anyone . They careened from providing a false negative to generating hundreds of false positives . Bush mentions that in late September 2001 , FBI director Bob Mueller told him that there were 331 potential al Qaeda operatives inside the United States . The October anthrax attacks intensified the alarmist mood . In the days after October 2 , 2001 , anthrax-laced letters arrived at the National Enquirer ; ABC , NBC and CBS News ; and the Senate offices of Majority Leader Tom Daschle . Altogether , 17 people were infected . Five died . From the memoirs of George W. Bush , pages 157-158 . "  One of the letters containing anthrax read : 09-11-01 YOU CAN NOT STOP US . WE HAVE THIS ANTHRAX . YOU DIE NOW . ARE YOU AFRAID ? DEATH TO AMERICA . DEATH TO ISRAEL . ALLAH IS GREAT . I was struck by a sickening thought : Was this the second wave , a biological attack ? ... The biggest question during the anthrax attack was where it was coming from . One of the best intelligence services in Europe said it suspected Iraq . " And now the key line , on page 159 : "  We believed more attacks were coming , but we did n't know when , where , or from whom . ... As time passed , some critics charged that we inflated the threat or manipulated alert levels for political benefit . They were flat wrong . We took the intelligence seriously ... " iReporter : Welcome back , President Bush Bush 's account of his decision-making in his Iraq chapter will likely seem stunted to many readers . He offers considerable detail on the milestones toward the decision -- and yet readers will search in vain for the actual moment at which the decision occurred . On page 251 , he "  was n't ready to move yet . " On page 252 , "  I was deeply disappointed that diplomacy had failed . " On page 253 , "  Military action was my last resort . But I believed it was necessary . " The how is all there . But a big part of the why is here : "  I remembered the shattering pain of 9/11 , a surprise attack for which we received no warning . This time we had a warning like a blaring siren . " The U.S. had been accepting risks from Saddam Hussein for more than a decade . Suddenly those risks were now intolerable . And for all the grief and cost of Saddam 's removal , that particular risk now threatens the United States no longer . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of David Frum .	David Frum : Bush 's memoirs help explain why U.S. attacked Iraq He says White House was being briefed on huge number of threats Intelligence agencies overreacted after failing to stop 9/11 , he says Saddam Hussein was a threat the U.S. could anticipate , Frum says
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- President Barack Obama is planning to issue three executive orders Thursday , including one demanding the U.S. military detention facility at Guantanamo Bay be closed within a year , according to a senior administration official and a congressional aide . A guard keeps watch from a tower at the military facility at Guantanamo Bay , Cuba . A second executive order will formally ban torture by requiring the Army field manual be used as the guide for terror interrogations , essentially ending the Bush administration 's CIA program of enhanced interrogation methods . A third executive order , according to the officials , will order a systematic review of detention policies and procedures and a review of all individual cases . The officials said new White House Counsel Greg Craig was briefing congressional Republicans Wednesday afternoon about the three executive orders . "  We 've always said the process would include consultation , " the senior administration official said of the closed-door meeting informing Republicans of the moves . The detention facility at Guantanamo Bay became a lightning rod for critics who charged that the Bush administration had used torture on terror detainees . President George W. Bush and other senior officials repeatedly denied that the U.S. government had used torture to extract intelligence from terror suspects . Obama 's move will set off a fierce legal struggle over where the prison 's detainees will go next . Watch experts debate the Gitmo dilemma " "  The key question is where do you put these terrorists , " House Minority Leader John Boehner , R-Ohio , said in a statement issued Wednesday . "  Do you bring them inside our borders ? Do you release them back into the battlefield ? " The meeting with Craig did not address how the administration plans to handle Guantanamo detainees , said Rep. Bill Young of Florida , the top Republican on the Defense Appropriations Committee . The executive orders "  will leave some wiggle room for the administration , " he said . Young said he has "  quite a bit of anxiety " about transferring detainees to United States facilities . "  Number one , they 're dangerous , " he said . "  Secondly , once they become present in the United States , what is their legal status ? What is their constitutional status ? I worry about that , because I do n't want them to have the same constitutional rights that you and I have . They 're our enemy . " Watch what may happen to Gitmo 's inmates " He said he asked Craig what the government plans to do with two recently built facilities at Guantanamo , which he said cost $ 500 million . He said Craig had no answer , but pledged to discuss the issue further . Young said he suggested reopening Alcatraz , the closed federal prison on an island outside San Francisco , California -- in Democratic House Speaker Nancy Pelosi 's district . "  Put them in Alcatraz , where supposedly they ca n't escape from , " Young said , but added the suggestion "  did n't go over well . " The revelation coincided with a judge 's decision on Wednesday to halt the September 11 terrorism cases at the behest of President Obama . On Tuesday , he directed Defense Secretary Robert Gates to ask prosecutors to seek stays for 120 days so terrorism cases at the facility can be reviewed , according to a military official close to the proceedings . CNN 's Susan Candiotti and Laurie Ure contributed to this report .	NEW : Obama to issue 3 orders Thursday that break from Bush administration NEW : Order 2 will ban torture by requiring use of Army field manual for interrogations NEW : 3rd order will mandate review of detention policies and procedures Military judge grants Obama 's request to stay cases for 120 days
Atlanta  CNN  -- "  It 's so empowering to see yourself as a machine . " Jennie Finch speaks gently from an overstuffed chair in the CNN newsroom . The camera is finally off , and although her heart-shaped face was made for TV , it 's easy to see she 's more comfortable now that she 's not reciting lines in front of the blinking red light . "  When I was 12 , I had a coach tell me I would never be a championship pitcher , " Finch continues . "  That devastated me . I was crushed . And my dad drilled it in my head , you know , ` If you want it bad enough , and you 're willing to make the sacrifices , you can do it . But first you have to believe in yourself . ' " Her coach was wrong . Finch , a two-time Olympic softball player , is arguably one of the greatest pitchers in the history of the sport . As a senior at the University of Arizona she set a NCAA record with 60 consecutive wins  hitting 50 home runs along the way  . She then led Team USA to two world championships and two Olympic medals -- a gold in Athens in 2004 and a silver in Beijing . Finch became the face of fast-pitch softball as the sport 's popularity grew in America and abroad . Her competitive nature aided her on the field ; her polite optimism helped her off of it . Her love for hair ribbons and the color pink also made her a fan favorite . Finch showed it was cool to "  Throw Like a Girl , " not so coincidentally the name of her new book . Her annual softball camps are now filled with girls who have mounds of dirt under their prettily painted fingernails . Finch retired from softball in 2010 at the ripe-old age of 29 to raise her son Ace , now 5 years old . She and her husband , professional baseball pitcher Casey Daigle , live on a farm in Sulphur , Louisiana . But that does n't mean Finch has slowed down any . In November , four months after giving birth to son Diesel , she ran the New York City Marathon . Starting dead last , Finch passed 30,397 people on her way to the finish line , earning more than $ 30,000 for charity . "  There 's nothing better than working up a good sweat , " Finch says . "  I make time to keep active . I know how important it is to keep moving . " With baseball season right around the corner , CNN jumped at the chance to ask Finch more about how she stays fit , the future of competitive softball and why we do n't watch professional women 's sports . The following is an edited version of the interview : Why is it important for young girls to get involved in sports ? It 's crucial . The statistics are incredible . Teen pregnancy rates drop . Grade point averages are , you know , higher . Suicide . Depression . It affects all of those . When you 're involved in sports you just have that much great chance of being successful and living a healthy lifestyle . And I think learning things at a young age you can carry that with you forever . I know , for myself , there are lessons I learned that transcend into motherhood , into the business world , wherever I go : teamwork , leadership , discipline , sacrifice -- all those things carryover . Jennie Finch inspires Fit Nation triathlete It 's no secret that girls can be mean , especially in high school . Did you have to deal with that at all ? Yeah , you know you 're always going to have tough people to deal with . I think it 's a matter of taking the high road . ` You have to look yourself in the mirror at night . If you know that you 've given your best and your heart is in the right place , that 's all you can do . The truth will reveal itself . I 've seen it over and over . Success finds those that truly work hard and that truly do have the right heart and the right mind . How did your dad walk that fine line between being supportive and being your coach ? He was crazy , definitely . But you know , without that crazy father of mine , I would not be where I am today . My mom knew whether it was a good or bad workout because I was either in tears or happy after . But it was like he knew how far to push me and I do n't think he ever went to the point where I resented the game for it . Ultimately he loved me . That 's the most important part -- that unconditional love . ... It was never  like  I was afraid to make the mistake . It was always a matter of me working hard and working hard when no one 's watching and doing the stuff that no one else wanted to do , making those ultimate sacrifices . As teenagers , we 're instinctively lazy . You want to just hang with your friends , go to the mall . How did you get past that ? Something my dad always said : "  God gave you this gift , and it 's your responsibility to carry it out . " And I think my competitive nature . Growing up with two older brothers , losing at everything , I have this competitive fire -LSB- and -RSB- drive within me that helped carry me through a lot . When I look at teens today ... we 're used to instant gratification with technology . Success does n't come in an instant . It 's the process ; it 's the journey . It 's the hard work that it takes to get there . So I think that  you have to  try to enjoy the process and know that it 's a lot of blood , sweat and tears to get you there . Baseball season is coming up . Who will you be rooting for ? The Dodgers ! I grew up a Dodgers fan . And then being married to a baseball player , kind of whatever team he 's with . Now we kind of have a lot of friends that play so more individuals than teams but -LSB- I -RSB- always have to go for L.A. teams . You were obviously disappointed when the Olympics committee decided to cut softball from the games . Where is the sport going next ? It 's an uphill battle . Our work is cut out for us . Lucky for us , in the U.S. the college game is very popular and growing . But it 's outside of the U.S. that I think the Olympic decision is going to hurt the most because these countries just kind of finally got their federations together and got the funding and had built these programs and without the Olympics their funding is lost so ... we 're working hard to get it back in for 2012 now . So in the next year we 'll be campaigning for the vote . You often hear that people do n't watch women 's professional sports . Why do you think that is ? I think , you know , you have to appreciate the women 's games for the women 's games . Can we compare it to the men 's ? On some levels yes , on some levels no . And I think too , marketing is a lot , a huge part of it . Unfortunately there 's not much PR or marketing in women 's athletics . We 've gotten a lot better but we still have more to accomplish and to keep breaking down those barriers . It 's been great to see the college game picked up and the ratings be so successful . Because people are watching and there is an audience out there and that do enjoy it and the ratings prove that . You ran a marathon four months after having your second son . How did you do it ? Mental toughness . So much of it is between your own ears and fighting that doubt . We will always have that doubt , but that 's what keeps us on edge and keeps us working harder . Preparation builds the confidence to overcome that doubt , but I do n't think you truly do ever overcome it , or I never did . Even up to mile 25 it was like , "  Can I go another mile ? " It 's like , "  Yes , I can . " -LSB- It 's -RSB- that internal battle that you have to keep fighting and winning . Tell us a bit about you stay healthy at home . I 'm all about balance . Nothing extreme . I live in Louisiana so we eat ; we 're surrounded by way too much good food . So I kind of work out to eat . But like I said it 's all about balance . It 's not like I never have dessert , I just try to eat it in moderation and make my workouts so I can eat what I want and enjoy it . Having two little boys , it 's easy to keep moving . A lot of times it 's not going to the gym -LSB- and -RSB- getting in an hour of cardio . A lot of times it 's just me being outside , playing with my boys , jumping on the trampoline . Whatever it takes to get me moving and my heart rate pumping . My workouts I like to mix it up . I have met an incredible running group that has helped me tremendously -- social time for me , fellowship and just an escape from everything . I put in workout DVDs , whether it 's yoga , pilates , tae bo even -- my old school ones . I love getting outside with my boys . I lift weights every now and then . Do you have any advice for someone who 's sitting at home right now , going , "  Yeah , OK , Jennie , but you 're a natural athlete . How do I run a marathon ? " It 's all about starting . You know , baby steps . It 's not going to be about instant gratification that we want , that we 're used to in this day and age . But it is about the process and the journey and just making those subtle changes . Parking a little further . Walking up the stairs . Those little things that can help and get you kick-started . I saw something recently that was like , as long as you 're moving , you 're better off than being on the couch . No matter what pace you 're at . You 're not going to get off the couch and be at some amazing fast pace or burn crazy amounts of calories but you have to start somewhere . ... Eventually you 'll get there . We all have excuses but leave those excuses at the door . If you want it bad enough , go for it . Life 's too short not to .	Jennie Finch is an Olympic softball player and one of the sport 's greatest pitchers Her dad told her , "  God gave you this gift , and it 's your responsibility to carry it out " Four months after giving birth , Finch ran the New York City Marathon
March 11 , 2015 Whether you teach geography , social studies or history , we have content for your classroom today on CNN Student News . Go inside a Middle Eastern country at the center of international scrutiny . Get a sense of what kinds of historic artifacts ISIS has destroyed , and examine signs that the terrorist group may be weakening . And see what 's key to the survival of the typewriter . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript and a place for you to request to be on the CNN Student News Roll Call . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show . ROLL CALL For a chance to be mentioned on the next CNN Student News , comment on the bottom of this page with your school name , mascot , city and state . We will be selecting schools from the comments of the previous show . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call ! Thank you for using CNN Student News !	This page includes the show Transcript Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary At the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on CNN Student News . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call .
CNN  -- Carmichael Griffin did n't think anything of it when his face began to swell . He assumed he had just gained a couple of pounds . But when the swelling progressed to severe vomiting and frequent urination , he knew something was wrong . It turned out that both of his kidneys were failing . He was suffering from hypertension , a common ailment among African-American patients . "  My blood pressure had scarred my kidneys so much they were surprised I did n't have a stroke then , " said Griffin , 32 . "  I was a walking time bomb . " That was nearly 12 years ago . The Washington-based music producer and actor has been on dialysis and awaiting a kidney transplant since then . A study published this month by the American Journal of Kidney Diseases shows that African-American patients awaiting a new organ are less likely to get one than non-black patients . At the 275 transplant centers in the United States , African-Americans had at least a 35 % lower chance of receiving a live kidney donation , said Dr. Erin Hall of the Department of Surgery at the Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine . At some centers , African-Americans had a 76 % lower chance of getting an organ . The study surveyed 247,707 adults registered for first-time kidney transplants from 1995 to 2007 . About 92,000 people in the United States are on a waiting list for a kidney transplant . More than one-third are African-Americans , according to the National Kidney Foundation . In 2011 , 5,771 living donor transplants were performed , 813 on African-American patients . "  African-Americans had lower odds of obtaining living donor kidney transplantation at every transplant center in the country , " Hall said . Living donor transplants -- donations of an organ or part of an organ from a live person -- are the best option . A kidney from a living donor usually starts to function immediately . In some cases , a kidney from a deceased donor may require a patient to remain on dialysis until it begins to function . The racial disparity may be attributed to education levels , economic factors or medical characteristics such as blood type , Hall said . Also , some centers may be more focused on deceased kidney transplants , she said . "  There 's also a higher prevalence of obesity and diabetes -LSB- among African-Americans -RSB- that would preclude you to become a donor , " Hall said . Griffin believes there 's a lack of support and knowledge about kidney donation among African-Americans . He has asked family and friends for help , but to no avail . "  I am exhausted , " he said . "  I have a couple of white friends who received transplants and a few black friends whose families donated it to them . Makes me wonder what I 'm doing wrong . " He says more education is needed , that potential donors need to know that it 's not a life sentence for them . "  Of course living donor kidney transplantation involves not only the recipient of the kidney , but also the donor , " Hall said . "  It could be the social networks of African-American populations . " Hall advises frustrated African-American patients that it is never too late to take control of their medical care , and to continue to ask . She suggests patients educate themselves more on the process of living organ donation so that they become more comfortable speaking with potential donors . "  If we continue to fight for them , and they continue to fight for themselves , we can reach a good solution , " Hall said . Griffin has stopped asking family and friends for an organ , but he continues to produce music and act . His hope is that he can one day do those things away from a dialysis machine .	Thousands of patients in the U.S. are in need of a kidney transplant Study : African-Americans have lower odds of getting a live donor Disparity may be because of education levels , economic factors
CNN  -- The Middle East may be awash with cash , but that did n't stop the region 's stock markets being swept up in the global gloom that engulfed investors around the world this week . Traders at the Kuwait Stock Exchange in happier times -- this week Kuwait 's main index fell four percent . The region 's share markets tumbled in a Mexican wave of selling that started in the U.S. and quickly spread to Asia and Europe . In the Middle East , the Saudi stock market suffered some of the biggest falls ; dropping ten percent in Tuesday 's trade , its largest one-day slump on record . "  It highlights the extent to which international investors have really come into the market during the course of 2007 , " says Anais Faraj , Nomura 's Executive Director of Investment Banking for the Middle East . "  What you 're seeing now is that international investors who might have lost money in the sell-off in the U.S. and Europe cashing in where they 've made some profits to staunch their wounds . " On Tuesday , the U.S. Federal Reserve shocked the market with its own measure to stem the sell-off . It cut interest rates by 75 percentage points to 3.5 percent , its biggest single cut in since October 1984 , and the first between scheduled meetings since the 9/11 attacks in 2001 . And it worked . Markets in the Middle East clawed back lost ground , but it also forced the hand of the region 's central bankers whose currencies are pegged to the dollar . Saudi Arabia , the UAE , Qatar , and Bahrain all cut key interest rates in tandem with the U.S. , and Oman was expected to follow . Despite having dropped its peg with the dollar last May , Kuwait also cut its benchmark interest rate for the first time in eighteen months . Kuwait Central Bank Governor Sheikh Salem Abdul-Aziz al-Sabah is quoted as saying : "  The measure aims at reducing any negative impact that could arise from unjustified high margins between the interest rate on the dinar and international currencies . " While it may solve one problem , it only exacerbates another : Inflation . "  We are seeing a policy from the Fed , which is fully appropriate for the U.S. economy , being imported into the Gulf , " says Marios Maratheftis , Regional Head of Research for Middle East for Standard Chartered . "  Unfortunately what is good for the U.S. is not good for the Gulf economy , " he says . "  Inflation is already high and it 's already a concern , but something that concerns me the most is not so much the present inflation , it 's the inflation expectations we 're seeing . " He says the Gulf governments need to act , and if they 're not prepared to drop their peg with the dollar , they must consider revaluing their currencies . "  The choice to proceed with a one-off valuation of the currencies would help to drain some of the liquidity out of the system . It would send a message to the economy participants in the region that there is a response to the inflationary pressures . " While this week 's turmoil in the world financial markets may have been a curse for the Gulf economies , it could also be viewed as a potential blessing for the region 's sovereign wealth funds  SWFs  . As little as two weeks ago , they were in the market buying shares in leading U.S. banks Citigroup and Merrill Lynch . For them , the sell-off has created more buying opportunities . "  Where there is more risk and less certainty and less leverage available these guys are going to come in and support the stock market . From what we 've seen , they 're certainly ready to go out shopping , " says Anais Faraj from Nomura . The chief of the Kuwait Investment Authority confirmed as much on the sidelines of the World Economic Forum in Davos , Switzerland . Bader Al Sa'ad is reported to have said he viewed the sell-off as a "  pure investment opportunity " , citing the financial and real estate sectors as areas of interest . After much speculation , Saudi Arabia has confirmed it is considering launching its first sovereign wealth fund , a $ 6 billion investment pot accrued during the oil boom . However , the Vice Governor of the Kingdom 's Central Bank Mohammed Al-Jasser is reported to have said Saudi Arabia "  can live without one " if there 's "  endless debate about abuses . " Read more about calls for greater SWF transparency Marios Maratheftis from Standard Chartered says the flow of funds from the Gulf to the West will help to correct the current imbalance in the global economy . "  There 's a shift of wealth . Asia and the Middle East are becoming richer and more important global powers . It 's a fact and it 's happening , " he says . "  The surplus countries need to recycle their income into the deficit countries . These flows are being translated into the action of the sovereign wealth funds . In the current global environment it 's very natural for sovereign wealth funds from the East to be looking at investing in the West . " E-mail to a friend	Mideast indices swept up in global stock sell-off as foreign investors bail out Gulf central bankers follow lead from U.S. Federal Reserve , cut interest rates Sell-off expected to create buying opportunities for sovereign wealth funds Maratheftis : Flow of funds will help correct current global imbalance
Heroin and alcohol were blamed for the deaths of two American security officers aboard the infamous cargo ship Maersk Alabama , police in the Seychelles have concluded , citing a toxicology report on Tuesday . Police said toxicologists in Mauritius found alcohol in the blood of Jeffrey Reynolds , 44 , and Mark Kennedy , 43 , who both suffered respiratory failure and heart attacks . Foul play was ruled out . A police statement on the lab report did not mention whether the two former Navy SEALS tasked with ship security had heroin in their blood . But it did cite heroin consumption as a cause of death , along with alcohol . The drug was found with their bodies on the ship on February 18 . The Maersk Alabama gained notoriety when Somali pirates seized it in lawless Indian Ocean waters five years ago . The hijacking ended , when U.S. Navy marksmen shot three pirates dead . The feature film "  Captain Philips , " starring Tom Hanks was based on its capture . Reynolds and Kennedy died after going on shore leave in Port Victoria , Seychelles , in the Indian Ocean , local police spokesman Jean Toussaint has said . The ship arrived on February 16 with a 24-man crew and had been expected to leave two days later . The bodies were found by a colleague who had gone to check in with one of the men in a cabin , Seychelles police said . Neighbors of the men in the United States were surprised to hear about suspicions of drug and alcohol overdose . They described Kennedy and Reynolds as fitness and health oriented . But police in the Seychelles say surveillance camera footage showed the two in a bar until closing and meeting after with two women , who they described as prostitutes . Police said the women took Kennedy and Reynolds to a place where they could buy heroin . Source : Seychelles video shows 2 Americans on the town before deaths Autopsy : Men on Maersk had respiratory failure , suspected heart attacks	Police say toxicologists found alcohol in the blood of Jeffrey Reynolds and Mark Kennedy Heroin was found in the cabin with their bodies , and also contributed to their deaths Foul play was ruled out in the deaths of the two Navy SEALS in February The Maersk Alabama cargo ship was made famous by a Somali pirate attack in 2009
CNN  -- The score was tied at 53 . The game was in overtime . The mood , electric . Number 35 came charging up to the net and hit a last moment winning layup for his undefeated Fennville High School Blackhawks to end the season Thursday night with a perfect 20 games . The other players hoisted their star , 16-year-old Wes Leonard , on their shoulders . The screaming crowd charged the court to hug him . It was the biggest moment in memory for the tiny Michigan town of Fennville . And then it all turned to black . Silence fell under the harsh glare of the florescent lights . Leonard lay still on the court , pale in his school colors . His family and coaches surrounded him . He was n't breathing , his friend Arista Sauceda recalled . His heart had stopped cold . After attempts to revive the varsity player in the gym , an ambulance transported him to nearby Holland Hospital . Doctors worked on him for an hour and 20 minutes . They could not save him . By 10:40 at night , when Leonard should have been out celebrating with his classmates , he was dead . It 's hoped an autopsy will determine the cause of death , said Tim Breed , hospital spokesman and a 1977 graduate of Fennville High School . As news of Leonard 's death spread , a small community on the banks of Lake Michigan convulsed in shock . A moment of enormous school pride was reduced to irrelevance , a moment of joy turned into the opposite . A Facebook memorial page -- R.I.P. Wes Leonard -- created Friday , quickly filled with thoughts and prayers . "  Blackhawk Down , " the page said . Sauceda described Leonard as an affable guy , popular for his smile and jokes . He excelled in athletics scoring 1,000 career basketball points and playing quarterback for the school 's football team . She said Leonard 's family moved to Fennville when he was in middle school . His mother , Jocelyn Leonard , teaches music and is the drama director at Fennville and Sauceda said the family had helped bring the school community together . Jocelyn Leonard canceled Thursday night 's performance of "  How To Succeed In Business Without Really Trying , " because she wanted to watch her son play in the game , reported CNN affiliate WOOD . It was make-up game to compensate for blizzard-canceled events last month . Everyone had so looked forward to Saturday 's game -- not only was it the last of an undefeated season , but it pitted Fennville against Bridgman , a school that beat them by just one point last year . It was a revenge game , as Sauceda put it . Sauceda had screamed her lungs out during the game . She was running towards Leonard to hug him when he went down . Breed , the hospital spokesman , was also at the game . He does n't normally attend games , but thought he could not miss his alma mater 's perfect season closer . When Leonard collapsed , the crowds were asked to leave the gym . Breed was on his way home when he was paged by a local newspaper reporter . He rushed to the hospital to find medical teams trying to resuscitate Leonard . Shortly after that , a text message appeared on Sauceda 's phone from a friend at the hospital . Sauceda was about to go to sleep . Instead , she was jolted awake , the shock so severe she was n't even able to immediately cry . In the morning , she stayed home from school . And wrote on Facebook : "  Wes , you were taken from our lives too soon ... you were the most amazing friend , I will never forget you , and how you have changed us all , I am so thankful to have been apart of your life . Please watch over us , and cheer us on as our boys win state ! RIP # 35 WES LEONARD . "	Wes Leonard was a star athlete and a popular student He scored the winning points to lift Fennville High School to a perfect season He collapsed on the court after the game A small Michigan town is in shock
Washington  CNN  -- A shaky video captured only a few moments of William D. Swenson 's actions during a brutal , hours-long battle in Afghanistan : Kissing a badly wounded comrade on the forehead as he helped load the soldier into a helicopter . "  This may be the first time we bear witness to a small portion of the action " of a Medal of Honor recipient , President Barack Obama said Tuesday as he awarded the now-retired Army captain the nation 's highest military honor for his actions in the Ganjgal Valley in 2009 . Swenson , 34 , of Seattle , is the sixth living recipient from the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan to earn the honor , and this is only the second time in a half-century that two men from the same battle have been awarded the medal . Swenson , who retired from the Army in 2011 , is being awarded the medal for his actions on September 8 , 2009 , in the Battle of the Ganjgal Valley in Afghanistan 's Kunar province . The battle claimed the lives of four American soldiers , 10 Afghan soldiers and an Afghan interpreter . A fifth soldier , Sgt. First Class Kenneth Westbrook -- the man Swenson helped load onto the helicopter -- later died from his wounds . Swenson was working with Afghan security forces in the volatile Kunar province near Pakistan 's border when he and his troops came under fire . Obama recounted to an audience of fellow soldiers and families of the fallen how Swenson braved enemy fire again and again to recover the bodies of the dead Americans and Afghans . "  In moments like this , Americans like Will remind us of what our country can be at its best , a nation of citizens who look out for one another , who meet our obligations to one another not just when it 's easy , but also when it 's hard , " Obama said . "  Maybe , especially when it 's hard . " Part of Swenson 's rescue efforts were recorded by a rescue pilot 's helmet camera . In the heat of battle , with bullets flying and dust blocking any clear vision of the surrounding situation , Swenson is seen helping Westbrook , who had been shot in the throat , back to a helicopter . After placing him in the helicopter , Swenson bent down to kiss his forehead before running back to the battle to retrieve other fallen Americans and Afghan fighters . "  I was just trying to keep his spirits up . I wanted him to know it was going to be OK . And I wanted him to know that he had done his job , but it was time for him to go , " Swenson told CNN recently . The road to this honor has not been easy for Swenson , whose nomination was "  lost " for a time , prompting questions from lawmakers and an eventual internal Pentagon investigation . Swenson spoke out after the 2009 battle , criticizing his leadership for failing to provide him with adequate air support after multiple radio requests . The Army later backed up his claims , reprimanding two commanding officers . "  What happened that day was a result of clouded judgment , " Swenson told CNN 's Barbara Starr in a recent interview . "  It was a result of clouded judgment on behalf of people who did later receive letters of reprimand . " The nomination statement , once found , was nothing short of glowing for Swenson , saying the soldier "  braved intense enemy fire , and willfully put his life in danger against the enemy 's main effort , multiple times in service of his fallen and wounded comrades , his unit , his country , and his endangered Afghan partners . " Army officials confirmed to CNN that Swenson has filed paperwork to return to Army active duty . Dakota Meyer , a Marine , was honored for his actions in the same battle in 2011 . After giving military a second try , soldier to receive top honor Barbara Starr reported from Washington ; Chelsea J. Carter reported and wrote from Atlanta . CNN 's Leslie Bentz contributed to this report .	William Swenson is the sixth living recipient from the Afghan and Iraq wars Swenson was honored for his action on September 8 , 2009 , in the Ganjgal Valley He braved enemy fire to retrieve the bodies of dead soldiers , Obama says He criticized his commanders for failing to support soldiers during the battle
CNN  -- For the past week , Mitt Romney brought his presidential campaign abroad to England , Israel and Poland , leaving his initial footprint on the foreign policy landscape . He may have ventured off path once or twice , but , to paraphrase J.R.R Tolkien , not all those who travel are lost . He blazed his own trail , one that will do him much good at home and abroad . Before he even left for London , liberal commentators , on both sides of the Atlantic , jumped all over his alleged gaffe on Britain 's readiness for the Olympics . Romney was asked a question by Brian Williams , which he answered like a technocrat , an expert , and one of the few men in the world who has run an Olympic Games . As Dorothy Rabinowitz so wisely noted , "  He did what a man who prizes his authority on a subject does -- he answered . He reflected on possibilities . It was a serious subject -- his subject . " If he 's to be blamed for anything , it 's speaking too much like an expert and not a politician . Critics of Romney often patronize him for sounding too scripted and too much like a politician . Now , when he speaks openly and freely , they criticize him for not being enough of a politician or diplomat . They ca n't have it both ways . From England he traveled to Israel , where he strongly backed Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and the Israeli people and subtly distanced himself from President Barack Obama by vocalizing bolder action against Iran . "  We must not delude ourselves into thinking that containment is an option , " Romney said . "  We must lead the effort to prevent Iran from building and possessing nuclear weapons capability . We should employ any and all measures to dissuade the Iranian regime from its nuclear course . " Opinion : Romney on Iran is just like Obama But rather than focus on Iran , our most pressing foreign policy dilemma , the liberal media manufactured another alleged gaffe -- Romney 's comments on the cultural differences between Israelis and Palestinians . Again , much ado about nothing . It 's hard to dispute the powerful and rich culture of the Jewish people , especially when quoting "  The Wealth and Poverty of Nations " by David Landes , an erudite Harvard professor . To his credit , Romney did n't let this slow him down . He concluded the trip by traveling to Poland for a full embrace of Lech Walesa and the Polish people , a strong contrast to the cold shoulder Obama gave to Poland earlier in his presidency . In 2008 , despite direct threats from Russia , Poland agreed to accept U.S. missile defense sites . In 2009 , Obama folded to Russian criticism and abandoned the missile system , in turn abandoning the Polish people . In a not so subtle jab to the president , Romney declared in Poland , "  I believe it is critical to stand by those who have stood by America . Solidarity was a great movement that freed a nation . And it is with solidarity that America and Poland face the future . " Romney 's closeness to Walesa and the Polish freedom fighters is nothing short of Reaganesque . At a time when the president tries desperately to compare him to George W. Bush , Romney is making Obama look and feel more like Jimmy Carter . Opinion : When did the GOP become the whiners ? To those who doubt Romney 's political adroitness , examine his deep respect for Catholicism both in Poland and here in the United States . Speaking of the Soviet Union , Romney added , "  The false gods of the all-powerful state claim the allegiance of a lonely few . It is for us , in this generation and beyond , to show all the world what free people and free economies can achieve for the good of all . " Given that the controversial Department of Health and Human Services ' contraception mandate , viewed by many Catholics as a direct threat to their religious conscience , went into effect August 1 for all employers , other than churches and houses of worship  religiously affiliated institutions such as Catholic hospitals and universities have a one-year exemption before they must comply  , this statement is timely and bold . Romney also embraced Pope John Paul II , a Polish and Catholic hero , one of the men most responsible for the fall of Communism . "  And here , in 1979 , a son of Poland , Pope John Paul II , spoke words that would bring down an empire and bring freedom to millions who lived in bondage . ` Be not afraid ' -- those words changed the world , " Romney said . The contrast could not be clearer -- "  Be not afraid " or "  You did n't build that " -- one man 's vision of hope , resolution and encouragement versus condescension , apathy and inertness . If this is the electoral choice Romney can frame for the nation , he will be one step closer to the White House . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of William J. Bennett .	William Bennett : In his trip to England , Israel and Poland , Mitt Romney blazed his own trail In Israel , he forcefully sought bolder action against Iran , Bennett says Bennett : In Poland , Romney offered a full embrace of Lech Walesa and the Polish people If you doubt Romney 's political adroitness , note his respect for Catholicism , Bennett says
CNN  -- Manchester United returned to the top of the Premier League on Sunday after a 0-0 draw against Tottenham Hotspur at White Hart Lane . A close fought affair -- which marked the 600th league appearance of Ryan Giggs -- ended with honors even despite United defender Rafael Da Silva being sent off for two bookable offences in the 74th minute . His second yellow for a trip on Assou-Ekotto was adjudged to be deliberate , but a clearly incensed Rafael thought otherwise as he remonstrated with referee Mike Dean about the decision . Spurs had the better chances to win the match with Rafael Van der Vaart missing a glorious opportunity to claim three points in the 80th minute after a mistake in the United defence gave him a unopposed shot on goal . But the Dutch international could only curl his shot narrowly over the bar . Kenny Dalglish earned the first point of his second spell in charge of Liverpool as the Merseyside derby against Everton ended in a 2-2 draw at Anfield . Raul Meireles ' first goal for Liverpool gave the Reds a deserved lead after 30 minutes in a half in which they dominated . But Everton hit back after the break with two goals in six minutes to take the lead . Sylvain Distin headed home after 46 minutes and Jermaine Beckford stunned the home supporters as he drilled home past Jose Reina to hand the Toffees the lead . But when Tim Howard brought down Maxi Rodriguez following a corner in the 66th minute , Dirk Kuyt made no mistake from the penalty spot . Liverpool and Everton both have 26 points , with Everton one place above their rivals thanks to a superior goal difference . In the other two matches played Sunday , the Tyneside derby ended in a 1-1 draw as Sunderland 's Asamoah Gyan scored four minutes into injury time to deny Newcastle the three points and a season double over their arch rivals . A neat backheel by Kevin Nolan had given the Magpies the lead seven minutes into the second half . Newcastle looked destined to win the match until the Ghanaian striker put the ball in the net after a shot from Phil Bardsley shot had been saved by Steve Harper . Sunderland stay in sixth place , while Newcastle are ninth . Aston Villa have moved out of the relegation zone after salvaging a 1-1 draw with local rivals Birmingham at St Andrews . Roger Johnson volleyed home early in the second half to give the home side the lead but James Collins squared things up after 73 minutes when he drove a shot home after Gabriel Agbonlahor had flicked the ball onto him . Birmingham remain in 16th place with 23 points on points , one place and one point ahead of Villa .	Man U draw 0-0 with Spurs to return to the top of the Premier League on goal difference Merseyside derby between Liverpool and Everton ends in 2-2 draw at Anfield Newcastle and Sunderland draw 1-1 in local derby ; Aston Villa salvage point at Birmingham
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- A bronze statue of Helen Keller was unveiled at the U.S. Capitol on Wednesday as lawmakers praised her as a trailblazer and an inspiration for those with disabilities . The Helen Keller statue depicts the moment when Anne Sullivan spelled "  W-A-T-E-R " into the child 's hand "  Some are still dismissed and cast aside for nothing more than being less than perfect , " Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell , R-Kentucky , said at the unveiling ceremony . "  The story of Helen Keller inspires us all . " The statue shows Keller -- who lost her sight and hearing to illness when she was 19 months old -- standing at a water pump as a 7-year-old , a look of recognition on her face as water streams into her hand . It depicts the moment in 1887 when teacher Anne Sullivan spelled "  W-A-T-E-R " into one of the child 's hands as she held the other under the pump . It 's the moment when Keller realized meanings were hidden in the manual alphabet shapes Sullivan had taught her to make with her hands . "  W-A-T-E-R , " said Alabama Gov. Bob Riley . "  Five simple letters that helped rescue 7-year-old Helen Keller from a world of darkness and a world of silence . "  It is this defining moment that we celebrate today . And in time , this moment so vividly depicted by this statue helped the world to understand that all of us , regardless of any disability , have a mind that can be educated , a hand that can be trained , a life that will have meaning . " Keller learned to speak and earned a degree from Radcliffe College and the women 's branch of Harvard University . She traveled the world as an adult , wrote 12 books and championed causes including women 's suffrage and workers ' rights . Carl Augusto , president and CEO of the American Foundation for the Blind , told the crowd he thinks Keller , who worked for the foundation for the last 44 years of her life , "  would have loved this impressive statue of herself and the symbolism attached . " Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , D-Nevada , and others assisted Augusto as he ran his hands over the statue . The foundation , Augusto said , still considers Keller "  our guiding light . She embodies the American spirit of limitless possibility ... her biggest desire was to leave the world a better place than she found it , and ladies and gentlemen , that 's the legacy she leaves all of us . " More than 40 of Keller 's descendants attended the ceremony in the Capitol Rotunda . Students from the Alabama Institute for the Deaf and Blind sang a medley of patriotic songs . The statue , said House Speaker Nancy Pelosi , D-California , will "  always remind us that people must be respected for what they can do rather than judged for what they can not . " The statue is also the Capitol 's first depicting a child , Riley 's office said . Since 1864 , each state has been allowed to place two statues in the Capitol . In 2002 , Congress changed the law to allow states to change their statues . Riley , then a U.S. representative , suggested the state place a statue of Keller , and the state Legislature passed a resolution asking Congress to accept a statue of Keller as a gift . A committee with Alabama first lady Patsy Riley serving as honorary chairwoman raised private donations and selected Utah bronze sculpture artist Edward Hlavka to create the piece . The 600-pound statue is made of bronze with a base of Alabama marble , Riley 's office said . In 1997 , a Franklin Delano Roosevelt memorial that opened near the National Mall drew complaints from disability advocates because the statue of the president , who suffered from polio , did not show him in a wheelchair . In 2001 , President Clinton unveiled an addition to the memorial including a new statue of the four-term president sitting in a wheelchair . "  By placing this statue in the Capitol , we appropriately honor this extraordinary American , and will inspire countless children who will come to understand that with faith and with courage , there truly are no limits on what can be accomplished , and there is no obstacle that ca n't be overcome , " Riley said . Keller 's statue will replace one depicting Jabez Curry . Curry , who has represented Alabama in the Capitol since 1908 , was a Georgia native who served as president of Howard College , which later became Samford University in Birmingham . The Curry statue is being sent back to Alabama for display at the university . The other statue representing Alabama is of Joseph "  Fightin ' Joe " Wheeler , a Confederate general during the Civil War who , three decades later , volunteered to serve in the Spanish-American War at age 62 and attained the same rank in the U.S. Army , the only one of 425 Confederate generals to do so , according to a biography of him posted on the Fort Sam Houston Museum 's Web site . His statue was donated by the state in 1925 , Riley 's office said .	Helen Keller lost her sight and hearing to illness when she was 19 months old Statue depicts when teacher Anne Sullivan spelled "  W-A-T-E-R " into the child 's hand She traveled the world , wrote books , championed women 's and workers ' rights
CNN  -- As a 14-year-old Madison Keys announced her potential by defeating tennis ' leading lady Serena Williams in a professional team competition . Next January , as Williams bids for a third consecutive grand slam triumph , Keys will be hoping to make an impact at just her third major tournament after qualifying for the Australian Open . The American , now 17 , earned a wildcard for 2013 's first grand slam by beating compatriot Mallory Burdette in the final of a qualification event in Atlanta , Georgia . "  It 'd be great to go to Australia and not get killed in the first round this year , " Keys , ranked 137 in the world , told the WTA Tour 's official website . "  I 'm pretty happy with how I 've been playing . I 'm just excited to go down to start playing some tournaments again . " Keys ' triumph over Williams , the 15-time grand slam winner who also clinched double Olympic gold at London 2012 , came in the World TeamTennis competition . The team competition pits squads representing different U.S. cities against each other and uses a slightly altered scoring method . Keys , who became the youngest player in the competition 's history , beat Williams while playing for the Philadelphia Freedoms against the Washington Kastles . The Boca Raton native has won just one match at her two previous grand slams , beating Jill Craybas in the first round of the 2011 U.S. Open . Rhyne Williams won the men 's competition to book his place at the Australian Open , which begins on January 14 . Williams recorded a 7-6  7-4  5-7 6-3 6-3 win over Tim Smyczek to reach his second grand slam . The 21-year-old 's only other grand slam appearance came at the 2012 U.S. Open . He lost his first round match with fellow American and 2003 champion Andy Roddick in straight sets .	Madison Keys claims wildcard for January 's 2013 Australian Open The 17-year-old won a qualification tournament in Atlanta , Georgia Keys beat Serena Williams in a professional team competition aged 14 Rhyne Williams wins the men 's event to reach his second grand slam
CNN  -- Mickey Mouse , Donald Duck and the Seven Dwarves are not the U.S.-friendly images usually associated with Iran . But in a small corner of Tehran , a surprising display of unofficial Disney diplomacy seems to fly in the face of official anti-American rhetoric . Visitors to Eram Park , in the west of the capital , are greeted with numerous images of Disney characters , as well as other familiar American cartoon characters such as Shrek . Elsewhere , outside of the city , is another unexpected sight : A club dedicated to the U.S.-invented Segway people transporters . For roller coaster obsessive and self-styled "  Theme Park Guy " Stefan Zwanzger , who toured Tehran 's funfairs last month , the presence of these American icons offered more thrills than the rides on offer . "  You see badly-copied Mickeys and Donald Ducks all over the world , for example in copycat theme parks in rural China , but I did n't expect to see Shrek and Segways in Iran , " Zwanzger told CNN . A German citizen now living in Stockholm , Sweden , Zwanzger , 32 , could be forgiven for having preconceptions when visiting Iran . Nuclear ambitions , major protests after President Mahmoud Ahmedinejad 's disputed 2009 election victory and frequent reports of repression have all done little for the country 's global reputation . But , says Zwanzger -- whose four-year quest to visit all the world 's major theme parks has so far taken him to 150 on five continents -- the Iran he encountered seemed a world away from the grim headlines . He says the Iranians he encountered were "  open-minded , unprejudiced , hospitable , warm and cultured , " sharing views that appeared to contrast with those expressed by the country 's leaders . "  What surprised me is that I did n't even get the slightest cultural shock . The Iranians I met made me feel like I was in Europe , " he said . His views reflect a 2008 WorldPublicOpinion.org survey that claims ordinary Iranian people are largely open to contacts with Westerners . Nevertheless , countries such as Britain and the U.S. , which has no diplomatic relations with Tehran , caution against travel there . International sanctions in place against Iran also mean western companies can not operate easily in the country . Whereas on the streets of Tehran , U.S. icons such as the Statue of Liberty are used to create striking anti-American graffiti , Zwanzger witnessed Mickey Mouse and his pals being pressed into far less sinister tasks . At Eram Park , Mickey simply welcomes people to the funfair , while the Dwarves urge people to enjoy themselves . Shrek offers tickets to ride and Donald Duck helpfully points to the exit . As with his other experiences of places including North Korea , Zwanzger says Iran 's theme parks offer a glimpse of the country 's citizens as they relax and forget their day-to-day concerns , even if the rides struggle to merit the low admission fees . "  I highly recommend Iran as a place to visit . It 's a beautiful country with fantastic people . The local amusement parks provide great opportunity to mingle with locals . " Sadly , with their rusting roller coasters and "  drainingly dull " side shows , not even the presence of Mickey , Shrek and the Dwarves could save Iran 's theme parks from rating badly on Zwanzger 's score card . He says one ride , in which visitors are squeezed into a car shaped like a soda can before being hurtled around a cramped roller coaster circuit , could be world-beatingly bad . "  The yellow soda can-shaped roller coaster in Eram Park -- I 'm still trying to find out who the manufacturer was , even my specialist friends do n't know -- was maybe the worst I have ever experienced . "  I was scared . The loop is the tightest I have ever seen and the vehicle 's headrests are too low to keep your head stable . You can hear the riders ' joyful screams rise when the coaster plunges into the loop and vanish within a second once they enter the murderous brain-turner itself . "  It was genuinely unpleasant and leaves you with some neck pain to remember . "	Disney characters make unexpected appearances all over Tehran 's amusement parks Theme park expert Stefan Zwanzger says Iran is home to one of the world 's worst roller coasters Zwanzger has visited 150 theme parks on five continents
The U.S. ambassador to NATO says the alliance has no plans for military intervention in the Syrian crisis , as reports of deaths mount by the dozens and diplomatic efforts have yet to stymie the bloodshed . Ivo Daalder told reporters late Sunday there is "  no planning going on that 's related to a NATO role in Syria . " "  As it relates to NATO planning , a NATO ally has to come forward and request that type of planning . So that 's a circumstance that has n't taken place , " the ambassador said . "  We 'd obviously take any requests of that nature seriously if it were to be made . " Daalder also said that NATO , along with European allies and Arab partners , has provided assistance to the Syrian opposition , including political and diplomatic support . "  We 've also decided , however , that a military intervention of the nature that we did in Libya would further militarize the situation in ways that would n't necessarily protect civilian life , " Daalder said . " ... Unlike Libya , you do n't have pockets of the country that can be protected by civilian protection zones . You 've got security forces intermingled with the population , and that introduction of greater military intervention from outside or arms to groups within Syria could further militarize the conflict in a counterproductive way . " On the same day Daalder spoke , at least 60 people were killed in Syria 's 14-month crisis , opposition activists said . Among the dead , at least 40 were killed in the northwestern city of Hama , where a neighborhood sustained heavy shelling by government troops , said the Local Coordination Committees of Syria , a network of opposition activists . On Monday , activists said , six people died across the country . The deaths included three unidentified bodies . The United Nations says at least 9,000 people have been killed since initially peaceful protests against President Bashar al-Assad erupted in March 2011 . Opposition activists put the toll at more than 11,000 . Syria 's government , meanwhile , said it buried 18 more members of its security forces who died battling "  armed terrorist groups " around the country . CNN can not independently verify reports of deaths and violence because the Syrian government has severely restricted access by international media . The fighting has continued despite a peace plan brokered by former U.N. Secretary-General Kofi Annan , now a special envoy for the United Nations and the Arab League .	At least six people have been killed Monday , according to opposition activists The U.S. ambassador to NATO says the Syrian uprising is unlike Libya 's At least 60 people were killed across Syria on Sunday , opposition activists say
Rick Santorum 's decision to drop out of the Republican presidential race came after he spent the holiday weekend evaluating the race with his family , who were grappling with the latest hospitalization of his 3-year-old daughter Bella . Santorum 's path to the nomination hinged on three puzzle pieces falling neatly in place , multiple sources close to the campaign told CNN , a prospect that grew dimmer with each passing day . The campaign , eagerly looking ahead to a slew of conservative leaning states that vote in May , had hoped that Texas would adjust its proportional primary rules and award its treasure trove of 155 delegates on a winner-take-all basis -- but Texas Republicans dismissed the idea . Santorum was also hoping that Gingrich , who has also been competing for the same conservative anti-Romney voters , would drop out of the race , something the former House Speaker shows no signs of doing . Finally , the campaign understood that a victory in Santorum 's home state of Pennsylvania on April 24 was crucial . Romney 's poll numbers have lately creeped up in Pennsylvania and his campaign was in the process of unleashing a more than $ 2 million negative ad blitz against Santorum across the state , but Santorum aides said they remained confident that they would pull out a win on their home turf . His campaign reported it was nearly $ 1 million in debt last month and would have been forced to drain its campaign account to compete with Romney and his allies on the costly Pennsylvania airwaves , another factor in Santorum 's decision . Where do religious conservatives go ? "  The Romney team was putting a lot of money out there , " said one Santorum adviser who did not want to be named discussing internal decision-making . "  The budget was a factor . " Despite trailing in the delegate count , Santorum vowed as recently as last week to remain in the race until one candidate reached the 1,144 delegates needed to capture the nomination . However , during a conference call with his wife , Karen , campaign manager and staff before his announcement on Tuesday , Santorum said the decision was based on personal and political factors , according to a Santorum source . A campaign adviser also said the financial state of the campaign probably played a role in the conclusion . "  We made a decision over the weekend that while this presidential race for us is over for me and we will suspend our campaign effective today , we are not done fighting , " Santorum said during his speech in Gettysburg on Tuesday . "  We will continue to fight for those voices for those Americans who stood up and gave us that air under our wings . " He also acknowledged the decision was not entirely political , saying the past weekend was a "  time of prayer and thought " as he and his family cared for his daughter Isabella , the youngest of Santorum 's seven children , who suffers from Trisomy 18 , a chromosomal condition . Santorum 's organization announced they were halting campaign events on Friday because the candidate 's three-year-old daughter Bella was admitted to the hospital . Bella , the youngest of Santorum 's seven children , suffers from a rare chromosomal disorder called Trisomy 18 , which causes severe medical and developmental problems . Santorum 's departure leaves rival Mitt Romney with a firm grasp on the nomination but also deep wounds left to heal within the GOP . Priebus : "  Time heals some wounds " Santorum spoke to Romney before Tuesday 's speech , according to a Republican source . But Santorum aide Hogan Gidley told CNN an endorsement of the former Massachusetts governor "  is not a inevitability . " Gidley said Santorum and Romney are attempting to schedule a meeting to discuss an endorsement and that the latter would like it to occur "  sooner rather than later . " Santorum entered the race with a voting record in the House and Senate of a staunch social conservative and presented himself on the campaign trail as the alternative to more moderate candidates , who he said had compromised their ideals for political expediency . More recently , he elevated his fire directly at Romney , labeling him a flip-flopper on conservative issues including abortion rights , cap and trade and government mandated health care . He also repeatedly accused the former executive of failing to tell the truth . "  For somebody who is maybe the weakest candidate we 've every had on the pro-life issue to attack the leader of the pro-life cause is absurd , " Santorum said at a forum in Troy , Michigan on February 25 . "  He glosses over and does n't even tell the truth ... Here is a guy who is the ultimate flip-flopper running for president , and he 's attacking me for not being principled ? That does n't wash . " Santorum officially announced his candidacy on June 6 , 2011 , and quickly began airing radio ads in Iowa , New Hampshire and South Carolina , the first three states to vote . Soon after his official announcement , he told CNN that his bid would be based on a consistent conservative record . "  I think I stand out because I have been a consistent conservative , someone who has been a leader , someone who 's had the courage to lead on a variety of hot-button topics before they were popular , like entitlement reform . I 've been a leader on that , " he said . In August , when his candidacy was barely making waves in key early voting states , Santorum maintained his effort would take a long view of the race , saying at a rally , "  This is the little-engine-that-could campaign . " He was eclipsed first by Michele Bachmann 's entry in the race , then Rick Perry 's . When those two faltered , Herman Cain became the conservative favorite . As Cain was faltering amid accusations of sexual harrassment , Newt Gingrich was the last conservative to slingshot past Santorum , taking a lead over Romney in polls in November and December . At GOP presidential debates throughout the fall , Santorum was mostly marginalized as the most questions went to the top-tier candidates . In the months leading up to Iowa 's caucuses , Santorum became the first GOP presidential candidate to visit all of Iowa 's 99 counties , often sporting what became his signature look  and the butt of jokes  : a sweater vest bearing his campaign 's logo . Despite all that time in Iowa , Santorum did n't see substantial traction in polls until January as Gingrich withered in the heat of negative ads from Romney 's campaign and a super PAC that supports him . And on election night in Iowa , it looked like Santorum had narrowly missed his first surprise victory in the race when initial counts showed he had come eight votes short of beating Romney . The narrow miss was enough to energize conservatives to contribute to the cause and give Santorum a spike in fundraising . And his conservative rivals began to fall . Bachmann dropped out of the race the day after Iowa . Two weeks later , the certified vote in Iowa showed that Santorum had actually won there and Perry dropped out of the race later that same day . Gingrich then won in South Carolina and Romney won in Florida and Nevada , states that Santorum largely ignored to concentrate on more conservative voters down the road . That strategy paid off when he stunned Romney by sweeping Colorado , Minnesota and Missouri all on the same day and changed the trajectory of the race . Romney , who had begun to take on the air of the Republican nominee by focusing on President Barack Obama rather than Republican rivals , had to turn his focus back toward his challenger and built up a nearly 400-delegate lead in the race to the 1,144 needed to clinch the nomination . Zelizer : The real race is now on Despite increasingly long odds , Santorum maintained throughout the last weeks of March that he would stay in the race , citing flawed delegate math and upcoming contests that looked to be in his favor . "  Our delegate calculation has Gov. Romney far below 50 % , " Santorum said on March 19 on CBS . "  We think there 's a lot of primaries coming up , including Pennsylvania my home state , where we can make some big delegates . Texas will be another great state for us . We feel very good that we 're going to continue to win and do well . " A senior Santorum source said that Bella 's hospitalization was a major factor in the decision to bow out . "  When you have enough time with your adrenaline down , you start to think about what 's really important , " the source told CNN . Sitting in the hospital with his daughter for the second time during this campaign put that in perspective for Santorum , the source said .	Santorum made his decision after evaluating the race with his family Campaign hoped that Texas would become a winner-take-all state Santorum also wanted Gingrich out of race , but he shows no sign of quitting Financial issues also played a role in Santorum 's decision
Washington  CNN  -- Members of the Senate and House armed services committees currently are talking to the Pentagon about the next round of hearings on Afghanistan , trying to coordinate sessions with the U.S. commander there , Gen. David Petraeus . When Petraeus , probably the best-known military man in the wars of Iraq and Afghanistan , returns to answer questions , the television lights will shine on the four stars he wears on each shoulder . Now a new debate is swirling in Washington , thanks to an opinion piece in the Wall Street Journal pushing for Petraeus to get a fifth star , like military giants of the past . "  The U.S. war against terrorism is now the longest war in U.S. history , and Gen. Petraeus has clearly distinguished himself as a leader worthy of the rank held by Gens . MacArthur , Marshall and Nimitz , " Pete Hegseth and Wade Zirkle , of the group Vets for Freedom , wrote in the Wall Street Journal . Hegseth served in Iraq with the 101st Airborne Division and is bound for Afghanistan . Zirkle , a Marine , deployed twice to Iraq . They make the case that Petraeus deserves the higher rank and that others will benefit if he gets it . "  A promotion would properly honor his service -- and it would also honor the troops he leads and has led , " they write . "  Today 's soldiers have fought as valiantly as any in American history , and they deserve recognition of their leaders . Congressional approval of a fifth star would demonstrate the nation 's commitment to their mission . " Hegseth aid Thursday that the response to their suggestion has been overwhelmingly positive . He laughed off a question about whether he had heard from Petraeus himself , saying he did n't expect to . "  We 're just hoping to gain some traction , " Hegseth said . He said congressmen already have volunteered to push the promotion forward , although he said he could not provide names . A spokesman for Petraeus would not discuss the idea with CNN . Most senior officers are selected by a promotion board of their peers . But for three-stars and above , the president makes the choice , and the Senate must confirm the decision . Right now , including Petraeus , there are only 12 four-star generals in the U.S. Army . Currently , there is no legislation allowing the appointment of officers to a five-star grade , according to Pentagon information . The last general receiving a fifth star was Omar Bradley in 1950 , and it took a special law to make that happen . Sen. Lindsey Graham , R-South Carolina , recommended a fifth star during a congressional hearing back in 2008 , when Petraeus was leading the surge of troops in Iraq . "  If I could promote you to five stars , I would , " Graham told Petraeus . The issue prompted tweets to CNN 's @natlsecuritycnn account . "  An incredibly silly idea , " says one answer to the question of the fifth star . "  As much as GOP want to deify him he 's not a Washington or a Pershing , " says another . A supporter tweets , "  He deserves by his achievements . " In the halls of the Pentagon , people shied away from questions . Asked about how the nuts and bolts of the promotion would work , one Pentagon worker admitted that it has been so long since Bradley that he did n't even know whom to call . Another person , back from the battlefield , shrugged it all off . "  Most people do think it 's laughable , " he said . He did n't want to have his name tagged to any comment about a past or future boss . The latest publicity is an echo of a call to elevate Petraeus : a July article in The Atlantic magazine . The author , D.B. Grady , a former Special Forces paratrooper who served in Afghanistan , said that another star for Petraeus would give President Obama a chance to convince the U.S. military and allies that he 's committed to the mission in Afghanistan . "  If you are wearing a uniform right now , and I talk to soldiers every day , there 's a great deal of fear out there , a great deal of suspicion . President Obama needs a bit of bolstering in the military , " Grady said . "  Petraeus is deified in the military . It 's win-win . With this there is no doubt that the world will appreciate we are taking it seriously in Afghanistan . " Critics of an additional star for Petraeus warn that it could interfere with the chain of command . He would outrank his superior at Central Command , Marine Gen. James Mattis , as well as the Joint Chiefs chairman , Adm. Mike Mullen . But Hegseth says that should cause no problem , that Petraeus ' stature already means he has direct contact with the White House and Congress and the secretary of defense . Max Boot in Commentary magazine praises Petraeus but opposes the promotion , saying it would have a negative impact on the chain of command . He suggests waiting . "  I do think that when Petraeus is ready for retirement -- something that I hope will not happen anytime soon -- Congress should consider granting him another star if by that point he has turned around the war in Afghanistan as he did in Iraq , " Boot writes on commentarymagazine.com . There are no such concerns from Grady . "  It 's just the nature of war today , " he said . "  Gen. Petraeus and Gen. Mattis are on equal footing . ... If Petraeus dropped dead tomorrow , hit by a stray bullet , or retired there is not another unifying force to speak out about the war in Afghanistan , the war in Iraq . He is the man . "	A Wall Street Journal opinion piece says Petraeus deserves a fifth star It "  would demonstrate the nation 's commitment " to the military , the authors say Tweets : "  An incredibly silly idea " ; "  He 's not a Washington " ; "  He deserves " it
Washington  CNN  -- The U.S. Department of Transportation and the Federal Aviation Administration announced Wednesday a sweeping final pilot fatigue rule governing how much time off commercial passenger pilots must have between work shifts , ensuring they have a longer opportunity for rest before they enter the cockpit . The new rule sets a 10-hour minimum rest period prior to a flight duty period , a two-hour increase over the old rules . The new rule also mandates that a pilot must have an opportunity for eight hours of uninterrupted sleep within the 10-hour rest period . The DOT said the proposal was science based , and would significantly increase public safety . The final rule will take effect in two years , according to the FAA , to allow commercial passenger airline operators time to transition , rearrange schedules and indoctrinate pilots . "  This is a major safety achievement , " said Transportation Secretary Ray LaHood . "  We made a promise to the traveling public that we would do everything possible to make sure pilots are rested when they get in the cockpit . This new rule raises the safety bar to prevent fatigue . " LaHood disputed criticism the changes in the rule took a long time . "  We wanted to make sure we got it right . We took time to listen to people . Every voice was heard , " LaHood said . "  You ca n't implement overnight . It takes time . " "  Every pilot has a personal responsibility to arrive at work fit for duty . This new rule gives pilots enough time to get the rest they really need to safely get passengers to their destinations , " said FAA Acting Administrator Michael Huerta . It was a point echoed by Transportation and Infrastructure Committee Chairman John Mica , R-Florida , who released a statement saying , "  While the final rule provides improvement for aviation safety , pilots must take personal responsibility for coming to work rested and fit for duty . The government can not put a chocolate on every one of their pillows and tuck them in at night . " The FAA said it "  expects pilots and airlines to take joint responsibility when considering if a pilot is fit for duty , including fatigue resulting from pre-duty activities such as commuting . At the beginning of each flight segment , a pilot is required to affirmatively state his or her fitness for duty . If a pilot reports he or she is fatigued and unfit for duty , the airline must remove that pilot from duty immediately . " The rule has been a long time in coming . In the mid 1990s , the FAA tried to update its flight and duty time regulations , but withdrew its rule under opposition from airlines . But momentum for change increased following the February 12 , 2009 , crash of Continental flight 3407 near Buffalo , New York , which killed 50 people . The National Transportation Safety Board concluded pilot fatigue contributed to the crash , although it said it could not be attributed solely to fatigue . The hearing , though , spotlighted the practice among some pilots to commute lengthy distances to their jobs . The pilot of Colgan Air 3407 commuted from Tampa , Florida , and the co-pilot commuted from Seattle , Washington , to their base in Newark , New Jersey . The new rule addresses potential cumulative fatigue by placing weekly and 28-day limits on the amount of time a pilot may be assigned any type of flight duty , according to the FAA . The rule also places 28-day and annual limits on actual flight time . It also requires that pilots have at least 30 consecutive hours free from duty on a weekly basis , a 25 percent increase over the old rules . The FAA said the rule also incorporates the latest fatigue science to set different requirements for pilot flight time , duty period and rest based on the time of day pilots begin their first flight , the number of scheduled flight segments and the number of time zones they cross . The previous rules included different rest requirements for domestic , international and unscheduled flights . Those differences were not necessarily consistent across different types of passenger flights , and they did not take into account factors such as start time and time zone crossings . Another component of the rule includes when a pilot 's day begins . The FAA said , "  The allowable length of a flight duty period depends on when the pilot 's day begins and the number of flight segments he or she is expected to fly , and ranges from 9-14 hours for single crew operations . The flight duty period begins when a flight crew member is required to report for duty , with the intention of conducting a flight and ends when the aircraft is parked after the last flight . It includes the period of time before a flight or between flights that a pilot is working without an intervening rest period . " The Air Line Pilots Association expressed its support for the new rule covering passenger flights . "  Today 's pilot fatigue rule release marks historic progress in what must be an unrelenting commitment to ensuring the highest safety standards throughout the airline industry . The Air Line Pilots Association , Int ' l  ALPA  , is gratified that the Department of Transportation and the Federal Aviation Administration have delivered on their pledge , and a Congressional mandate , to issue new flight - and duty-time regulations and minimum rest requirements for airline pilots , " said Capt. Lee Moak , president of the Air Line Pilots Association , an independent aviation safety organization . Moak said while the new rule brings "  much-needed science improvements to flight and duty regulations , " he expressed disappointment that cargo operations "  are being held to a lesser standard . " CNN 's Mike Ahlers contributed to this report	Rule governs how much time off commercial passenger pilots must have between work shifts The new rule sets a 10-hour minimum rest period prior to a flight duty period The final rule will take effect in two years FAA chief : Pilots have a personal responsibility to arrive at work fit for duty
CNN  -- London City Airport wants to eradicate the many nuisances associated with flying . Should they succeed , missing luggage , delayed flights and long security lines will be irritations of another era . Even wading through a sea of taxi drivers to find the cardboard placard that bears your name will be a thing of the past . This streamlined experience is being delivered with the help of a technology known as the Internet of Things  IoT  . Essentially , it is an overarching platform that allows a variety of devices or machines to communicate with each other . This "  machine to machine " communication  M2M  remains in its early stages , but its application is being tested in a number of areas . It is the foundation for "  smart cars " , vehicles which are tuned in to avoid collision , and "  smart lights " , which detect when you 've woken up and then turn on . London City Airport is the first airport in the world to test it in the field of commercial aviation . Technology company Living PlanIt and retail developer Milligan will lead the project backed by the UK 's Technology Strategy Board . Over the next year , the airport will integrate different technologies to provide a taster of what 's possible . Just what is the Internet of Things ? Our interactive explains all Many of the more advanced features involve tracking passengers through a mix of face recognition and crowd-sourcing software that already exists in airports , plus the GPS that is already available in smart devices . For instance , a traveler who pre-orders food online or though their smartphone will be able to have it delivered to them as they arrive at the departure lounge . "  When someone arrives , sensors will detect that person 's frame , and will notify the F&B outlet to get everything ready , " explains Robin Daniels , Living PlanIt 's executive vice president of sales and marketing . Similar technology can insure that a passenger who booked a taxi in advance can exit the airport and step immediately into a waiting car . "  There 's no reason you ca n't have an app on your phone tell you the route and the correct exit  to find your vehicle  , " says Daniels . Other features will simply be about streamlining what 's already there . For instance , though luggage can be monitored to a degree , there 's no system in place to track it in real-time . What this means is that passengers and their luggage can be tracked at the same time . If a flyer checks his back but misses his plane , his luggage wo n't be boarded . Infographic : What the world spends on business travel "  If you 're a passenger , there will be no more sitting on a plane waiting for a bag to be found because whoever owns the bag missed their plane and now it has to be unloaded . Everything that 's uncomfortable , inconvenient or just a pain in the neck about traveling , we 're trying to turn into a more pleasurable experience , " says Daniels . On the retail side , stores in the airport will use a combination of cameras and sensors to monitor buyer behavior and to get a better sense of what types of displays work . They will also be able to offer shoppers customized offers based on previous purchases . "  A lot of what they 're doing is putting data together and creating information to give a better customer experience , " says Joe Dignan , a chief analyst for public sector technology at Ovum . "  You may get to the point where you walk past a Zara , and it says , ` we noticed you bout a blouse last week , we have a sale on a skirt that will go with it . ' " Dignan says that some shopping malls have started embedding sensors in the floor to track where people walk , and on hangers to register which items get picked up the most . Read more : How airlines recycle However some are concerned about safety and privacy issues of the new technology . "  I believe that as we increase our dependency on Internet of Things , and because it is not a fully stable technology per se , the probability of having problems increases , " says Evangeis Ouzounis , the head of the secure infrastructure and services unit at the European Network and Information Security Agency . "  I 'm not saying it will happen , but we need to take measures now before the technology becomes commercially available . " Ouzounis points out the potential for hackers to interfere with sensitive travel information and the smooth running of airport systems . "  They might jam a smart device to make systems not available in the airport , or play with the bar code of flight tickets , so that you can have access to a space you should n't have access to , " he says , while admitting that these scenarios are extreme . For Daniels privacy is n't really an issue , as passengers can chose whether or not they "  opt in " . Furthermore , the technology will actually allow airports to have a more sophisticated security system in place . "  If there 's suddenly a security issue , and someone is suddenly somewhere they should n't be , the authorities can access the day-to-day information more easily , " he says .	London City Airport to test Internet of Things Will create a network of machines that communicate with each other Concept should create an enhanced and smoother passenger experience
CNN  -- The voice on telephone messages left for Manti Te'o matches that of the 22-year-old man who says he posed as a woman in carrying on a relationship -- by e-mail and over the phone -- with the Notre Dame linebacker , according to the "  Dr. Phil " show . "  They all say , with scientific certainty , that Ronaiah Tuiasosopo is the female voice in those recordings , " host Phil McGraw said , citing conclusions by forensic voice analysts with three independent contractors . That conclusion supports Tuiasosopo 's assertion that , posing as a woman , he was involved in a relationship with Te'o , who had not known that his love interest was a man . Te'o rose to prominence while leading Notre Dame 's Fighting Irish to an undefeated regular season . This year 's Heisman Trophy runner-up , he told interviewers in September and October that his grandmother and girlfriend , whom he described as a 22-year-old Stanford University student , had died within hours of each other . The sports website Deadspin broke the story last month that the girlfriend Te'o talked about was n't real . McGraw reported in the first part of the two-part interview , which aired Thursday , that the voice analysts had concluded that the voice used by Tuiasosopo in the interview was likely not that of the person who had left the voice mail messages on the gridiron star 's answering machine . McGraw asked the confessed hoaxer repeatedly to adopt the female voice he said he had used with Te'o in order to prove that it was he , but Tuiasosopo refused , saying he was not comfortable appearing on camera sounding like a woman . Te'o to Couric : My emotions were real A first attempt at overcoming his objection -- putting Tuiasosopo behind a screen in McGraw 's home , where the interview took place -- resulted in equivocal findings from the voice analysts . But when the venue was switched to Tuiasosopo 's house , where he said he had made the calls to Te'o , the results were uniformly in agreement , McGraw said . Tuiasosopo told McGraw that the ruse had its roots in sexual abuse he endured from someone close to his family that began when he was 12 years of age . "  It started off with a hand and then touching and stuff like that , " he told the talk show host in the segment that aired Friday . "  I did n't know what was going on . " Tuiasosopo said he kept to himself knowledge of the abuse , which escalated to rape , out of fear that his parents would become angry if they were to find out and that it might drive his father -- who was already out of town much of the time -- to leave . "  I knew that I could not go forward with that , " he said . Tuiasosopo said he went on to create an alter persona -- the fictional Lennay Kekua . "  I felt that I could n't do things , accomplish things , pursue things , live out as Ronaiah , " Tuiasosopo said to McGraw . "  And I felt the need to create this . It has everything to do with what I went through as a child and my experience with child molestation and abuse . " Asked why he had not created a fictional man instead , he said that it was because he had been "  abused as if I was a girl . " In the initial segment , which aired Thursday , Tuiasosopo said the athlete knew nothing about the ruse . "  He had no idea , " he said . Te'o has said he was not a part of the hoax . Asked whether he was in love with Te'o , Tuiasosopo said : "  I mean , yeah ... as twisted and confusing as it may be , yeah , I cared for this person . I did all that I could to help this person become a better person , even though I was n't getting nothing out of it . Of course , it 's very shameful and it 's very painful to even talk about . Even now , it 's hard to talk about . But , you know , the truth of it is that that happened . I grew feelings . I grew emotions that , sooner or later , I could n't control any more . " Asked whether he is gay , Tuiasosopo said , "  I would say , yeah , I am gay , but honestly , I am so confused , I 'm so lost . " Bleacher Report : Twitter Erupts as Hoaxer Tells Story to Dr. Phil Tuiasosopo said the relationship began after he started a Facebook page under the name Lennay Kekua , the first name an elision of his mother 's and grandmother 's first names and the last name one he had heard "  thrown around in the neighborhood . " He said he "  randomly added different people " as Facebook friends with the persona he had created . "  One of the people I happened to add was his cousin , " he said , referring to Te'o 's cousin . "  Shortly after , I got a friend request , and it was from Manti . " They began speaking nightly , and Te'o seemed to have been smitten , too , Tuiasosopo said . "  He really had fallen in love with this , we 'll say , character . " A love story unravels Tuiasosopo said his motives were pure ; he never tried to make money off their relationship . "  I just wanted to help him become better , " he said . The charade became difficult to maintain , and he tried to end it several times . "  There are many times where Manti and Lennay had broken up . But something would bring them back together , whether it was something going on in his life or Lennay 's life , in this case in my life , " Tuiasosopo said . He added : "  I wanted to end it because after everything I had gone through I wanted to move on with my life . Me , Ronaiah , I had to just start living and let this go . " Finally , after learning that Te'o had Skyped with four women -- including two of his former girlfriends -- Tuiasosopo said he essentially killed off Lennay , having her die of leukemia . "  I was just trying to do everything to end it because I knew that , no matter what , you know , it just was n't right -- and it was never going to be . " Who 's who on the Internet ? Who knows In Friday 's segment , Tuiasosopo apologized to all those he hurt , including Te'o , Teo 's family and his own family . "  I ca n't express how sorry I am , " he said . "  The truth is I hurt every day for the decisions I have made . " ` Catfishing ' masks identities online CNN 's Chelsea J. Carter contributed to this report .	Three forensic voice analysts all reached the same conclusion , "  Dr. Phil " says Tuiasosopo says the hoax was linked to sexual abuse he endured beginning at age 12 "  It has everything to do with what I went through as a child , " he says on show
Philadelphia  CNN  -- For me , touring the SS United States felt kind of like I was exploring my grandmother 's attic for the first time , not knowing what I 'd find . The ship offers lots of room for surprises . It stretches the length of New York 's Chrysler Building and is 100 feet longer than the Titanic . Its legendary decks were the site of untold stories , where movie stars rubbed shoulders with famous musicians and kings . And it 's fast . On its first voyage , the SS United States set a trans-Atlantic speed record -- three days , 10 hours and 42 minutes -- a feat that has never been surpassed . The ship 's late designer William Francis Gibbs constructed the vessel with fireproof materials , saying , "  You ca n't set her on fire , you ca n't sink her , and you ca n't catch her . " Now , six decades after its heyday , the vessel dubbed "  America 's flagship " is in need of a rescue . Expensive maintenance may force the owners to sell the historic ship for scrap metal , unless a solution can be found . During my tour through the dark and damp shell of former grandeur , the vastness of Gibbs ' creation became even more evident . Gibbs , a naval architect responsible for nearly 5,500 Navy vessels that helped win World War II , put everything he had into his ultimate ship . The 2,200-passenger liner also was meant to double as a troop transport ship if war broke out . Gibbs ' obsession with creating the perfect ocean liner has now transformed into his granddaughter 's obsession with saving it . "  My grandfather was once asked who do you love more , this ship or my grandmother , and he said , ` the ship , a thousand percent , ' " said Susan Gibbs , executive director of the SS United States Conservancy . "  This is an extraordinary American achievement , an amazing expression of our post-war history , and it would be so tragic to see it destroyed . " Standing in the sunlight flooding the hefty enclosed promenade , Gibbs admits she never traveled aboard "  The Big U. " "  I did n't know my grandfather . He died when I was young , " she said , gazing out the floor-to-ceiling windows . "  But I 've gotten to know him through this ship . His spirit is here . " "  He felt this was the perfect ship and loved what she said about the nation . He saw the ship as a metaphor for the nation 's post-war strength , pride and accomplishment . " Gibbs remembers traveling to Philadelphia from her home in Washington to see the SS United States for the first time . Along the way , she read her grandmother 's diary out loud in the car . The journal revealed tales about the ship 's maiden voyage and a joyful conga line celebrating the new speed record . It unveiled a bygone era when passengers donned mink stoles and enjoyed a liquor selection that included 49 kinds of scotch . Full of nostalgia , Gibbs snapped back to reality when the car edged closer to the dock . She gasped at her first sight of the weathered ship . "  When I walked on board , it was only a shadow of that , " she said . "  I was saddened , but determined that we can not let the ship go . " Walking through the ship 's empty belly , I can feel that sadness too . Gone are the stately furnishings and decorations . All that remain of the cabins are outlines on the floor , accompanied by plugged toilet holes . It was hard not to feel like I was trespassing on property that was ransacked . Only this was no robbery -- the ship 's interior fittings were auctioned off in the '80s . Despite the missing fittings , the SS United States remains nothing less than majestic . The longer I was on the ship , the easier it was to imagine it full of life . I could picture Marlon Brando chatting with artist Salvador Dali in the ballroom ; hear Duke Ellington on stage tickling the ivories on one of the ship 's fireproof pianos ; or watch President John F. Kennedy and first lady Jacqueline Kennedy strolling on the decks . Dan McSweeney 's father worked as a steward on the SS United States . Today , he oversees the liner 's redevelopment project and is looking for partners to help save it . Out of service since 1969 , the former reserve ship for the U.S. Navy has been docked in Philadelphia since the mid-1990s . The goal is to turn it into a stationary entertainment complex and museum . "  It 's an irreplaceable part of American history , and once it 's gone , it 'll never come back , and we 'll never have anything like it in the future , " said McSweeney , managing director of the SS United States Redevelopment Project . "  It 's not a vanity project . This is going to create jobs and be the crown jewel of a waterfront district . " "  If we lose it , we 'll never get it back . " For now , the clock is ticking . Keeping the ship afloat costs nearly $ 80,000 a month for basic maintenance , insurance and security . The SS United States Conservancy launched a website where visitors can sponsor a piece of the ship for $ 1 per square inch . Gibbs says they have about two months before they 'll have to sell the ship for scrap -- something she wo n't even allow herself to think about . "  Its name is the SS United States , and she 's been here  in Philadelphia  for 17 years because she 's not done yet , " Gibbs said . "  We have to save her . " As Gibbs and I found our way off the ship , my shoes crackled against the crumbling , faded green surface of the outside deck -- like walking across an abandoned tennis court . We waved goodbye , and I wandered across the dock and turned around . Tilting my head back as far as I could , I stared up at her mighty bow . I could n't help but notice the ship 's towering sides were stained with streaks of rust -- the tears of a once proud iron lady .	Historic ocean liner SS United States is running out of money and may have to be scrapped Ship designer 's granddaughter : "  We have to save her " Supporters hope to make the ship a stationary entertainment complex and museum The ship set the trans-Atlantic speed record , hosted stars like Grace Kelly , Duke Ellington
CNN  -- Get ready for another addition to the line of Disney heroines : Moana , an ocean adventurer . "  Moana , " a film about a teenage girl in "  ancient Oceania , " according to the plot description , is scheduled to make its debut in late 2016 . Moana , who is described as a "  born navigator , " sets out on a voyage to seek a mysterious island . Her primary companion is Maui , a demigod , and together they "  traverse the open ocean on an action-packed voyage , encountering enormous sea creatures , breathtaking underworlds and ancient folklore . " Ron Clements and John Musker  "  The Little Mermaid , " "  The Princess and the Frog "  are directing . Disney has always been a place for princesses -- a tendency that 's earned them some criticism over the years -- but it 's hard to argue with the box office . Last year 's "  Frozen " is the highest-grossing animated film of all time , and other Disney classics -- including "  Beauty and the Beast , " "  The Little Mermaid " and "  Cinderella " -- have been cash cows for the studio , influencing both popular culture and the bottom line .  More "  Frozen " is coming , too . "  Moana " promises more of the modern version : beautiful , clever and adventurous , said Musker in a statement , according to the Los Angeles Times . "  Moana is indomitable , passionate and a dreamer with a unique connection to the ocean itself , " he said . "  She 's the kind of character we all root for , and we ca n't wait to introduce her to audiences . "	New Disney heroine : Moana , a navigator from Oceania Film due to be released in late 2016 Moana is "  indomitable , passionate " with "  unique connection to the ocean "
A series of errors by pilots and a failure to react effectively to technical problems led to the crash of Air France Flight 447 , France 's Bureau of Investigation and Analysis said Thursday in its final report on the disaster . The Brazil-to-France flight plunged into the Atlantic Ocean on June 1 , 2009 , killing all 228 people on board . The report details how the pilots failed to respond effectively to problems with the plane 's speed sensors or to correct its trajectory when things first started to go wrong . When ice crystals blocked the plane 's pitot tubes , which are part of a system used to determine air speed , the autopilot disconnected and the pilots did not know how to react to what was happening , the report said . "  The occurrence of the failure in the context of flight in cruise completely surprised the crew of flight AF 447 , " the report said . The crew responded by over-handling the aircraft , which destabilized its flight path and caused further confusing readings , the report said . "  In the first minute after the autopilot disconnection , the failure of the attempt to understand the situation and the disruption of crew cooperation had a multiplying effect , inducing total loss of cognitive control of the situation . " The Airbus A330 went into a sustained stall , signaled by a warning message and strong buffeting of the aircraft , the report said . "  Despite these persistent symptoms , the crew never understood they were in a stall situation and therefore never undertook any recovery maneuvers . " The pilots responded to the situation by pointing the nose upward , rather than downward , to recover . The report makes 25 new safety recommendations , on top of a number made in an initial report last year . Some of the recommendations have already been implemented , but it could take years for others fully to come into effect , chief investigator Alain Bouillard told reporters as he introduced the report . Opinion : Why do planes still crash ? The international aeronautic community will likely focus on the crew 's loss of awareness of what was going on , Bouillard said . The use of automatic systems on planes has improved safety overall , he explained , but "  when it comes down to it , safety will always be based on the capacity of the pilots and the signals which they are given , which they have to understand and react to . " It was an "  exceptional " inquiry because of the scale of the disaster , the number of countries involved and the difficulty of locating the plane 's data recorders , he said . The intense media coverage of the crash added to the pressure , Bouillard said . It 's a crash that never should have happened , said CNN 's aviation specialist Richard Quest . The industry will be studying the human factors of the crew on the plane for many years to come . The Bureau of Investigation and Analysis said its report does not examine the issue of responsibility for the crash , which is the subject of a separate judicial inquiry . History 's deadliest plane crashes The icing-up of the pitot tubes was "  a phenomenon that was known but misunderstood by the aviation community at the time of the accident , " the report pointed out . Pilots should be trained on how to handle this event and a high-altitude stall with better technical instruction and flight simulator programs , the report said . Airplane ergonomics should also be improved , it said , "  to provide guidance to crews to help them recognize and manage unusual situations . " International communications systems should also be reviewed to ensure swifter response and recovery efforts after accidents at sea , the report said . It took four searches over the course of nearly two years to locate the bulk of Flight 447 's wreckage and the majority of the bodies in a mountain range deep under the ocean . The aircraft 's voice recorder and flight data recorder were recovered from the ocean floor in May 2011 after an extensive search using miniature submersible vehicles . The Bureau of Investigation and Analysis said the data indicated that Flight 447 crashed because the aircraft 's speed sensors gave invalid readings . Who 's really flying the plane ? Last year 's report from the bureau said the airplane climbed to 38,000 feet when "  the stall warning was triggered and the airplane stalled . " It then descended , crashing into the Atlantic . The descent lasted three minutes and 30 seconds , and the engines remained operational , the report said . Studies of the debris and bodies found soon after the crash led the French agency to conclude the plane hit the water belly first , essentially intact . Oxygen masks were not deployed , indicating that the cabin did not depressurize , the bureau said in a 2009 report . Flight 447 was passing through an area prone to volatile and dangerous weather known as the Inter-tropical Convergence Zone when it went down . The zone is a belt of low pressure that wraps around the planet . Clouds and storms form along it because it is literally where the winds of the world 's hemispheres meet . Pilot : ` Damn it , we 're going to crash ' A previous report from the French agency also raised questions about the training of the pilots on the flight . The recorders revealed the pilots had failed to discuss repeated stall warnings and "  had received no high altitude training " to deal with the situation , the bureau said . They failed to regain control of the aircraft , and no announcement was made to the passengers , of 32 different nationalities , before it plummeted from the sky . How did you react to the report ? Sound off on CNN iReport .	Investigators make 25 new safety recommendations in their final report The pilots ' failure to react effectively to technical problems led to the crash , the report says Air France Flight 447 crashed in 2009 en route from Brazil to France The flight recorder was recovered last year from the bottom of the Atlantic Ocean
Washington  CNN  -- The Federal Aviation Administration said Friday that it is looking into allegations that passengers onboard singer Justin Bieber 's charter flight last week interfered with the flight crew . Under FAA regulations , "  No person may assault , threaten , intimidate , or interfere with a crew member in the performance of the crew member 's duties aboard an aircraft . " According to a law enforcement sources , Bieber and his father were "  extremely abusive verbally " to a flight attendant during a flight on the chartered Gulfstream IV aircraft from Ontario , Canada , to Teterboro Airport in New Jersey last Friday in advance of the Super Bowl . Justin Bieber and his father refused a pilot 's repeated warnings to stop smoking pot on the flight , according to a report by U.S. Customs and Border Protection , which was read to CNN . The pilots asked the flight attendant to remain in the cockpit to protect her from the alleged abusive behavior , the report says . Law enforcement sources told CNN that the pilots donned oxygen masks to keep them from inhaling the pot smoke . The pilots were concerned the smoke would result in them failing drug tests , law enforcement sources told CNN . After the jet landed at Teterboro , federal agents from CBP , the Drug Enforcement Administration and Immigration and Customs Enforcement said they detected the odor of marijuana , which prompted a search by drug-sniffing dogs , the source said . No drugs were found , a law enforcement source told CNN . Bieber , 19 , a citizen of Canada living in the United States on a work visa , was detained by border agents for several hours of questioning to determine if he was admissible to the United States . Bieber and his entourage of 10 were granted re-entry . Authorities said both civil and criminal statutes prohibit passengers from interfering with the a flight crew in the performance of their duties . Under a civil statute , violators face penalties of $ 11,000 to $ 27,500 , the FAA said . Under a criminal statute , violators face a maximum of 20 years in prison and fines up to $ 250,000 . It is not clear how the case came to the FAA 's attention . The agency declined to say whether they were alerted by complaints from the pilots , by media reports , or by the investigating CBP officers or others . In a statement to CNN on Friday , the FAA said it is "  looking into allegations " that passengers on the plane interfered with the flight crew , but it did not identify specific passengers . A representative for the pop star had no comment Friday night . Bieber has had several encounters with law enforcement authorities in recent months . He was recently arrested in Toronto , accused of assaulting his limousine driver in December . He also faces charges of drunken driving , resisting arrest and driving on an expired license after being stopped by police in Miami Beach , Florida , last month . The Los Angeles County district attorney is considering whether to charge Bieber with felony vandalism in the egging of his neighbor 's house on January 9 , 2014 . CNN 's Susan Candiotti contributed to this report .	Sources say Bieber and his father were "  extremely abusive verbally " to flight attendant The pilots reportedly donned oxygen masks to prevent inhaling marijuana smoke Civil and criminal statutes prohibit interfering with a flight crew in its duties A Bieber rep has no comment
CNN  -- 'T is the season , for movies , that is ! This holiday season is introducing audiences to a whole new crop of flicks guaranteed to drive you to a theater , despite the $ 10 ticket . Check out the movies taking 2010 out with a bang . "  Burlesque " Christina Aguilera stars as a small-town girl who goes to Los Angeles , California , to perform in a musical revue run by Cher , an Oscar-winning actress who has n't starred in a film in a decade . In real life , Cher has reportedly been helping Aguilera through her divorce . But things are looking up for Aguilera , who got her star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame right before the movie 's premiere on November 15 . "  Burlesque " will be released November 24 and also stars Stanley Tucci , Kristen Bell and Julianne Hough . "  Love and Other Drugs " In this flick , which also opens November 24 , a pharmaceutical salesman  Jake Gyllenhaal  begins a relationship with a woman who has Parkinson 's disease  Anne Hathaway  . The movie is loosely adapted from Jamie Reidy 's book "  Hard Sell : The Evolution of a Viagra Salesman " and features Gabriel Macht , Hank Azaria and Oliver Platt . "  The King 's Speech " The plot of this movie follows an Australian speech therapist who tries to help King George VI of Britain overcome a speech impediment . Colin Firth is already getting Oscar nods for his role as King George VI . The buzz-worthy film opens November 26 and features Geoffrey Rush and Helena Bonham Carter . "  Black Swan " After dominating the film-festival circuit , "  Black Swan " is coming to theaters December 3 . The sexy film tells the tale of the relationship between a veteran ballet dancer and her rival . Natalie Portman is expected to earn a best actress nomination for her performance as a mentally unstable ballerina and co-star Mila Kunis is getting Oscar buzz as well . Kunis reportedly lost 20 pounds for the role , as both stars underwent vigorous ballet training . "  The Chronicles of Narnia : The Voyage of the Dawn Treader " Due in theaters December 10 , Lucy  Georgie Henley  and Edmund Pevensie  Skandar Keynes  are drawn back into Narnia with their cousin Eustace  Will Poulter  to help Caspian  Ben Barnes  find seven lords while aboard the Dawn Treader ship . This is the third film based on C. S. Lewis ' books , and reportedly Barnes ' favorite of the seven tales . The first Narnia film , "  The Lion , the Witch and the Wardrobe " is the 35th highest grossing movie worldwide of all time . "  The Company Men " Opening December 10 , Tommy Lee Jones , Ben Affleck and Chris Cooper star as three men trying to survive during a year in which their company undergoes corporate downsizing . The film might hit a bit too close to home for some people in the recession , but critics are giving it solid reviews . "  The Fighter " Mark Wahlberg 's passion project hit theaters December 10 . The film takes a look at the true-life story of boxing hero " Irish " Micky Ward and his brother  played by Christian Bale  who helped train him before going pro in the mid-1980s . The movie also stars Oscar nominees Melissa Leo and Amy Adams , along with Conan O'Brien 's younger sister , Kate , who plays one of Ward 's seven sisters . "  The Tourist " Opening December 10 , Angelina Jolie and Johnny Depp star in this highly anticipated film in which an Interpol agent draws a tourist into a web of intrigue . We expect ladies and gentlemen to flock to theaters in hopes of seeing two of the world 's most beautiful people lock lips , even if it 's only rated PG-13 . "  How Do You Know " How do you know when you 're in love ? In luck ? In trouble ? If you 're in the mood for a lighthearted chick flick , check out Oscar winners Jack Nicholson and Reese Witherspoon in this romantic comedy , hitting theaters December 17 . In the film , Witherspoon is caught in a love triangle involving a baseball player  Owen Wilson  and an old friend  Paul Rudd .  Our favorite line from the trailer ? "  I think I 'm in love with somebody when I wear a condom with the other girls . " "  All Good Things " It 's , as the tagline says , "  The perfect love story . Until it became the perfect crime . " "  All Good Things " is a love story and murder mystery based on the most notorious unsolved missing person 's case in New York history . It was inspired by the story of superwealthy Robert Durst , who was suspected , but never tried , in the death of his wife , Kathie , who disappeared in 1982 and was never found . The film stars Ryan Gosling , Kirsten Dunst , Kristen Wiig and Frank Langella and will first be released in New York on December 3 . Click here for a complete list of holiday movies	Anne Hathaway and Jake Gyllenhaal get steamy in "  Love and Other Drugs " Colin Firth is getting Oscar nods for his role as King George VI in "  The King 's Speech " After dominating the film-festival circuit , "  Black Swan " is coming to theaters December 3
CNN  -- A pipe bomb hidden inside a newspaper exploded when an elderly Vacaville , California , man picked up the paper near his doorstep Sunday morning , ATF spokesman Marc Willis said . The man , who suffered "  certainly serious , but not life-threatening injuries , " was airlifted to a hospital , Vacaville city spokesman Mark Mazzaferro said . Residents of a dozen neighboring homes were evacuated for several hours , but they were allowed to return home later Sunday afternoon , Mazzaferro said . Investigators were questioning neighbors and relatives to determine why the man may have been targeted by a bomb , he said . It was not immediately known if the victim was targeted . "  Neighbors are telling authorities that an unidentified man in camouflage was seen in the neighborhood last night , " Willis said . A bomb squad from Travis Air Force Base and federal investigators combed the neighborhood with explosives-sniffing dogs in the Brown 's Valley section of the town , but they found no other explosive devices , Mazzaferro said CNN 's Chuck Johnston contributed to this report	NEW : The wounds to the blast victim are "  not life-threatening , " official says NEW : Witnesses saw a "  man in camouflage " the night before , an ATF spokesman says NEW : The neighborhood search finds no other bombs NEW : Evacuated residents can return to their homes
CNN  -- Rony Delgarde immigrated to the United States from Haiti with only $ 5 and a Bible . The first thing he saw when he landed at Miami International Airport were all the colorfully painted buildings . "  People paint their house yellow , white , red , blue and I said , ` Wow , there 's so much paint in this country ! ' " Delgarde says . " I said , ` When I get money in this country , I 'm going to buy paint and take paint back home . ' " From that idea , Global Paint for Charity was born . Delgarde , who is 38 and works as a health care consultant , states the mission : "  to recycle leftover paint from businesses and residents , processes it and then donate it to vulnerable families in developing countries all around the world . " Delgarde explains the process for making paint in Haiti . "  We cut down trees and we started fire . We pick out rocks from the river and we put it inside the fire and close the fire for a week . And once it 's done , it 's a wonderful powder . " He points out that this type of paint washes away in the rain . Delgarde 's nonprofit organization wants to make a lasting difference . Two years ago , Delgarde started going to construction sites in the Atlanta area , asking them what they did with their leftover paint . He told them , "  I want to collect your paint and take it someplace where people do n't have access to paint . We 'll give them paint and we 'll change their lives . That 's when I started collecting paint . " The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency estimates that approximately 10 % of the 637 million gallons of paint sold annually is left over , equal to about 64 million gallons per year . So far , Delgarde has donated 6,000 gallons of paint to projects in Kenya , Haiti and Uganda . He recently returned from Equatorial Guinea , where he donated 200 gallons of paint to an orphanage for children who lost their parent to HIV/AIDS . "  We looked at schools , hospitals , family homes and they were not painted . It really touched my heart to see the bacteria on the walls that were not painted . I said we have to do something , " he says . Those looking to donate their leftover paint can visit the website of the group , GlobalPaints.Org , and fill out a request for a pickup . Ed Spencer , a consultant in Atlanta , says he donated his paint for several reasons . "  Recycling is number one and helping people is obviously number two . I think he 's taken something very difficult for people to do correctly , that 's recycling paint and created a way to do it and do it safely . And quite honestly , he 's made it very inexpensive for people . It can be very expensive to get rid of large amounts of paint . " James Doherty , museum information specialist at the Jimmy Carter Library and Museum in Atlanta , was thrilled to be able to donate the museum 's leftover paint to such a good cause . "  I was really excited to hear about Global Paint and the use for the paint in Third World nations because we have such a hard time getting rid of paint , and this kills two birds with one stone . It keeps the paint out of the landfills and it also goes to a good use , " Spencer says . Although he has received phone calls from all around the country , Delgarde gets most of his paint donations from the Atlanta area . In addition to paint donations , Delgarde also receives monetary donations to help offset cost of shipping the paint . He does n't do it alone either ; he has a board of directors that consists of volunteer small business owners and government officials . After picking up the paint , Delgarde drives to one of three storage units . "  The other units are already completely full , " he says . As he slides up the door to the unit , it 's obvious ; this one is almost full as well . "  We used to have a small warehouse where we would process the paint . We would separate the paint by color , by brand , by characteristic and then go through a consolidation process . We put it all into five-gallon containers and that we ship to people in the developing world . " Delgarde says that the calls for paint donations have grown from 12 weekly to between 300 and 400 hundred per day . Now , he needs to find a new warehouse to start processing paint again . "  We 've been receiving a lot of paint . We need that paint , so we can give paint to everybody , to beautify the world , that 's my goal . But we need someplace where we can process the paint , " he says . Students from Georgia Tech have partnered with Global Paint to design a machine that can process the paint . The board of directors for Global Paint has been working to raise the $ 95,000 it will cost to build the machine . "  We will be able to make 3,000 gallons of paint per day if we have that machine . That would be my dream come true , " Delgarde says . Delgarde recalls a letter that he received from a woman in Uganda who received paint . "  Her painted house uplifted her spirits . She feels happier . She feel the kids bring joy in the house because she can hear the noise , they are so happy . We bring joy with the paint we were able to donate . To me , that touched my heart . "	Rony Delgarde reprocesses donated paint and ships it to organizations in developing countries Delgarde founded the nonprofit Global Paint for Charity in Atlanta His goal is to rehabilitate and beautify struggling communities and protect the environment Global Paint is raising money for a machine to process large quantities of donated paint
The number of children with autism in the United States continues to rise , according to a new report released Thursday by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . The latest data estimate that 1 in 88 American children has some form of autism spectrum disorder . That 's a 78 % increase compared to a decade ago , according to the report . Since 2000 , the CDC has based its autism estimates on surveillance reports from its Autism and Developmental Disabilities Monitoring Network . Every two years , researchers count how many 8-year-olds have autism in about a dozen communities across the nation .  The number of sites ranges from six to 14 over the years , depending on the available funding in a given year . In 2000 and 2002 , the autism estimate was about 1 in 150 children . Two years later 1 in 125 8-year-olds had autism . In 2006 , the number was 1 in 110 , and the newest data -- from 2008 -- suggests 1 in 88 children have autism . Read the CDC report  PDF Boys with autism continue to outnumber girls 5-to-1 , according to the CDC report . It estimates that 1 in 54 boys in the United States have autism . Mark Roithmayr , president of the advocacy group Autism Speaks , says more children are being diagnosed with autism because of "  better diagnosis , broader diagnosis , better awareness , and roughly 50 % of ` We do n't know . ' " He said the numbers show there is an epidemic of autism in the United States . Early recognition of signs of autism -- a neurodevelopment disorder that leads to impaired language , communication and social skills -- is vital because it can lead to early intervention , says Dr. Gary Goldstein , an autism specialist and president of the Kennedy Krieger Institute in Baltimore . "  There have been studies -- double-blinded studies -- to show that behavioral early intervention changes the outcome for children , " Goldstein says . Roy Sanders and Charlie Bailey sensed something was wrong with their son Frankie Sanders when he was 9 months old . "  Our pediatrician at the time who was a friend of ours tried to tell us that we were being too cautious , we were being too anxious , " Sanders says . Frankie 's pediatrician thought his parents were seeing developmental delays that were n't really there . But Frankie was n't talking , Sanders says . "  He did n't have speech ; he did n't have any communication skills at all . He did n't point . He would flap quite a bit . He would stare at fans ; he would stare at lights ; he would become frantic if he did n't have a Thomas the -LSB- Tank -RSB- Engine because he was obsessed with Thomas the -LSB- Tank -RSB- Engine . " His parents kept pushing , and Frankie , now a ninth-grade nose guard and defensive guard for the Decatur Bulldogs football team in Decatur , Georgia , was diagnosed with autism when he was 15 months old . iReport : Have a child with autism ? Sign up to participate in a project with CNN . "  Early detection is associated with better outcomes , " says CDC Director Dr. Thomas Frieden . "  The earlier kids are detected , the earlier they could get services , and the less impairment they 'll have on their learning and in their lives on a long-term basis is our best understanding . " The CDC is working with the Academy of American Pediatrics to recommend that children get screened for autism at ages 18 months and 24 months , Frieden says . CDC : What you should know about autism However , according to the CDC report , most children were diagnosed between ages 4 and 5 , when a child 's brain is already more developed and harder to change . "  Doctors are getting better at diagnosing autism ; communities are getting much better at -LSB- providing -RSB- services to children with autism , and CDC scientists are getting much better at tracking which kids in the communities we 're studying have autism , " Frieden says . "  How much of that increase is a result of better tracking and how much of it is a result of an actual increase , we still do n't know . We know more about autism today than we have ever known , " he says , "  but there is still so much we do n't know and wish that we knew . "	One in 88 U.S. kids thought to be autistic , CDC says ; for boys it 's 1 in 54 Why ? Better , broader diagnosis , better awareness , and "  50 % of ` We do n't know , " expert says . Advocate : There is an epidemic of autism in the United States . Autistic teen Frankie Sanders shows benefits of early detection
ANTIGUA , Guatemala  CNN  -- For many years , Guatemala has been a place of relatively uncomplicated adoptions for American parents . The small country 's government estimates as many as 17 babies leave each day for adoptive parents in the United States . Carolina , a 3-month-old Guatemalan girl , was bound for the U.S. until Guatemalan authorities intervened . But that number could soon drop to zero because of concerns over alleged improprieties in the Guatemalan adoption process . Guatemalan President Oscar Berger announced recently that adoptions to the United States will be suspended on January 1 , 2008 , a decision that could leave nearly 3,000 babies currently in the adoption pipeline in legal limbo . "  This is our heritage , our future , " said Carmen Wennier , head of Guatemala 's Social Welfare bureau , who has criticized the adoption system . Guatemala has the highest per capita rate of adoption in the world and the United States represents the largest number of adoptions , with an estimated one of every 100 Guatemalan babies sent to the United States , according to the U.S. consulate in Guatemala . U.S. officials estimate more than 5,000 adoptions from Guatemala will be processed this year , an annual high which would make Guatemala the second biggest origin of adoptive babies to the United States , behind China . Adoption on hold after agency raided " Adoption has been a hotly contested issue in Guatemala for years . While adoptive parents in the United States undergo rigorous screening , adoptions in Guatemala are processed under a notary system that allows lawyers and judges to place children for adoption . Both Guatemalan and U.S. officials fear the system leads to practices such as paying birth mothers for children , or , some instances , using coercion . "  We have thousands of cases of Guatemalan children who have been adopted to the United States and have had terrific experiences as adoptive children there , and frankly , have probably experienced a life more full of opportunity and support than they would have if they had been abandoned in Guatemala , " U.S. Ambassador to Guatemala James Derham said . "  What we want to do is make sure that all adoptions are consistent with these kinds of ideas . " Both U.S. and Guatemalan officials say gaps in the regulation and the high sums of money at play - adoptions can cost up to $ 30,000 to complete -- may have created unintended incentives in a country where the U.S. State Department estimates 80 percent of the population lives in poverty . For prospective adoptive parents awaiting children in the United States , the recent developments are wrenching . But despite the State Department warnings , dozens of Americans still fill major hotels in Guatemala City meeting babies they expect will soon be theirs . Several hotels in the city offer adoption packages and baby-friendly amenities to prospective adoptive parents . The couples stay there when they come to first see the babies while waiting for paperwork to be processed or to pick them up at the end of the adoption process . Many of those couples say the charges of coercion of birth mothers are overblown and that thousands of abandoned children will be condemned to a life of poverty if greater restrictions on adoptions are imposed . "  Nobody reports on what will happen to these children if the adoptions are stopped , " said one American parent who asked not to be identified . "  The city will be filled with street kids . " The increasing scrutiny of adoptions from Guatemala already has thrown some adoptions into flux . Carolina , a 3-month-old Guatemalan girl , was just months away from joining her adoptive parents , Ellen and Sean Darcy , in their Boston , Massachusetts , home , when she and 45 other babies were seized from Casa Quivira , an adoption agency , by the Guatemalan government . "  Casa Quivira was the last stop on an assembly line , " Wennier told CNN . "  They had the final product and they had to sell it at the best price . " Guatemala police arrested Casa Quivira 's lawyers and charged them with child abduction . No plea has yet been entered , but the agency 's owners , American Cliff Phillips and his Guatemalan wife , Sandra Gonzalez , deny doing anything illegal . "  We can respond for the work of Casa Quivira and we will make all the efforts to clear our name , to get these kids home , " Gonzalez said through tears . She adamantly denies Casa Quivira wanted to do anything more than help save children from poverty and make American families whole . Carolina 's adoptive mom in the United States , Ellen Darcy , is worried about Carolina 's future , but she wants the investigation to go forward so she 'll know if the adoption was legitimate . "  We want to know . We do n't want to complete an adoption that is anything but completely legal and where this little girl has been relinquished willingly , " she said . The Darcy 's already have one child they adopted from Guatemala , a boy named Dylan , and they were excited for Carolina 's arrival . In Guatemala , birth mothers are required to sign a document in court in which they state they are relinquishing their child , but they are not interviewed by a judge as to their reasons . To stem corruption , the U.S. Embassy has added its own requirement that birth mothers appear with the baby when proceedings to request a Visa for the baby begin . In August , they also began requiring two DNA tests to confirm the identities of mother and child . But proponents of stricter adoption guidelines in Guatemala said that even those tests are not sufficient . The Guatemalan Office of the Attorney General said it has 80 confirmed cases so far this year of adoption irregularities , including baby stealing and false DNA tests . The Guatemalan Chief Prosecutor 's Office recently launched a criminal investigation into the two laboratories contracted to take DNA samples from birth mothers and the children . The U.S. Consulate and adoptive parents said those allegations do not taint the more than 4,000 adoptions that were processed legitimately last year . But due to the uncertainty expected from then anticipated changes in process , the State Department has recently issued a warning advising American citizens not to initiate any new adoptions from Guatemala . Like other parents and prospective parents , Ellen Darcy , as she waits in her Boston home for baby Carolina , is concerned about the children . "  I 'm not worried about the American couples . That 's a non-issue . I 'm worried about the kids , " she said . "  If they are n't given an option to be raised abroad , that they will perish and spend their entire childhood in an orphanage in state custody with nobody to encourage them or be a parent or take a vested interest in them . The American parents will be fine . It 's the kids . " E-mail to a friend	Guatemala has long been a source of relatively fast , uncomplicated adoptions But adoptions to U.S. parents are supposed to cease as of January 1 , 2008 Officials in both countries are concerned about abuses in the adoption system Still , the U.S. says last year 's 4,000-plus adoptions are untainted
Jim Jeffords , who shifted the balance of power in the Senate when he bolted from the Republican Party in 2001 , died on Monday . The former Vermont lawmaker had been in declining health and died at a military retirement center in Washington , according to a one-time aide , Diane Derby . He was 80 . Jeffords was a veteran member of the House before moving to the Senate in 1989 , where he was one of the most liberal Republicans . Jeffords embraced issues like education and the environment . Years later , many in the party believed he single-handedly sank a sweeping tax cut package proposed by then-President George W. Bush , forcing the White House to negotiate a smaller deal with Democrats . Political tensions boiled over and Jeffords became an independent in 2001 and caucused with Democrats . The drastic step shifted Senate control to Democrats . He left the Senate in 2007 . President Barack Obama said in a statement that Jeffords never lost the "  fiercely independent spirit that made Vermonters , and people across America , trust and respect him " and that he "  voted his principles , even if it sometimes meant taking a lonely or unpopular stance . " People we 've lost in 2014	Jim Jeffords handed Democrats control of the Senate when he left the GOP He angered Republicans when he opposed George W. Bush 's tax cuts Jeffords was a fixture in Washington for decades , first serving in the House
On January 14 , 2013 , George H.W. Bush was released from a Houston hospital after seven weeks of treatment for bronchitis , an infection and a persistent cough . On Thursday he was sky-diving to celebrate his 90th birthday . A year and a half ago , Bush was already suffering from a form of Parkinson 's disease , and some people were n't sure how much he would be able to bounce back after his lengthy hospitalization . But not only has he been able to travel -- and now sky-dive -- he has also seen a political resurgence . Bushes thank Clinton , Obama for well wishes In April of last year , he attended the opening of his son 's presidential library , telling the audience , "  It 's a great pleasure to be here to honor our oldest son . " In July , he visited the White House , where President Barack Obama recognized him for his commitment to volunteerism through his "  Points of Light " initiative . "  We are surely a kinder and gentler nation because of you , " Obama told Bush . Democrat Nunn features Bush 41 in first ad Just in the past month , he received several prestigious honors recognizing his decades of public service and his presidency . The proud Yale '48 graduate received an honorary degree from archrival Harvard , even attending the ceremony , and he also was given a Profile in Courage award by the JFK Library for the 1990 budget deal , which included the politically toxic tax hikes . He admitted at the time that cutting the deal would probably cost him politically , and it did . He lost his re-election bid in 1992 . He and his presidency are now seen in a much better light than they were then . Bush 's earthbound celebration will be a dinner with 200 friends and family and a performance by Irish tenor Ronan Tynan . His jump was a tandem one from a helicopter with Mike Elliott and members of the All Veteran Group , former members of the U. S. Army Golden Knights parachute team . Bush also celebrated his 75th , 80th and 85th birthdays with jumps . A just-released CNN/ORC International poll shows 58 % of Americans now have a favorable opinion of Bush , compared with 47 % in 1992 . His poll numbers jumped to near 70 % during the early days of his son George W. Bush 's presidency . His approval rating is second only to Bill Clinton 's 66 % rate among living presidents . The 41st president marked the 25th anniversary of his inauguration this year . He and his wife , Barbara , attended a celebration event in April featuring hundreds of former administration officials , family and friends , who gathered at his presidential library in College Station , Texas . The Bushes attended some of the seminars examining his presidency and its effects and talked to many of the attendees . "  They just relished it , " former Sen. Alan Simpson of Wyoming , a friend since the 1960s , said of the Bushes ' reaction to the event . Bush was especially touched , Simpson said , by the attendance of Democratic Sen. Tom Harkin of Iowa at the event that spotlighted their work together pushing the Americans with Disabilities Act , which Bush signed into law . "  History is sorting " through Bush 's presidency now , and he is receiving more credit than while he was in office , Simpson said . "  Wait a minute -- the  Berlin  Wall came down ... this guy did things , " he said . "  25 years ago this hour , the people placed their hopes and trust in our team . Still hard to believe I had the honor to serve as President , " the former president posted on his Twitter account in January on the actual anniversary of his inauguration . Ron Kaufman , a longtime friend and former Bush White House official , said , "  History is going to be very , very kind to 41 for many reasons . ... Clearly there 's a resurgence of people looking at 41 , his lifetime and his presidency and after his presidency . ... Respect grows for him and for his family . " The former president , who had mostly stayed away from politics in recent years , now finds himself a big financial draw for Republicans thanks to his fascination with colorful socks . As of last week , the Republican National Committee said it had raised around $ 1 million selling pairs of striped yellow , orange , green and blue socks it created under Bush 's name . As for Bush 's birthday and the attention it will bring , Simpson said , "  I think he will say . ' I do n't deserve this . '  But  the fact is , you  celebrate  the big 7-0 , big 8-0 , big 9-0 -- he 'd be tickled to death . " Kaufman said Bush does n't want people "  puffing him up " and will leave it to history to judge his legacy . "  He really enjoys life to the fullest , " he said . Kaufman added that after Bush 's illness , he is "  less worried about death ... more enjoying his life as it is . " That includes shaving his head to show solidarity with the son of a member of his Secret Service detail who has cancer , and traveling to Duke University to honor Coach Mike Krzyzewski for his work supporting cancer research . As for how the nation views him today , Simpson said Bush "  is quite touched " by an outpouring of love and affection he receives from people across the nation . "  Wherever he goes , people love him , " Kaufman said . Opinion : What Bush at 90 can teach millennials Neil Bush : What 41 wants for his birthday 41 things about Bush 41	George H.W. Bush will celebrate 90th birthday with 200 family and friends A year and a half ago , the 41st president was emerging from a lengthy hospitalization In the years since he left office , George H.W. Bush 's presidency is seen in a different light
CNN  -- Hong Kong is like no other place I 've been . The city 's character is influenced by former British colonial rule , by its deep natural harbor , and its rapid growth and culture of consumerism as one of Asia 's major financial hubs . Its 7 million inhabitants literally live on top of one another in high-rise apartments that stretch as far as the eye can see . That part you probably know . What you may not have heard is how green and stunningly beautiful this metropolis -- which sits perched along lush mountainous islands that jut out of the South China Sea -- really is . If you 're sitting on the fence about whether to travel to Hong Kong , trust me , it 's worth it . And when you get here , follow these tips : Viewing party There 's no shortage of epic views of Hong Kong 's expansive skyline . After a day of shopping and exploring the architecture in Central , head to Hong Kong Park in Midlevels for something more affordable . The park 's conservatory , fountains , aviary and modern art exhibition are all free to the public . First-time visitors wo n't want to miss taking the tram to The Peak for the quintessential Hong Kong experience , but keep in mind that it 's a tourist trap , full of kitschy shops and a Madame Tussaud 's wax museum . Avoid the weekend crowds if you can , but most importantly , pick a clear day or risk disappointment in not capturing one of Hong Kong 's most spectacular views . Once the sun goes down , find a comfy spot on one of the dozens of trendy rooftop bars -- like Wooloomooloo in Wan Chai or Aqua Bar in Tsim Sha Tsui -- for stunning views of Hong Kong at night . Get high Despite Hong Kong 's reputation as an urban jungle , you 're never more than 20 minutes away from nature . Nearly two-thirds of Hong Kong is green space , and parks and hiking trails line the rolling hills and mountains that surround the city . Fair warning : Many of the trails are steep , and some have stairs that go on forever . One of my favorite places to hike is Hong Kong Island 's south side . Dragon 's Back , a gorgeous ridge trail , is a great place to catch stunning views and a nice sea breeze , and ends near the charming beach village of Shek O . If you 're up for a real challenge , start at Tai Tam dam and hike to "  The Twins " for a double dip of very steep climbing that leads to unforgettable views of the south side 's beaches . Hike down the slopes to Stanley , shop at the weekend market and grab dinner at one of the restaurants along the French Riviera-styled waterfront for a relaxing end to the day . Experience Kowloon For a true Hong Kong experience , cross Victoria Harbour by taking the Star Ferry from Central to Kowloon and some of the world 's most densely populated neighborhoods . Walk the streets and crowded markets of Mong Kok and Sham Shui Po to get a sense of old Hong Kong . Here , you can still see factories and low-rise walkups full of local merchants , but you 'd better act quickly . Much of Hong Kong 's older buildings are being torn down and replaced by mammoth skyscrapers . Head to the Temple Street night market for a unique adventure in haggling . Hundreds of street stalls sell cheap goods and knockoff merchandise . Rows of fortune tellers and palm readers wait to read your future . Hungry ? You 've got to try the Cantonese-style rice pots from one of the many curbside restaurants that line the street , or venture into one the massive dining halls for traditional hot pot . Where 's your favorite spot to eat in Hong Kong ? Share your tips with CNN iReport . Island hop Hong Kong 's outlying islands are the perfect escape from the crowded streets and just a quick ferry ride away from Central Ferry Pier . Lamma is a charming , laid-back island dotted with fishing villages , incredible seafood , coffee shops , hiking trails and hidden beaches . Cars are n't allowed , so expect to see lots of bikes and dog-friendly families . A little farther out is Cheung Chau , where you can leisurely explore the Pak Tai Temple and sample dried fish at one of the many butcher shops and fish vendors in the central district of this mostly quiet residential island . Finally , head to Lantau Island and take a glass-bottom cable car to "  The Big Buddha , " a massive bronze statue that offers stunning views of Lantau Peak . Note : The summers in Hong Kong are hot and humid and prone to the occasional typhoon . July and August are particularly swampy .	Hong Kong is a former British colony that is now one of Asia 's major financial hubs It boasts parks , markets and hiking trails galore Hong Kong 's outlying Lamma , Cheung Chau and Lantau islands offer a change of pace Have you ever been there ? Share your photos , videos and tips with CNN iReport .
Israel intercepted a rocket fired at Tel Aviv on Tuesday and killed militants who stormed into Israeli territory , the military said , as people on both sides of the Gaza border were living under a barrage of attacks from the air . In a dramatic escalation of the conflict , militants fired more than 130 rockets at Israeli civilians , Israel said . Palestinians reported 24 people in Gaza were killed and more than 150 injured in Israeli airstrikes . Israel said it targeted about 150 "  terror sites " in Gaza . The warning sirens that blared in Tel Aviv , one of Israel 's most populated areas , showed a threat Israel had warned of . The country said militants ' rockets from Gaza are powerful enough to reach 3.5 million Israeli citizens . "  Hamas will pay a heavy price for its vicious attacks on millions of Israeli civilians , " the Israel Defense Forces said on Twitter . "  No nation would accept constant rocket fire . Neither will we , " the IDF said , using the hashtag #ItMustStop . Islamic Jihad , another Palestinian militant group , took responsibility for the rocket fired at Tel Aviv . In a statement , the group called it a "  response to the ongoing Zionist aggression . " Hamas controls Gaza . Israel has said it holds Hamas responsible for the actions of militant groups inside the territory . Hamas , on Twitter , used the hashtag #Gazaunderattack and warned , "  Retaliations are coming , it is a matter of time . " Flare-up in Israeli-Palestinian violence : Why now ? Hamas later claimed responsibility for firing rockets on Jerusalem and Haifa . Three explosions sounded just west of the capital . There were no immediate reports of casualties . "  The occupation started this aggression and it must pay the price . We will be the ones to define the cost of the bill , " Hamas spokesman Fawzi Barhoum posted on his Facebook page . The possibility of an Israeli incursion into Gaza loomed , with the Cabinet authorizing the military to call up 40,000 troops if needed -- 10,000 more than were called up during Israel 's offensive into Gaza in November of 2012 . Lt. Col. Peter Lerner , a military spokesman , said that only about 1,000 have been called up so far . He referred to "  possible ground maneuvers . " Israeli Intelligence Minister Yuval Steinitz told CNN a ground operation "  might become necessary . " But it was Hamas that claimed responsibility for "  storming " into Israeli territory Tuesday . Hamas-controlled television reported "  from the heart of the battlefield " that a group of its "  commandos " was "  conducting its duties in Zikim Zionist military base according to plan . " Zikim lies just north of Gaza and south of the Israeli city of Ashkelon . The group of militants tried to enter Zikim through the water , Israeli media reported . Israeli soldiers spotted the divers in the water and called in an infantry force , Israel 's Channel 10 reported . An exchange of fire ensued . Israel responded by infantry , air force , and navy , Lerner said . Five attackers -- armed with Kalashnikoves and hand grenades -- were killed , the Israel Defense Forces said . One Israeli soldier was lightly wounded , and the situation was ongoing as of Tuesday evening on the beach near the military 's base in Zikim , he said . Meanwhile , Hamas said it blew up a tunnel under Karem Shalom , an Israeli town near Gaza 's southern border . The town 's residents were ordered to turn off all lights in their homes , Channel 10 reported . Israeli aircraft hovered above and fired toward Gaza , the station said . People in ` human shield ' killed on Gaza rooftop Among the dead in Gaza was Mohammad Sha'aban , a leader of Hamas ' militant wing , Palestinian sources said . Israel confirmed that Sha'aban , "  a senior Hamas terrorist , " was killed . Another militant was killed in an Israeli airstrike on an open field in Gaza . Several Palestinians were killed in an airstrike on a Gaza rooftop . Palestinian medical sources told CNN the death toll was 10 , but then lowered it to seven . Official Palestinian news agency WAFA reported that six were killed . Those killed were forming a "  human shield " on the roof of a home belonging to members of Hamas ' militant wing , Palestinian sources said . Two were children , WAFA and Palestinian medical sources said . The home was near another home belonging to the same Hamas members that Israel struck Monday night , Palestinian sources said . Palestinians said another of the 24 killed was a child who died of wounds after an airstrike on a motorcycle . The Israeli military , on Twitter , said Hamas "  uses Palestinians as human shields when firing rockets at Israel . " The tweet included a photo of what Israel said showed Hamas "  caught firing a rocket " from a civilian area . Israeli warnings : Stay away from Hamas A CNN producer was among those who received an automated phone call from the Israeli military . It warned people in Arabic to stay away from members of Hamas and other terrorist groups in Gaza and not to cooperate with them "  because they are risking your lives . " The message told people not to use their homes to store arsenals for terrorist groups . "  Anyone who is present in these buildings risks their lives . " On Monday , Israel dropped fliers telling residents that terrorist groups and those who smuggle weapons continue to hide among residents even though they know they are "  always a target for the Israel Defense Forces . " It warned that those activities create dangers for residents and their children . The fliers provided phone numbers and e-mail addresses for Gazans to secretly provide information about militant activities . The Israeli military 's Operation Protective Edge against Hamas is part of an effort "  to restore a state of security , " Lerner , the Israeli military spokesman , told CNN on Tuesday . Teens ' deaths sparked new violence Tensions in the region reached a fever pitch after three Israeli teens , including one dual U.S. citizen , on their way home from school in the West Bank were kidnapped last month . Israel blames Hamas . Their bodies were found last week . Later in the week , a Palestinian teen was abducted and then found dead within an hour in Jerusalem . Israel has arrested suspects and says there 's "  strong indication " it was a revenge killing . Amid clashes in the days following , the Palestinian teen 's American cousin , who was visiting , was beaten by men in Israeli security uniforms . Israel also announced a confession in the May killing of another Israeli Jewish teen . The suspect is an Arab resident of northern Israel , and police believe the attack was fueled by Palestinian "  nationalism . " Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas , who was criticized by Palestinians when he condemned the Israeli teens ' kidnappings , called on Israel on Tuesday to immediately stop its strikes , warning the operation would drag the region into instability . Abbas said a truce was needed to "  spare the innocent from mass destruction . " And presidential spokesman Nabil Abu Rdainah accused Israel of carrying out an "  open massacre " against children , women and the elderly , WAFA reported . He said Israel is making a "  decision to expand the war , " which he said will drag "  the region into a spiral of bloody violence " that "  will burn everyone . " Long-range threat Israel says the aim of its offensive is to strike Hamas in Gaza and stop rocket fire into Israel that threatens civilians . Hamas is estimated to have 10,000 rockets of varying ranges , Lerner said , including some that can reach as far north as Tel Aviv and beyond . Israel confirmed that a rocket hit the city of Hadera , which is some 62 miles  100 kilometers  from Gaza . "  They have substantial armaments which can strike the soft underbelly of Israel , " Lerner said . He said the Israel Defense Forces ' position had changed from focusing on de-escalation to preparing for a deterioration of the situation . ` Red lines ' crossed The conflict between the two sides has worsened in the past few days . "  The enemy has crossed the red lines and will be made to pay the price for its crimes , " Mushir Al-Masri , a Hamas leadership figure and member of the Palestinian parliament , wrote on his Facebook page Monday . "  The blood of our martyrs is precious ... and is fuel for the intifada and the resistance . " After that statement , the barrage of rockets from Gaza into Israel increased , with Hamas claiming responsibility . Political strains The conflict is creating strains within the governing coalition of Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu . Foreign Minister Avigdor Lieberman , head of the Yisrael Beiteinu party , said in a news conference Monday that he told Netanyahu of his intention to dissolve his party 's joint faction with Netanyahu 's Likud party , saying it was "  not working . " Lieberman criticized Netanyahu 's handling of Gaza . Tensions are also increasing between Hamas , which controls Gaza , and the more moderate Palestinian Authority in the West Bank . Has the Middle East crisis reached a tipping point ? Israel resident : What I do n't want to happen at my daughter 's wedding	Palestinians say 24 killed in Israeli attacks targeting militants Islamic JIhad claims responsibility for rocket fired at Tel Aviv Five Hamas militants killed trying to "  storm " into Israel from sea , Israel says Israeli minister tells CNN a ground operation "  might become necessary "
London , England  CNN  -- When London 's Olympic organizers needed a knockout venue that would wow the International Olympic Committee and hold the world 's attention , they turned to Zaha Hadid , a provocateur who critics have described as "  the Lady Gaga of architecture " . Iraqi-born Hadid is one of the greatest architects alive . In 2004 , she became the first woman to win the Pritzker Prize , architecture 's greatest honor . The year prior , she was awarded the European Union Mies van der Rohe Prize for a tram station in Strasbourg . Besides art museums and opera houses , she has designed temporary pop-up structures -- such as a handbag-inspired mobile pavilion for Chanel -- a ski jump in Austria , furniture , door handles , a tea and coffee set and vase for Alessi , and plastic high heels for Brazilian shoe brand Melissa . Not all of her work is exclusively for the wealthy . She also won last year 's RIBA Stirling Prize for redesigning a state school in Brixton , South London . Hadid 's Aquatic Centre is the first venue you see when you enter the Olympic village . A # 269m facility that houses two swimming pools and a diving pool , and seats 22,500 , critics have pronounced it the Olympics "  most majestic " space . But for decades , Hadid languished in the shadows , her work dismissed as "  unbuildable " and her atelier rarely commissioned in her adopted city . "  I will always have two regrets , " she told Leading Women . "  I do n't have a presence in London , and I would have liked to have done more work in the Middle East . " More from Leading Women : NASA astronaut who inspired women Architecture was a dream of Hadid 's since she was a young girl and , in Baghdad , where she lived until a teenager , it was all around her . "  Many of the great architects of the time like Corbusier , Frank Lloyd Wright and Sert and Gropius all designed projects for Baghdad , " she says . Hadid 's father headed the National Democratic Party , a progressive force in Iraq in the 1930s and 1940s . "  In the Arab world , like Brazil and in Africa , it was about nation building in that period and also about identity , " Hadid recalls . "  There was a moment of renaissance , of trying to build a new era and adopt some of these modernist ideas like they did in Chandigarh  a renowned example of urban planning in northern India  or Bangladesh . That was an incredible moment of excitement and that 's also why I think it intrigued me at the time . " After an education at the American University of Beirut , Hadid studied architecture at London 's Architectural Association School of Architecture . It was the 1970 's , a time when , she says , the 1968 student uprisings had invigorated experimentation . "  There were so many different ideologies ... There was a lot of focus on drawing at the time , and the idea of the school was really to pick your way through some labyrinth ideas . Looking back , it was very exciting . " Among Hadid 's teachers was radical Dutch theorist Rem Koolhaas , with whom Hadid worked upon graduating in 1977 . Two years later , though , she founded her own practice near Red Lion Square in Holborn . Today , it employs more than 300 people and brings in around $ 50-75 million annually . Deploying the ideas that galvanized her in architecture school has not been easy , and acceptance has come slowly for Hadid . After winning a 1994 competition to design an opera house for Cardiff Bay in Wales , her modernist design was derided by critics and locals , and ultimately rejected in favor of a stadium . It was a slap in the face for Hadid , who still describes the experience as "  traumatic " . "  It became a cause celebre , " she recalls . "  Everyone was trying to prove a point , which was not to allow people to win a major project who are not known , who are not part of the establishment . They did n't like the fact I was not British and I think  being a  woman was also a factor . " "  After that , " she says , "  we were stigmatized . People remembered there was a problem but they do n't know what happened " . Hadid 's major breakthrough came in 2003 , when she designed the Lois and Richard Rosenthal Center for Contemporary Art , in Cincinnati Ohio . Describing her as "  a cultish figure who has built very little of note " , one critic nevertheless pronounced this building "  a virtuoso composition " . The Pritzker Prize followed , and attitudes toward her wild , avant-garde aesthetic softened . Marissa Mayer : Six life lessons from Yahoo CEO Today , Hadid is internationally feted . Her work is found in Bilbao , Riyadh , Rabat , Seoul , Miami and Manchester . She is a Dame Commander of the British Empire and a Commandeur de l'Ordre des Arts et des Lettres in France . She is an honorary member of the American Academy of Arts and Letters and an honorary fellow of Columbia University . She has honorary degrees from Yale and The Pratt Institute , and has been named one of Time magazine 's 100 most influential people . In part , she is also celebrated for breaking ground , as a woman in a male-dominated field . It 's an accolade she is begrudgingly happy to accept . "  I used to not like being called a woman architect : I 'm an architect , not just a woman architect , " she says . "  Guys used to tap me on the head and say "  you are okay for a girl " . But I see the incredible amount of need from other women for reassurance that it could be done , so I do n't mind that at all . " Hadid was awarded this year 's Jane Drew prize for her contribution to the status of women in architecture , something confirmed in a poll of her peers conducted by the British Architects ' Journal . Some poll respondents argued that she could not be considered a role model for working mothers , but Hadid says although she has no children , this was n't a conscious decision . "  I just did n't have them . People think I made a sacrifice , but it was n't the case . I do n't think people should do things because you know "  I am turning this age , I must go have a husband " . If you find somebody and it works out then have kids , it 's very nice . But if you do n't , you do n't . " Stock Exchange CEO : ` Having it all ' is pure nonsense In the world of architecture , a classic juncture on the career path involves building a tower , something Hadid did not achieve until 2004 , when she designed the offices for a Marseilles shipping firm . Her take involved a peculiarly striking base . "  We got this idea of the building having a skirt , " she told Time , "  maybe because I 'm a woman , so I know how to wear one -- who knows ? -- but also because it swirls at the bottom to accommodate public areas on the ground , the lobbies . " Despite having achieved so much , Hadid still believes her outsider status as a non-British woman in architecture , particularly in London , as a mixed blessing . "  Being a woman , I do n't have a stereotype . They let you get away with things they would not let someone else get away with , " she says . "  On the other hand , because you are not a woman , not a European guy , there are certain territories that , no matter what you do , you can not enter . I 'm not part of the brotherhood . I will never be golfing with these guys or on a boat trip . I mean , it 's not going to happen . " "  In America , it 's different . Relationships between men and women professionally are more normalized ... but not so much  in Britain  . " "  Contrary to popular view , I 've never been patronized in the Middle East , " she adds . "  Men maybe treat women differently but they do not treat them with disrespect . They do n't hate women . It 's a very different kind of mentality . " She attributes much of her current success to two unlikely sources : simmering resentment over her failed Cardiff design , and to sleeplessness . "  After the whole Cardiff mess , everyone thought I would give up . There was no reason for me to carry on , but I had to , " she says . "  I made a very conscious decision in 1996 . I thought , I am not going to let them get away with this , and I have to move on . It was n't only me -- there were another 10 , 15 , 20 people in my office who knew there was no work . We were all desperate and they carried on as well . " Shared excitement over the work they were doing kept Hadid 's team going , she says , and from the communal suffering of pulling all-nighters , genius emerged . "  When you are overworked and exhausted there was a sense of delirium . I remember doing four nights in a row with no sleep . Unless you are crazy , nobody would do that , but you are totally focused on the project . Nothing else matters , things could be falling around you -- and that 's what induces great ideas . You are semi-isolated with a bunch of people and it 's very exciting . " These days , she says , "  we are slightly more relaxed " , and she is now driven more by a simple desire to do good work . "  I really think that things can be done much better generally , " she says . "  I have lots of ideas and , of course , just like everything else , you have to edit them , but as an architect you just want to make better and better spaces . "	Iraqi-born Zaha Hadid is the first woman to win architecture 's Pritzker Prize . Her Aquatic Centre is considered the Olympic 's most important venue . As a woman and non-British , Hadid still feels an outsider , but this sometimes works in her favor , she says . She attributes her drive to past failures and the delirium of sleeplessness .
CNN  -- After scouring northern Colorado by foot and air , frantically chasing a Mylar balloon for miles and repeatedly interviewing his big brother , authorities ended the search for 6-year-old Falcon Heene where it began -- at his house . 6-year-old Falcon Heene says he was hiding in a box in the attic while authorities were searching for him . He was in a box . In the attic . The whole time . "  I played with my toys and took a nap , " Falcon told a group of reporters outside his home Thursday afternoon . "  He says he was hiding in the attic , " said Falcon 's father , meteorologist Richard Heene , clutching his son . "  He says it 's because I yelled at him . " "  I 'm sorry I yelled at him , " added Heene , tearfully hugging the boy . In a later interview with CNN 's "  Larry King Live , " Falcon said he heard his parents call for him from the garage . When asked by his father on-air why he did n't respond , the boy replied , "  You guys said we did this for the show . " When the father was pressed by Wolf Blitzer , who was filling in for King , to explain what his son meant , he became uncomfortable , finally saying he was "  appalled " by the questions , and then adding that Falcon was likely referring to all the media coverage . Watch the Heenes talk about the ordeal on CNN 's Larry King Live " Authorities said they believe the case was genuine . The situation grabbed the nation 's attention early Thursday afternoon , after authorities reported that the experimental helium balloon was set adrift with the 6-year-old apparently riding in it . Heene said the family was in the early stages of working on the balloon -- a "  3D low-altitude vehicle " -- when the contraption and the boy went missing . His brother had said he watched Falcon get into the balloon before he untied the tethers , setting it free . Heene later said Falcon was videotaped getting into the vessel by his brother , but "  obviously he got out . " Once it was untethered , the saucer-like craft flew eastward from the Heenes ' neighborhood , though officials could n't immediately confirm how fast it was going . Watch the balloon float thousands of feet over Colorado " Authorities said the silver balloon , 20-feet long and 5-feet high , at times reached 7,000 feet above the ground while adrift . It was found more than 90 minutes later in a field near Colorado Springs . The story took a turn when ABC said that Falcon 's parents , science enthusiasts Richard and Mayumi Heene , were featured on the 100th episode of ABC 's prime-time program "  Wife Swap " in March 2009 . According to the network 's Web site , the Heene family "  devote  s  their time to scientific experiments that include looking for extraterrestrials and building a research-gathering flying saucer to send into the eye of the storm . " Richard Heene is a meteorologist and former television weatherman who has submitted to CNN iReports accounts of his sons helping him chase Hurricane Gustav , among other contributions . iReport.com : Heene family chases a storm Rescuers from several counties followed the saucer-like vessel until it made a soft landing some 90 miles away . Officials rushed to the scene of the landing , smacking the metallic balloon until it deflated . They looked inside -- no Falcon . At that point , there were two possibilities : Either Falcon never got in the balloon , or he fell out . Authorities began to fear the worst after reports surfaced that a box possibly carrying Falcon may have fallen off the balloon . A Weld County Sheriff 's deputy had said he saw an object fall off the balloon somewhere over Platteville , Colorado , which is in the search area . There was no box attached when the balloon landed at 1:35 p.m. See map of balloon 's trip " The widespread worries prompted the Colorado Air National Guard to deploy a UH 60 Black Hawk helicopter , with plans to launch a second one equipped with night vision if necessary . The search , which initially focused on Weld County , covered "  the entire flight plan , from the Fort Collins area down to the Denver International Airport area , " Col. Mark Riccardi said . But a little while later , Falcon turned up at home . Larimer County Sheriff James Alderden said it 's not uncommon for children to seek cover when they realize they 're the subject of a massive search . "  They hide because they think they are in trouble , " he said . "  What was confusing was the eyewitness who said -LSB- Falcon -RSB- climbed into the apparatus , which was not the case , " Alderden said , referring to the boy 's brother . The sheriff said the brother was interviewed several times by investigators and that he was consistent with his story . Marc Friedland , the family 's next-door neighbor , said he saw Richard Heene working on the giant Mylar balloon in the backyard . Learn more about airborne balloons " "  Basically , the whole family was out there and they were working with it , " he said . "  When I came back is when I found out that the event happened . " He said the aircraft was intended to hover around 20 feet in the air and was not intended to carry people . "  Obviously , something went wrong with that . " Friedland described his neighbors as "  a great family . " "  They 're unusual , yes , of course . He 's sort of a scientist-slash-inventor . They 're storm chasers -- they go after tornadoes , hurricanes , things like that , " he said . "  He 's a great kid , " Friedland said of Falcon . "  We see him a lot and they come over and they 're always friendly . "	NEW : Falcon Heene says "  we did this for the show , " authorities say case genuine Falcon Heene 's dad says son hid in attic because he had yelled at him Sibling said boy untethered balloon and climbed in , but no one was found aboard Authorities launched ground and air searches for boy after balloon landed
The accused in the Madrid train bombing are scheduled to hear the verdicts and sentencing on Wednesday morning . All of the 28 defendants are men except for one Spanish woman . All the defendants have pleaded not guilty during the trial . Defendants in the Madrid 2004 train bomb trial pictured earlier during proceedings . There are eight prime defendants who face sentences of about 39,000 years each if convicted on all counts , but the maximum time that could be served under Spanish law is 40 years . Spain has no death penalty and no life-in-prison sentence . Among the 28 are 14 Moroccans , nine Spaniards  accused of passing explosives to the suspected Islamic terrorists  , two Syrians , one Algerian , one Egyptian , and one Lebanese . Spanish prosecutors issued a document with their revised charges last June after hearing much testimony and evidence during the trial . CNN viewed a copy , which lists the charges below . The trial started with 29 defendants , but during the proceedings , prosecutors dropped all charges against Brahim Moussaten , a 23-year-old Moroccan . He initially had faced six years in jail if convicted of collaborating with a terrorist group . Alleged bombers Jamal Zougam , Moroccan , age 34 , faces a 38,960-year sentence if convicted of mass murder of 191 people  at 30 years each  and attempted murder of 1,841 people injured  at 18 years each  , causing terrorist damage to four trains  20 years for each of 4 trains  and membership in a terrorist group  12 years  . Abdelmajid Bouchar , Moroccan , age 24 , faces a 38,960 years if convicted on all charges of mass murder , attempted mass murder , terrorist damage to trains and membership in a terrorist group . He fled after the attacks but was arrested in Serbia in July 2005 and returned to Spain . Alleged ideologues Youssef Belhadj Moroccan , age 31 , faces 38,962 years if convicted of mass murder and attempted mass murder charges , terrorist damage to trains and membership in a terrorist group . Arrested in Belgium in 2005 and sent to Spain in 2005 . Hassan El Haski , Moroccan , age 44 , faces 38,962 years if convicted of mass murder and attempted mass murder charges , terrorist damage to trains and membership in a terrorist group . Rabei Osman El Sayed Ahmed , Egyptian , age 36 , faces 38,962 years if convicted of mass murder and attempted mass murder charges , terrorist damage to trains and membership in a terrorist group . He is serving a 10-year sentence in Italy on a separate terrorism conviction and will view the Madrid verdict on Wednesday via videophone , a court spokeswoman told CNN . He was present in Madrid during the trial through an agreement with Italian authorities . Wiretapped by Italian authorities in June 2004 , he allegedly said , "  the entire Madrid operation was mine , " but in testimony , during the trial , he denied involvement and also challenged the wiretaps . Alleged "  necessary cooperators " Prosecutors argued the attacks could not have occurred without the involvement and active cooperation of the following three defendants . Jose Emilio Suarez Trashorras , Spaniard , age 30 , faces 38,976 years if convicted of mass murder and attempted mass murder , terrorist damage to trains , collaborating with a terrorist group , illicit association , supplying and transporting explosives , falsifying license plates and vehicle theft . Prosecutors say he was the leader of a group of Spaniards who obtained explosives and provided them to the alleged Islamic terrorists . Rafa Zouhier , Moroccan , age 28 , faces 38,968 years if convicted of mass murder and attempted mass murder charges , terrorist damage to trains , collaborating with a terrorist group and supplying explosives . Prosecutors allege he was a key link between the Islamic suspects and the Spaniards who allegedly provided the explosives . Charges sharply increased against him last June ; until then he had faced just 20 years in prison if convicted . Othman El Gnaoui , Moroccan , age 32 , faces 38,972 years if convicted of mass murder and attempted mass murder charges , terrorist damage to trains , membership in a terrorist group , supplying explosives and document forgery . Charges sharply increased against him last June ; until then he had faced just 24 years in prison if convicted . Islamic suspects charged with terrorist group membership Mohamed Larbi Ben Sellam , Moroccan , age 30 , faces 27 years if convicted of belonging to a terrorist group and conspiracy to commit terrorist assassination . Rachid Aglif , Moroccan , age 27 , faces 21 years if convicted of belonging to a terrorist group and supplying explosives . Basel Ghalyoun , Syrian , age 27 , faces 12 years if convicted of belonging to a terrorist group . Charges sharply reduced against him last June . Until then , he faced some 38,000 years if convicted as a suspected bomber , accused of mass murder . But during the trial , prosecutors did not find evidence and reduced the charges . Mouhannah Almallah Dabas , Syrian , age 43 , faces 12 years if convicted of membership in a terrorist group . Mohamed Bouharrat , Moroccan , age 28 , faces 12 years if convicted of belonging to a terrorist group . Abdelilah El Fadual El Akil , Moroccan , age 38 , faces 12 years if convicted of belonging to a terrorist group . Saed El Harrak , Moroccan , age 34 , faces 12 years if convicted of belonging to a terrorist group . Fouad El Morabit El Amgar , Moroccan , age 34 , faces 12 years if convicted of belonging to a terrorist group . Other Islamic suspects charged with collaboration with a terrorist group Hamid Ahmidan , Moroccan , age 29 , faces 23.5 years if convicted of collaborating with a terrorist group and drug trafficking . Mahmoud Slimane Aoun , Lebanese , age 47 , faces 13 years if convicted of collaborating with a terrorist group and document forgery . Nasreddine Bousbaa , Algerian , age 46 , faces 11 years if convicted of collaborating with a terrorist group and document forgery . Mohamed Moussaten , Moroccan , age 23 , faces six years if convicted of collaborating with a terrorist group . Other Spanish suspects in the alleged explosives trafficking ring Raul Gonzalez Pelaez , Spaniard , age 28 , faces eight years if convicted of illicit association and supplying explosives . Antonio Toro Castro , Spaniard , age 30 , faces 23 years if convicted of collaborating with a terrorist group , supplying explosives and illicit association . Sergio Alvarez Sanchez , Spaniard , age 26 , faces four years if convicted of supplying explosives and illicit association . Ivan Granados Pena , Spaniard , age 25 , faces four years if convicted of supplying explosives and illicit association . Javier Gonzalez Diaz , Spaniard , age 55 . State prosecutors last June cleared him of all charges , but he earlier faced eight years if convicted of supplying explosives and illicit association . A private party plaintiff to the case , representing bomb victims , has maintained charges against him , approximately those that the prosecutors earlier had , so he has not yet been fully cleared . Emilio Llano Alvarez , Spaniard , age 46 , faces five years if convicted of supplying explosives . Antonio Ivan Reis Palacio , Spaniard , age 25 , faces four years if convicted of supplying explosives and illicit association . Carmen Toro Castro , Spaniard , age 26 , the only female defendant , faces six years if convicted of supplying explosives and illicit association . Deceased suspects In addition to the 28 defendants , prosecutors say seven prime suspects blew themselves up three weeks after the train bombings in 2004 as police closed in on their hideout in the Madrid suburb of Leganes . One police officer died in the assault . Those seven suspects were Moroccans Jamal Ahmidan , Abdennabi Kounjaa , Mohamed Oulad Akcha and his brother , Rachid Oulad Akcha , and Rifaat Anouar Asrih ; Tunisian Serhane Ben Abdelmajid Fakhet and Algerian Allekema Lamari , prosecutors said . E-mail to a friend	Verdicts , sentencing in Madrid train bomb trials to be delivered Wednesday All of the 28 defendants are men except for one Spanish woman Among the 28 are 14 Moroccans , nine Spaniards and two Syrians Charges dropped against one defendant ; seven suspects died in hideout blast
CNN  -- Whenever I visit Washington , I ca n't help but think this is the town that elected a crackhead as its mayor . I know , I know it 's not PC to say , but just because it 's insensitive does n't mean it is n't true . But think about this : There is footage of Marion Barry in a room of crack smoke saying , "  Bitch set me up . " And yet that image , that video did not disqualify him from being seen as a viable political option in the mind of voters . In fact , not only was he re-elected mayor after serving time in a federal prison , today he sits on the City Council , all because he managed to convince enough black people that the video of him with the crack pipe in his mouth was white people 's fault . When analyzing what is wrong with our government , allow me to present this example as Exhibit A. Exhibit B would be Newt Gingrich , who cheated on two wives and is the only speaker of the House to have been disciplined for ethics violations . And yet somehow he is running for president of the United States as a religious conservative and managed to get 8 % of the votes during last week 's straw poll in Florida . Are you freaking kidding me ? The fact that he is even on camera discussing the country 's sense of morality during the GOP debates should be offensive to any thinking person regardless of party affiliation . And yet someone , right now , is thinking about sending his campaign a check . And who can forget Arizona Gov. Jan Brewer , who last year , in trying to push a controversial immigration law , said law enforcement officials found headless bodies in the desert , the work of a Mexican cartel . But she was forced to admit that was n't true , that she had "  misspoke . " What she did n't speak about was her close ties to the private prisons that were set to profit because of the new law . Ties like her campaign manager and her spokesman being former lobbyists for private prison companies . And despite the obvious conflict of interest , she won easily , saying on election Tuesday , "  Tonight , the people have redeemed and renewed America . " Nice work , people . I could go on but I think you see what I 'm getting at : The biggest reason government is broken is because of voters . Let 's face it . A lot of us are just plain stupid . Or at the very least lazy . We want our candidates to use easy-to-digest buzz words such as "  family values " or "  clean energy " so we do n't have to actually invest too much time thinking . We can just slip our brains into auto-pilot and cruise on into November . Do I believe our politicians need to be perfect ? No . But damn , you would think people would draw the line at crack . Or blatant hypocrisy . Or just making stuff up as a candidate goes along . Each time Rep. Michele Bachmann insinuates falsehoods into her arguments , as she did earlier this month on the "  Today Show " by suggesting HPV vaccinations cause mental retardation , I think : A group of people on auto-pilot in Minnesota did this to us . When you know important debates are influenced by people who do n't like being bothered with facts , you question just how many of the country 's problems over the years have been caused by people who should not have been involved in the process in the first place . But they are because of us . So can we genuinely complain about government without accepting a lot of the blame ? I do n't think so . After all , they did n't elect themselves . So if we want government to work , we have to be smarter about our choices . It 's one thing to have a population with a variety of political sensibilities ; it 's another to be a country full of idiots . Too many times we vote and consequently govern like the latter . We have to move away from easy-to-repeat campaign slogans and promises of easy solutions , because we 're a country with more than 300 million people , a complicated racial and religious history and the world 's largest GDP . There are no easy solutions . So if you 're the kind of person who likes to say "  I do n't follow politics , " let me remind you that no one lives in a vacuum and that sentiment epitomizes what is wrong with our government . I do n't blame Sarah Palin for thinking she can still toss her hat in the ring . I blame us voters for creating an environment in which a Palin or a Gingrich or even a reality TV star like Donald Trump can feel as if they can run and even be taken seriously . Last week I was bombarded with e-mails from readers who said Social Security should be protected because they paid into it , but they did n't care about Medicaid or Medicare because the government pays for those . And in 13 months some of these people will be voting for president . You want to know what 's wrong with government ? I just presented you with Exhibit C . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of LZ Granderson .	LZ Granderson : Government is only as good as the people we elect He says voters often seem to have little understanding of the issues He says we also vote for people who have no regard for the facts Granderson : If government is broken , it 's our fault
CNN  -- Chris Martinez , just 20 years old when he was gunned down at a deli Friday in California , dreamed of being a lawyer like his dad . Now his grieving father , Richard Martinez , has emerged as the public face of gun control advocates in the aftermath of the six killings in Isla Vista . Three of the victims were shot , including his only son . The gunman also shot himself , police said . Chris Martinez , a college student , had gone to get a snack at the I.V. Deli Mart when the gunman opened fire . Richard Martinez says his child died because of gutless politicians . "  Where is the leadership ? Where is the friggin ' politicians that will stand up and say , ` We need to do this . We 're gon na do something , ' " he told CNN . "  Those gutless bastards did nothing . And my son died because of it . And it 's outrageous . Absolutely outrageous . " Martinez told CNN that he was furious that lawmakers had done nothing since the Sandy Hook Elementary School killings in Connecticut in December 2012 . His son died , he said , because of that inaction . Their inaction was not just related to gun laws ; it also was in the lack of progress toward solving a mental health crisis , he told CNN . The two issues are interconnected , he said . At the same time he grieves for his son , he feels for the parents of the 20 children and six adults who died at their elementary school . "  Those parents lost little kids . It 's bad enough I lost my 20 year old . I had 20 years with my son , " he screamed through tears . "  That 's all I 'll ever have . Those people lost their little 6 - and 7-year-olds . How do you think they feel ? And who 's talking to them now ? Who 's doing anything for them now ? " Congress 's efforts to enact stricter federal gun laws fizzled in April of last year , when a bill that included stronger federal background checks for gun purchases failed to pass the Senate . We 've been here before : Will California shooting revive gun debate ? ` We need to hold them accountable ' Sen. Richard Blumenthal , a Democratic member of the Judiciary Committee , told CBS that if the Assault Weapons Ban of 2013 had passed , it would have provided more mental health resources in addition to strengthening the background check system . "  I really sincerely hope that this tragedy -- this unimaginable , unspeakable tragedy -- will provide an impetus to bring back measures that would keep guns out of the hands of dangerous people who are severely troubled or deranged , like this young man was , and provide resources . We need mental health resources , " the senator from Connecticut said . Sen. John Thune , a Republican from South Dakota , said legislative debate should center on mental health issues related to violence . "  I think that is something on which there is agreement , " he told CBS . "  And that is where we ought to be focusing our efforts . " Rep. Adam Schiff , a California Democrat , said the Sandy Hook mass killings should have been enough to motivate Congress . "  We are taking steps to deal with the mental health issues , but obviously we 've made very little progress , and it shows in these tragedies , " he said Sunday on CNN 's "  State of the Union with Candy Crowley . " Bob Weiss , whose daughter Veronika was killed outside a sorority house , said he was n't ready to get political about the issue . "  I do know this , the people who write the laws , they work for us ... and we need to hold them accountable , " he told CNN 's Sara Sidner . "  If we 're not holding them accountable , then we 're accountable . " Opinion : I 'm a gun owner and I want gun control "  What about Chris ' right to live ? " On Sunday , Martinez also gave a passionate statement to the media , saying : "  We do n't have to live like this . Too many have died . We should say to ourselves , ` Not . One . More . ' " The Brady Campaign to Prevent Gun Violence issued a statement agreeing with Martinez and blaming the National Rifle Association and other gun rights groups for blocking political progress . Martinez also pointed a finger at the NRA for his son 's death . "  They talk about gun rights . What about Chris ' right to live ? " he said angrily . The NRA has not commented publicly since the killings . The organization also waited several days after the Sandy Hook attack before issuing a statement . "  Out of respect for the families , and as a matter of common decency , we have given time for mourning , prayer and a full investigation of the facts before commenting , " the statement after Sandy Hook said . "  The NRA is prepared to offer meaningful contributions to help make sure this never happens again . " Martinez said he anticipated the NRA would say he 's being overly emotional . "  I think I can be emotional and rational at the same time , " he said . He said he wanted to be an advocate for the victims and to honor his son , who liked sports and competition and was an English major at the University of California at Santa Barbara . "  If there 's all these things in the media about the shooter and nothing about the victims , it sends the wrong message , " he said . "  People need to understand that real people died here . " Roommates , ' a really great kid ' among victims	Father of shooting victim blames inaction in Congress for his son 's death Chris Martinez , a student at UCSB , was out getting a snack when he was killed Congress debated stricter gun laws in 2013 , but the legislation did n't pass in the Senate Father of another victim says people need to hold lawmakers accountable
CNN  -- Almost two years after Air France Flight 447 plunged into the southern Atlantic Ocean killing all 228 people aboard , investigators have released a report on what they believe caused the crash . After an extensive search using miniature submersible vehicles , the aircraft 's cockpit voice recorder and flight data recorder were found on the ocean floor at the beginning of May . After analyzing the data , France 's Bureau of Investigation and Analysis  BEA  released its report Friday saying the flight from Rio de Janeiro to Paris crashed because the aircraft 's speed sensors gave invalid readings . When did Flight 447 go down ? Flight 447 -- which was en route to Paris from Rio de Janeiro -- made its last contact with Brazil 's Atlantic Control Center  ACC  at around 01:33 GMT on June 1 , 2009 , informing the center of the plane 's position as it crossed the Atlantic . Investigators : Jet crash data recovered Soon after , Brazil 's air control contacted Dakar 's control center in North Africa and reported that AF 447 was entering an area on its route known for constant bands of severe turbulence , officials said . There was no further contact with the plane . Why has it taken so long to find the wreckage ? The area where the Airbus A330 went down is in the mid-Atlantic -- two to four days for ships to reach from the nearest ports in Brazil or Senegal in West Africa . The U.S. National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration estimates the ocean depth in the area at 3,000 meters  about 9,840 feet  to 7,500 meters  24,600 feet  . Brazilian officials have said the sea depth in the area is around 2,000 to 3,000 meters  6,562 to 9,842 feet  . The latest search covered a 46-mile  75-kilometer  radius around the last known position of Flight 447 , investigators said . According to the BEA the underwater terrain in this area is rough with underwater mountains and valleys . "  It is a mountain range as big as the Alps , " David Learmount of Flight International told CNN before the release of Friday 's report . "  There was always the possibility that the wreckage from the aircraft disappeared down a crevasse . This is not a flat-bottom environment like the North Sea is . " "  Therefore it is an unprecedented search in terms of depth and sub-sea terrain . " What would happen to wreckage at these depths ? Up until recently , the memory module of the aircraft 's data recorder -- a vital device for crash investigators which records any instructions sent to the aircraft 's electronic systems -- had been missing . As a result , some experts feared it would not work even if recovered . "  Pressure and corrosion have likely damaged the wreckage , especially as it has been down there for so long , " said Learmount . "  Flight recorders are not designed to withstand pressures of the depths that this aircraft actually went to . " But he warned that flight recorders recovered from other crash sites have not worked when they should have , with the reverse also true . Do we know why Flight 447 crashed ? The BEA report findings say the airplane climbed to 38,000 ft when "  the stall warning was triggered and the airplane stalled . " It then descended , crashing into the Atlantic . The descent lasted 3 minutes and 30 seconds and the engines remained operational , said the report . Studies of the debris and bodies that were found soon after the crash led the BEA to conclude the plane hit the water belly first , essentially intact . Oxygen masks were not deployed , indicating that the cabin did not depressurize , the BEA said in a 2009 report . Tests have already brought into question the performance of pitot tubes , which measure the pressure exerted on the plane as it flies through the air , and are part of a system used to determine air speed . Before it crashed , Flight 447 sent out 24 automated error messages that suggested the plane may have been flying too fast or too slow through the thunderstorms , officials have said . The European Aviation Safety Agency issued a directive in late August requiring airlines to replace pitot tubes manufactured by Thales Avionics on Airbus A330s and A340s . It said airlines should replace them with other Thales tubes and those manufactured by Goodrich . The lack of speed , wind or direction information also prevented the Autopilot system from functioning , said air accident investigator Alain Bouillard said at the time of the crash . "  This tells us that the plane has to be , in this case , directed by the pilot , " he said . What about the weather ? Flight 447 was passing through an area prone to volatile and dangerous weather known as the Inter-tropical Convergence Zone  ITCZ  , when it went down . The ITCZ is a belt of low pressure that wraps around the planet . Clouds and storms form along it because it is literally where the winds of the world 's hemispheres meet . Here , air and water temperatures are typically in the mid-80s . The warm , moist air is heated further by the blazing tropical sun . Steamy air , coming off the ocean , rises until it hits cooler , drier air aloft , forming clouds and thunderstorms . These gigantic storms contain volatile updrafts and downdrafts that can move at speeds of 100 mph . The height of these storms also can tower to more than 10 miles in the air . Even if you stacked two dozen of the world 's tallest skyscrapers on top of each other , they still would n't reach the tops of the biggest thunderstorms of the ITCZ . However Learmount pointed out that hundreds of airliners pass through the ITCZ every day without incident . "  There was another Air France flight 30 minutes behind Flight 447 that night and it encountered no problems , " he said . Any other theories ? According to Learmount , many aviation experts have yet to rule out the human factor . "  The crash happened at around 2 am on a dark night when the error messages suddenly appeared and the autopilot tripped out . " He said the crew , possibly at their deepest circadian low at this point , suddenly have this problem and they "  fixate " on it . "  This is a syndrome , " he said . "  There have been lots of accidents where pilots have fixated on correcting a relatively minor problem and lose sight of the macro problem . Now we do n't know that , but we do know the aircraft acted as if it was not being controlled purposefully . "  Whether it was out of control -- and I doubt this -- it was not being controlled . Imagine it is 2 am and two sleepy pilots encounter a problem . They do n't have much to do so they decide to troubleshoot this problem . They fixate on it and forget the autopilot has tripped . "  The airplane meanwhile goes into a lazy spiral descent -- the pilots do n't notice as it is all very gentle . And when they look up they do n't believe what their instruments tell them and they get disorientated and ca n't recover . " He highlighted a similar case in 2004 when pilot disorientation and loss of control caused a Flash Airlines Boeing 737-300 to crash in the Red Sea shortly after take off from the Egyptian resort of Sharm el Sheikh . Though Egyptian authorities disputed the claim , aviation safety officials in France and the U.S. cited "  spatial disorientation " as the likely cause based on evidence available , according to the U.S. National Transportation Safety Board  NTSB  .	Air France Flight 447 plunged into southern Atlantic Ocean killing all 228 people in 2009 Investigators have released a report on what they believe caused the crash Tests on instruments measuring air speed and pressure seen as one factor Expert : Search for wreck "  unprecedented in terms of depth and sub-sea terrain "
If a teen carrying nothing but a comb can do it , who else could breach airport security and hop aboard the bottom of a plane ? That 's the question many are asking after a 15-year-old boy sneaked into the wheel well of a Boeing 767 and flew from San Jose , California , to Maui , Hawaii . The city of San Jose , which owns and operates Mineta San Jose International Airport , is not planning to pursue criminal charges against the teen , said Rosemary Barnes , a city public information manager . Immediately after the incident became known , many pointed the finger at the Transportation Security Administration . While the TSA does play a part in an airport 's overall security , its role is largely limited to inside the airport building -- the checkpoint security . Local and airport police handle the outside -- the perimeter security . "  Perimeter security is a shared security , " John Sammon , a top TSA administrator , said at a congressional subcommittee hearing in 2011 . The TSA depends on local police and airport personnel to play the lead role , he said . Against this backdrop , Sunday 's incident has one California state lawmaker calling for better safety . "  I have long been concerned about security at our airport perimeters , " state Rep. Eric Swalwell tweeted . " #Stowaway teen demonstrates vulnerabilities that need to be addressed . " ` No system is 100 % ' In the case of San Jose International Airport , security responsibilities lie not just with the TSA , but also with airport and city police . Six miles of chain link fence enclose the airport . Much of it , according to CNN affiliate KGO-TV , is only 6 feet high , topped with barbed wire . Security cameras offer added surveillance , and "  many eyes and ears " monitor the grounds , Barnes said . The airport has surveillance video showing an unidentified person walking on the airport ramp in the dark and approaching a Hawaiian Airlines Boeing 767 . But "  we do not know at this time if this is the teenage stowaway , " Barnes said . Federal investigators who interviewed the teen in Maui said he scaled the airport fence in San Jose , Barnes said . "  No system is 100 % , " Barnes said . "  And it appears that this teenager scaled a section of our perimeter and was able to proceed onto our ramp under cover of darkness and into the wheel well of an aircraft . " Hawaiian Airlines defended its inspection process . "  Before an aircraft is put into service , safety and security inspections are conducted by Hawaiian Airlines vendor maintenance personnel to visually review any compartment accessible from the ground , including the wheel well . This is standard operating procedure . "  Cockpit crews also conduct exterior walk-arounds at the gate to perform system checks prior to departure . The wheel well is not included as part of this checklist . At this time , the wheel well doors are closed and the area is not visible . "  Our process meets or exceeds TSA requirements and industry standards , " the airline said . CNN aviation expert Michael Kay said it was a "  physical feat " that the boy got past all sorts of people , apparently unnoticed . "  Clearly there 's a big security breach here , which in the post-9 / 11 world order is a concern . " Reevaluating protocols The boy landed in Maui on Sunday and told authorities he ran away from home in Santa Clara , California . He did n't have any ID ; all he had was a comb . He told investigators he crawled into the wheel well and lost consciousness when the plane took off . An hour after the plane landed at Kahului Airport , the boy regained consciousness and was captured on security footage crawling out of the left main gear area of the plane . Officials at Kahului said they were re-examining their safety protocols to avoid a repeat . Maui airport district manager Marvin Moniz told CNN affiliate KHON that people have scaled the barbed wire fence and gotten onto the tarmac before , but none of them ever got onto a plane . "  We went out , we did our rounds , did our checks , and it did not appear at any one point that there was entrance onto the airfield , " he said . The airport has multiple levels of security , he said : more than 200 cameras , a private security firm , airport police and the TSA . "  What we ca n't catch with cameras , we do vehicle patrol . We do foot patrols , " he told reporters . Not the first time Plenty of people have hitched a ride on a plane by holing up in a wheel well . Most do n't survive . In February , crews at Dulles International Airport in suburban Washington found the body of a man inside the wheel well of an Airbus A340 operated by South African Airways . In 2010 , a 16-year-old boy died after he fell out of the wheel well of a US Airways flight bound for Boston from Charlotte , North Carolina . A report detailing his death found there were not enough security officers at the Charlotte Douglas International Airport , one of the fastest-growing airports in the country . The most recent known case of someone surviving was on a short domestic flight in Nigeria . A 15-year-old boy sneaked into the wheel well of a flight from Benin City to Lagos , thinking it was a flight to the United States , according to an FAA report . The ride lasted only 35 minutes . Stowaway risk Apparently , some airports have a greater risk of stowaways than others . Many incidents involve people desperately trying to escape their countries . After speaking with some Boeing 767 captains , Kay said , "  There are designated airfields around the world that various airlines have put a designation of stowaway risk . " "  What that means is that when the aircraft lands -- Accra in Ghana , for example , in West Africa ... what the engineers will do is they will drop those doors , " Kay said . "  So when the pilot or the first officer does their walk-around , they can actually look up and see the enormity of the undercarriage bay . " But those checks are n't mandated worldwide . Physical feats It 's not difficult to climb inside a wheel well , said Jose Wolfman Guillen , a ground operations coordinator at Chicago 's O'Hare International Airport . "  You can grab onto the struts and landing gear assembly kind of like a ladder , and you just jump on the tire and climb into the wheel well . " But after takeoff , many scenarios could kill a stowaway hiding in the landing gear wheel well . Inside , there 's not much room -- even less than in the trunk of a car , Guillen said . A stowaway would need to guess "  where the tire is going to fold in when it closes after takeoff . There 's a high risk of getting crushed once the gear starts going in . " The boy 's survival is "  dumb luck , mostly , " said Dr. Kenneth Stahl , a trauma surgeon at Miami 's Jackson Memorial Hospital . The temperature outside the airplane could have been as low as 75 or 80 degrees below zero , said Stahl , who is also a pilot . "  Those are astronomically low temperatures to survive . " The boy was probably so cold that "  he was essentially in a state of suspended animation , " he said . Being young probably worked in his favor , too . "  No adult would have survived that , " Stahl added . The boy could face permanent brain damage from the experience -- in fact , it 's "  more likely than not , " he said . He could face neurological issues , memory problems or a lower IQ . The teen also could have frostbite or a kidney injury because when the body freezes , particles of muscle enter the bloodstream and damage the kidneys , Stahl said . Concerns about safety The FBI dropped out of the investigation once it was confident the teen did n't pose a threat . But the boy was n't the only lucky one on this journey ; so were the passengers and officials . "  If someone can climb inside here , then someone can put something a little more sinister in there , " Kay said . "  And that 's the connection that security officials need to make . " 5 stowaway attempts that did n't end tragically	"  Our process meets or exceeds TSA requirements , " Hawaiian Airlines says A 15-year-old boy survives a five-hour flight hiding in a plane 's wheel well The feat raises concerns about what else could slip through an airport 's perimeter A San Jose airport spokeswoman says the airport is investigating
CNN  -- After an apparent attempted military coup on Saturday , the people of the African nation of Lesotho are doing their best to return to every day life . According to the South African Department of International Relations , Prime Minister Thomas Thabane has been forced into hiding because of the unfolding security situation and out of fear for his life . Thabane became Prime Minister in 2012 and the next elections are due in 2017 . During an interview that aired Saturday with South African broadcaster eNCA , he told the broadcaster he would not resign his position . Lesotho has been praised for its coalition government and a peaceful handover of power in 2012 . But over the past few months , its growing instability had been a cause for alarm in the international community . The whereabouts of the deputy prime minister , Mothetjoa Metsing , are also unknown . He has not officially taken power -- although it would be constitutional for him to do so , since the Prime Minister is not fulfilling his duties . Sometimes referred to as the "  Kingdom of the Sky , " Lesotho is completely landlocked by South Africa and is the only country in the world where all of the land lies above 1,000 meters  3,280 feet  in elevation . It has a predominantly Christian population of nearly 2 million people and covers an area slightly smaller than the U.S. state of Maryland , according to the World Factbook . It has been independent from the United Kingdom since 1966 but continues on as a member of the 53-nation Commonwealth . Residents return to normal After Saturday 's unrest , Maseru , the nation 's capital , was calm . Despite the early-morning chaos and confusion , as all radio stations were temporarily muzzled , by afternoon most residents had returned to their normal Saturday activities . Since Friday was payday , many people withdrew cash from the ATMs , paid utility bills and shopped for groceries . At one main supermarket , one woman wondered aloud , "  Who knows what may happen tomorrow or Monday ? " On the streets , thousands milled about . Cows grazed by the side of the road . A trio of buddies lounged in wheelbarrows , soaking in the winter sun . Older women shuffled along the sidewalk , bundled in blankets . And amid the traffic , a wedding caravan honked , as the bride stuck her head out the window , ululating . No signs of the military were anywhere to be seen . Nereah Lebona owns a small beauty salon . She says she heard shooting around 4 in the morning , as she lives near police headquarters , where the main standoff occurred . But that did n't keep her from beautifying clients hours later . "  I was worried , until the radio came back on and told us what had happened , " said Lebona , 36 , smiling . "  But how else do I earn money if I do n't go to work ? " A stone 's throw away was more evidence that locals were carrying on as if nothing had happened and life had already returned to normal : a Lesotho Premier League soccer match . One of the teams was that of the Lesotho military . Among the hundreds of spectators , one man named Thabo giddily noted , "  The same soldiers who were shooting this morning are now playing football ! " This tiny mountain kingdom has been faced with many tall challenges . Lesotho has the world 's second-highest rate of HIV infection -- 23 % -- and a 40 % malnutrition rate for children younger than 5 . The country is also known for its "  herd boys , " children as young as 5 who tend flocks of cattle in remote locations and often miss out on education . Britain 's Prince Harry established a charity , Sentebale , to help the country meet educational challenges . But residents in Maseru are prepared for more uncertainty -- some fearing that an opposition demonstration planned for Monday could turn violent . Officials urge peace Thabane told eNCA the Lesotho government is seeking the assistance of the South African government and other neighboring states . Clayson Monyela , a spokesman from the Department of International Relations of South Africa , said the government has no immediate plans to send troops into Lesotho , but the South African government is closely monitoring the situation and will continue to consult with Southern African Development Community countries and the African Union Commission . "  We ca n't have coups d'etat in 2014 . If there are political problems people must sit  down  and talk , " said Monyela . Monyela added that the Lesotho military 's actions "  bear the hallmarks of a coup d'etat . " Kamalesh Sharma , secretary-general of the Commonwealth of Nations , condemned the reported coup attempt and urged the military in Lesotho to respect civilian authority , constitutional order and the rule of law . In a written statement , Sharma called for respect and urged all parties to "  refrain from violence and work together towards a peaceful and lasting resolution . " "  There is zero tolerance in the Commonwealth of any unconstitutional overthrow of an elected government , " the statement read . "  Democracy and the rule of law are central tenets of our association ... and any action to subvert constitutional civilian rule is unacceptable . " Dr. Nkosazana Dlamini Zuma , chairwoman of the African Union Commission , echoed this sentiment in a written statement , saying that the AU "  will not tolerate any seizure of power by illegal means " and giving "  full support " to the SADC in addressing the challenges facing Lesotho . Jen Psaki , a spokeswoman for the U.S. State Department , said the United States "  is deeply concerned by clashes between security forces today in Lesotho . " Psaki called upon all parties to "  remain committed to a peaceful political dialogue and to follow democratic processes " in order to resolve the conflict . CNN 's Nana Karikari-apau , Joshua Berlinger and Kay Guerrero reported from Atlanta . Michael J. Jordan reported from Lesotho .	NEW : Lesotho PM is in hiding out of fear for his life , according to a South African official Prime Minister Thomas Thabane says an attempted coup has taken place Lesotho is a mountainous nation of 2 million people landlocked by South Africa
CNN  -- Newly uncovered documents from a confidante of Hillary Clinton are making headlines about the former first lady . But they also reveal new details about legacy moments in her husband 's presidency that were frustrating and distracting to the White House . It seemed as if Bill Clinton had too many choices in his first chance to name a Supreme Court justice and not enough for his second . The deliberations went down to the wire , and when Stephen Breyer 's name came up each time , he was not the person the President , in his heart , preferred . "  At this point BC -LSB- Clinton -RSB- also said he did not want to name Breyer , " wrote Diane Blair in May 1994 just two days before he was ultimately selected . "  Did n't want to give a big deal to Massachusetts . " That 's where Breyer , then 55 , was serving . Apparently naming someone from that reliably liberal state would not pay political dividends . Blair was a close family friend who took copious notes of conversations she had with both Clintons throughout most of their White House years that ended in 2001 . Notes from that conversation with Clinton are part of papers Blair , then a University of Arkansas professor , left the school after her death in 2000 . CNN has uncovered one inside look at how Breyer was ultimately chosen , and it mirrors the tricky , often delicate game of politics nearly every White House must navigate . Blair 's three-page memo affirms much of what a variety of sources have told CNN about the Breyer selection process . But she adds a fresh layer of detail on the last-minute maneuvering to get Clinton to decide . Back to '93 It all began a year earlier soon after Clinton took office in 1993 . Justice Byron White was retiring and the President had his first chance to create a legacy with a high-profile pick . Sources said Clinton had lots of ideas of who should sit on the high court -- too many , in the eyes of many White House staffers . Names included New York Gov. Mario Cuomo , Senate Majority Leader George Mitchell , and Education Secretary Richard Riley . All turned him down . Interior Secretary Bruce Babbitt 's name was quietly leaked , but Senate Republicans made clear he would face a rocky confirmation . In her words : Hillary Clinton then and now Clinton even briefly considered naming his wife to the court -- which he labeled an intriguing , "  sexy " idea -- but was quickly talked out of it , according to former top White House aide George Stephanopoulos , in his memoir . "  We do n't need another gang-that-couldn ` t-shoot-straight story , " reluctantly concluded the president , according to Stephanopoulos . More traditional choices were then considered -- federal appeals court judges . Among them was Breyer , then chief judge on the Boston-based First Circuit . He was asked to come to the White House and interview personally with Clinton . But there was one problem . He had days earlier suffered a serious accident on his bicycle , and sources said he left his hospital bed to come to Washington . The interview "  went badly , " Jeffrey Toobin , CNN 's Senior Legal Analyst , wrote in "  The Nine , " his book on the Court . "  Normally a friendly , almost garrulous man , Breyer was short of breath and still in pain , " wrote Toobin . "  Afterwards , Clinton told his staff Breyer seemed ` heartless ' . ... I do n't see enough humanity . I want a judge with soul . " Still , government sources say Breyer was on the verge of being selected until he tapped Ruth Bader Ginsburg . She served on the D.C. Circuit Court of Appeals , where her colleagues at one time included Antonin Scalia and Clarence Thomas . Both would precede her on the high court . Despite her clear liberal record on the bench , the nominee was well received and received near unanimous Senate approval . It also helped boost the morale of a White House struggling in its first year from a series of political setbacks . Clinton knew he had a winner in the second woman to sit on the high court , introducing her by saying she had a "  big heart . " Friend 's papers giver insight into rise of the Clintons The 1994 pick Fast forward one year . Justice Harry Blackmun announced his retirement April 6 , presenting another chance for Clinton to burnish his legacy . The five-week selection process was again unwieldy , as the Blair memo shows . Her notes from that May 11 conversation with Clinton show it was ostensibly about the "  Supreme Court appointment , " but other topics kept cropping up . Clinton was worried about the midterm congressional elections , even his own political future  "  BC not sure he can get reelected "  . Yet , it was clear Clinton was torn between his personal and political sides -- focusing on one man -- Judge Richard Arnold , a fellow Arkansan on the 8th Circuit Court of Appeals . The two were not close but Arnold had a national reputation , with some later calling him one the greatest judges never to have sat on the Supreme Court . But there were three problems , among them his divorce years earlier . Blair 's memo notes county divorce records point to some "  messy allegations " that might complicate Arnold 's chances . "  This thing is so sick , according the BC -LSB- Clinton -RSB- , in a way he wants to stand up to it , but -LSB- the issue -RSB- will come out and will be part of the pattern of sleaze , " she writes . There were also concerns of perceived nepotism , which fellow Arkansan Blair tried to downplay to the president . "  BC is furious about what has been done to Ark. , how they 've taken all the joy and happiness out of BC 's victory , turned the state into the killing field -- this would restore their pride and happiness , " she paraphrases him saying . But the biggest lingering concern was Arnold 's health . He had been diagnosed years previously with low-grade Hodgkin 's lymphoma , and the cancer had produced tumors , spreading through his body . Although Arnold was able to function "  more or less normally , " wrote Toobin , a doctor told Clinton on May 13 that there was no way he could say "  that Arnold 's disease ` would not interfere ' with his duties as a Supreme Court justice . " Hillary 's big concern Blair 's memo says this was "  HRC -LSB- Hillary Clinton 's -RSB- greatest concern , makes it seem he 's -LSB- Clinton -RSB- is not taking this , his greatest legacy , seriously , if -LSB- he puts in -RSB- someone who may die in 5 years of less time . " Arnold stayed active on the bench until his 2004 death . But Arnold , in Blair 's mind , was clearly the best choice and she strongly urged Clinton to "  go ahead and appoint RA , because that 's what he really wanted to do . " The President was not even remotely close to a decision , and he urged Blair to speak with his wife after their conversation . The first lady was "  wild " about the issue of Arnold 's health . Blair paraphrases her close friend saying , "  BC would n't even think about naming someone from Neb. or Iowa if they had possible cancer threat -- so why do it just because he knows the guy , " writes Blair . "  If HRC carried the day , and sounds as if she is , it will be Babbitt . She 's not wild about him . Wishes there were a 3rd choice . But there is n't . Which in itself is very , very sad and strange , " according to Blair 's notes . After hearing Arnold 's medical prognosis from the doctor , Clinton later that day made up his mind . It was Breyer . The final decision was sudden , and Clinton wanted it public immediately , before his pick could get down to Washington . So Breyer was n't even present when the announcement was made . He was easily confirmed . The whole selection process lacked the excitement and momentum of the one a year earlier but both of Clinton 's high court choices have turned out to be great successes . Ginsburg and Breyer have carved a consistent left-leaning record , and are well-liked and respected by their colleagues . CNN 's Robert Yoon and Dan Merica contributed to this report	Notes taken by Clinton confidante reveal new details about Stephen Breyer 's selection to bench Deliberations went down to the wire each time and Breyer was n't the one Clinton really wanted When he was selected , Clinton wanted it announced quickly ; Breyer was n't even present
CNN  -- The U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development distributed $ 400 million in emergency aid Friday to eight states that experienced the biggest natural disasters in 2011 . New York received $ 93,213,963 for flooding from Hurricane Irene that pummeled the East Coast last August and for damages from Tropical Storm Lee in Schoharie , Tioga , Broome , Greene , and Orange counties . In particular , Orange County will receive $ 11,422,029 and Union Township $ 10,137,818 to support recovery efforts . North Dakota was awarded $ 79,358,648 to recover from severe flooding . Most of the money will go to Minot , which was hit the hardest by the flooding . Alabama was given $ 55,566,078 for losses from last year 's severe storms , tornadoes , straight-line winds and flooding in Tuscaloosa , Marion , Jefferson and DeKalb counties and in Birmingham . Missouri received $ 53,985,768 for recovery from last spring 's tornado , severe storms and flooding in Jasper County and in Joplin . Pennsylvania was awarded $ 49,297,140 for damage from Hurricane Irene and Tropical Storm Lee in Bradford , Dauphin , Columbia , Wyoming and Luzerne counties . Texas was given $ 31,319,686 for a series of wildfires from late summer through autumn in Bastrop County . Vermont secured $ 21,660,211 for the destruction caused by Tropical Storm Irene in Washington and Windsor counties . New Jersey garnered $ 15,598,506 to help Passaic County recover from the damage of Hurricane Irene . Each state will spend the funds for housing , business and infrastructure repairs , federal authorities said . CNN 's Michael Martinez contributed to this story .	The funds are based on 2011 's biggest natural disasters Several states receive funds to recover from Hurricane Irene Alabama and Missouri receive aid for tornadoes Texas is awarded cash relief for wildfire damage
CNN  -- Casey Anthony responded sarcastically when her mother brought up media accounts then circulating about the possibility that 2-year-old Caylee Anthony had drowned in the family pool , according to a recording of a jailhouse conversation shown to jurors on Friday . "  Surprise , surprise , " Anthony said of the rumor , which is now the primary defense theory in her capital murder trial in Orlando , Florida . In recordings of visits played Friday for the jury , Anthony frequently accused the media of failing to accurately report on the case . Prosecutors say Anthony used chloroform on her daughter and then put duct tape on her nose and mouth to suffocate her . The Orlando woman 's attorneys say Caylee drowned in the family pool on June 16 , 2008 . They say Anthony and her father panicked and covered up the death . George Anthony denied the claim during his testimony last week . The videotaped exchange , during which Anthony became agitated with her parents as they pressed her for details of Caylee 's whereabouts , was one in a series shown to jurors the past two days . "  We need to have something to go on , " Cindy Anthony pleaded during the visit . "  Mom , I 'm sorry . I do n't have anything , " Casey Anthony angrily replied . ` I 've been here a month . Do you understand how I feel ? " In the videos shown to jurors on Friday , Anthony repeatedly expresses frustration at being jailed and her inability to offer additional help in the search for her daughter . "  I 'm not in control over any of this 'cause I do n't know what 's going on , " she said in one exchange . "  My entire life has been taken from me . You do n't understand . I do n't have any answers because I do n't know what 's going on . I ca n't even say anything to you guys . I want Caylee and that 's not even getting put on the air , which it should be . " Then Cindy Anthony asks her daughter if searchers should be looking for anything in Lake County , Florida . That prompts Casey Anthony to threaten to hang up the phone . "  This is the first time I 've truly been angry the entire time , " she said . "  I 'm frustrated beyond belief . " She also complains about her isolation . "  You guys still have each other to lean on , " Anthony told her parents . "  I do n't have anybody . " In another video that opened the day 's evidence , Anthony praised her parents and said she just wanted to be home with them and her daughter . "  I know we 're going to see Caylee . I know she 's coming home . I can feel it , " Anthony said during the tearful visit recorded in 2008 . Caylee was reported missing on July 15 , a month after she was last seen by her family . Her skeletal remains were found in December of 2008 not far from the Anthony home . Anthony , 25 , is charged with seven counts in Caylee 's death , including first-degree murder , aggravated child abuse and misleading police . If convicted , she could face the death penalty . She has pleaded not guilty and denied harming her daughter or having anything to do with the little girl 's disappearance . In testimony offered Friday , an Orange County sheriff 's detective and a missing persons investigator spoke about collecting evidence from the Anthony home and an impound lot where Anthony 's Pontiac Sunfire had been towed , and two crime scene investigators discussed mostly technical aspects of collecting evidence . But crime scene investigator Gerardo Bloise also said that when he opened the car 's door to begin documenting the evidence contained inside , "  I immediately smelled the odor of decomposition . " Anthony 's father , mother and brother , as well as a tow-yard manager previously testified smelling that type of odor coming from the car . Bloise later said the odor was , in his opinion , likely the smell of human decomposition , though during questioning from the defense he admitted it could also have been caused by an animal . According to evidence in the case , Anthony once claimed the car had part of an animal lodged in the undercarriage . Bloise said he found no animal carcasses on the underside of the car . "  I know that smell from a decomposed body because that smell is unique . Once you smell it , you will never forget , " Bloise said . He also testified he found a human hair in the trunk . Authorities have previously disclosed that a hair sample collected from the trunk showed evidence of decomposition . On Thursday , jurors watched recordings of jailhouse visits during which Anthony gave visitors information about the nanny she claimed kidnapped the girl . "  If you can speak to the media directly , my concern for me is Caylee , " a tearful Anthony tells her brother , Lee Anthony , on July 25 , 2008 , from an Orange County jail . They also heard a recording of a police interview in which she admitted misleading investigators while still maintaining her daughter had been kidnapped . In the interview , investigators pleaded with Anthony to tell the truth about what happened to Caylee . "  None of us are sitting here believing what you 're saying because everything that 's coming out of your mouth is a lie , " Detective Yuri Melich told Anthony during the interview . Another investigator accused her of not telling the truth . "  If the main thing you want to do is find your daughter , and you do n't think lying to us is going to help find her , why would you do that ? " investigator Sgt. John Allen asked on the tape . "  Because I 'm scared and I -- I know I 'm running out of options , " Anthony said . "  It 's been a month . ... I 'm scared of not seeing my daughter ever again . " Prosecutors allege Anthony was not looking for her daughter during the month she was missing . Instead , she was staying with her boyfriend , spending time in Orlando with numerous friends , attending parties , going shopping and hitting nightclubs , including participating in a "  hot body " contest , according to evidence in the case . Her former boyfriend , friends and acquaintances have all testified that she did not mention her daughter being missing during that time and that they noticed nothing different about her demeanor . Anthony 's defense team explains her behavior in the weeks following Caylee 's death by saying she had been sexually abused by her father and had taught to conceal her pain . George Anthony has denied abusing his daughter . Watch Nancy Grace Monday through Sunday starting at 8 p.m. ET on HLN . For the latest from Nancy Grace click here .	NEW : An investigator testifies an odor coming from the car was likely from human remains The defense argues the odor could have been caused by an animal In one recording , Casey Anthony responds sarcastically to a rumor her daughter drowned That is her defense team 's explanation for how 2-year-old Caylee died in 2008
CNN  -- Admit it . Just once in your life you 'd like to feel like the hero in a chick flick , with all the schmaltzy romance , the elaborate plots , the happy endings . Even if it 's just for the amount of time it takes to say those big four words : Will . You . Marry . Me . You want it to be in someplace exotic : in a romantic setting , away from family and friends , on a vacation never to forget . Prince William certainly wanted it that way . He trekked around Kenya carrying Princess Diana 's ring in his backpack until he found just the right place to propose to Kate Middleton . In a remote log cabin with no electricity that was accessible only by air or -- bizarrely -- horseback , Wills got down on one knee and asked Kate to be the future queen of England . It was the ultimate destination proposal , and it shows William knew exactly what was expected of a 21st-century proposal . The proposal trip : cashing in on the trend If there was n't already a growing trend for guys to pop the question on vacation , then this single event made it one . It was one royal move that men everywhere could confidently copy  if not in Kenya , exactly  . When Phil Govey asked Rachel Amamoo to marry him in front of the Trevi Fountain in Rome , Rachel says time stopped , just like in the movies . "  It was kind of like we were in a little bubble , because there were lots of people around , but it was like it was just us two , " she says . "  It was so romantic . " David Mendelsohn got it equally right when he proposed to his girlfriend , Isika , in Lake Como , Italy . "  Everything fell into place like it was prewritten , " says David . He proposed beneath a 200-year-old oak tree made famous by the James Bond film "  Casino Royale . " Isika said yes , and , she added , "  By the way , I 'm pregnant . " Destination proposals are now de rigeur in the story of a couple 's romance , according to Jonathan Krywicki , whose Melbourne , Australia-based company Pitch & Woo helps guys create unforgettable proposals for their girlfriends . Krywicki says one in three of his clients plan to propose while away from home , often while abroad . A consumer survey by American Express found a similar result , with 30 % of consumers citing a weekend trip or vacation as the best time to pop the question . "  It 's a really popular thing to propose while you 're away from home because it 's all about creating that fairytale fantasy , " says Krywicki . "  There 's something about being in an unknown area that adds to the allure of the moment . " The right way to ask The proposal does n't have to be overly complicated , as long as the setting is right . Just ask Naomi Tarszisz , whose husband proposed to her in Central Park . They were visiting friends in New York at the time and Phil Rushton was carrying a diamond in his pocket . Walking around the city on an overcast April day , Rushton decided all his ideas -- the top of the Empire State Building had been at the head of the list -- were lame , so he guided Naomi to a green patch of lawn in Central Park . They sat down for a chat and the sun suddenly appeared . When Naomi stood to leave , Rushton got on one knee and said , "  Naomi , will you do something for me ? Will you make me the happiest man in the world ; will you marry me ? " Being asked was nice , says Naomi . Being on holiday in the couple 's favorite city was great , but being able to look directly into her future husband 's eyes made it perfect . "  He got up on one knee , " says Naomi , who is a foot shorter than Rushton . "  I appreciate the down-on-one-knee gesture , but it 's also just the easiest way to look into my eyes . "  I had n't imagined a proposal , but if I did it probably would have been on an escalator or something . " Knowing your partner -- and her expectations about the proposal -- are the key to proposal success , says Krywicki . In his booklet , "  The Seven Biggest Mistakes Men Make When Proposing , " Krywicki says the first mistake is timing . Is she ready ? Is your relationship ready ? The second is expectation . "  You really need to know what her expectations are , " Krywicki says . "  Most women , not all of them , but most women have this fantasy of how this special day will take place . "  Now , if you 've got a partner that 's innately private and you go and do a public proposal and she feels pressured to say yes because everybody 's looking at her -- that 's not a good thing . " The wrong kind of obligation If only Kirsten Thomas 's ex-fiance had been operating with such expert advice . He proposed while the couple was on holiday in South Africa , only to break it off 10 days later . When she asked why he 'd proposed in the first place , he told her he 'd felt pressured to carry it out while they were on vacation . Which begs the question : Is planning a "  destination proposal " all becoming a bit of an industry , something so expected that it 's no longer a surprise , even a bit clichÃ © ? Rachel and Phil 's romance had all the hallmarks of a fairy tale . They met in New York while Phil was on a secondment from his London law firm and began dating casually . Then , one day when they were running a half-marathon together , Phil suffered an aneurism and was rushed to the hospital in a coma . Rachel kept vigil at his bedside and when he woke , they fell in love over a tray of bad hospital food . Rachel eventually moved to London to be with Phil and expected a proposal would follow . "  I was kind of expecting a destination proposal for a long time , " says Rachel . "  Every trip we went on -- Paris , New York , Corsica , Sicily -- I was always like , ` Oh , this is romantic ' waiting for the proposal that did n't come . " Then they took a trip to Rome and it happened . While the moment was romantic -- let 's not forget the bubble she found herself in -- the story they tell these days is more about how that bubble was burst by a street vendor trying to sell them a rose . "  That really brought us back into the commercial aspect of hanging out around the Trevi Fountain in Rome , " says Rachel . Perhaps Katherine Burgdorf got the balance right when she proposed on a park bench during a coffee break from work . The big surprise here is not that she was a woman proposing to her boyfriend , but that it was a warm , sunny day in London . "  It was a beautiful day , so we went and had a coffee at our favorite coffee stand , " says Katherine . "  We sat on a park bench under a beautiful apple tree . "  I think I was overwhelmed by the weather and I thought , ` Oh my God , I 'm going to ask ! ' "  I totally surprised myself . I had the shakes afterward . And he was like , ` Yes ! Yes , yes , yes , yes , yes . " ' Did you get engaged while on vacation ? Wish you had ? Share your story in the comments section below .	The site of the proposal is a big part of the story of the modern couple 's romance Australia-based Pitch & Woo helps guys create unforgettable proposals for their girlfriends Proposing while away from home is "  about creating a fairytale fantasy , " says expert Italy is a popular country in which to pop the question
CNN  -- News that government agencies have been collecting phone data , and apparently tapping into popular Web services , has sparked a predictable amount of anger and apologists , political charges and counter-claims . But the Web being the Web , it 's also gotten its share of snark . There 's fairly delicious irony to people taking to the Internet to joke about the government monitoring the Internet . So as not to be alarmist , we do n't have any reports of tweet-related drone strikes as of this report . Sure , there was plenty of outrage about the alleged snooping by the National Security Agency . But there was so much chuckling mixed into reaction on Twitter that the joke hashtag #NSACalledToTellMe became a trending topic . Here 's a look at some of our favorite funny tweets on this as of Friday morning . Let us know about others you 've seen in the comments . If you ca n't see the Storify below , click here . .	People take to the Web to , yes , mock government monitoring the Web NSA snooping prompts Twitter hashtag #NSACalledToTellMe
Indonesia has long fought a losing battle against commuters who stubbornly ride on train roofs to beat the rush hour . But railway officials say they have found the perfect deterrent , concrete balls , suspended on chains from a steel frame , just 25 cm or 10 inches , above any passing train . Dubbed "  Goal Balls " , they are about 10 cm or 4 inches in diameter and are painted silver . Twenty four , a dozen on each side , are suspended from a frame that looks like a soccer goal . The first one was installed early this week , a few hundred yards from a train station , just outside Jakarta . Anyone riding on the roof will find it hard to dodge the balls . Mateta Rizahulhaq , a spokesman for the state-owned railway company PT Kereta Api , told CNN no one has dared an attempt it . "  From our field reports so far , there have been no roof riders on that line since we installed them , " Rizahulhaq said . Over the years , officials have tried and failed to stop commuters from climbing atop carriages . "  Policing passengers has been going on in various ways for so long . Starting with oil on the roof , using barbed wire , spraying dyed water , dogs , advice from religious leaders . None of these were effective , " explained Rizahulhaq . Some critics say this latest tactic seemed too extreme . "  It 's not that we do not have humanity , but from the time someone gets up on the top of the train , they just do not value their life anymore , " Rizahulhaq added . Almost half a million commuters depend on the railway system to travel within the greater Jakarta area . Trains are packed , especially during the rush hours . Many passengers choose to climb to the top of overcrowded carriages . There are some -- train surfers -- who get on for a free ride or just for the thrill of it . Officials say these thrill rides cause one or two deaths per month . They hope the new measure will prevent any more fatal accidents . If the concrete balls prove to be effective , more will be installed in other areas of the capital , officials said . The government predicts that by 2018 , the number of train passengers in Jakarta will increase to over a million . Everyone here agrees that what this growing metropolis needs is an improved and expanded railway system that gives passengers no excuse to get on train rooftops .	The concrete balls are suspended just above the passing trains The railway has fought a losing battle to keep riders off the tops of trains Almost half a million commuters depend on the railway system in greater Jakarta
Along a winding Chinese mountain road dotted with inns and restaurants is Jinan Orphanage , a place of refuge and site for troubled parents to dump unwanted children . The government-run orphanage in eastern China opened its first baby hatch on June 1 , International Children 's Day , as a symbolic step to show the country 's commitment to improving child welfare . However , it since proved so popular that authorities have had to introduce new rules to limit the number of babies and children being abandoned . In just 11 days , 106 children , all with disabilities or medical conditions , were dropped off at the Jinan facility , according to local state media . That is more than the 85 orphans the city accepted the entire previous year . In one reported case , a six-year-old girl was pushed out of a car in front of the hatch . In her pocket was $ 430 and a piece of paper with her birth date and time written on it , according to state media . Waiting outside the hatch CNN waited outside the hatch on a Tuesday afternoon to see how often it was being used . The hatch is a small , detached room at the side of the orphanage , equipped with a crib , incubator and air conditioning . Once the child 's guardian leaves the hatch , the door locks and an alarm sounds , alerting staff to the anonymous drop . In the first of two attempted drops , two men walked up to the hatch and started taking photos of a sign with detailed instructions on how to drop off a baby . The instructions said that parents should leave a date of birth , as well as details of any medical conditions the child may have . It also asked people not to take any equipment from the hatch . Half an hour later , the same two men pulled up in a silver hatchback with a woman in the back . Orphanage workers and guards scurried over to the car . The woman told them her baby had a congenital heart disease and they had no money to treat her . The workers advised the woman to take her baby to the city hospital , which provides free medical services . If she could not be treated there , then she could bring the baby back , they said . The men quickly got back into the car drove away . The second drop , only one hour later , involved a 21-year-old man from Sichuan , a province in southwestern China , who walked up the busy road , cradling a baby and a bag of belongings . As the man went to the hatch , orphanage staff and guards stood in his way , preventing him from opening the door . He walked back defeated , silent and stony-faced . When CNN caught up to him , he broke down in tears , sobbing as he held his baby closer to his chest . His son , dressed in clean clothes and a bonnet , was sleeping . The young man said his baby had water on the brain . "  I just want to leave him there because with the state at least he has hope . We have no money . We 've spent everything , " he said as he wept . The man walked back about a half a mile down the road where his uncle had parked after driving him to the hatch . When asked why the orphanage would not accept the baby , the staff replied , "  He 's not allowed . We have regulations . We only accept people from this city . " The orphanage staff told the father to travel back to his hometown in Sichuan -- more than 1,000 miles away on the other side of the country -- to drop off his baby . New rules imposed The locals-only rule was applied soon after the hatch opened to try to limit numbers . Now , babies must also be less than one year old , and can only be dropped off between the hours of 9 a.m. and 5 p.m. . A handful of police , orphanage workers and volunteers stand guard at the hatch 24 hours a day , making it increasingly difficult for any parent to abandon a child anonymously . The country is divided on the topic of hatches , with many believing that the government is condoning child abandonment and even encouraging it by opening hatches . Outside the hatch are prominently placed slogans condemning child abandonment , a reminder from the government that the practice is technically illegal , even though the provision of baby hatches amounts to turning a blind eye to that . History of China 's hatches The first pilot hatch was introduced in 2011 . Now there are 32 across the country , according to the official Xinhua news agency . "  We had to find a more humane way to take in abandoned babies , " said Dr. Wang Zhenyao , one of the founders for China 's child welfare policy and a retired Ministry of Civil Affairs official . "  In reality , children were being thrown into trash cans , on the side of roads , in front of hospitals , or in front of the Ministry of Civil Affairs so we had to standardize it and regulate it . " According to UNICEF , there were around 712,000 orphans in China in 2010 , but child welfare groups believe that the number could be in the millions if you account for children in non-government orphanages and foster homes . Unlike in the 1980s and 90s , when most abandoned babies were girls , now most suffer from a range of disabilities and medical conditions , such as cerebral palsy , Down syndrome , congenital heart disease , club feet and cleft lips . Changing attitudes , improving welfare Wang said baby hatches were a step in the right direction for the country , but acknowledged that changing mindsets and improving social welfare would pose a challenge in the years to come . "  If you do n't give up your child , then nobody will help you , " Wang told CNN . "  But once you abandon your child , the government must take over . " "  This is not a good solution . Instead the government should step forward to subsidize parents and enable them to take care of their children . This is a simple truth that is hard to explain to society . " According to Wang , China has only 10,000 social workers handling 100,000 abandoned children , a ratio of one social worker to ten orphans . In more developed nations , the ratio is normally two social welfare workers to every orphaned child , he said . The Ministry of Civil Affairs seems to have recognized the problem and has set an ambitious target of increasing the number of social welfare workers to two million by 2015 . Until then , it 's likely the hatches will continue to be used by parents too poor or too overwhelmed to keep their children at home . China 's ` baby hatch ' numbers set to increase ` Baby hatch ' overwhelmed in Southern Chinese city	Jinan ` baby hatch ' overwhelmed since opening on June 1 Over 100 children abandoned , all had disabilities or medical conditions City has had to introduce new rules to reduce number of babies , children Babies must now be less than one year old , from the local area
Washington  CNN  -- Human error and system lapses , rather than deliberate concealing of information , allowed a terror suspect with explosives to board a U.S.-bound airplane on Christmas Day , President Obama 's terrorism czar said Sunday . John Brennan , the assistant to the president for homeland security and counterterrorism , said on CNN 's "  State of the Union " that the security breakdown in the failed bombing of the Northwest Airlines flight was different from the September 11 , 2001 , terror attacks . "  It 's not like 9/11 , " Brennan said , adding that the "  system did n't work as it should have " due to "  lapses " and "  human error . " "  There was n't an effort to try to conceal information , " he said , referring to the well-chronicled competition and turf wars among security agencies prior to the 2001 attacks , which was later blamed for the failure to prevent them . "  There is no smoking gun piece of intelligence out there , " Brennan said of the failed Christmas bombing , allegedly planned by a Nigerian man who boarded the flight from Amsterdam , Netherlands , to Detroit , Michigan , with explosives in his underwear . Meanwhile , the Transportation Security Administration announced Sunday new security measures to be implemented by domestic and international air carriers on flights bound for the United States , effective Monday . The suspect 's father , a leading banker in Nigeria , warned U.S. authorities before the attack that his son might be involved with Islamic extremists . Brennan said the father 's information was part of "  bits and pieces " of information that were never connected by intelligence officials to properly target the suspect . "  That was certainly an alert that came to our attention , " Brennan said of the father 's warnings . "  He said , ` He 's consorting with extremists in Yemen . ' " However , Brennan rejected another potential warning sign -- that the suspect purchased the airline ticket with cash in Ghana before traveling to Nigeria for the first leg of his journey . "  A lot of people buy their tickets in Africa with cash . That is the way , in fact , things are done , because there 's so much fraud there . So that was n't a necessary -LSB- warning -RSB- bell , " Brennan said . "  People in the Amsterdam airport did n't even know that he had bought the ticket for cash . He did bring on carry-on luggage . So there were a lot of things that were out there . " At the same time , Brennan conceded "  there was information that was in the system that should have allowed us to stop it . " "  A number of pieces were out there that were n't brought together , " Brennan said . On the same program , however , the Republican chairman of the 9/11 commission said Brennan was "  wrong when he says this was n't like 9/11 . " Thomas Kean , a former governor of New Jersey , said both events occurred because the U.S. intelligence community failed to piece together various bits of information it already possessed in the weeks and months prior to the attacks . If the information had been properly shared and analyzed , "  then this guy would 've never have gotten on a plane " on Christmas Day , Kean said . In announcing the new security measures Sunday , the TSA stressed in a statement that "  effective aviation security must begin beyond our borders . " As a result , any individual flying into the United States who is "  traveling from or through nations that are state sponsors of terrorism or other countries of interest will be required to go through enhanced screening , " the statement said . "  The directive also increases the use of enhanced screening technologies and mandates threat-based and random screening for passengers on U.S. bound international flights . "	John Brennan : "  System did n't work as it should have " due to "  lapses " and "  human error " Suspect 's cash payment for airfare "  was n't a necessary -LSB- warning -RSB- bell , " says Brennan Thomas Kean of 9/11 panel says Brennan "  wrong when he says this was n't like 9/11 " CNN iReport : Tell us about your airport security experiences
Protesters knocked down a statue of Vladimir Lenin on Sunday as outrage mounted over the Ukrainian government 's push for closer ties with Russia . A crowd of cheering protesters chanted "  Good job " after the statue fell in Kiev 's Bessarabska Square . Some pounded the monument with hammers , leaving pieces of the statue scattered on the ground . Only parts of the Soviet hero 's legs remained at the base . A man waving a Ukrainian flag stood atop the pedestal beside them . Police said they were investigating but did not know know who had toppled the monument . Ukraine 's government news agency said a lawmaker with the nationalist Svoboda party claimed responsibility for the incident . "  This is the end of Soviet occupation , " the party 's Twitter account said . "  End of  the  regime of shame and humiliation . " Numerous statues of Lenin , one of the leaders of the 1917 Russian Revolution , have been removed from Kiev in recent years . The Communist Party decried the attack on the statue Sunday . "  Destroying the Lenin monument in Kiev is not just an act of vandalism , " party leader Petro Symonenko said , according to a post on the party 's official website . "  It is a sign that organizers of the protests are not for the European values , but rather for hate , fear and destruction of the state of Ukraine . " The toppling of the statue on Sunday came as 100,000 protesters took to the streets of Kiev , according to police estimates , piling more pressure on Ukrainian President Viktor Yanukovych after he turned away from integration with Europe . Kiev suspended talks with the European Union last month , angering many Ukrainians who say an EU agreement would have opened borders to trade and set the stage for modernization and inclusion . The subsequent protests that have rattled the eastern European country are the biggest in Ukraine since the so-called Orange Revolution nine years ago , a populist movement that toppled the government . U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon called Yanukovych on Sunday and told the Ukrainian president that he had "  grave concern " about the situation , urging authorities not to resort to violence . Yanukovych told the U.N. chief that "  consultations would be initiated to defuse the situation , " the United Nations said . Opposition leaders , who failed to force the government 's resignation in a vote of no confidence in parliament last week , are counting on their supporters to voice their discontent . Demonstrators flocked to the capital 's Independence Square , many camping out in freezing weather as they demanded the government 's ouster as well as early presidential and parliamentary elections . Russia calls for ` stability and order ' Others rallied outside the cabinet office , the presidential office and other government offices -- in some cases blocking the buildings and preventing employees from working . Tens of thousands of anti-government activists met at noon in Kiev for a rally organizers hailed as the "  1 Million March , " hoping it would swell to 1 million people as the day went on . Ukrainian opposition leaders said close to half a million people were out on the streets . Police put the figure at 100,000 . The crowd waved Ukrainian and EU flags and chanted slogans such as "  Ukraine is Europe . " Some held pictures of Yanukovych 's jailed chief political opponent , Yulia Tymoshenko . In statements posted on her official website , Tymoshenko called on supporters to keep up their demands . "  I believe that you are strong , inspired and not retreat , " wrote the former prime minister , who ended a 12-day hunger strike last week , according to the Batkivschyna opposition party . "  Be prepared for the fact that the struggle will be long and difficult , instant victory impossible . But professional and well-planned , your joint struggle has a chance to finish the victory . " Opposition demands Demonstrators held a similar rally December 1 . The daily protests have mainly been peaceful , but there has also been some violence , drawing condemnation from Western governments . The crowds often swell in size in the evenings as people leave work and join the protests . In speeches at the rallies , protest leaders have called for the government 's resignation , the release of protesters arrested during clashes in Kiev , and the punishment of those responsible for using violence against demonstrators . "  I appeal to the whole Ukraine , its East and West . The whole Ukraine must rise and declare a strike to this power in all cities and towns from tomorrow , " said boxer Vitaly Klitschko , an opposition leader , in a statement on the website of the Ukrainian Democratic Alliance for Reform party . Opinion : Why Ukraine 's future lies with the EU , not Russia Ukraine , Russian presidents meet Against the backdrop of the anti-government protests , Yanukovych met Russian President Vladimir Putin on Friday . The Ukrainian President traveled to China last week and had a work meeting with his Russian counterpart on the way back . "  The two Presidents discussed current bilateral relations and preparations for the upcoming meeting of the Russian-Ukrainian Interstate Commission in Moscow , " an official statement from Putin 's office said . One of the main reasons for Yanukovych 's decision to backpedal on the EU talks is Russia 's threat of trade sanctions and gas bill hikes . Yanukovych was also under pressure by the EU to free Tymoshenko . The Orange Revolution that swept him from office in 2004 , when he was prime minister , also swept Tymoshenko to power . Tymoshenko was sentenced to seven years in prison in 2011 after being convicted of abuse of authority over a natural gas deal negotiated with Russia in 2009 . The United States and Europe see the punishment as politically motivated . The battle over Ukraine : Towards a new geopolitical game	"  This is the end of Soviet occupation , " nationalist party says The Communist Party says attacking the statue shows "  hate , fear and destruction " Crowds chant "  Good job " after statue of Soviet hero falls Kiev suspended talks with the European Union last month
A South Dakota boarding school that sends out more than 30 million pieces of mail every year pleading for money to help its Native American students now says it is changing the way it raises money after a CNN investigation . CNN reported that seemingly handwritten letters from a student called "  Josh Little Bear " were signed by a student who was fictitious . U.S. Indian school 's fund-raising letters sent to millions signed by fictitious kids The marketing director for St. Joseph 's Indian School in Chamberlain , South Dakota told CNN that the stories were broadly true but not specific to any single student . Those letters , in part , read : "  Like other kids here , my home on the reservation is n't a safe place for me to be . My dad sometimes drinks and hits me . My mom ... did n't want me anymore . She chose drugs over me . " A black-and-white photograph at the top of the letter was said to be "  Josh Little Bear , " even though the school said his name was "  changed " to "  protect his privacy . " The school 's president , Mike Tyrell , wrote CNN that the school has "  revisited " the use of the "  letters attributed to our students . " "  While the stories in the letters were based on actual situations that some of our students have experienced , " he wrote , "  using such letters may not be the best way to convey our students ' challenges to our benefactors . " St. Joseph 's publicly reported raising more than $ 51 million last year , nearly all of that money generated by the direct-mail appeals , which include "  DreamCatchers "  made in China  , stickers , notepads , address labels and calendars . This year , the school said it had more than $ 122 million in "  assets " on hand . Native American leaders who live near St. Joseph 's scoffed at the letters . "  I knew this was going on for a long time , " said Leonard Pease , vice chairman of the Crow Creek Lakota Sioux reservation , which is a half-hour drive away from St. Joseph 's . "  That 's how they get their money . To me , it makes the Indians look bad . " In his email to CNN , the school 's president said : "  Even the best of intentions can be misrepresented ; we want to make sure that we do not misrepresent the people we serve , the Lakota Sioux of South Dakota . " School officials did not elaborate on whether they would discontinue the letters or would change the language .	St. Joseph 's Indian School raised more than $ 50 million last year from donations South Dakota school sends waves of mailings across the country asking for help Official tells CNN the school has "  revisited " the use of the "  letters attributed to our students " Officials did n't elaborate on whether letters would stop or wording would be changed
CNN  -- A suspected tornado touched down in south-central Texas on Monday , the National Weather Service said , as a slow-moving line of storms brought high winds , heavy rains and large hail as it swept eastward . The Medina County , Texas , Sheriff 's Office "  received over 300 calls indicating there is damage or injuries " due to the storm , said a woman from the sheriff 's office who identified herself only as Heather . This came after one twister landed around 8 p.m. Monday near Natalia , a town of about 1,400 residents that is in the county . "  It struck us pretty hard , " she said from the county , which is about 30 miles west of San Antonio . "  At this point , we have unknown  amount  of injuries , but we have a lot of damage . " Charlie 's Ice House , a bar in Devine , was in shambles after potent winds barreled through , ripping off its roof . "  It happened so fast and everyone was getting away from the doors ... and then it was over , " said co-owner Marilyn Banks , adding that none of the 20 to 25 people inside suffered much more than a few scratches . Authorities , though , are "  in rescue mode " searching for a motorcycle rider who is unaccounted for since the system came through , said Lawrence Trevino , San Antonio 's emergency manager who is assisting neighboring counties in the response . He said that some injuries have been reported , but there are no known deaths after the strong winds damaged about six homes . Joanne Ortiz said she saw what appeared to be three funnel clouds from her home in Devine . While tornadoes are not new to the area , she said the fact they came in rapid succession was alarming . "  At first we were fascinated by it . But once we saw two of them , we thought , where do we go ? " said Ortiz , who lives in a one-story manufactured home on a 3-acre lot . In Bexar County , which includes San Antonio , Fire Marshall 's Office spokeswoman Laura Jesse said there "  are reports of damage to one home in southwest Bexar County " but otherwise the impact appears to be limited . "  This is a rural area , so it 's not that populated , " Jesse said . Parts of north , south and central Texas , including the Dallas-Fort Worth area , were under a tornado watch , the weather service said . The tornado is related to a weather system that 's also triggered flash flood watches and warnings for sections of Arkansas , Oklahoma , Texas and Louisiana . The threat of heavy rain will continue across the area into Tuesday . Meanwhile , much of the eastern two-thirds of the country continued to have unseasonably warm temperatures , a day before spring officially starts . Parts of Arizona remained buried under snow Monday as a surprising late-winter onslaught paralyzed travel and closed schools . The weather agency issued a winter storm warning for the mountains of central and eastern Arizona through early Monday . Another winter storm warning was issued Monday afternoon for parts of southeast Arizona . The city of Flagstaff was still digging out of 10 to 14 inches of snow from the weekend , which prompted school closings in the city . The city of Prescott received 8 to 12 inches . iReport : Are you there ? Send us your weather photos Brandon Neuman of Flagstaff produced a time-lapse video of about a foot of snow falling on his backyard deck in seven hours . "  The other day it was 65 degrees , next day it is snowing , so it 's been crazy , " Neuman said . "  It killed a lot of people 's travel plans because the highways are a mess . " But in eastern parts of the country , balmy conditions prevailed , with temperatures well above average from Texas and the Midwest all the way to the East Coast . CNN 's Jessica Jordan , Greg Botelho , Nick Valencia , Sean Morris , Leslie Tripp , Pedram Javaheri , Karol Brinkley , Maggie Schneider and Ashley Hayes contributed to this report .	NEW : Authorities are looking for a motorcyle rider , an emergency manager says NEW : A woman says winds ripped the roof off her bar , though no one was hurt A suspected twister touched down 8 p.m. in a rural part of south-central Texas Flash flood watches are in effect in Arkansas , Oklahoma , Texas and Louisiana
CNN  -- Negotiating teams from Sudan and South Sudan have agreed to end a dispute on oil payments to allow the resumption of southern oil exports through Sudan 's territories , Sudan 's state-run Ashorooq TV reported early Saturday , citing official sources . The negotiating teams met in Addis Ababa , Ethiopia , with the head of the African Union , the state-run TV station said . Both countries still have to discuss when to resume southern oil exports through the north . Sudan 's economy has suffered since the separation of South Sudan last year , which took with it nearly 75 % of the country 's oil wealth . While most of the oil wells are in the south , the pipelines and port to export the oil are in the north . The agreement covers how much the landlocked South Sudan will pay to use those facilities . South Sudan halted oil production in late January after accusing Sudan of stealing $ 815 million worth of its crude . Sudan said it had confiscated the oil to make up for unpaid fees . The negotiating teams agreed that Sudan will receive $ 25.80 per barrel that passes through pipelines from the south to the north as an export tax and refining cost , Ashorooq TV reported . The teams are expected to meet later Saturday to discuss territorial disputes . U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton praised the deal Saturday , saying it "  reflects leadership and a new spirit of compromise on both sides . " "  The Government of Sudan deserves credit for taking this step , " Clinton said in a statement . "  If Sudan would now also take the steps to peace in Southern Kordofan , Blue Nile , and Darfur , and if it will respect the rights of all citizens , it can likewise give its people a brighter future . " Border clashes have brought the countries to the brink of war and left South Sudan coping with a massive humanitarian crisis as people flee the fighting . The South Sudan state of Upper Nile has been flooded with refugees crossing the border from Sudan . In total , aid agencies estimate that at least 150,000 refugees from Sudan are currently in South Sudan . Regarding two areas in the Blue Nile and Nubia , the government of Sudan and the Sudan People 's Liberation Movement-North , a rebel force in the border region , agreed to a partial cease-fire so humanitarian aid could reach victims of hostilities , the state-run TV station said . CNN 's Amir Ahmed contributed to this report .	NEW : U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton praised the deal Saturday While most oil wells are in the south , the pipelines and port are in the north South Sudan halted oil production in January after accusing Sudan of stealing
CNN  -- The Catholic Church in Ireland is going high-tech in a bid to reverse a dramatic decline in the number of priests . An establishment viewed as a bastion of tradition is turning to a new app to encourage more "  applications . " The app , says the church , is "  designed to promote vocations to the priesthood . " It is being hailed as a "  world first " by the church in Ireland . "  The app is an original approach to assist current and future generations seeking to investigate and find information on vocations to the diocesan priesthood in Ireland , " a statement issued ahead of the launch said . The number of new recruits to the priesthood has fallen sharply in the recent decades -- and as Ireland has become engulfed in a series of child sex abuse scandals over the past few years . The situation led to a respected former Catholic bishop in Ireland to call for an end to clerical celibacy . Edward Daly , the retired bishop of Derry , said allowing clergymen to marry would ease many of the church 's problems . Daly told CNN he was worried about the decreasing number of priests and the number of older priests . The issue "  needs to be addressed and addressed urgently , " Daly said , adding he found it "  heartbreaking " priests were forced to resign or prospective priests were unable to join the priesthood because of the celibacy rule . The new ` Vocations ' app was designed by Father Paddy Rushe and developed by the company Magic Time Apps , based in Dublin . It is available to download for free from the Apple iPhone App Store , said the church . Some of the features of the app , according to the church , are : Connection to Twitter and Facebook ; Social networking at the service of vocations ; Contact details and statistics on the 26 dioceses of Ireland ; Frequently asked questions to assist a person to discern his vocation ; News feed running from the national vocations website ; Novel and cursory ` tests ' to enable the user to reflect on vocation potential . "  Future updates will include a "  prayer counter " to allow people pledge a period of prayer for vocations and a picture gallery which will include some images from the life of a seminarian , " the church statement said . The launch of the new app marks the official handover from Rushe as the National Coordinator for Diocesan Vocations to Father Willie Purcell and his team , said the church . The app is part of a campaign promoted on the church website -- http://www.vocations.ie -- and follows ` Priesthood Sunday , ' which was on September 25 . The website called it "  an opportunity to highlight and promote particularly the vocation to the priesthood . " A statement on the website stressed more priests are needed : "  The number of priests per Catholic has declined over the past 40 years . This makes it more difficult for individual parishioners to establish a close relationship with any one particular priest . " "  Also , priests are no longer the only ones who offer pastoral care to our people , " the statement continued . "  Yet without a priest , no parish is able to be a Eucharistic community . It is important to reaffirm the importance of the priesthood of Jesus Christ and its central place in the life of our church . "	The app is a first by the Catholic Church in Ireland It 's being billed as a ` world first " The app is "  designed to promote vocations to the priesthood " The number of priests per Catholic has declined over the past 40 years
