LONDON , England  CNN  -- The conviction of a terrorist doctor in the UK exposes how any section of society can become radicalized , a top police officer said Tuesday . Bilal Abdulla is shown being arrested after the attack at Glasgow Airport . Bilal Abdulla was well-educated and working as a doctor when he carried out his plot to plant car bombs in London -- rather than unemployed or with feelings of being outside or abandoned by society as has been seen before in the UK . Born in southern England , his family moved to Iraq when he was a child . He grew up in the capital during Saddam Hussein 's rule and went to the University of Baghdad before returning to Britain to attend Cambridge University . The Cambridge-educated graduate became a doctor working in the National Health Service where the maxim is to treat anyone regardless of the ability to pay . Deputy Assistant Commissioner John McDowall , who heads the Counter Terrorism Command , said Abdulla and Kafeel Ahmed -- who died from burn injuries after he crashed a jeep into Glasgow International Airport , Scotland -- reveal a new type of terrorist . He told the UK 's Press Association : "  These individuals were not on our radar and that in itself is very interesting . When you look at the profile of these individuals they are very different from the terrorists we have dealt with in this country before - being professional people . McDowell added they were probably inspired by al Qaeda in Iraq but developed their plan in Britain without help from abroad . "  I think this was a group that was largely self-motivated , came up with the ideas themselves , tutored themselves through the Internet . I do n't think they received significant training elsewhere , which is unusual from what we have had in the past , " he told PA. . Abdulla 's motive , prosecutors said , was revenge for the bloodshed in Iraq . Prosecutor Jonathan Laidlaw said : ` There is no longer a conventional approach to terrorism . There are no rules to be broken any more , nothing can be taken for granted . " Abdulla was found guilty Tuesday of conspiracy to murder and conspiring to cause explosions . He will be sentenced to Woolwich Crown Court , London , on Wednesday . The jury rejected his defense that he had planned only to set fire to cars in central London as a way of highlighting the plight of Iraqis .	Dr. Bilal Abdulla 's professional life is different to radicals seen before in UK Anti terror officer tells PA Abdulla was a self-taught , self-starter Abdulla planned car bomb attacks in June 2007 on targets in Glasgow and London He was found guilty of conspiracy to murder in June 2007
Atlanta , Georgia  CNN  -- In the beginning the question was whether we could do it at all . Around-the-clock news ? Was there even enough news to fill 24 hours ? Those were the questions being asked when I joined the staff of CNN on February 4 , 1980 , five months before the network went on the air . I had come to CNN from the Atlanta Journal via a six-year stint at UPI . Aside from knowing how to write a five-minute newscast for the broadcast wire , I knew nothing about television . That day I was told I would be the broadcast industry 's first full-time copy editor . Even at the networks , it seemed , producers had read scripts , but with 24 hours of news , editors had been added to the team . Down to the last few minutes before we went on the air at 6 p.m. on June 1 , 1980 , there were doubts about whether we could do it . Ted Kavanau was the fast-talking , endlessly energetic vice president whose job was not only to get us on the air but make our shows interesting . As the clock ticked down , he called the show team into the back where the executive offices were located . "  Listen , " he intoned . "  We do n't know if this is going to work or not . But do not worry . If it does n't work , we will all go to TV stations and hire one another . " And on that cheery note , out we went to produce the first show . We had been asked to tie our futures to the dreams of Ted Turner , someone many considered to be a mad man . Not only were we ready , but eager . As Turner was dedicating the news channel to America , I was marking up seven-part scripts with a black copy pencil in the newsroom downstairs . And by the end of that first hour , I knew the answer to the question of whether CNN would survive . Civil rights leader Vernon Jordan had been shot and was in a Fort Wayne , Indiana , hospital . That day his friend , President Carter , flew to Fort Wayne to visit his bedside . When Carter came out of Jordan 's room and stepped up to the waiting microphones , CNN was live . The three broadcast networks would air portions of Carter 's remarks later on their 30-minute evening newscasts , but CNN was live as it happened . As I listened to Carter speak , I thought to myself , "  You know , this is going to work . " And it did . Cell phones were still a few years away . There was no Internet , but people could look at CNN and see history unfold before their eyes . A cartoon in the New Yorker magazine from that time showed a dead bird , its feet in the air and a CNN cameraman capturing the event . "  A sparrow falls , " said the caption , "  and CNN goes live . " There were countless important events in those first years . The arrival of the hostages who had been freed by Iran in 1981 , the chaos following the shooting of President Reagan that year , and those unforgettable images as the Challenger blasted off into a clear blue Florida sky in January 1986 only to explode a few moments later . A breakthrough moment came with the start of the Persian Gulf War . That war produced something called "  CNN Syndrome . " As video of bombs falling on targets and reports from the field streamed in , people were reluctant to be away from their televisions . They carried pocket radios into business meetings to listen to CNN Radio . They were unwilling to be unplugged , and it was more than exciting to be a part of it . In 1993 , CNN created its own internal wire service , The CNN Wire , and I was one of three members of that fledgling staff . We were to be the repository of what CNN knew because our charge was to cover the major story of the day . In 1994 , it included a slow chase down a Los Angeles freeway . When caught , O.J. Simpson was charged with murdering his wife , Nicole Brown-Simpson . My colleague Anne Brown and I watched and filed dispatches on every day of the trial . In 1996 , I went to Moscow to cover the first democratic election of a Russian president . Boris Yeltsin danced on the stage at Rostov-on-Don and swept past the Communists to win . Then followed four trips to Israel to cover elections there . One evening my colleague Izzy Lemberg invited me to visit his home in Abu Tor , a mixed neighborhood in Jerusalem where Israelis and Palestinians live . The cab driver was a little reluctant but took me anyway . On the terrace roof of Izzy 's home that summer evening we ate cool slices of watermelon and sipped Israeli wines . As darkness fell , an arc of lights was visible on the horizon . "  That is Amman , Jordan , " Izzy said . "  It 's only about 70 miles away . " Soon bright flashes of light began to appear off to the right , beyond the Mount of Olives . Izzy and his wife Rickie seemed to pay no notice . What was that , I wanted to know . "  Oh , that , just the Israelis practicing tank fire in the Jordan Valley , " Izzy said . Normal life in Israel . One of my most memorable days at CNN was a day of tragedy , April 19 , 1995 . A national desk editor had received a call from a CNN affiliate in Oklahoma City . The station had heard on a police scanner that an explosion had occurred at the federal building and planned to send a reporter and a microwave truck . I called the Oklahoma City police to find out what was going on . I asked if there had been an explosion at the federal building . "  Yes , " the dispatcher told me , "  and it 's bad . " She slammed down the phone , but with that confirmation I wrote the first bulletin of many I would write that day . Within the next 10 minutes , the first video of the scene was streaming in -- the mushroom cloud of black smoke , the faÃ § ade of the building collapsed into the street . As the lead writer on the story , it was my job to take that stream of facts , update the story as developments came in , and try to keep the story as coherent as possible . At times that day , it felt as if I had grabbed a live wire as the death toll inched toward 168 . The stories of survivors began to flow in . And then there were the questions . Who did this and why ? About 80 minutes after the blast , Timothy McVeigh , the man who would ultimately be convicted of the worst act of homegrown terror in American history , was arrested in a routine traffic stop in Perry , Oklahoma . In 1997 , I would go to Denver to cover his trial . My worst day at CNN was an even worse day of tragedy . September 11 , 2001 , when almost 3,000 people died . That Tuesday morning began routinely . An editorial meeting had started on the 6th floor of the CNN Center when word came from the New York bureau that a plane had hit the World Trade Center . Like many , I thought it must have been a small private plane and wondered how it got so close . Then the first video came in from CNN affiliate WABC with the Trade Center 's North Tower ablaze . I sat down and wrote a bulletin . My colleague , international desk editor Lynn Felton , and I were watching a monitor when a plane entered the frame and struck the South Tower . Did we really see what we just saw ? I wrote another bulletin . Then , as we tried to understand the magnitude of what had occurred , a third plane , at the Pentagon . Another bulletin . Then a fourth plane crashed into a field in Pennsylvania . Another bulletin . That short span -- between a few minutes before 9 a.m. until just after 10:30 a.m. -- was the longest period of time I have ever experienced . The seconds ticked down as if they were made of lead . We were under attack , and it would n't stop . But , of course , the story was just beginning to unfold . Very soon , the twin towers would collapse in roiling clouds of smoke and ash . A lead writer 's job when a story begins is to give the facts as quickly , clearly and concisely as possible . But as the day progresses , it is the writer 's job to pull back , look at the larger picture , include some context , and say , if possible , what this means . My final lead that day talked about terrorists striking the twin symbols of America 's financial and military might , the World Trade Center and the Pentagon . The only routine thing about September 11 was at the end of the day when the lead writer who was to replace me tapped me on the shoulder . I logged off the computer , stood up and stumbled away -- spent both emotionally and physically in a way I had never been before . On the day of Ted Turner 's last visit to his office in the CNN Center , my old friend and colleague Will King , who like me was there on day one , happened to ride the elevator down with Turner . As they crossed the bridge over the food court , Will tried to express to Turner what his vision had meant to us , how proud those of us who were there at the beginning had been to be a part of it . Turner thanked him and headed down the escalator . Then the mad man turned , threw up his hand , and shouted back to Will , "  Keep the spirit ! " This week , more than 32 years after I joined CNN -- after being a part of thousands of stories , working with thousands of people , and forming friendships that have lasted a lifetime -- I will sign off of my computer for the last time and retire . It has been a great career . As I leave I am as convinced today as I was early on that there is no better front seat to history than to be a part of CNN . And as I slip down the escalator , I plan to turn back and wave to all the colleagues I 'm leaving behind , confident that the spirit lives on .	Randy Harber retires this week after a career that goes back to the first day of CNN He says the 24-hour news channel quickly overcame doubts that it was needed Harber : Ted Turner 's innovation found an audience as events demanded constant attention He says his 32-year career provided a front row seat to history
Freezing a woman 's eggs should no longer be considered "  experimental , " according to the American Society of Reproductive Medicine , a move that signals the technique is now standard for infertility treatment . The society reviewed data from four randomized controlled trials and various observational studies that compared fertilization rates , embryo implantation rates and pregnancy rates of fresh eggs versus eggs that were frozen using a method called vitrification . Overall , frozen  or vitrified  eggs had fertilization rates between 71 and 79 % , implantation rates between 17 and 41 % and clinical pregnancy rates  positive pregnancy tests  between 36 and 61 % . The data also showed no increase in birth defects , developmental disorders or chromosomal abnormalities when in vitro fertilization cycles were conducted with frozen eggs , leading the society to declare the technique effective and safe . "  The technology and technique are getting better , and success rates are good , " said Dr. Samantha Pfeifer , chairwoman of the American Society of Reproductive Medicine 's practice committee . "  So with those studies , we felt comfortable saying there is a lot of information on how oocyte cryopreservation is improving . " Freezing your eggs : the costs and other realities "  Vitrification is basically the solidification of a solution without ice crystallization , " said Dr. Zsolt Peter Nagy , embryologist and scientific director at Reproductive Biology Associates in Atlanta . "  And that 's very important . " The lack of ice crystallization is key to the health of the egg because , as Nagy explained , "  ice crystallization that happens during slow freezing is the biggest danger for egg ... cryopreservation because ice crystals can damage the cell membranes , and it results in the degeneration of the eggs . "  In vitrification , there is no ice crystallization , so basically , you avoid that problem . " Egg freezing has been marketed as a means for women without fertility issues to preserve their fertility beyond their peak childbearing years . Yet the American Society of Reproductive Medicine says its decision to drop the "  experimental " label should not be interpreted as an endorsement for women without infertility issues to freeze their eggs for future use . "  We think we should proceed cautiously in using this as an elective technique , especially in older patients , " said Dr. Eric Widra , chairman of the Society for Assisted Reproductive Technology practice committee . "  There is an inherent conflict between the desire to freeze eggs and the need to freeze eggs . Freezing eggs for the future sounds like a good insurance policy but may not be an insurance policy that needs to be cashed in . " Could ` personhood ' bills outlaw IVF ? Widra says that the best way to conceive is still through natural intercourse at an appropriate age and that vitrification should be reserved for women and couples with urgent infertility needs , like patients with medical indications that they will lose their fertility  perhaps a woman with cancer or a specific genetic condition  , couples going through IVF who do n't have sufficient sperm or couples who are unable or unwilling to freeze embryos . Other fertility specialists disagree , arguing that fertility is different for everyone and that women should consult with their doctors if they decide to put off pregnancy until their mid - to late 30s . "  Women unfortunately are getting married later , having children later , facing more infertility problems , " explained Nagy . "  Doing fertility preservation by egg cryopreservation is an option for them today . It was not an option in the past , but today it is an option . "	The American Society of Reproductive Medicine lifts "  experimental " label Egg freezing is declared effective and safe "  The technology and technique are getting better , and success rates are good , " doctor says Experts disagree on the issue of women freezing eggs for later use
New York  CNN  -- Hacker group The Script Kiddies successfully hacked another news organization when it logged onto USA Today 's Twitter page and posted false statements Sunday evening . USA Today promptly removed the messages and posted a statement about the hack . Late Sunday evening USA Today posted to its Twitter page : " @usatoday was hacked and as a result false tweets were sent . We worked with Twitter to correct it . The account is now back in our control . " The Script Kiddies , an offshoot of the hacker group Associated , takes full responsibility on their Facebook page : "  Just Hacked USAToday and made a new Facebook fan page , lost access to the last one . " Twitter responded by saying , "  As a policy , we do n't comment on individual accounts for privacy reasons . " The Script Kiddies are also responsible for hacking into NBC News ' Twitter account the weekend of September 11 and posting fabricated messages about a fresh attack on New York 's ground zero . The Script Kiddies also hacked the Fox News Twitter account in July . The group falsely reported that President Barack Obama had been killed . USA Today was unable to be reached for comment but tweeted this apology late Sunday evening : "  We apologize for any inconvenience or confusion caused to our readers and thank you for reading @usatoday . "	USA Today is latest victim of hacker group The Script Kiddies Disruption consists of fabricated statements and group promotion NBC News and Fox News were previously hit
LONDON , England  CNN  -- "  Oh , the humanity . " When these three words were uttered by aghast radio journalist Herbert Morrison -- as the LZ129 Hindenburg airship crashed and burst into flames in New Jersey in 1937 -- it was seen as the end of airships . The other remaining Zeppelin-class dirigible , the Graf Zeppelin II , was destroyed by the Nazi administration who felt the materials could be put to better use with more conventional aircraft . The Aeroscraft ML866 is a prototype for future cargo vehicles that could have a payload of up to 60 tonnes But , 70 years on , could the Hindenburg-style airship be experiencing a renaissance ? There are two types of craft that are commonly called "  airships . " The first is basically a balloon filled with a lighter-than-air gas , with an attached pod for the pilot and passengers , and tilting propellers to aid with descent and maneuvering . These are known as ` blimps ' and are commonly used for promotional activities , for filming sporting events and by law enforcement agencies for surveillance . But their limited payload make them unsuitable for other purposes . The other type of airship is the dirigible . Like a blimp , a dirigible airship is filled with lighter-than-air gas but it has an internal skeleton . This greater rigidity allows dirigible airships to carry larger payloads than blimps . See pictures of airships through the ages . " While the Hindenburg crash dented public confidence in the dirigible airship concept , the principal cause of the disaster was n't bad design but propaganda . The Germans were desperate to show off their technical achievement . But the United States , the world 's primary supplier of the inert gas helium  which was used to inflate and lift the airships  , had imposed a military embargo on the gas . So the Hindenburg was filled with the massively explosive gas , hydrogen . And it exploded . Massively . In recent years the concept of the dirigible airship has been reevaluated because of the environmental need to find lower-carbon methods of freight transportation ; and the military and humanitarian need to deliver supplies to remote locations not served by airports . One failed attempt to resuscitate the airship content came from the German company Cargolifter AG in the mid 1990s . It planned a large airship , the CL160 , to be used as a transporter for large and heavy loads . A giant hangar , one of the world 's largest structures , was built in Brand , near Berlin in Germany , for storage and manufacture of these giant craft . But Cargolifter became insolvent in 2002 . The hangar was sold for a fraction of its construction cost and now houses an indoor water park . In 2005 the Aeros corporation of Montebello , CA . resurrected the airship concept . Responding to the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency  DARPA  's "  Walrus " program the company was given a $ 3.2 million grant to develop : "  a very large airlift vehicle concept designed to control lift in all stages of air or ground operations including the ability to off-load payload without taking on-board ballast other than surrounding air . " What distinguishes a "  Walrus " craft from a Hindenberg-style airship is that it would not be lighter than air . Rather it would generate lift from a combination of aerodynamics , propellors and gas buoyancy . This would allow for a quicker descent without the expulsion of lift gas , for instance . DARPA terminated the Walrus program but Aeros is continuing to develop the technology with a view to creating an enormous civil airship utilizing a glass-fiber and carbon-fibre semi-monocoque envelope structure . The planned Aeroscraft ML866 could be the next generation of corporate transportation . With more than 465 square meters  5000 square feet  of interior floor space , the ML866 's interior could house a floating boardroom or an opulent flying home . Because it would be flying at a lower altitude than a passenger jet  6,000 to 12,000 feet , as opposed to 25,000 to 35,000 feet  the cabin would not be pressurized . The technological legacy of the Walrus program is the COSH  control of structural heaviness  system . By compressing and decompressing stored helium , the aircraft can become lighter for take-off and heavier for landing . If Aeros secure funding to develop the ML866 , it would be offered with a choice of turboprop engines  for either greater speed or heavier payload  . But could large airships supplement the role of large passenger aircraft ? Flight International 's technical reporter Rob Coppinger is skeptical : "  Whether it is cargo , corporate or mass transpiration I think the issues with airships are ; can -LSB- airships -RSB- carry enough people/cargo between two popular destinations and do it fast enough to carry a sufficient volume of cargo/people to generate enough revenue to pay for the development , certification and running costs ? "  I think if it were easy to financially justify , they would exist already . " Coppinger concedes , however , that airships could have potential military applications . Aeros plans to begin testing a non-rigid airship , the Aeros 40D , in 2008 to demonstrate the helium compression and decompression system . Production of a prototype Aeroscraft ML866 has begun , with a test flight planned for 2010 . ... . Are dirigibles just a load of hot air ? Would you travel by airship ? Share your views and read others ' thoughts in the Just Imagine forum .	Airship concept all-but abandoned after 1937 's Hindenburg disaster New-style airships will be heavier-than-air and use helium , not hydrogen Aeros hopes to have a prototype of its "  floating boardroom " flying in 2010
United Nations  CNN  -- We have all heard about the Arab Spring , the rapid change which swept through the streets of the Middle East and North Africa . In New York in March , there was a brief coincidental Security Council spring . 10 out of 15 nations approved a Security Council resolution endorsing a firm response to a crackdown in Libya . NATO bombing soon followed . I saw and felt a difference . U.N. diplomats and staff expressed confidence and hope that the international organization was finally going to make a difference by being unified and taking dramatic action to help citizens threatened by their own government . ` Horror story upon horror story in Syria ' Reporters were almost gleeful , dreaming that the slumbering global gang in New York would now be ready to move on and take action in other trouble spots . Alas , reality eventually set in . People call it the Libya hangover effect now . Despite months of a similar violent crackdown in Syria , there has not been a peep from the U.N. Security Council . Russia and China are getting their diplomatic revenge for the way the Libya resolution quickly turned into NATO bombing . They feel the resolution was over-interpreted . The two countries have veto power when it comes to U.N. voting at the Security Council so a Syria resolution pushed by the UK and France has stalled . Brazil 's foreign minister Antonio Patriota said concerns with the Libya resolution was "  influencing the way delegations look " at other resolutions , like Syria . It 's the way it is at the Council table . Whether its Myanmar or Zimbabwe , no matter the level of repression , several countries led by Russia and China feel it is not the U.N. 's role to get involved in each member country 's dilemma . "  The failure of the U.N. Security Council to act is a tragedy , " says Jamie Metzl of the Asia Society . He says China and Russia fear that if the Security Council feels empowered to address major human rights violations occurring around the world , eventually it could get around to Moscow and Beijing . Analysts feel Russia and China can hold out . Other diplomatic initiatives , usually on the Middle East , die on the vine at the U.N. as events change and distractions occur . So far resolution backers say they have the nine votes minimum required for a yes vote , but ca n't avoid the veto threat . Russia and China have Brics to throw in their defense too . BRIC countries Brazil and India join Russia and China in opposition . They fear a resolution would help to destabilize a key Middle East country . Resolution proponents hope to get at least 11 out of 15 countries to sign onto the resolution , then test the veto threat . But watching diplomats leave a discussion on the resolution last week said it all . The Europeans were glum , avoiding reporters ' eyes , while the Russian U.N. ambassador was confident , smiling and remarking "  no news is good news . " Of course , even those who want a resolution have to concede they are fighting for a text which will not dent President Bashar al-Assad 's regime . There is no threat of Libya-style military force or even sanctions . Some countries have imposed their own unilateral sanctions against Syria . A U.N. resolution though is the toughest international diplomatic law . "  We do think the Council has to act . . it 's simply sending a message , " said French U.N. Ambassador Gerard Araud . The resolution would demand an immediate end to the violence in Syria and condemn systematic human rights abuses . The proposed text calls on Syrian authorities to lift the siege of affected towns and provide reforms for political participation , inclusive dialogue and the exercising of political freedoms . "  The Security Council has failed to react to Syria which is both extraordinary and disappointing , " said Carne Ross , a former UK diplomat at the U.N. . He now recommends citizens go around the U.N. deadlock by using websites to highlight Syrian or other government repression , and encourage more boycotts of products from companies involved with "  problem " nations .	The U.N. authorized action in Libya swiftly but Syria has been a different story Russia and China are getting their diplomatic revenge ; they feel the Libya resolution was over-interpreted Other nations fear a Syria resolution would help to destabilize a key Middle East country Some countries are imposing their own unilateral sanctions against Syria
New York  CNN  -- The 24th piece in Banksy 's monthlong street art residency in New York City is in the Manhattan neighborhood of Hell 's Kitchen , on the garage door of Larry Flynt 's infamous strip joint : The Hustler Club . The famously anonymous British graffiti artist stenciled a man holding a bouquet of flowers . INTERACTIVE : Explore Banksy in New York "  Waiting in vain ... at the door of the club , " reads the text accompanying photos of the stencil posted on Banksy 's website . Every day this month , Banksy has been unveiling new works of art around New York . The works are then announced on his website and posted to Instagram . Many of the surprise exhibits follow his signature street-art style : stencils spray-painted on streets , walls of buildings and under bridges . Others include an animated YouTube video showing what appears to be footage of jihadist militants shooting down an animated Dumbo the Elephant and traveling installations , including a slaughterhouse delivery truck full of stuffed animals touring the city . Also produced are performance art pieces such as a dirt-smeared boy shining the shoes of a life-sized statue of Ronald McDonald . Many of Banksy 's pieces in The Big Apple do n't last long after they are located , either defaced by local graffiti artists who do n't like an outsider on their turf , or relocated and preserved to be sold to galleries and collectors by whomever owns the property Banksy happened to choose as his canvas . Opinion : Banksy 's insult shows he 's clueless about New York On Tuesday , Banksy created a 1/36 scale replica of the Great Sphinx of Giza made from smashed cinder blocks . A video posted to YouTube shows a team of men loading it into a truck , and the New York Post reported the owner of a nearby business moved the sculpture in response to a top-dollar bid to purchase the piece . Fans of the mysterious graffiti artist worried for him Wednesday , when a sign posted on his website reading only , "  Today 's art has been canceled due to police activity . " Banksy did n't explain . NYPD Detective Marc Nell told CNN that police were made aware of the artist 's statement when people called to ask about it , but they do n't know to what he was referring . The week before , New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg suggested Banksy is breaking the law with his guerrilla art exhibits . Annette Markowski , an NYPD public information officer , told CNN police have not launched an investigation of Banksy because they have not received any complaints of vandalism related to the artist . Banksy 's reputation was made on the streets of London , and he seems to have made his art all over -- from New Orleans on the third anniversary of Hurricane Katrina to the West Bank . But until the end of the month , the politically charged , controversial graffiti artist is expected to remain in New York City . Could the next Banksy come from Dubai ?	Two dozen Banksy originals dot New York City Many of the exhibits follow his signature street-art style Mayor Michael Bloomberg has criticized his works
CNN  -- Police say they believe they know who killed a 31-year-old Southern Illinois woman and her two young sons , but are waiting for prosecutors to build a strong forensic case against the suspect before disclosing his identity . Chris and Sheri Coleman are shown with their two boys , Garret and Gavin . "  We do n't have a warrant for his arrest at this time , so we do n't feel it would be prudent to give his name out until the state 's attorney determines whether or not there 's enough to charge him , " said Maj. Jeff Connor of the Major Case Squad . Connor heads the squad that is part of the St. Louis , Missouri , homicide task force . He made the comments during an appearance on HLN 's Nancy Grace . Police found the bodies of Sheri Coleman and the children , Garret , 11 , and Gavin , 9 , in the bedrooms of their two-floor home in the St. Louis suburb of Columbia , Illinois , on the morning of May 7 . Indications were they had been strangled . The killings shocked the suburb of about 10,000 residents . The Monroe County , Illinois , state 's attorney 's office is awaiting forensic test results , more interviews , documents and reports , according to the St. Louis Post Dispatch . Watch Nancy Grace on the case " Connor said threatening messages were found on the walls inside the home , but he would not disclose the exact wording . According to Connor , Christopher Coleman -- the boys ' father and Sheri Coleman 's husband -- left the house at 5:43 a.m. , and drove to a gym to work out . "  Shortly thereafter he started calling his house , realized that nobody was answering and on his way back at around 6:50 is when he made the phone call to the Columbia Police Department , " Connor said . Connor said Coleman told police he started calling his house shortly after leaving it because he "  was making sure the kids were getting up for school . "	Bodies of woman and her two children found in Southern Illinois home last week Police : State 's attorney to decide whether to file charges against certain person Threatening messages found on the walls inside the home , police say Woman 's husband says he left home for gym before slayings , police say
Jerusalem  CNN  -- The Israeli Embassy in Amman on Thursday sent home all but a skeleton staff due to security considerations , an Israeli Foreign Ministry official told CNN . The official , who asked not to be identified in keeping with diplomatic protocol , said the staffers typically travel from Amman to Israel every Friday and Saturday . They were sent home a day early this week after last week 's ransacking of the Israeli Embassy in Cairo by protesters and plans for anti-Israel protests this week in Amman . The turnout for Thursday 's demonstration in the Jordanian capital , however , was small . The full embassy staff is expected to return Sunday to work in Amman . Anti-Israel demonstrations have been taking place in Amman for the past several weeks . One group , called "  Million Man March to Close the Israeli Embassy in Jordan , " has more than 3,000 members on its Facebook page . The group 's motto is : "  No Zionist embassy on Jordanian land . " The main group calling for the protests seems to be an organization called Jamee al-Kalouti , or JAK . Dozens of its members have protested at the embassy every Thursday for years to denounce Jordan 's ties with Israel . The group calls for the expulsion of the ambassador and annulment of the 1994 peace treaty that established diplomatic relations between Jordan and Israel . Eyewitnesses reported that security was increased around the already-fortified embassy in the western part of Amman in anticipation of the protest . More than half of Jordan 's 6.5 million residents are of Palestinian origin . In Cairo on September 9 , an estimated 3,000 Egyptian protesters tore down a wall surrounding the building that houses the Israeli Embassy there and entered its offices , tossing papers bearing Hebrew writing from the windows and into the streets . An Egyptian commander at the embassy told CNN that security personnel were ordered to avoid confrontations with protesters , who cheered the embassy 's demolition and chanted calls for the ouster of Israel 's ambassador to Egypt . However , the Egyptian Health Ministry told the state-sponsored Al-Ahram newspaper that three people were killed and more than 1,000 injured in clashes between security forces and demonstrators . Amnesty International said 130 people were arrested . Egypt 's military leaders promised the following day to re-establish order . Officials reactivated the country 's emergency law , according to Mohamed Hegazy , spokesman for the prime minister . The government also vowed to try those responsible for the attack on the Israeli Embassy , which pushed Israel to withdraw its diplomatic personnel from Egypt , Hegazy said . Amnesty International warned of the consequences of the expanded emergency law , calling it "  the greatest erosion of human rights since the resignation of President Hosni Mubarak earlier this year . " Egyptians have been angry about the killing last month of five Egyptian police officers by Israeli soldiers when Israel went after militants who had attacked civilians near the Israeli-Egyptian border . Since the revolution that ousted Mubarak in February , many Egyptians have taken to the streets to call for the end of diplomatic relations with the Jewish state . After the incident , Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said Israel will stick to its 1979 peace agreement with Egypt . CNN 's Jomana Karadsheh and journalist Amy Hybels contributed to this report .	NEW : Turnout at the protest is small The protest group 's motto is "  No Zionist embassy on Jordanian land " The move comes a day early in anticipation of an anti-Israeli protest All but a skeleton staff has been sent home from the embassy
Rustenburg , South Africa  CNN  -- One of the world 's largest platinum mines in back is operation after a strike , its owner announced Monday , following police violence last week that left 34 workers dead . But production levels are "  insignificant , " Lonmin executive vice president Mark Munroe said at a news conference after the announcement . "  To all intents and purposes , we are not producing ore , " he said , acknowledging that the company will not meet platinum production targets for the year . The mood at the mine was "  stable but tense " Monday , police said , after a strike over pay that has been marked by terrible violence . About 3,000 drillers and assistant drillers at the mine in South Africa went on strike on August 10 . The miners , who earn $ 300 to $ 500 a month , want their salaries raised to $ 1,500 a month . Lonmin , the world 's third-largest producer of platinum , said no to the increase and called the strike illegal . Almost a third of the workers at the Lonmin mine came to work Monday , the company-imposed deadline for strikers to return to their jobs . Munroe , the company executive , said Lonmin believed that most of the workers who stayed away had been intimidated , not because they were on strike . The company withdrew a threat to fire workers who did not come to work Monday , it said , following meetings with union representatives , and gave the striking workers an extra day to return . Last week , police fired on striking miners , killing 34 workers and wounding 78 . They also arrested 259 on various charges , including malicious damage to property , armed robbery , illegal gathering and possession of weapons . Police Commissioner Riah Phiyega has said police "  were forced to utilize maximum force to defend themselves . " An executive with the Solidarity union Monday blamed violent protests at the mine on "  opportunists " exploiting the strike . "  The protestors ' violent behavior , the brutal murders of innocent people and the use of witch doctors and traditional murder weapons rather indicate a political motivation and opportunistic positioning instead of an attempt to negotiate a solution , " said Gideon du Plessis , deputy general secretary of Solidarity . The striking rock drill operators belong to another union called AMCU . Lonmin said Sunday it was telling nonstriking workers that "  police consider it safe to report for duty again " Monday morning and was ordering strikers to go back to work or face possible dismissals . Facing the ultimatum , one South African drill operator told CNN that he and his co-workers should honor their slain colleagues and hold out for a pay increase . "  Otherwise , they will have died in vain , " Cingisile Makhaba said Sunday . Cyril Ramaphosa , an African National Congress executive committee member who owns shares in the mine , is donating $ 250,000 to pay for the funerals of those killed last week . But Makhaba said the money is "  of no use now . It wo n't bring back the dead . " "  Where is this money coming from ? " he asked . "  They should have used it to increase our wages . " Makhaba lives with his two children in a compound of one-room shacks he shares with eight other families . "  We work hard , but we live like animals , " he said . Over the weekend , thousands of people gathered outside the platinum mine in anger over the shooting . The situation was calm but tense as police stood near the protest Saturday and helicopters conducted surveillance . The tragedy began unfolding a week ago when miners went on strike demanding pay increases at the mine in Marikana , near Rustenburg , about two hours northwest of Johannesburg . "  When there is a rock fall , it is generally the drillers who are the victims , " wrote journalist Greg Marinovich in the Daily Maverick newspaper . "  It is the most dangerous job in the business . " The violence is thought to have been sparked by a rivalry between two unions that wield a lot of power and influence in South Africa . The unions , accused of trying to outdo each other in negotiating wages , denied instigating the clashes . Tensions at Marikana had mounted throughout the week . The striking miners carried traditional panga machetes and gathered Thursday around a small hill . By then , at least 10 other people were dead from incidents that had occurred in the days before . Among them were two police officers who were hacked to death . Journalists who were at Marikana said police seemed to be fed up with the miners and determined to resolve the issue . "  Yesterday the police were clear that today we are going to disarm them and remove them from the hill because the gathering is illegal , " Xolile Mngambi , a reporter for CNN affiliate ETV , said Friday . By Thursday afternoon , another round of negotiations among the striking miners , the unions and Lonmin had failed . A heavily armed police tactical response team moved in to disperse the miners . To hear Phiyega , the police commissioner , describe it , the police weighed all their options and decided to fence in the miners with barbed wire -- to compartmentalize them into more manageable groups . "  The armed protesters moved toward the police , " she said . "  They were driven back with tear gas and rubber bullets . But when they fired , police used maximum force . " But journalists at the scene could not say whether the protesters fired first . "  We can not say to you the police were provoked , " Mngambi said . Then , police unleashed a barrage of gunfire . One witness said it went on for three minutes .	NEW : The Lonmin mine is not producing ore , an executive vice president says The owner gives striking workers another day to come back to their jobs A miner says he and his co-workers should stay on strike to honor dead colleagues 44 people have been killed in violence at the mine , including 34 by police Thursday
London  CNN  -- The looting of a large collection of priceless coins , statues and jewelry from a bank vault during Libya 's recent civil war has highlighted the risk of looting during times of conflict . Interpol is hunting for the hoard of Roman and Hellenistic objects -- dubbed the "  Benghazi Treasure " -- stolen from the city 's Commercial Bank in May 2011 . But the theft is not an isolated incident . According to UNESCO 's Assistant Director-General for Culture Francesco Bandarin , the looting of antiquities and archaeological sites occurs regularly during times of conflict and even during peacetime . It is a problem that the UN agency is constantly battling . "  In the present moment it is difficult for us to do much because the situation is still very precarious , there is no administration in place in -LSB- Libya -RSB- , there are difficulties in communicating , " said Bandarin . Bandarin 's main fear is that the "  Benghazi Treasure " will be dispersed or , worse , in the case of the coins , melted down and sold . The thieves reportedly drilled through the concrete ceiling of the bank vault to reach the coins and took only the most valuable items . "  It looks targeted and well-planned , they knew what they were doing , " said Dr. Hafed Walda , a Libyan-born archaeologist and research fellow at King 's College , London . Few records of the treasure survive , making it even more difficult to locate , though experts believe the collection contained ancient coins excavated from Cyrenaica in Eastern Libya , as well as statues and some jewelry dating from later periods . Rumors that artifacts from the collection have surfaced in Egypt and in Tripoli are unconfirmed , and the race to find the treasure is ongoing . So what can be done to prevent such thefts occurring in future and how to retrieve stolen items ? "  We have very different outcomes with these things , " admitted Bandarin . "  The recovery of objects stolen from the museum in Baghdad -LSB- during the U.S.-led invasion in 2003 -RSB- was relatively successful , most of the things were returned but this one is high risk , " he said . Authorities have some tools at their disposal : The 1970 Convention on the Means of Prohibiting and Preventing the Illicit Import , Export and Transfer of Ownership of Cultural Property , and the 1954 Convention for the Protection of Cultural Property in the Event of Armed Conflict . In the case of Libya , precise co-ordinates for major sites of archaeological interest were given to NATO so that they could avoid them during bombing raids . But it is the theft of antiquities and their eventual sale that worries Bandarin most . "  It remains the fourth or fifth biggest criminal industry in the world , " he said of the illegal trade , adding that countries with volatile governments tend to be most at risk . Paul Bennett is head of British mission "  The Society for Libyan Studies , " which promotes and co-ordinates the activities of scholars working on the archaeology , history , linguistics and natural history of Libya . "  It is certain that there are organized bands of antiquities thieves going across the border into Egypt , " he said , citing reports of grave robbing in sites in Libya . "  The problem is on the border -LSB- with Egypt -RSB- , it 's become very porous . We need to see far more collaboration going on between the border patrols to stop the illicit trade in antiquities , " he said . "  We do have to mobilize the Egyptians because clearly , the treasure has gone through Egypt , as that is the closest border , " said Bandarin . "  But even Egypt is not in the best position to help right now , " he continued . Awareness of the problem of cultural crimes is one of the biggest challenges UNESCO faces . "  It 's considered less of a crime , for reasons I do n't understand , " agreed Bandarin . He hopes UNESCO will one day be as successful in combating the trade as his colleagues at the Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species  CITES  . "  They are extremely effective , there is almost a mass consciousness about  the protection of endangered animals  and that 's not the case with us , " he said . But while the theft of the "  Benghazi Treasure " signifies a devastating loss , Libyans are credited with doing much to protect their treasures since the fighting erupted . "  Throughout the conflict , locals did an enormous amount to keep their heritage safe , standing guard at sites and museums , " said Bennett . "  They put themselves at risk and if it had n't been for them , it would have been a lot worse , " he continued . As for the missing "  Benghazi Treasure , " it remains for auction houses and customs offices around the world to be extra vigilant . UNESCO and Interpol will do what they can to make the issue more visible , said Bandarin . The task is now for Libya to create a strong cultural administration to keep its treasures safe .	Interpol hunting for looted "  Benghazi Treasure , " cache of objects , ancient Roman and Greek coins Theft highlights problem of looting of artifacts during times of conflict Illicit antiquities trade is one of the biggest criminal industries in the world
Editor 's note : Leonard Pitts Jr. , a columnist for The Miami Herald , won the 2004 Pulitzer Prize for commentary and is the author of a new novel , "  Before I Forget " and "  Becoming Dad : Black Men and the Journey to Fatherhood . " Leonard Pitts says we know what it takes to improve the performance of African-American students . CNN  -- Back in 1972 , on an episode of "  All in the Family , " Gloria posed the following riddle to Archie and Meathead . Father and son go driving . There 's an accident . The father is killed instantly , the son is rushed to the hospital for emergency surgery . The surgeon walks in , takes one look at the patient and says , "  I ca n't operate on this boy . He 's my son . " The answer to the apparent paradox eluded Archie , Meathead and the guys down at Kelsey 's bar for the balance of the half hour . They floated theories involving stepfathers , sons-in-law , priests , adoptions and returns from the dead . All of which Archie apparently found more believable than the true answer which was , of course , that the surgeon was the boy 's mother . "  If that 's the answer , " he spouted , "  that 's the dumbest riddle I ever hoid ! " Thirty-seven years later it is , perhaps , difficult to appreciate why this riddle ever was a riddle , how so apparent an answer could have stymied Archie , Meathead and , I would wager , the vast majority of the viewing audience . The riddle speaks volumes not just about how the world has changed in four decades , but also about how unconscious expectations can blind us to the obvious . In 1972 , one expected a man when one heard the word "  surgeon . " Much as , in 2009 , one expects a white kid when one hears the word "  scholar . " People will deny this , will say all the right and politic things . But the disclaimers will be as thin and transparent as Saran Wrap . Black , white and otherwise , we are all socialized by the same forces and all carry , by and large , the same unconscious assumptions . One of which is that a certain level of achievement is black and another is white . This is what you are hearing when a black kid speaks standard English and another black kid chides him for "  talking white . " This is what George W. Bush was alluding to when he decried "  the soft bigotry of low expectations . " And this is what we need to address forthrightly if we ever hope to close the so-called achievement gap that looms between black kids and white ones . In 2007 and 2008 , I traveled the country for a series of columns called "  What Works , " aimed at profiling programs that addressed that gap . I traveled between big programs and small ones , from the Harlem Children 's Zone , which encompasses 90 square blocks of holistic education , family counseling , medical care and tutoring in New York City , to the Freedom Project in Sunflower County , Mississippi , which offers field trips , martial arts and academic enrichment in a rural county where the median income is $ 25,000 a year and the teen pregnancy rate is said to be 25 percent . I toured Self Enhancement Inc. in Portland , Oregon , a KIPP  Knowledge is Power Program  School in Gaston , North Carolina , the East Lake Foundation in Atlanta , Georgia , and many others . In all these places , I saw black kids -- well-spoken , clean-cut and noon-sun bright -- making a lie out of other peoples ' expectations . Over the course of 13 months , common themes began to emerge whenever I would ask why kids such as these were doing such wondrous work in these places and substandard work elsewhere . We have more power to fire bad teachers and reward good ones , they said . We require parental involvement . We have a longer school day and a longer school year . We mentor children that need it . We counsel children and families that need it . We are invested in them and make sure they know it . Most of all , they spoke of the simple power of expectation : making it a conscious point to look for greatness in black kids in whom people had not thought to look for it before . What I came to understand in those interviews is that we already know the secret to improving academic performance for African-American children . What is missing is the will to do so . And that , I think , is because where they are concerned , we have other expectations . I asked Geoffrey Canada , founder of the Harlem Children 's Zone , how he justifies asking for money to uplift poor kids in Harlem . His response struck me : "  Someone 's yelling at me because I 'm spending $ 3,500 a year on ` Alfred . ' ` Alfred ' is 8 . OK , Alfred turns 18 . No one thinks anything about locking him up for 10 years at $ 60,000 a year . " But then , we expect Alfred to be locked up , do n't we ? Expect it so blithely that we will not challenge the expectation even when it works against our own economic self-interest . Canada , after all , presents a rather stark choice : invest a smaller amount early and produce a citizen who pays taxes and contributes to the system or pay a much larger amount later for the upkeep of a citizen who consumes tax monies and contributes nothing . That we consistently choose the latter says something about how we assess the educability , the salvageability , of African-American kids . Thirteen months of interviewing young scholars left me more impatient than ever with a culture that writes off black kids because they are black kids . Somewhere between the 13-year-old in rural Mississippi who wants to go to Harvard and the second-graders in Harlem studying Vincent Van Gogh , I ceased being surprised and started being angry that what I saw was still the exception and not the rule . Everywhere I went , there were black kids excelling . And at some point , you say to yourself : well , of course . What did you expect ? The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Leonard Pitts Jr. .	Leonard Pitts Jr. : Unconscious expectations can blind us to the obvious He says many people expect black students to perform more poorly Programs have demonstrated that investing in children 's education pays off Pitts : We already know secret to improve performance , but do we have will to do it ?
CNN  -- The taste of success is sweet for Maria Sharapova -- in more ways than one . The Russian tennis star is focused on completing a coveted career grand slam of titles at the French Open starting next week , but she already has plans for her next off-court project . The 25-year-old is the world 's highest-paid female athlete due to her top-end endorsement deals , according to Forbes magazine , and she has another lucrative sideline in the works . Having already designed clothes for Nike and luxury label Cole Haan among her projects , Sharapova is planning to release a line of confectionery called "  Sugarpova . " "  I 'm doing everything . The branding and all the shapes of the candy and the gummy-bears , " she told CNN 's Open Court . "  And it is going to launch before the U.S. Open  in September  , fingers crossed , so that is my next project . " Sharapova is big business , and she takes it seriously . "  It 's such a different type of work to being a tennis player , working with consumers and understanding what people buy , trend reports , what 's in and what 's out , whether it 's something that is going to last for years , " she said . "  I look at it as something that is fun for me , that is creative for me , the thought process of seeing something that is on paper or just an idea . You 're traveling and you see somebody wear a cross-body bag and you 're like , ` Wow I love the handle on that , ' and something clicks and you put it on paper and a year later you see it in the stores for people to buy . "  I am just fascinated by that , I think it is an amazing process and I 've been so fortunate to work with so many great people that teach me so much about different things . I am not a designer , I never went to school for it , but I love being creative and I love learning and understanding what works and what does n't work . " That attention to detail has also helped put Sharapova in a position to join an exclusive club of nine tennis players who have won all four grand slam titles , known as a "  career slam , " having resurrected her fortunes in recent years after a serious shoulder injury . Despite having once described herself as "  a cow on ice " on clay , Sharapova has improved her game on the surface to the point where the world No. 2 is now a top contender to win the French Open and add to her Wimbledon , U.S. Open and Australian Open crowns . Last year she reached the semifinals at Roland Garros for the second time , and she already has two tournament wins on red dirt under her belt this season after retaining the Italian Open title last weekend . "  The French Open is always a big goal of mine because I have always said it is going to be the most challenging grand slam for me to win , " she said . "  Whether it was when I called myself that cow on ice or whatever it was , but if I go there and play well and physically , I feel healthy and I feel great . There is no reason I ca n't win it . "  I 've been in a couple of semifinals , I believe , last year as well . So , it 's really about  whether  I put myself in that position and win it . I believe in that definitely . " Sharapova has suffered just one defeat on clay all season -- to Serena Williams in the final of the Madrid Open -- and is coming into form at the right time . But despite her fluency on court in the past few weeks she revealed just how taxing the transition from hard courts to the much slower clay surface is every year . "  The first few days on clay are brutal , especially with the practices ; you 're just getting your footwork down and the movement , " she said . "  It 's so frustrating . I never crack rackets but those first few days I crack rackets all the time . I 'm like ` Get me extra rackets ! ' "  Over the years I think the key for me is being physically stronger , where I have been able to play a match whether it 's three sets or two tough sets and recover for the next day . "  In Europe one of the challenges you have is in one week you could be playing five , six matches a week then you have the next tournament coming up then a week off , then you have a grand slam . "  The physical aspect of all that and mentally understanding that your body has to be ready for all those matches in a short period of time on clay has always been tough for me . "  I have always recovered so much better and I move a lot better on it , so yeah it 's nicer , less rackets cracked ! " The women often suffer from comparisons to the men , with the exploits of Novak Djokovic , Rafael Nadal and Roger Federer cementing this as a golden age of competition in the male arena . But Sharapova insists the women 's game is on an upward curve , with players like Victoria Azarenka , Petra Kvitova and Serena Williams battling it out for major honors , and a new generation of talented youngsters snapping at their heels . "  The level of the game from the first round that you play at a women 's event is so much higher than you would see five , 10 years ago , " she explained . "  I kind of felt that I 'd come to a tournament , take the first few matches and see it as a warmup , in a way . Everyone in the press was saying why is it always 6-1 6-0 6-2 ? But now you do n't see that very often . "  You could be facing someone in the first round that is maybe not as consistent but they are experienced , they have beaten top players before and it 's difficult . "  I think that is why you see so much more attendances from the beginning of the week higher than you saw years ago . " Despite perching on the shoulder of history , Sharapova insists such landmarks do not dominate her every thought , though a newfound dedication to her profession was brought into sharp focus due to a serious injury . "  I 've played tennis since I was four years old and when you 're in a match situation -- you could be losing or you 're winning -- there are so many emotions that go into that , " she said . "  Even when I was away from the game for nine months with shoulder surgery and trying to get back , I never , never ever felt that . "  There were so many things I did off the court , just great experiences , wonderful people , I got to work on amazing projects but nothing gave me that feeling of being in those positions where I had to pull out of a match when I was losing . "  When I  had to close it out when I did n't expect myself to win , it was such an adrenaline rush that you do n't get in many things in life . "  Whether it 's playing some small tournament in a small city in front of 2,000 people or whether it 's the finals of Wimbledon where you have an amazing crowd and all that history behind it , it is really at the end of the day trying to make yourself better . "	Maria Sharapova plans to branch out with another business venture this year Russian is working on a new line of confectionery to be called "  Sugarpova " On the court , the 25-year-old is determined to win the French Open She can complete a career grand slam on clay at Roland Garros
CNN  -- Director Werner Herzog has won countless film awards . His works , including "  Aguirre : The Wrath of God , " "  Fitzcarraldo " and "  Grizzly Man , " are considered classics . He 's been recognized for his artistic passion , his eccentricities  he once ate a shoe after losing a bet  and his disdain for many aspects of commercialism . So why is Herzog doing a public-service documentary on the perils of texting and driving ? Sponsored by a consortium of cellular carriers , no less ? Why , the man does n't even own a cell phone . But he looks at the statistics for texting-while-driving incidents -- as well as our smartphone obsession and its cost in simple human contact -- and recognizes the necessity of saying something . "  I immediately understood there was something very , very important  about the subject  , " he said via Skype from Switzerland . Herzog 's new work , a short film called "  From One Second to the Next , " premiered last week online . Sponsored by It Can Wait , a driver-safety campaign launched by AT&T in 2009 that now includes T-Mobile , Sprint and Verizon Wireless , it 's received more than 1.7 million views on YouTube and will be distributed to more than 40,000 high schools in the coming months . The film chronicles the impact of four incidents in which texting and driving led to catastrophic injury or death . The first left a Milwaukee child , Xzavier , a paraplegic after he was hit by a driver who ran a stop sign . The second is about an Indiana man , Chandler , who rear-ended a horse-driven buggy and killed three members of an Amish family . The third profiles a brain-damaged Vermont woman , Debbie , hit while walking her dog . The film concludes with a Utah man , Reggie , whose distracted driving caused a chain reaction that left two men dead and a third severely injured . Each story has the kinds of small , wrenching details that Herzog , in typical style , underplays . Xzavier 's mother says she sleeps on the couch , listening for changes in the rhythm of her boy 's ventilator . Debbie 's family says her chocolate Lab was thrown through the air , knocked down a distant mailbox and -- before he died -- wagged his tail as Debbie was placed in the ambulance . The men whose text-checking led to tragedy sit on roadsides , pondering the moment their lives changed . But Herzog points to another incident , one that did n't make the film , as representative of the problem . A young man , while texting his girlfriend , hit a boy on a bicycle . The boy died ; the man is now in prison . "  The young man was texting with his girlfriend , and the girlfriend was right next to him , " Herzog said . "  In the same car . " ' A powerful storyteller ' Herzog admits he 's an unlikely choice to direct such a film . Unlike some of his colleagues , he does n't do commercials , and his subject matter is famously varied , whether it 's French cave drawings or a lone air-crash survivor . But Michelle Kuckelman , AT&T 's executive director for integrated brand marketing , says Herzog made sense . He was approached through the firm 's ad agency , BBDO New York . "  He 's really such a powerful storyteller . He does a great job of bringing to life the juxtaposition of an insignificant text with a very dire and significant consequence , " she said . That 's been part of It Can Wait 's goal since it started four years ago . The program is aimed at teens and adults from 16 to 25 , people who text frequently but are inexperienced drivers , says Kuckelman . It 's not just the kids who can benefit , though . An AT&T survey in March indicated that adults text and drive more than teenagers do -- even though they know it 's wrong . It 's a tough point to bring home . CNN comments on that story varied between finger-wagging and shrugs , with neither side willing to concede . "  Jail time , I say ... give 'em jail time . Period , " said Tucker70 . "  It is possible to safely text and drive , but they would prefer to use paranoia and misinformation to push their agenda , " retorted Mister Jones . Herzog 's documentary , with its intimate , raw interviews , delicate music and frequent silences , may seem a poor prod to get texting drivers to change their ways . A UK PSA that begins with a terrifying car crash and a goodly share of gore  discretion advised  may seem more effective , a modern-day version of the old drivers-ed film "  Signal 30 . " But Herzog believes his style is more effective . "  In this case what immediately connected to audiences , younger audiences , was the kind of deep insight , the interior appearance of the catastrophes , " he said . "  I do n't need to show any gore , blood or car wrecks . " AT&T 's research backs him up , says Kuckelman . ` I 'm very glad I did this ' Laws regarding texting and driving are uneven . In most states , the practice is banned , but the punishments vary greatly . In "  From One Second to the Next , " the Vermont driver who hurt Debbie received a 30-day jail term and some community service ; her insurance company paid $ 50,000 , though Debbie 's medical bills topped $ 1 million . Herzog hopes the film prompts stronger legislation , but he 's bluntly realistic about the possibilities . "  What 's more important than legislation is awareness , " he said . "  You ca n't legislate stupidity . " Awareness , at least , is high , particularly thanks to the director . The New York Times , referencing the film , ran an editorial on texting and driving Thursday ; a broad range of media outlets including Fast Company , Slate , the Huffington Post and Gizmodo have featured the documentary in articles . Grantland 's Steven Hyden called it "  the greatest and most disturbing driver 's ed movie of all time . " Herzog , whose films generally fare better with critics than the box office , seems a little dazed at the attention . "  It has shown that real filmmaking somehow connects to an unbelievable amount of people in a very quick period of time , " he said . "  It 's going through the roof . I 'm very glad I did this . " But it 's the idea of reaching even one young driver that really moves him . "  One single accident less , and I have done the right thing , " he said . He mentions an e-mail he received from a 15-year-old girl who watched "  From One Second to the Next " and immediately had a talk with her mother . "  She wrote ,  ' I sat my mother down and told her , you are texting and driving . You are not going to do that anymore . Not when you take me to school , ' " he said . "  And the mother stopped it . So the signals are good . "	Director Werner Herzog has made a PSA about texting and driving The 35-minute film showcases four incidents that ended in tragedy Herzog was an unlikely choice , but he 's glad he took the chance
Congressional Democrats revealed new documents on Friday indicating the Internal Revenue Service subjected both liberal and conservative organizations to additional tax scrutiny in recent years , raising new questions about assertions of unfair politically based targeting . Maryland Rep. Elijah Cummings , the top Democrat on the House committee investigating the matter , asked his GOP counterpart to summon the Treasury Department 's chief investigator , J. Russell George , to a panel hearing scheduled for next Thursday . "  Given the new documents obtained by the committee ... I believe it is necessary to call  George  back before the committee to explain why he failed to disclose this critical information , " Cummings wrote in a letter to California Rep. Darrell Issa , the chairman of the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee . Cummings blasted the behavior of George and Issa , arguing that the IRS probe "  has been characterized by one-sided and partial information leading to unsubstantiated accusations with no basis in fact . " Issa and other Republicans have insisted for months that after President Barack Obama was first elected , the IRS started unfairly targeting conservative outfits seeking tax-exempt status . Conservative group takes IRS , top Obama officials to court Cummings and his fellow Democrats argue the IRS improperly scrutinized groups on both the left and right as part of a clumsy attempt to administer vague election-related tax laws . Among other things , Cummings on Friday released slides from a July 2010 workshop PowerPoint presentation instructing IRS agents to watch for organizations with names like "  Tea Party , " "  Patriots , " "  9/12 Project , " and "  Progressive . " One of the slides shows a picture of an elephant and a donkey -- the symbols of the Republican and Democratic parties . Another slide notes a concern that the activities of such groups "  may be more than 50 % political , " thereby ruling out the possibility of tax-exempt status under current law . ` Angry ' Obama announces IRS leader 's ouster Notes from the workshop indicated that "  if in doubt , " IRS staff should "  err on the side of caution " and transfer cases to "  7822 , " the IRS office in Cincinnati responsible for reviewing applications for tax-exempt status . The word "  progressive " was again cited as an organization name that should trigger a review . Cummings also revealed a May 2013 e-mail from George 's deputy noting that 5,500 internal IRS e-mails were reviewed as part of an effort to discover any directing of staff to target "  Tea Party and other political organizations , " as well as any subsequent coverup . "  There was a Be On the Lookout  BOLO  list specifically naming these groups , " the deputy inspector general 's e-mail notes . "  However , the e-mails indicated the organizations needed to be pulled because the IRS employees were not sure how to process them , not because they wanted to stall or hinder the application . " The deputy 's e-mail goes on to stress that "  there was no indication that pulling these selected applications was politically motivated . " In his letter to Issa , Cummings said , "  It is unclear why Mr. George failed to disclose this significant information to Congress . " A report released by George 's office in May indicated that lax oversight at the IRS allowed for the singling out of some conservative groups . George subsequently testified that he could not specifically identify whether any liberal groups were similarly targeted . "  This new information underscores the fact that the Treasury inspector general 's audit was fundamentally flawed and created widespread misperceptions that Republicans seized on in an effort to attack the White House , " said Michigan Rep. Sander Levin , another top House Democrat . "  It is now all the more important that Inspector General George return to Congress to explain his glaring omissions and reasons for releasing a highly misleading report . " A spokesman for Issa , however , drew a different conclusion , highlighting the fact that the workshop minutes noted that an IRS "  Tea Party Coordinator/Reviewer " said that ` Progressive ' applications are not considered ` Tea Parties . ' " "  These documents , once again , refute misleading attempts to equate routine scrutiny of other groups involved in advocacy to the systematic scrutiny of Tea Party groups by IRS officials , " spokesman Ali Ahmed told CNN . "  As has been documented , while 100 % of Tea Party applications were systematically stopped and scrutinized for a 27-month period , at the same time dozens of progressive applications were approved by the IRS , " Ahmed said , referencing a June 26 letter from George to Levin . In a statement released Wednesday , Issa said , "  IRS officials have told committee investigators that they understood Tea Party applications were being isolated from other cases and subjected to extra scrutiny to ensure fair , efficient , and consistent treatment . " "  The evidence gathered in this investigation makes clear that had Washington IRS officials simply kept their hands off these cases and allowed employees in the Cincinnati office to process applications independently , instead of facing excessive delays , these cases would have been processed just like other advocacy cases , " he concluded .	Democratic Rep. Elijah Cummings releases documents showing IRS targeted liberal groups July 2010 IRS PowerPoint slide includes word "  progressive " May 2013 e-mail says no indication of politically motivated targeting Spokesman for GOP Rep. Darrell Issa says conservatives received extra IRS scrutiny
CNN  -- Egyptian army chief Abdel Fattah El-Sisi announced Wednesday that he would resign and declared his candidacy in national elections that are expected later this year . Defense Minister El-Sisi , 59 , must leave the army to run for president . He made the announcement on national TV . "  These recent years of our nation 's history have conclusively shown that no one can become president of Egypt against the will of the people or short of their support . Never can anyone force Egyptians to vote for a president they do not want . "  Therefore , I am here before you humbly stating my intention to run for the presidency of the Arab Republic of Egypt ... Only your support will grant me this great honor , " he said . In the wake of the announcement , the office of Interim President Adly Mansour said that he had promoted the chief of staff of Egypt 's armed forces , Lt. Gen. Sedki Sobhi , to the rank of first lieutenant general . The state-run Al-Ahram newspaper reported earlier that El-Sisi had met military leaders to tell them he was stepping down . Quoting a military source , Al-Ahram said the meeting would determine a successor to the field marshal . He is expected to submit his resignation to Mansour at a Cabinet meeting on Thursday , Al-Ahram said . Report : Egypt 's army-backed government resigns Army denies El-Sisi said he will run for president Editors ' Note : This article has been edited to remove plagiarized content after CNN discovered multiple instances of plagiarism by Marie-Louise Gumuchian , a former CNN news editor . CNN 's Hamdi Alkhshali contributed to this report .	NEW : Chief of staff of Egypt 's armed forces , Lt. Gen. Sedki Sobhi , is promoted Police clash with protesters at Cairo University Egyptian army chief , also the defense minister , meets military leaders El-Sisi deposed President Mohamed Morsy of the Muslim Brotherhood
Paris , France  CNN  -- When France 's Economy Minister Arnaud Montebourg was quoted in French daily newspaper Le Monde over the weekend attacking the economic policies of his very own government , he knew what he was doing : Pulling the pin out of a grenade . And he certainly seemed to have no regrets . France 's Prime Minister Manuel Valls , appointed 147 days ago after President FranÃ § ois Hollande 's Socialist Party took a severe beating in local elections , was not going to take such overt rebellion kindly . "  It 's me or him , " he is reported to have told Hollande . On Monday morning , the whole French government presented its resignation and Valls was immediately asked to form a new cabinet . Apparently savoring the effects of his political sortie , the cocky Montebourg , in a televised address from the ministry of the economy , said that he would follow into the steps of Cincinnatus , a kind of gentleman farmer Roman senator , who in 500 BC came to represent civic virtue for his modesty and restraint . Cincinnatus was also known for his beautiful curly mane , just like Arnaud Montebourg . Many observers were quick to point out that vanity , rather than political restraint , were probably what the French minister shared most with the great Roman senator . Why is the French government imploding and its members at loggerheads ? It 's the economy and it is ideological . Montebourg , at the left of the French Socialist Party , advocates the end of austerity measures that supposedly kill economic growth , while Valls , at the right of the French socialist party , as well as President Hollande who long dithered about what economic direction to take , both favor a more German approach , with policies focusing on reducing public deficits and corporate tax breaks . In fact , many people in France are asking why it took more than two years to get rid of Montebourg , whose histrionic style and interventionist mantra have made him more enemies than friends , especially in the business world . You may remember how he lectured French and foreign investors such as the Peugeot family and Lakshmi Mittal over their plans to scale down their activities in some of their French factories . Montebourg has been a thorn in the side of President Hollande ever since his appointment as minister , however he is also the symbol of Hollande 's confusing and mostly unreadable economic choices . When the French president finally decided back in March to reclaim some control over his unruly government , and to impose a new series of business-friendly measures , the appointment of Valls was seen as a coherent and strong sign that political and economic uncertainty had finally ended . However , Hollande insisted that his new prime minister keep Montebourg in government and give him the economy portfolio . As The Economist put it : "  Hollande calculated that the risk of a confusing economic policy was less high than that of having his firebrand left-winger sniping from the outside . " How wrong Hollande was . In fact , Hollande seems to have been governing France as if he was still leader of the Socialist Party , trying desperately and at all costs , to hold a divided family together . If such strategy can work for a political party , it may be disastrous when governing a country . To be president and to govern is to make clear choices . Since his arrival in power in May 2012 , Hollande has given the country the impression of playing it by ear , steering the wheel on the right or the left as events came along . This has certainly not proved popular . With an approval rating of barely 20 % , Hollande is one of the most unpopular presidents of the Fifth Republic , founded in 1958 . Will the exit of the most rebellious socialists from the government be enough for the president and his prime minister to restore some credibility and be able to implement at last a string of pro-Business measures ? If this heralds the end of Hollande 's political contradictions , this will be most welcome . However , the new French government , which will be announced later today , will have to convince French MPs and be backed by a majority in Parliament . Montebourg and the anti-austerity crusaders within the socialist party may want to systematically hinder the government 's actions and force Hollande to dissolve parliament and call for new elections . However , this would not necessarily be good news for the opposition , as the French Right , shaken by a series of scandals , has almost disappeared from political debate . The facts remain that economically , France is not performing as well as expected . With unemployment at more than 10 % and two consecutive quarters without growth , France is not going to reach its deficit target of 3.8 % of GDP in 2014 . The French government must now decide what direction it wants to take and have the courage to stay the course . France is not performing in a vacuum and Hollande 's ability to work in tandem with its European partners , Germany in particular , will prove key to a much-needed coherence . In fact , as Brussels-based journalist Ian Traynor rightly points out : "  The turmoil in Paris presages more battles ahead in Brussels and between EU capitals as the existential crisis that was the euro emergency turns more political . " The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Agnes Poirier .	On Monday morning , the French government presented its resignation Economic and ideological reasons are behind the turmoil , Agnes Poirier says Many ask why it took so long to get rid of Economy Minister Arnaud Montebourg , she says Poirier : The French government must now decide what direction it wants to take
CNN  Francesco Schettino arrived in court ahead of his defense 's closing arguments in Grosseto , Italy , on Monday in a dark wool scarf after fighting off a weekend flu that kept him out of court last week . "  I had a high fever , " he told CNN during the coffee break at Monday 's trial . "  But I 'm better now . " Schettino , who was the captain of the Costa Concordia cruise ship when it crashed into the rocks off the Tuscan island of Giglio , in January 2012 , is facing 26 years in prison for charges of causing a maritime disaster , abandoning ship and multiple counts of manslaughter for the 32 people who lost their lives in the accident . A three-judge panel heard testimony from technical experts , passengers and crew members who were on the vessel at the time of the accident . During the 19-month trial , they also heard from the captain 's female guest on the cruise , Domnica Cermortan , a Moldovan dancer who testified under duress that she was in a romantic relationship with the captain and that she was with him on the bridge when the accident occurred . Schettino 's lead lawyer Domenico Pepe began his closing arguments on Monday by referring to the fact that the champagne bottle used to christen the ill-fated vessel when it was put into service in 2006 did not break . "  Everything about this ship and this process since then has been a mystery so far , " he said . Pepe then addressed each of the charges against the captain , starting with causing a shipwreck and maritime disaster . He repeated the accusation that because his helmsman Jacob Rusli Bin allegedly did not understand English -- a language he was required to speak -- when Schettino gave the orders to turn the ship away from the island , he , in fact , caused the accident , not Schettino . Rusli Bin was subpoenaed to testify , but his last known address was in Indonesia and he could not be forced to come to the court in Italy . Pepe said Schettino had been vilified from the moment the ship wrecked , and that the negative image has hurt his case . "  This man , the accused , " he said pointing to Schettino , "  was arrested immediately , he was prejudged as an assassin . " He then went on to criticize the prosecutor who referred to Schettino as an "  idiot " in his closing arguments last week . "  Schettino is a good man , " he said . "  He is not an idiot . " He then suggested that finding Schettino not guilty would actually be good for Italy 's image , somehow restoring it in the eyes of the world who have seen this case as an example of Italian ineptitude . Schettino 's defense has hinged in part on alleged malfunctions of the ship 's equipment and infrastructure , including claims that the ship had faulty watertight doors and generators , and that the elevators did not work when the ship was listing . "  Everything that did not work on the ship is part of the cause of the accident , " Pepe told the court . "  Lights did n't work . People fell into holes . Elevators got stuck . " These claims were hard to verify because much of the ship was immersed off the coast of Giglio for many months after the accident . Pepe tried to explain why his client left the ship ahead of so many passengers , part of the charge of abandoning ship . He used an elaborate graphic to illustrate the inclination of the ship at the time Schettino apparently lost his balance and fell into the lifeboat that took him to shore . He said that once on shore , Schettino was able to conduct the rescue operation and that he never lost control of the operation . Pepe then addressed the famous exchange between Gregorio De Falco -- commander of the Livorno Port Authority the night of the accident -- and Schettino , during which De Falco told Schettino to "  get back on board for f**k 's sake . " Pepe called De Falco 's tone degrading and said the commander was unprofessional and egotistic at a moment when he should have been a voice of calm . Pepe suggested it was De Falco 's stern manner , rather than Schettino 's apparent ineptitude , that damaged Italy 's reputation . He then showed what were intended to be compromising photos of De Falco with a local Italian journalist to imply that De Falco was involved in some sort of conspiracy to set up Schettino . "  In the exchange that gained national attention , De Falco was painted as a hero when he should not have been , " Pepe said . Pepe said his client could not have returned to the ship when it was on its side without risking his life . "  He 's not superman or a spider , " he told the court , before asking them to "  absolve Schettino of abandoning ship . " Addressing the manslaughter charges , Pepe tried to bolster his argument that because no one died on impact when the ship slammed into the rocks , Schettino can not be held liable . Everyone who perished lost their lives as a result of the chaotic evacuation , he said . Pepe defended Schettino 's decision to delay the call to abandon ship by nearly an hour . "  Stop for a minute to consider what would have happened if he had abandoned ship 1 kilometer from shore , " Pepe said . "  There could be 4,500 dead , not 32 . "  There were 4,229 passengers and crew on the ship Five Costa officials , including the head of the crisis center , Roberto Ferrarini , were granted plea bargains with fines paid by Costa Cruise company and suspended prison sentences , Pepe said . Ferrarini and Schettino were on the phone more than a dozen times between the moment the Concordia hit the rocks and when the call to abandon ship was made , he said . Pepe accused the Costa Chairman Michael Thamm of interfering in the case by moving a large number of Costa employees from Genoa to Switzerland , and essentially paying the fines and buying freedom for the other suspects . "  Schettino should be judged like the others at fault , " he said . Schettino was denied a plea bargain similar to that his five colleagues were granted . Pepe instead insisted that money was the motivation behind the Costa company trying to pin the blame on Schettino . "  There is a lot of money at play here , " he told the court . "  There is a lot of money at risk . " Schettino 's third lawyer Donato Laino , who is handling the technical aspects of the defense , said that Schettino navigated the ship "  with an organization " -- not single-handedly . "  He was annoying as a commander , " Laino said , referring to Schettino as someone whose attention to detail borders on perfectionism . Lawyers for 16 civil parties , including the island of Giglio , which are included in criminal trials in Italy , will have a chance to offer final arguments along with the prosecutor . Then Schettino 's defense team will have one more chance at a brief final rebuttal before the three-judge panel retires to deliberate . A verdict could come on Tuesday evening or , more likely , on Wednesday .	Closing arguments were in process Monday for former captain of Costa Concordia Captain Francesco Schettino was out sick with the flu last week Arrived in court with wool scarf Monday Schettino on trial for manslaughter , abandoning ship , other charges
CNN  -- Italian champions Inter Milan have unveiled new signing Samuel Eto'o , with the Cameroon striker immediately being forced to deny suggestions from the Italian media that he has ever had a problem with new coach Jose Mourinho . Samuel Eto'o parades his new Inter Milan jersey after completing his move from Barcelona . Eto'o , who completed his switch from Barcelona on Monda , denied he has issues with Portuguese coach Mourinho and insists he never insulted his team 's style of play after a Champions League match between Barca and Chelsea . "  I never said those words that were attributed to me , " he told a press conference . "  There is also a tape which proves it and , in any case , that was after an intense game . Top 20 summer transfer targets "  Now I am happy to be here , for me it is a great honor to play for a coach like Jose . It has been years that I have been trying to play under Mourinho and I have never managed it . " Mourinho also laughed off suggestions the pair do not see eye to eye , insisting they have very similar personalities . "  I have met Samuel six times in three years , and I never cared to know if he really said something not very nice about me , " said the Nerazzurri coach . "  Why ? Because he is like me : after losing an important match he does n't go home happy . The year after this game I wanted to take him to Chelsea , but I was n't allowed to . I am very happy to have him with us and I 'm not talking only as Jose Mourinho but on behalf of the whole squad . Eto'o has signed a five-year contract with Inter as part of a swap deal that saw Zlatan Ibrahimovic move the other way . Inter will also receive 45 million euros  $ 64m  but the 28-year-old , who only had a season left on his contract with Barca , has shrugged off suggestions this proves Ibrahimovic is the more highly rated of the two . "  Ibra is a great player but I am Samuel Eto'o and my past and my victories talk for me , " said Eto'o . "  I do n't like parallels being drawn . "  I believe the victories I have earned until now can contribute to giving my name the right value . " Eto'o scored 125 goals in 144 games for Barcelona , firing them to a string of titles , including three leagues , two Champions Leagues and a Copa del Rey success , in his five seasons with the club . Eto'o has spent his entire career in Spain since leaving Cameroon in 1997 , playing for Real Madrid , Leganes , Espanyol , Mallorca and Barcelona . However , he expects he will adapt easily to the Serie A style . "  It 's true I have always played in Spain but I have great experience of international matches , " continued Eto'o . "  Here in Serie A there are big players because great players are in teams where they know they will be able to win things . I am here because it is a very competitive league . "  It 's true Ibra and Kaka have left Italy , but there are lots of great players in Italy and I am convinced I have made the best choice . "	Inter Milan unveil Samuel Eto'o after he completes his transfer from Barcelona Eto'o has signed five-year deal and moves in a swap deal for Zlatan Ibrahimovic Cameroon striker denies any past dispute with his new coach Jose Mourinho
There 's now one more Kardashian to keep up with . On Saturday -- according to E! , the network behind her family 's hit reality show -- Kim Kardashian gave birth to a baby girl . The report did not give a name for the newborn , but did say she came into the world at Cedars Sinai Medical Center in Los Angeles . She 's the first child for the 32-year-old Kardashian , who has modeled , acted and launched business ventures but is best known as a reality TV star with a huge international following , having amassed some 18 million Twitter followers The father is rapper Kanye West , who was by his girlfriend 's side during the delivery , E! reported , citing a source . The couple started dating last year , shortly after Kardashian filed for divorce from NBA player Kris Humphries after 72 days of marriage . Kardashian 's divorce is finally final While the baby 's arrival was somewhat unexpected -- coming a few weeks earlier than the July due date -- her gender is not . Like many aspects of the Kardashian family 's existence , it was revealed on an episode of "  Keeping Up with the Kardashians " -- the eighth season premiere , in fact , that aired in June -- documenting her 19-week checkup at her obstetrician 's office . "  I 'm so excited we 're having a girl . Who does n't want a girl ? I think they are the best , " Kardashian said then . "  I know that 's really what Kanye has always wanted . He wanted a little girl . " Kardashian 's newborn daughter is the third grandchild of Kris Jenner -- the former wife of the late Robert Kardashian , best known as a lawyer for O.J. Simpson . Jenner is currently married to Olympic legend Bruce Jenner . Kardashian 's sister , Kourtney Kardashian , has two children -- Mason and Penelope -- with her longtime boyfriend , Scott Disick . As to her own pregnancy , Kim Kardashian told Ryan Seacrest this spring that she did n't experience morning sickness , though it has been "  really painful everywhere . " Kim and Kanye 's relationship timeline	Boyfriend Kanye West was there for the delivery , E! reports The baby is the daughter of Kim Kardashian and West , an acclaimed rapper The parents started dating last year , after Kardashian 's marriage ended Kardashian is a reality star with 18 million Twitter followers
CNN  -- A robotic recycling system could help address the escalating global waste problem , according to Finnish technology company ZenRobotics . The ZenRobotics Recycler  ZRR  is an intelligent robotic system which separates construction materials on a conveyer belt , plucking out recyclable materials and depositing them in bins for collection . The system is designed to replace manual sorting , which can be dangerous and frequently prohibitively expensive . Worldwide , the construction and demolition sector is thought to contribute over one third of all waste . The U.S. alone contributes a staggering 325 million tons of waste every year , and the UK produces another 120 million tons . While household and municipal waste has fallen in recent years across the developed world , Waste Watch -- a not-for-profit sustainability organization based in the UK -- suggests that over 80 % of all human waste that potentially could be recycled currently goes into landfill . ZenRobotics founder Jufo Peltomaa notes that the problem is equally severe across the EU : "  In the EU alone there 's 900 million tons of construction and demolition waste . If you were to convert that to the average sized car , the queue would go 45 times around the globe . " Peltomaa and his team at ZenRobotics constructed the ZRR to help deal with this problem . "  It 's a really difficult job for robots and machine learning systems to do , " says Peltomaa . "  There are currently no such systems in the world , so our system is the first . " The ZRR identifies different types of waste using a process called "  sensor fusion . " By analysing the data , the sensors sort through objects on a conveyor belt and distribute them into surrounding chutes . The sensor fusion system uses a range of technologies including weight measurement , 3-D scanning , tactile assessment and spectrometer analysis , which measures how much light reflects from various different materials . ZenRobotics believes its creation will help ease the burden of the repetitive and dangerous job of waste filtration , which is currently done manually . "  Currently , construction and demolition waste is handled by manual pickers , " says Peltomaa . "  That 's a pretty good solution , but it 's hazardous for your health . There are poisonous materials , sharp and heavy materials , plus asbestos etc. " Peltomaa says that the idea for using robots for recycling came to him when he had stayed up late watching a documentary on the Discovery Channel , in which a B52 bomber was crushed and recycled . The waste was placed onto a conveyor belt attended to by "  bored-looking " employees picking through the rubble . Peltomaa says he immediately noticed two things : "  First of all it 's really dangerous to be there because the process is really hazardous  and  second that the technology  we  had was a perfect fit . So we decided to do robotic sorting . " The ZRR 's sensor fusion system works through a complex analysis procedure conducted once items are put onto the conveyor belt . The system 's sensors gather data , which is sent across to the bespoke artificial intelligence system , christened by the team as the "  ZenRobotics Brain . " The brain assesses each object 's material  wood , metal , stone , etc.  and decides what to do with it . Commands are then issued to the robotic arm , which picks up the objects and deposits them in the appropriate bin , ready for collection . Renowned industrial designer Stefan Lindfors says he believes the robot could contribute to global efforts to improve recycling , but adds that the real problem is something significantly more fundamental : "  there should be less waste for us to have to sort to begin with . " Lindfors says that inventions such as the ZRR robot raise important questions about global waste : "  Human beings have a lot to think about here -- how we pack things , how we wrap things up and how we use materials . "	New robotic system separates recyclable materials from construction waste Construction and demolition industries produce one third of all waste worldwide Robot scans objects with weight measurement , 3-D scanning and spectrometer
CNN  -- Comedians Keegan Michael Key and Jordan Peele , the brains behind the hit Comedy Central sketch show "  Key & Peele , " joked that President Barack Obama is the idol black nerds have longed for and needed . "  Obama was the best thing for black nerds everywhere . Finally we had a role model , " Peele humorously told reporters recently . "  Before Obama , we basically had Urkel . " Black nerds , aka "  blerds , " is a way to describe African-American intellectuals in a time when it 's finally cool to be something other than an athlete or rapper . "  There have long been African-American intellectuals , " said Harvard professor Henry Louis Gates Jr. , whose new genealogical show , "  Finding Your Roots with Henry Louis Gates Jr. , " debuted last Sunday on PBS . "  The difference with my generation and those after is that there are more of us in the spotlight , " Gates said . "  With my PBS specials , I drew a record 25 million viewers . I would n't have been able to do that without the platform I have . " "  It 's good to see black intellectuals do well , " he said . "  We as a people are a whole range of things , and we 're finally starting to see that reflected in the media . " Because there is a growing number of prominent and successful people considered blerds such as President Obama , Gates and astrophysicist and PBS star Neil deGrasse Tyson , TV viewers are starting to see more and more blerd-type characters on their favorite comedies and even children 's programs . That 's right . Lance Robertson , aka DJ Lance Rock from Nickelodeon 's "  Yo Gabba Gabba ! " is a total blerd . The list also includes comedic actor Jordan Carlos from "  I Just Want My Pants Back " on MTV ; Aisha Tyler from FX 's "  Archer " and "  Happy Endings " star Damon Wayans Jr. on ABC . "  I 'm a black nerd and that was illegal until 2003 , " joked Donald Glover in one of his Comedy Central standup specials . Glover has also started blending his nerdy habits in with that of his "  Community " character , Troy . A comedian and a former writer for "  30 Rock , " Glover has created a whole stand-up act trumpeting blerds like the president and rapper Kanye West . "  Strange , specific stuff -- that 's what makes a nerd a nerd , " Glover has explained during his bit . "  Kanye West is a black nerd . If you go up to Kanye West and say ` Hey , what are your favorite things ? ' He 'd be like ` Robots and Teddy bears . ' " "  That 's a nerd . " Similar observations have been made by comedian and actor Kevin Hart  a guest star on ABC 's "  Modern Family "  . Like Glover , Hart has created a new brand of dorky , self-deprecating humor that is completely different than that of their comedy predecessors , Eddie Murphy and Chris Rock . "  It 's fashionable to wear bowties and be educated , " said Dave Nemetz , a TV content producer for Yahoo! "  It 's part of multiculturalism and with everything blending together , there 's a certain subset of  black nerd life  that 's becoming cool right now . "  Nerds are cool right now in general and that 's certainly an aspect . " Nemetz said the rise in characters such as Brad  Damon Wayans Jr.  on "  Happy Endings " is also the result of color-blind casting . "  Damon Wayans ' character would n't necessarily be a black character the way it was written , " Nemetz said . "  He 's fantastic and that helped him get cast but I also think once you get people from different cultures coming in , and taking roles that may not have been written for them , you see this type of advancement . "  Twenty years ago , it would 've been out of place to have this character there because it was n't happening culturally . " Carlos , who also does standup , said his blerd character Eric on "  I Just Want My Pants Back " was Jewish in the David J. Rosen book the show is based on . Rosen also created the TV show and Eric is a medical student . "  I like that they were open to different people coming in and going against type , " Carlos said of the show 's producers . "  I 've been Pookie Crack Head No. 2 , but I 'd never been a member of a cast . " Alphonso McAuley , plays a blerd on the Fox comedy "  Breaking In . " He said his character Cash is into "  Star Wars " way more than he is in real life , in spite of the fact that he owns not one but two "  Star Wars " Lego sets . "  Up until now , black nerds were n't being celebrated , " McAuley said . "  We 've seen the thug , the athlete , the rapper and the comedic best friend . This is something different . "  It 's cool to be uncool . "	Black nerds or ` blerds ' are increasingly visible in pop culture Actors like Donald Glover , Damon Wayans and Alphonso McAuley are playing nerds Expert says "  It 's fashionable to wear bowties and be educated "
The quiet , sandy streets of the southern Jordanian city of Ma'an belie the pro-jihadi sentiments simmering just under the surface . Black graffiti showing the ISIS flag defaces walls and shopfronts on the main road , the backstreets where children walk to school , and roundabouts where cars packed with families speed past . One hundred and fifty miles south of the capital , Amman , Ma'an has always been known as a rebellious city in Jordan . For decades it has been at the center of repeated episodes of violent riots and confrontations with the security forces . But Ma'an is also an important city , historically a key base of tribal support for Jordan 's Hashemite monarchy . In recent months , videos of small but vocal pro-ISIS demonstrations have circulated on social media , with some Ma'an residents waving the black flag of the hardline extremist group which has taken massive swaths of land in Syria and Iraq . Demonstrators brazenly called for an Islamic state and chanted anti-government slogans . The government says it has the situation in Ma'an under control , despite the apparent tensions . "  The very few Jordanians who carried ISIS flag were arrested , " government spokesman Mohammad al-Momani told CNN on Tuesday of the demonstrations . According to a government official who spoke on condition of anonymity , "  the majority of people who showed sympathy with ISIS were arrested . " The official said a total of 71 sympathizers had been arrested over the past couple of weeks across the country . Key U.S. ally For years Jordanians have joined the ranks of extremist groups like al-Qaeda in the wars in Afghanistan and Iraq and more recently in Syria . Jordan , a key U.S. ally , has been on high alert along its borders with both Iraq and Syria , beefing up security and foiling a number of infiltration attempts , according to the government . But many in the kingdom fear the threat from within is now only going to rise after Jordan joined the U.S.-led coalition in its fight against the terror group in Iraq and Syria . Like many Jordanians , the mayor of Ma'an is concerned about the repercussions of the country going on the offensive against ISIS in neighboring countries . "  The Salafi jihadi movement has been in Jordan for years , not just in Ma'an but also in other cities ... if this movement in Iraq or Syria declares a war on Jordan , they will not hesitate to carry out operations in Jordan , " Mayor Majed al-Sharari told CNN in his office on Monday . The government downplays these concerns and insists it has the situation under control . "  All Jordanian institutions and security agencies work continuously to stop and arrest any Jordanian that carries an extremist ideology , and Jordan has a good record of facing this phenomenon and dealing with it through its judicial system and security apparatus , " al-Momani told CNN . Grievances fuel unrest The unnamed government official said at least 11 Jordanians were detained over allegations of being in direct contact with ISIS in Syria days before the start of the coalition 's airstrikes last week . In Ma'an , the mayor insists pro-jihadist residents are not in the majority , but warns that unless the grievances of the people in his city are seriously addressed , there is potential for more unrest . "  The unrest over the years in Ma'an is caused by political reasons , the economic situation and for years this city and Ma'an Governorate has been marginalized for a long time by consecutive governments , " he said . He said the population of more than 60,000 suffers high unemployment and poverty , and very few opportunities . Al-Momani said the government was working to address such inequalities . He said Ma'an and some other cities in Jordan "  suffer from fair distribution of development , which the government continues to play close attention to . " Hardline Islamists in Ma'an 's main market area were not hard to find . One after the other , they came forward to voice support for ISIS , which calls itself the Islamic State . One man said ISIS is the only solution to Ma'an 's troubles . Another declared : "  We hope the mujahideen come here and enforce Islamic , Sharia law -- we want Sharia law . " Not surprisingly , most there were opposed to Jordan joining the U.S.-led coalition against ISIS . "  For almost four years our brothers in Syria have been bombed , civilians and children killed ... mosques destroyed and we have n't seen the United States , Jordan 's apostate military and the infidel Arab armies move to support our brothers in Syria ... but when it came to the mujahideen , they mobilized all their armies and started striking , " said another man . ` The Islamic State is here to stay ' Some residents told CNN that heavy-handed measures by the government were behind the anger in Ma'an . But al-Momani , the government spokesman , said , "  We are talking about a small number of residents which the security agencies are after . The majority of those were already arrested . "  Ma'an is an important and dear city to all Jordanians and the government needs to ensure security in order to introduce economic development . " The spokesman disputed an assertion , raised by some Ma'an residents , of a lack of police or security forces in the city . "  There is a security and police force in the city that is there to ensure the security and safety of the city and residents , and the work continues to support the security agencies with any of their needs , " al-Momani said . While Ma'an has been described as restive , its streets do not appear dangerous . While there is no visible police presence to speak of , there is at least one checkpoint on the road between Amman and Ma'an . Women , mostly covered , walk freely in the streets of Ma'an . Children run past in school clothes . Dogs and cats play in the street . A few minutes into any conversation , residents will insist on buying juice or soda for visitors , even offer a lunch invitation . But their famous hospitality does not mask the dark message emanating from the graffiti on the city walls . "  The Islamic State is here to stay , " states one . Another , referring to the leader of ISIS , reads , "  Abu Bakr Al-Baghdadi is our prince . "	Black graffiti showing the ISIS flag trumpets support for ISIS in the streets of Ma'an Videos of small but vocal pro-ISIS demonstrations in Ma'an have circulated on social media Jordan 's government says it has arrested people who showed sympathy with ISIS The mayor of Ma'an says lack of opportunity and marginalization are fueling grievances
CNN  -- It was a year of crippling -- and creative -- hacks , a year of blockbuster sequels and  yet again  a year of slinging vengeful birds at corpulent pigs . It was also a year in which gaming continued to expand beyond the traditional console to your phone , your tablet , your TV and your Facebook page . Video gaming in 2011 had plenty of ups and downs -- and we 're not even talking about the actual video game titles that were released . Here , in no particular order , are our choices for gaming 's 10 biggest stories of the year : Sony 's PlayStation Network hacked While the explosion of social and mobile gaming continues , a hacking incident focused attention on the perils of gaming online . In April , Sony confirmed that its PlayStation Network , the online service that has more than 77 million users and allows online play for its PS3 consoles , was hacked and taken offline . The episode was more than just a denial-of-service attack . Sony said that personal data , including users ' credit card information , was compromised . While Sony stopped short of saying "  stolen , " the company recommended that its customers keep an eye on their credit card accounts and watch out for identity theft . Some gamers lacked access for weeks , and the network was not fully restored until early June . After the fix , Sony offered special incentives to woo back customers . But in October , the PlayStation Network was hacked again -- this time affecting "  only " 93,000 accounts . Sony said the lessons they learned from the April hack prevented more information from being illegally accessed . A teenager in London was quickly arrested in connection with the crime . Game-related hacking in 2011 was n't just a PlayStation problem . Earlier in the year , the hacker group LulzSec released a data file with names , e-mail addresses and passwords they said could be used to get into the accounts of Microsoft 's Xbox Live members . The growth of mobile and social gaming Game developers increasingly recognize they can reach new audiences with games that are designed to be played quickly and with others via PCs or wireless networks . Zynga , the social-game developer behind "  CityVille , " "  FarmVille " and "  Words With Friends , " went public in 2011 and began trading on NASDAQ . Its stock has fizzled so far , but that has n't stopped rivals from muscling into the market for social and mobile gaming . Companies are developing more games for smartphones and tablets and incorporating social features to let players around the world connect to enjoy games together . Atari changed its mission to work exclusively on social and mobile gaming , while publishers like Electronic Arts continue to push big names  the "  Madden " series  to the small screen . Meanwhile Google launched a gaming page on its new Google Plus social network , and Apple added a "  Game Center " to its popular iPhone . Blockbuster game sales You know gaming is big when the release of a title smashes entertainment records for sales . For the third consecutive year , the "  Call of Duty " franchise raised the bar . "  Call of Duty : Modern Warfare 3 " earned more than $ 400 million while selling more than 6.5 million units in North America and the United Kingdom in the first 24 hours . If that was n't enough , the military shooter game totaled more than $ 775 million in sales during the first five days . "  Modern Warfare 3 " also broke the record for peak concurrent players on Microsoft 's Xbox Live online gaming service . According to Activision Blizzard , the all-time sales for the "  Call of Duty " franchise exceeds worldwide box office sales for the "  Star Wars " and "  Lord of the Rings " movies . There were more than 13,000 midnight openings at retail stores worldwide for the release of the new title . Last year , "  Call of Duty : Black Ops " sold $ 360 million worth of units on its first day while "  Call of Duty : Modern Warfare 2 " earned $ 310 million on its first day in 2009 . More than a gaming device Microsoft introduced its Kinect system for the Xbox in 2010 to expand motion-controlled gaming beyond the wrist to the whole body . In 2011 , creative people found new ways to hack the device , employing its cameras and sensors for more than just play . Some people have used the Kinect to create lifelike movies with computer-generated figures . Others use it to manipulate video playback . And other hackers even found ways to use Kinect as a watchdog for your home . A program turns on Kinect when it senses motion nearby and takes pictures of the "  intruders " -- whether a burglar or the family dog -- to be stored online . 3-D games in your hand With much fanfare , Nintendo released a new handheld console in early 2011 that lets players experience 3-D visuals without the use of special glasses . The Nintendo 3DS was supposed to revolutionize the gaming experience . But by August , Nintendo dropped the price on the device by $ 80 after demand for it was softer than expected . To appease early adopters who bought the 3DS at the higher price , Nintendo offered 20 free downloadable games . The device also suffered from a perception problem about health risks . The company warned the 3-D mode should not be used by players 6 years old and younger . While there has been no scientific data showing that 3-D harms the development of eyesight in children , some players did report experiencing headaches after hours of continuous playing . "  Angry Birds " takes on the world Casual game "  Angry Birds , " already a hit in 2010 , became a full-fledged phenomenon in 2011 . The game , in which people advance to new levels by toppling structures occupied by egg-stealing pigs , appeared in commercials and as stuffed toys . Also in the works are an animated series , a possible feature film and a series of books , including a cookbook of egg recipes . Notable fans include NBA star Kevin Durant and British Prime Minister David Cameron , who plays the iPad version of the game . "  Angry Birds " has even inspired a form of yoga . Game creator Rovio says players have slingshot more than 100 billion virtual birds in the game 's many versions -- more birds than actually exist on the planet . New hardware coming This year , two major gaming hardware companies announced new gaming consoles . At the Electronic Entertainment Expo in Los Angeles , Sony showed off its new handheld game console , the PlayStation Vita , while Nintendo introduced its newest home console , the Wii U . The first major refresh for the Wii in several years , the Wii U is expected to be fully backwards compatible with the Wii . The controller will have an embedded single-touch screen , and the console will produce high-definition graphics . No price has been announced for the console , which will be released after March 2012 . The PlayStation Vita , Sony 's new handheld console and the successor to the PSP , was released in Japan in December and is expected to North America and the UK in February . It boasts touch screens on the front and back as well as dual analog joysticks . Vita will also be available in two versions : one with 3G support and one without . A more affordable PS3 Perhaps feeling the heat over the PSN hacking problems , Sony cut the price of its flagship console , the PlayStation 3 . The price drop of about $ 50 put the cost on par with the rival Xbox 360 . Some analysts wondered whether Microsoft would respond with an Xbox price drop of its own , but that never happened . Buoyed by Xbox-exclusive hits like "  Gears of War 3 , " the Microsoft system remained the top-selling gaming console in the U.S. Moving from subscription to free-to-play "  World of Warcraft " has been the most successful subscription-based entry in the awkwardly named category of massively multiplayer online role-playing games  MMORPG  , with 10.3 million subscribers as of November . So it stands to reason that others would try to take a slice of that very large pie . Perhaps the most notable was "  DC Universe Online , " which was released in January and tried to capitalize on the power of DC Comics . The game let players act out their comic hero/villain fantasies in the DC Universe and interact with iconic characters like Superman , Joker and Wonder Woman . Initially , players paid a monthly fee  around $ 15 in the U.S.  , but by September , there were reports that the game was not doing as well as Sony , Warner Bros. , and DC Comics would have liked . In November , the game became free , but it offered players the option of paying within the game to access new levels . The strategy worked , as "  DC Universe Online " saw a tenfold increase in its user base . The season of ' 3 ' Finally , you ca n't talk about the year in gaming without talking about games . As always , many of the popular franchises produced sequels , with many of the blockbuster shooter titles sporting the number 3 in their titles . "  Call of Duty : Modern Warfare 3 , " "  Battlefield 3 " and "  Gears of War 3 " all brought back familiar violent gameplay and characters while putting them in new scenarios . "  Uncharted 3 , " featuring the treasure-seeking ways of Nathan Drake , closed out that franchise . "  Resistance 3 " also brought an end to the alien invasion of Earth . And "  F.E.A.R 3 " finally stopped making us dread little girls in darkened hallways . X-Play host Morgan Webb said all these sequels and finale installments are happening for a reason : New consoles are coming in the near future . "  We 're nearly at the end of a console cycle , so series that have begun at the beginning of the console cycle , they 're starting to finish up , " she said . "  People have made the investment in the franchise and they 've got the art together and they do n't want to create something completely new when new consoles are starting to be on the horizon . "	The top gaming stories of 2011 revolved around hacks , sequels , innovation It was the year of 3 : "  Modern Warfare 3 , " "  Uncharted 3 , " and "  Battlefield 3 " Hackers created new uses for Microsoft 's motion-controlled Kinect system "  Angry Birds " moved from just a game to pop culture phenomenon
CNN  -- If you 've ever been fired , you know the desire to get even with your boss . So when Jim Knight was fired from his position as head chef for The Plough , a restaurant in the UK , he had a special opportunity . He tweeted : "  Calling all chefs . Is there some sort of forum for naming and shaming bad employers ? " Someone responded : "  I Just like to use twitter " to which he responded "  well I better get on the case ; " The chef created the Twitter account for his now former restaurant  with its permission , he says  back in October , but it appears his former bosses never got around to revoking his access to it . So he still had control of the public face for his former employer , and he definitely had something to say . The headline for The Plough 's Twitter page now reads "  Let this be a lesson to all bad catering employers ... " and Jim 's view of events got the light of day : "  We 'd like to inform you that we 've just fired our head chef , " he wrote on the restaurant 's official page . "  Unfortunately he wanted to have a weekend off this month and Christmas Day this year for family commitments so we thought we 'd sack him ... yeah a week before Christmas ! We do n't care that he has a 7 1/2 month old baby daughter . " Nearly a full day after the tweets were posted , they 've been retweeted thousands of times , and they continue to live on the website . Calls and e-mails to the restaurant from CNN have not yet been answered . But the restaurant 's landlord has responded to the tweets , The Oxford Times reported Monday . "  When Jim , as head chef , informed me that he would not be working on Christmas Day , and other Sundays in the near future , I was left with little choice but to end our arrangement , " it quoted Steve Potts as saying . "  I had been quite clear with him when he started here in October that Sundays are our busiest days of the week , and that all our chefs have to work that day . " The chef has taken to his personal page to explain his actions a bit more . "  I stand by my comments whole heartedly , " he said Less than 10 days before Christmas , Knight is now unemployed , but his representative says he 's been offered a new job elsewhere since his actions got noticed . She says the restaurant has not contacted him since the firing . How to protect your digital data from a vengeful ex	A UK chef says his restaurant fired him He tweeted : "  Is there some sort of forum for naming and shaming bad employers ? " The chef still has access to the restaurant 's Twitter account He tweets that the restaurant sacked him after he wanted Christmas Day off
CNN  -- The moon disappeared from view along the U.S. West Coast on Saturday amid a total lunar eclipse . Images from Seattle , Washington , showed the moon 's crescent waning from a Cheshire cat 's grin to a shadowy sliver before disappearing entirely in the night sky . All of the United States was able to see some portion of the event , though the West Coast had "  a more complete view " and was able to see the totality -- the time when the Earth 's shadow completely covers the moon . The totality on the West Coast was timed as the moon sets and the sun rises , NASA said . It lasted 51 minutes . "  A lunar eclipse occurs when Earth is directly between the sun and the moon , blocking the sun 's rays and casting a shadow on the moon . As the moon moves deeper and deeper into Earth 's shadow , the moon changes color before your very eyes , turning from gray to an orange or deep shade of red , " the NASA website said . "  The moon takes on this new color because sunlight is still able to pass through Earth 's atmosphere and cast a glow on the moon . Our atmosphere filters out most of the blue colored light , leaving the red and orange hues that we see during a lunar eclipse . If there are additional dust particles in the atmosphere , the moon will appear to be a darker shade of red , " NASA said . CNN iReporter Bob Cronk took time-lapse video images of the eclipse from his condo on the 17th floor in Portland , Oregon . "  I thought it was pretty cool , " Cronk said . "  I really wanted to see it turn red . " Instead , the moon disappeared behind fog . Watch iReporter 's time-lapse images of the eclipse NASA 's Lunar Reconnaissance Orbiter spacecraft , which is orbiting 31 miles above the moon , got a front-row seat to the lunar eclipse , the last of the year , NASA said . The orbiter was to record how quickly certain parts of the moon would cool off during the eclipse , NASA said . The next opportunity to view a total lunar eclipse from the United States is April 15 , 2014 . CNN 's Michael Martinez and Phil Gast contributed to this report .	Viewers on the West Coast were able to see the total eclipse During totality , the Earth 's shadow completely covers the moon Next U.S. opportunity to see total lunar eclipse is in April 2014
Thanks to hard-drinking , hardworking Don Draper , we 've traveled through the '60s in style . Now let 's take a look at the ad man 's New York . "  Mad Men , " the AMC series that Rolling Stone called "  the greatest TV drama of all time , " is back for a new season on Sunday . And though it 's filmed primarily in Los Angeles , the show is set in New York , and notable locations across the city turn up in the script as liberally as a heap of pastrami on rye . In preparation for the season six premiere , we offer you this guide to the NYC haunts of ad exec Draper and his endlessly entertaining cohorts at Sterling Cooper Draper Pryce . ` Mad Men ' and the other 1960s EAT On an episode titled "  Red in the Face , " bosses-on-the-loose Draper and Roger Sterling spend their lunch -- and expense accounts -- taking full advantage of the eats and drinks at the venerable Grand Central Oyster Bar & Restaurant , some of which later embarrassingly ended up on the carpet at the feet of a group of potential clients . Hopefully you 'll have more restraint when you visit this 100-year-old seafood establishment on the lower level of Grand Central Station , where tourists mingle with commuters over martinis and platters of freshly shucked oysters and other fishy delights . 89 E. 42nd St. , www.oysterbarny.com Another celebration featuring our Mad Men stars , this time Draper and the lusty wife of an insult comic , took place at legendary restaurant Sardi 's . Even the framed celebrity caricatures on its walls were re-created for the scene . Located in the heart of the Theater District , Sardi 's has been a favorite with the Broadway crowd for more than 85 years  the Tony Awards were thought up here  , and you 'll feel like a star just for having eaten here . 234 W. 44th St. , www.sardis.com 10 trips that can change your child 's life DRINK The Roosevelt Hotel has been featured in a couple of "  Mad Men " scenes , including one in which Draper retreats here after being kicked out of the house by his wife , Betty . A stay at this landmark hotel will have you feeling like a part of the show , especially since its decor gives it the appearance of an elaborate "  Mad Men " set piece , but the place to really connect with the show is just past the lobby in the Madison Club Lounge . On April 7 , to coincide with the season premiere , the lounge will host a viewing party with complimentary whiskey tastings and a "  Best ` Mad Men ' Attire " contest . The festivities will continue with themed cocktails and an invitation for patrons to dress in their '60s best each Sunday the show airs . 45 E. 45th St. , www.theroosevelthotel.com Remember Peggy and her colleagues doing the Twist at a local watering hole after she nailed the Belle Jolie presentation in season one ? The site was P.J. Clarke 's , one of the oldest bars in New York . Truly a Big Apple institution and a popular hangout among ad execs in the 1960s , P.J. Clarke 's was once described by one of its beloved barmen as "  the Vatican of saloons . " 915 Third Ave. , www.pjclarkes.com Mad men , mad ` dos : What the late '60s really looked like STAY When Draper and friends started their own agency at the end of season three , they set up shop , at least temporarily , in a suite at the Pierre hotel . The fabled lodging , which overlooks Central Park , was renovated and modernized a few years back , so your room might not ooze nostalgia . But if you close your eyes tight enough , you might just be able to imagine Joan typing away in the corner or Pete squawking on the phone with a client . 2 E. 61st St. , www.tajhotels.com/pierre Given that the Hotel Elysée in Midtown Manhattan is the scene of a lunchtime tryst between copywriter Peggy and a fellow named Duck from a rival agency , it 's only appropriate that the prestigious property is offering a special "  Mad Men " package for fans of the show . It includes accommodations in one of its luxurious suites , which will be stocked with a dozen roses , strawberries and a box of chocolates , as well as two free cocktails either at the Monkey Bar or brought to your room . The package starts at $ 425 for a regular suite and $ 1,450 for a presidential suite . 60 E. 54th St. , www.elyseehotel.com 7 of the world 's artsiest hotels SHOP In season one , Pete Campbell was caught returning a wedding gift at Bloomingdale 's , one of the city 's most legendary department stores , where stylish lads and ladies have been filling the brand 's signature Little Brown Bags with luxury goods since 1886 . The doorman there to open the cab door for you only adds to the allure . 1000 Third Ave. , www.bloomingdales.com WORK The pitchmen of Sterling Cooper officed at an address on Madison Avenue that does n't actually exist in real life , but a number of big-time ad agencies can be found along this historic avenue . Take a stroll down its sidewalks , and you 'll rub elbows with the idea men and women who churn out award-winning copy for powerhouse firms like DDB and TBWA and smaller boutique agencies like StrawberryFrog and MacDonald Media . Madison Avenue , primarily between 26th and 52nd Streets Buzz abounds for the return of ` Mad Men ' TOUR If these classic "  Mad Men " sights leave you wanting more , consider signing up for "  The World of Mad Men : NYC During the Early 1960s " excursion from NYC Discovery Walking Tours . In addition to stops at spots like the ones noted above that have been mentioned on the show , you 'll visit iconic locations representative of the era , including the Pan Am Building and Lever House . Tours are scheduled for April 6 and 7 , May 5 and June 22 ; tickets are $ 20 . For reservations , call 212-465-3331 .	Eat , drink and sleep "  Mad Men " - style in New York The AMC show , filmed in L.A. , references notable New York spots Dip into Grand Central Oyster Bar for a cocktail and snack Then overnight at one of the city 's historic hotels
LONDON , England  CNN  -- David Prowse , who played Darth Vader in the original "  Star Wars " films , has revealed he is suffering from prostate cancer but is still feeling "  fantastic . " David Prowse signs autographs during the opening day of "  Star Wars Celabration IV " in Los Angeles in 2007 . Prowse , who wore the black suit and helmet to play the Dark Lord of the Sith , told a British radio station he had been undergoing radiotherapy at a hospital in south London and was helping its fundraising appeal . "  I 'm involved with the Royal Marsden Hospital appeal because I 'm undergoing treatment for prostate cancer , would you believe , " he told Absolute Radio . "  I 'm having my very last treatment this morning . " "  I 've had two months ' radiotherapy treatment at the Royal Marsden . It 's the most fantastic hospital you could ever wish to go to . " James Earl Jones did the voice for Vader , Luke Skywalker 's father ,  and also for CNN promotional links  in the films as Prowse 's western English accent was thought to be unsuitable for the part . Prowse , 73 , added he was fighting the disease . "  The only thing I 've had is hot flushes and my wife tells me I 'm going menopausal , " he said . "  It 's amazing what can be done so long as you catch it early . " "  Every man over the age of 50 should have a PSA test  a blood test for prostate cancer  and that just gives you some indication of whether you have prostate problems . "	David Prowse , who played Darth Vader in "  Star Wars , " has prostate cancer Prowse says he is undergoing radiotherapy at hospital in south London Actor said every man over 50 should have a blood test for prostate cancer
CNN  -- German car manufacturer Mercedes completed a takeover of the rebranded Brawn GP Formula One team on Monday , after its parent company Deimler acquired all remaining shares from team principal Ross Brawn and his management partners . In collaboration with its largest shareholder Aabar , Deimler purchased the remaining 24.9 % of the team , which is now known as Mercedes GP . German corporation Deimler initially bought a 45.1 % share of the team when it was called Brawn GP in November 2009 , and that stake has now risen to 60 % . Aabar , a global investment company owned by the Abu Dhabi government , now owns 40 % of Mercedes GP . "  Daimler and Aabar 's acquisition of the remaining 24.9 % stake will be a further step in the consolidation and strengthening of our team for the future , " Brawn told the official F1 website . "  I remain fully committed to our team for the long-term , along with the management team and all of our employees . We all look forward to the challenge of making our team successful , and proudly representing Mercedes-Benz . " The Brawn GP team competed in the elite motorsport for only one season , after the completion of a management buyout of the Honda Racing team in February 2009 . The 2009 season was a huge success for the British-based team , as they clinched the constructors ' title as well as the drivers ' championship through British racer Jenson Button . The team was renamed Mercedes GP for the 2010 campaign , and achieved a fourth-place finish in the constructors ' standings . The German duo of seven-time world champion Michael Schumacher and 25-year-old Nico Rosberg will once again race for the team in 2011 . Elsewhere , last year 's double world champions Red Bull have announced a sponsorship deal with luxury carmaker Infiniti . The Japanese manufacturer , which is parented by Nissan , has a marketing agreement with the British-based marque which will cover the 2011 and 2012 seasons . Infiniti 's logo will now be present on Red Bull 's new RB7 car and their drivers ' overalls . Team principal Christian Horner hailed the new deal and said the agreement will have both commercial and technical benefits for Red Bull . "  The technical wealth and resources that Infiniti have at their disposal through Nissan is quite phenomenal , " Horner told CNN . "  As an independent team , it was the one piece that Red Bull previously did n't have compared to the likes of Ferrari and Mercedes . So for us , it 's important as a technology partner and a commercial partner . " German driver Sebastian Vettel became the youngest-ever winner of the drivers ' championship for Red Bull in 2010 , and the 23-year-old will begin the defense of his crown at the Australian Grand Prix on March 27 .	Mercedes have completed their takeover of the F1 team formerly known as Brawn GP Mercedes returned to the sport after it purchased part of Brawn GP in late 2009 World champions Red Bull have announced a sponsorship deal with Infiniti The Japanese carmaker 's logo will be displayed on Red Bull 's car next season
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Saudi Arabia 's King Abdullah has stirred up controversy ahead of a rare visit to Britain which begins Monday , accusing British authorities of ignoring intelligence that could have prevented the 2005 London bombings King Abdullah accused Britain of not doing enough to fight international terrorism . In an interview with the British Broadcasting Corporation that aired on Monday , the Saudi king said Britain failed to act on information provided by Saudi security services ahead of the suicide bombings on London 's transport network in July 2005 , that killed 52 people and injured more than 770 . "  We sent information to Great Britain before the terrorist atrocities in Britain , but unfortunately no action was taken and it may have been able to avert the tragedy , " the monarch told the BBC . King Abdullah 's arrival in London on Monday will mark the first state visit by a Saudi monarch in 20 years . In the BBC interview , he refused to elaborate on the details of the intelligence , saying that disclosing specific information "  may cause sensitivities " between the two countries ' security services . However , he went on to say that Britain was among a number of countries that were not taking the issue of global terrorism seriously . A British Home Office spokesman strenuously denied that any intelligence from Saudi Arabia had been overlooked in the run-up to the atrocities and that information provided by the Saudis "  was materially different from what actually occurred on 7 July and clearly not relevant to those acts . " "  We have made it clear that if we had intelligence that could have prevented the attacks we would have acted upon it , " the spokesman told CNN . The spokesman said an investigation by the British Parliament 's Intelligence and Security Committee  ISC  published last year found there was no evidence that intelligence passed on by the Saudis could have prevented the bombings . British Foreign Secretary David Miliband pulled out of a meeting with his Saudi Arabian counterpart in London Monday , but the Foreign Office insisted it was for personal reasons and not a snub . Miliband has just adopted a baby son and is taking time off to look after him , the British Foreign Office confirmed to CNN . The Foreign Office insisted Miliband 's decision to pull out of the meeting with Saudi 's Foreign Minister Saud al-Faisal was due to personal reasons and was in no way linked to King Abdullah 's comments . Miliband 's duties are being carried out by junior ministers in his absence . E-mail to a friend	Saudi Arabia 's King Abdullah begins state visit to Britain on Monday In an interview , he accused the UK of not doing enough to fight terrorism He said his country had passed on information the could have prevented attacks British foreign secretary pulls out of meeting with Saudi counterpart
CNN  -- Venezuela 's armed forces will back ailing President Hugo Chavez 's new term amid uncertainty of what a possible power transition might look like , the country 's defense minister said . Chavez was unable to be sworn in last week for a new term because he is in Cuba recovering from a fourth cancer surgery . His absence at the inauguration raised constitutional questions about who is in charge of the country , opposition politicians said . Read more : Chavez misses key speech , but names new foreign minister , Venezuelan VP says The Supreme Court clarified the issue last week , ruling that Chavez remains president and can be sworn in at a later date . The army will defend that decision , Defense Minister Diego Molero Bellavia said Wednesday . "  Soldiers will abide by and enforce the Supreme Court decision to allow the head of state to return home when his health improves , " he said . Read more : Venezuela says Chavez is improving Molero added that the armed forces have "  unconditional loyalty , now more than ever , to commander Hugo Chavez . " On Sunday , officials said Chavez 's health was progressing positively and that the 58-year-old Venezuelan president was conscious and in contact with his family and political and medical advisers . Read more : Venezuela 's Chavez is not in a coma , his brother says "  In spite of the delicate state of his health ... the general medical evolution has been favorable in recent days , " a government statement said , noting that a lung infection Chavez has been battling was under control . Neither Chavez nor the government has said what type of cancer he has , sparking growing speculation about his health and political future . Opposition politicians have decried the lack of transparency , while government officials have accused political opponents and right-wing media of trying to destabilize the government by spreading rumors . Read more : Chavez illness fuels speculation and rumors Chavez has not made a public appearance or spoken on state television since doctors operated on him more than a month ago . The long absence is not typical of the loquacious leader . Read more : Chavez will not be sworn in on inauguration day On Tuesday , Vice President Nicolas Maduro stood in for Chavez at the annual state of the union speech . Maduro announced that a former vice president , Elias Jaua , will begin serving as foreign minister . Maduro said that Chavez himself made the designation . Some opposition politicians questioned whether Chavez had actually nominated a new foreign minister , or whether Maduro had effectively taken over the presidency . "  If the president of the republic can sign decrees , I call on him to appear and speak to Venezuela and tell the people what 's happening in our government , because in Venezuela what we have is lack of governance , " said Henrique Capriles , who unsuccessfully ran against Chavez in the last elections . Capriles spoke at his own inauguration , as governor of the state of Miranda , a post he was elected to following his presidential defeat . He accused the Chavez government of trying to divide the public . "  Never again will Venezuelans fight among themselves , " he said . "  Never again will we ask the people to get involved in a war . This government wants war ; we want peace . This government wants to go backwards ; we want progress . " The rising political tension in Venezuela spilled over into a meeting of the Organization of American States on Wednesday . Panama 's ambassador , Guillermo Cochez , criticized the regional body for not taking a stand against the situation in Venezuela , which he described as a "  sick democracy . " Venezuelan Ambassador Roy Chaderton quickly fired back , calling Cochez 's comments "  poisonous " and "  miserable " and accusing him of conspiring with members of the opposition to destabilize Venezuela 's government . Hours later , Panama 's government disavowed Cochez 's remarks , saying they were improvised and did not represent the country 's position . "  Panama reiterates that it will continue to respect to the internal political processes of states , " Panama 's foreign ministry said in a statement , "  and , in the case of Venezuela , we are praying for the quick recovery of President Hugo Chavez . " CNN 's Catherine E. Shoichet and Rafael Romo contributed to this report .	NEW : Political tensions in Venezuela spill over into a regional meeting The armed forces will defend the Supreme Court 's decision on the presidency The court said Chavez remains president and can be sworn in at a later date The army has "  unconditional loyalty " to Chavez , the defense minister says
CNN  -- To the outside world , the crisis in Ukraine seemed to come out of nowhere . Cast your mind back to the days before everything changed . Before the revolution ; before the downing of MH17 ; before the Russian tanks rolled into Crimea . Who could have possibly foretold how events would unravel ? But for a group of Ukrainian artists , the violence of 2014 was no surprise . They had been warning of the impending unrest for years -- through the medium of visual art . "  It really is uncanny , " says Nigel Hurst , the CEO of the Saatchi Gallery in London , which is hosting a new exhibition of Ukrainian artworks . "  If you look at the art created in the years before the crisis , it is hard not to come to the conclusion that these artists had a sort of weird foresight . It 's as if they had a crystal ball . " Predicting the future The exhibition , titled Premonition : Ukrainian Art Now , is the biggest of its kind in the world , and will run until 3 November . Some of the artworks will make the hair on the back of the neck of even the most cynical observer stand on end . Maxim Mamzikov 's 2012 painting , "  Beach , " shows people relaxing by the sea -- while behind them a paratrooper is landing in the surf . A series of photographs called "  Mother of Cities " by the artist known as Napsprom , which was created in 2005 , envisages the burnt-out shell of the national museum in Kiev . Only the faÃ § ade is left ; the rest of the building is a charred , overgrown ruin . A spine-chilling 2012 painting by Vasily Tsagolov depicts a crowd of protesters with pitchforks , running side-by-side with skeletons . It is titled "  Ghost of Revolution . " Last but not least , Victor Sydorenko 's 1996 painting envisages a scenario that is eerily similar to the events of 2014 , with a group of people watching an explosion . Its name ? "  Invasion " . Prophetic images Other artworks seem to prognosticate the unrest in a more metaphorical way , conveying a palpable sense of unease , concern about the fragility of the country , and fear for the future . The centerpiece of Sergey Bratkov 's series of photographs called "  Ukraine " , for example , is a picture of a foreboding , dark cloud hanging over the landscape . It was created in 2013 , a year before the unrest . Pavlo Kerestey 's "  Kids Fighting Friend , " painted in 2007 , depicts one teenager stoning another while a gang of onlookers cheers him on . And Mariia Kulikovska 's installation "  Untitled , " from 2012 , is comprised of a fractured section of road with smoke seeping ominously through the cracks . Hope for Ukraine Yet despite these macabre images , Hurst says that the exhibition is underpinned by optimism . "  A good number of the works are uplifting , using bright colors and witty references to Western pop culture and Soviet iconography , " he says . "  Overall , the exhibition teaches us a lot about warmth , openness , and resilience of the Ukrainian people , and expresses a huge hope and aspiration for their country . " It can only be hoped that the artists are as justified in their optimism as they were in their fears . The extraordinary art of autistic ` five-year-old Monet ' Eye-popping street art and how it broke free of the banks The moon 's power over our imagination	The biggest-ever exhibition of Ukrainian art has opened in London Many of the artworks seem to predict the unrest of 2014 Some artworks even include scenes of invasion
CNN  -- California Superior Court Judge Michael Pastor ruled Thursday that two autopsy photos of Michael Jackson can be submitted as evidence during the upcoming trial of Dr. Conrad Murray , a person inside the courtroom told CNN . Murray is charged with involuntary manslaughter . Authorities allege that he gave Jackson propofol , a surgical anesthetic drug , that combined with several sedatives found in his blood to kill the singer on June 25 , 2009 , the Los Angeles County coroner has said . Jury selection in Murray 's trial began last month and will continue into early May . Opening statements and testimony are scheduled to begin May 9 . Los Angeles County District Attorney Steve Cooley and his team had filed a motion Tuesday to allow jurors to see the photos , arguing that California courts "  permit  prosecutors  to admit autopsy photographs , as they are relevant ,  that  will illustrate the testimony of witnesses and will enhance the jury 's understanding of the prosecution 's case . " The photographs will be "  properly redacted as deemed appropriate , " the prosecution said . "  These limited photographs will help demonstrate that Michael Jackson was generally in excellent health and that , while thin , his body weight was within the normal range , " the prosecution said in its motion , adding that the medical examiner and other experts may reference the autopsy photos during the trial . The defense has argued that Jackson self-administered the propofol in a desperate attempt to get sleep before a rehearsal . Murray told investigators he was trying to wean Jackson off propofol in the last days of his life , but that he used it along with other drugs to help the pop star sleep that last morning . The defense claims that the singer 's dermatologist , Dr. Arnold Klein , injected Jackson with powerful painkillers dozens of times in the last months of his life , unknown to Murray . The Medical Board of California and Los Angeles County coroner investigated Klein after Jackson 's death , but he was never charged , and no action was taken to revoke his medical license . Earlier this month , Michael Jackson 's dermatologist was ordered to give copies of the pop star 's medical records to Murray 's attorneys . Defense attorney Ed Chernoff argued he needed the financial and medical information to make the case that Jackson , who he said was "  a desperate man in many respects , " gave himself the fatal dose of surgical anesthesia while the doctor was not watching . Judge Pastor did not order estate executors to give the defense detailed financial information about money the singer owed when he died . But he did say that Jackson 's former business manager , Tohme Tohme , must testify in Murray 's trial .	NEW : "  Properly redacted " photos will show Jackson "  in excellent health , " prosecutors say A California judge rules 2 Jackson autopsy photos can be admitted as evidence They will be part of the trial of Dr. Conrad Murray , who is accused in Jackson 's death Murray contends that Jackson personally administered the fatal dose of a drug
LONDON , England  CNN  -- "  Never wear your makeup to bed , " implore the beauty editors . But Dolly Parton was never one for following conventional advice on looking good . Dolly Parton has no plans to step out of the spotlight : " I hope to just fall over one day in the middle of a song . " She sets her own standards , from her striking sculptured hair to the bright lashings of eye shadow caked on a face that she has admitted in the past owes a lot to modern surgery . "  I know I 'm a bit over-exaggerated ; I wear too much makeup , too much hair , " the singer-songwriter and theme park co-owner told CNN 's Revealed . And it 's not just for the stage or public appearances . The truth , Dolly told CNN , is that when she 's in California or New York "  where anything could happen " she goes to bed with her makeup on . "  I think I 'm not going to wash my face until morning , and then I 'll clean it off and I 'll put it on in case I have to get up in the middle of the night , " she said . "  If I go out in public , people expect me to look a certain way and if you say ` There 's Dolly ' or whoever it may be , you expect to see them in the way that you see them , the way you know them . " Watch Dolly Parton on a photo shoot for a magazine cover " Dolly 's dedication to her image has helped push the small town country girl up the ranks from gifted singer and songwriter to international icon complete with her own Dolly-branded theme park . Parton introduced herself to the country music charts in 1967 , at the age of 21 , with her debut album "  Hello , I 'm Dolly . " A successful partnership with Porter Wagoner , the host of the television show of the same name , put her on the national stage . Forty albums have followed , including a succession of No. 1 hits , awards and high-profile performances on television and film . "  She is so full of life and spirit and she loves playing jokes on people and she likes to keep you on your toes , but musically I have never met anyone who can walk out on stage and consistently sing as in tune and proper and right as Dolly Parton does , " her sometime duet partner Kenny Rogers told CNN . She recently wrote the score for "  9 to 5 : The Musical , " a stage version of the 1980 comedy "  Nine to Five , " a film she not only starred in but for which she also composed the award-winning title song . The musical was nominated for four Tony Awards this year , but failed to win any . After a disappointing four-month run , the curtains are set to close on September 6 . Perennially upbeat , Parton later said she "  could n't have asked for a better experience on my first Broadway show . " In 1986 , Parton 's megastar status was confirmed with the opening of her own theme park "  Dollywood . " In 2001 , a water park , "  Dollywood 's Splash Country , " opened next door . Both are in Pigeon Forge , a small town at the foothills of Tennessee 's Great Smoky Mountains National Park where Parton famously grew up as one of 12 children crammed into a three-room cabin . Dolly is without doubt the town 's most successful daughter . Every year , for the past 24 years , locals have lined the streets to wave and cheer as Parton rides atop the leading float in the Dolly Parton Annual Parade of Pigeon Forge . This year was no different . Her float was transformed into a snowy scene , complete with fir trees and a log cabin from which she waved at well-wishers , many wearing T-shirts emblazoned with her photo . See photos of the 2009 Dolly Parade " One man even had her image etched onto his back in a large tattoo . "  It 's just the magic she brings you and that heart-warming feeling . The music just blows you away , blows my mind away , I just love it , " he told CNN . The locals ' love of Dolly is hardly surprising . She 's a one-woman PR machine for Pigeon Forge , and through "  Dollywood " is Sevier County 's biggest employer . You do n't want to upset your boss . Many members of the extended Parton family are on the payroll at "  Dollywood , " and entertain the park 's 2.5 million visitors when the main attraction ca n't be there . One of them is Bill Owens , her uncle , who is credited with taking the young Dolly Parton out of the Great Smoky Mountains and into the big smoke . "  I took Dolly to Nashville when she was very young , " Owens told CNN . "  I 've worked with her since she was 10 years old , when I heard her singing . We 'd take the wagon back and forth to the radio stations and the minute she graduated we was  sic  gone the same day to Nashville . " It would be easy to say she never looked back , but that is n't true ; she 's always looking back . "  I always thought when I was young , if I ever made it -- and I hoped I would , and dreamed that I would -- I thought I would love to be able to come home and do something special to honor my family , " she said . "  You always want your people to be proud of what you have accomplished . " Parton told CNN she 's accomplished everything that she set out to do , and she has no plans to ever step out of the spotlight . "  I do n't want to retire , I hope to just fall over one day in the middle of a song and that 's how I want to go -- with a smile on my face hopefully . " And presumably also with big hair and a lot of makeup . www.TheSmokies.TV | www.davidmcclister.com | www.utk.edu / | www.imaginationlibrary.com	U.S. singer-songwriter tells CNN about her dedication to her image Dolly Parton worked her way from a small country town to the world stage Has released more than 40 albums , won numerous awards and accolades Parton : "  I know I 'm a bit over-exaggerated ; I wear too much makeup "
Gainesville , Florida  CNN  -- The University of Florida has temporarily suspended its chapter of the Alpha Phi Alpha fraternity after learning about a hazing incident involving fraternity members , a university spokeswoman said . University President Bernie Machen , in an e-mail to students , called it a "  serious physical hazing incident . " University authorities learned about the incident on Saturday , school spokeswoman Janine Sikes said Tuesday . "  We believe the incident took place several weeks prior , " she said . "  The hazing incident is currently under investigation with the University of Florida police . " Dave Kratzer , Florida 's vice president for student affairs , said , "  This was not a case that we know of that anyone went to the hospital -- thank goodness . " "  It 's not in the realm of seriousness on the far end of things , when you think about what could have occurred with hazing , and we want to stop it now , " Kratzer told CNN . When contacted by CNN , Alpha Phi Alpha referred all questions to the university . Later Wednesday , a statement released by the executive director of Alpha Phi Alpha Fraternity , Inc. said it issued a cease-and-desist order against the local chapter and will investigate the incident cited by the university and cooperate with police on any criminal investigation that may occur . "  We recognize that hazing is a persistent social scourge that has proven time and time again to be difficult to eradicate and too dangerous to tolerate , " the statement said . "  Alpha Phi Alpha does not condone hazing ! Alpha Phi Alpha has embraced programs , which provide leadership tools to recognize , prevent and address hazing . " The statement concluded with declarations in capital letters : "  We can not say this enough : HAZING IS DANGEROUS and ILLEGAL and must STOP ! Alpha Phi Alpha has no place in its membership for the violence and brutality that accompanies hazing . HAZING IS ILLEGAL ! " The historically black fraternity dates back to 1906 , when it was founded at Cornell University in Ithaca , New York . According to its website , Alpha Phi Alpha "  has a zero tolerance level in regards to hazing/pledging and strongly prohibits these illegal activities in any form . " The alleged hazing incident happened off campus , according to Machen 's e-mail to students , obtained by CNN . "  As that investigation proceeds , I want to reinforce the university 's prohibition against all forms of hazing -- and ask each of you to help us guard against this dangerous and destructive behavior , " Machen wrote . "  Hazing is specifically prohibited by UF regulations , and it is also classified as a crime in Florida . We can not tolerate hazing on our campus or in our university community , and anyone found responsible will face the gravest possible consequences , including expulsion and criminal penalties . " Machen did not provide any specifics about the incident , and he urged anyone who has experienced or witnessed any hazing incidents to contact campus police . Kratzer said there had been no previous reports of hazing incidents involving the fraternity . The Florida chapter has only a small organization at the university and no house , he said . An e-mail from the university 's Office of Sorority and Fraternity Affairs sent to the university 's fraternity and sorority members said Alpha Phi Alpha would be placed "  on interim suspension pending the outcome of a formal hearing . " "  Alpha Phi Alpha has been a strong member of the Florida Greek Community for many years , " the e-mail stated . "  While we are all disappointed to learn of such allegations , we all need to respectfully allow our Greek Conduct process to take place before making decisions or speculations of the fraternity 's responsibility in this matter . We will share information with the community as and when that is appropriate . " The incident comes less than a month after four students at Florida A&M University were arrested after the hazing-related death of the school 's drum major in November . Robert Champion 's death prompted FAMU 's board of trustees to approve a three-part plan to tackle the issue of hazing on campus , including an independent investigation panel . FAMU is located in Tallahassee . The FAMU incident prompted Florida Gov. Rick Scott to order all state universities to examine their hazing and harassment policies in December . Scott also asked all university presidents to remind their students , faculty and staff "  how detrimental hazing can be . " Kratzer said University of Florida authorities have worked for some time to eliminate hazing , and there has been a "  heightened concern " since the death at FAMU . "  I would like to stress this is not the norm for us , and we want to educate all our students that the world has changed -- do n't allow anyone to do this to you , " he said . However , students at the university said hazing still occurs at fraternities and sororities . "  You know fraternities are still going to do this . It 's part of their culture , its imbedded in what they do in their initiation process and it 's still wrong , " said sophomore Jenny Rivero . "  You ca n't escape it . " Cece Benitez , also a sophomore , said hazing has become a cyclical activity . "  I know a lot of fraternity brothers who would say that why they do it is because it was done to them , " Benitez said . "  And people who get hazed , for now  it  kind of sucks , but they are going to do it to the ones that come in later on , and I feel that should not be part of the initiation process for becoming a brother or sister . " CNN 's John Branch and Melanie Whitley contributed to this report .	NEW : Apha Phi Alpha fraternity says it will investigate the incident and condemns hazing A university official says no one was hospitalized from a recent hazing incident The incident happened off campus several weeks ago , the university says Another Florida university was recently at the center of a hazing scandal
KANDARA , Kenya  CNN  -- Daniel Mungai 's family keeps him locked in a room in a wooden shack that is just big enough to fit a bed , a cupboard , Daniel and his wheel-chair . His clothes and bed are soaked with his own waste -- and he 's been living like this for 15 years . Daniel Mungai is kept locked away in a small wooden shack and has been for 15 years . Daniel , 35 , started having seizures at a young age . He is sometimes given medicine for epilepsy and spent time at a mental hospital but his parents say they simply can not afford to maintain proper care -- they are struggling to cope . Both his parents are also now too old to help him properly . They live in the same compound in Kandara , Kenya , but in a different building . His father , Ndung ' u Joroge , said : "  We do n't lock him out of bad will . We lock him up because people have become very bad . He may come out here and then he is caught by young men , that is why we lock him in the house . " The desperate measures Daniel 's family has resorted to are not rare . African health services are often underfunded and overwhelmed -- no more so in the field of mental health . Watch more about the story " CNN visited rural Kenya -- a country where less than one percent of the health budget is allotted to mental health -- to investigate the extent of the problems . Edah Maina , who runs the Kenya Society for the Mentally Handicapped , says the mentally disabled in Kenya have few options for long-term care and support . "  The entire family is affected and especially when the mother sort of loses hope and resorts to locking up the child because they have to go out and earn a living or they have to chain them up because they might hurt themselves , " said Maina . Social workers in Kenya searching for those in desperate need found a mother and child on the floor of a squalid kitchen hut . John is 17 and severely handicapped . He can not speak and can not properly hold his head up . He has been living like this his whole life . When CNN met with him , he and his mother were lying on a thin , filthy blanket . His mother , Jane , is mildly mentally disabled . She does what she can for her son , but John spends so much time on his side that he suffers from severe bedsores . They depend on help from their impoverished family and they have n't eaten for days . Maina said : "  I think that some of these social needs are beyond the family capacity to handle the normal day to day life needs , and as you can see the burden of disability increased for this particular family when the son to this girl with mental disabilities was also born with mental disability and then the severity of mental disability of the son became more severe because the mother ... is herself with mental disability . " She added : "  First and foremost , nobody would want to live like this , it 's inhumane , it is not what we want to see people live , it is not the lifestyle that anybody would want . What I am saying is that this home is suffering . " Maina said that even with years of experience working with the vulnerable , the cases still shock her . Her poorly funded charity does what it can , sometimes acting on the tips of neighbors . The Director of Mental Health in Kenya told CNN that they were trying their best to help the mentally disabled and mentally ill , but that the needs were ` enormous ' -- and the funding was far too little . Dr. David Kiima told CNN there are only 50 active psychiatrists in the country to serve a population of more than 30 million . It is hard to believe that 15-year-old Joseph could hurt himself or anyone else . But he is on powerful anti-psychotic drugs and his mother and grandmother struggle to handle him . Grandmother Prisca Njeri said : "  When the drugs finish he beats himself and he bites himself when the drugs finish . " She does not know what they will do when Joseph gets bigger and they have no access to proper care . When his family leaves to work on their small patch of land , they lock Joseph up in a dark room . Here , too , the place reeks . They are a loving family and are conflicted about what they have to do . "  He is afraid of entering that room . We put him in when we want to leave to go to the farm because he will get lost if we leave him outside , " Njeri said . Like so many families with limited means in Kenya , they feel compelled to make this awful decision : locking their loved ones away from society just to keep them safe from themselves and those who would do them harm .	Mental health patients in Kenya find themselves locked in shacks by their families Relatives struggle to cope and get little government assistance Less than one percent of Kenya 's health budget is allotted to mental health Senior health official says there 's only 50 active psychiatrists in the country
CNN  -- Kremlin critic and Russian opposition politician Alexei Navalny has been convicted of misappropriating $ 500,000 worth of state-owned timber . A court freed him from detention on July 19 , pending an appeal of the court 's ruling against him . Navalny has been campaigning for the Moscow mayoralty -- officially registering as a candidate the day before his conviction -- and there have been allegations his trial has been politically-motivated . Russian authorities insist that is not the case . LATEST : "  I 'll win Moscow , " says Navalny Who is Alexei Navalny ? Navalny is a corruption fighting lawyer who famously branded the ruling United Russia party -- founded by President Vladimir Putin -- "  the party of crooks and thieves . " He has been a prominent organizer of street protests and has attacked corruption in Russian government , using his blog and social media . In a 2011 article entitled "  Russia rising : The Blogger Who Is Putin 's Greatest Challenger , " TIME magazine 's Simon Shuster said before 2010 Navalny had been known "  only to a fairly small online community . " But in November 2010 , Shuster said , Navalny "  blew the whistle " on what he said was a $ 4 billion embezzlement scheme at the state-run oil pipeline operator Transneft -- a claim vigorously denied by the head of the company and Russian president Vladimir Putin . In January 2011 , Transneft 's boss branded the claims inaccurate , according to Reuters news agency . And in September that year , state-run news agency RIA Novosti quoted President Putin as saying no crimes had been committed by Transneft . "  The leaked documents he presented as evidence , which he posted on his blog , caused a sensation in the Russian and international press , and Navalny soon became known as Russia 's top crusader against corruption , " wrote TIME 's Shuster . OPINION : Putin a hypocrite on Snowden , Navalny In 2012 , TIME included Navalny on its list of "  The World 's 100 Most Influential people . " Russian chess legend and opposition activist Garry Kasparov wrote the entry on Navalny -- then 35 -- saying he was -- "  at the vanguard " of data dissidents . How much of a threat does he pose to Putin/Kremlin ? CNN 's Moscow correspondent Phil Black said Navalny 's passion , charisma , fierce language and commitment to fighting corruption inspired many to join him in protesting on the streets . Maria Lipman , a political analyst at the Carnegie Moscow Center think-tank , said during the 2011 and 2012 protests over alleged fraud in Russia 's parliamentary and presidential elections Navalny was "  by far the most popular figure . " "  Navalny quite bravely took on some of the very influential people in Russia , " she said . Lipman said Navalny was a fearless and very talented public politician who had managed to "  beat the system that Putin built " to keep outsiders out of the political framework . Navalny presented "  a serious political challenge as a result of his unique personality and his amazing energy , " she said . "  He was able , as a result , to build a following . " "  He 's become a popular figure but he can not be described as the leader of the opposition , " she said . "  He is the most prominent civic figure . " What are the details of his case ? A court in the city of Kirov on July 18 found Navalny guilty of misappropriating about $ 500,000 in a lumber deal when he was an adviser to the Kirov region 's governor . It sentenced him to five years in prison . Was the verdict expected ? The day before his trial began in April this year , Navalny told CNN 's Phil Black he knew he would be convicted and that it was likely he would be jailed . "  I 've been investigating corruption in state-run companies by government officials for the last six years . These people steal billions . I 'm making it harder for them to steal and they understand my anti-corruption work is a threat . " Asked if he believed he had any chance of winning the case he replied : "  Of course not . They did n't fabricate this case to allow that and it 's obvious for me it 's going to be a guilty verdict . " Why would he be jailed unless he was guilty ? The court found Navalny guilty but his lawyers are appealing the verdict . Russian law forbids convicted criminals running for political office . Talking to Phil Black before the trial began , Navalny said : "  It 's true one of Putin 's goals in this trial is to stop me from being involved in politics but this law only exists in Putin 's system and our goal is to destroy Putin 's system . " Lipman said she also believed the verdict was politically motivated . "  The government is using law enforcement and judiciary machines to lock up a man who is a political challenge . There is hardly any doubt that the verdict in the courtroom was not made by the judge himself , " she said . "  There is every reason to suggest that the verdict announced on July 18 in Kirov was a decision made somewhere very high in the Kremlin executive . " Russian authorities have always insisted Navalny 's prosecution is not political . But a senior investigator recently admitted his colleagues had fast tracked their work in Navalny 's case because of his criticism of Russia 's political system . "  The suspect is doing his best to draw attention to himself ; one could even say he is teasing the authorities , " said Vladimir Markin , the spokesman of Russia 's Investigative Committee , in April , according to the Washington Post . "  So interest in his past grew and the process of bringing him out in the open naturally sped up . " President Putin 's spokesman , Dmitry Peskov , told CNN that Putin had not followed Navalny 's trial . So then why has he been released ? When Navalny arrived in court the day after his conviction , he found the prosecutor who had argued he should be sent to prison arguing instead for his release pending appeal , so that he could continue campaigning for the Moscow mayoralty . Navalny quipped that the court needed to establish the identity of the prosecutor because he may have been replaced by a double . Lipman described Navalny 's release as an "  amazing twist . " She said that his release was unlikely to have been as a result of protest action after the verdict was announced . The protest had n't been nationwide and involved just a few thousand people , she said . "  It was not enough to force the authorities to retreat . Also , the prosecutors ' request that he be released ... was filed even before there was a big crowd in the streets . It 's really hard to believe . "  It could be the result of some sort of intrigue -- rivalries , tensions at the very top of the Russian political elite . " But she said any political involvement would be denied by the government . "  Their response , invariably , is , it 's up to the court to decide , " she said . "  Of course they would never admit how they interfere . " RIA Novosti reported that the trial judge "  repeatedly rejected claims over his partiality and denied several motions to have him replaced . " Will the conviction affect his bid to become mayor of Moscow ? Lipman said that if Navalny 's conviction was upheld by a higher court , his name would be unable to appear on an electoral ballot . However , she said he could campaign in the meantime . "  After his release yesterday he can continue running . The idea is that now he is at large up until his lawyers send in an appeal in a higher court re-examine his case . He remains at large and his verdict is not effective , " she said . She said there was "  good reason to predict " that the high court would uphold the verdict before the end of the campaign for the September 8 election . "  He is still on a hook . In a theory , this higher court could make a ruling even earlier and effectively terminate his campaign . " Speaking to reporters outside court after he was released , Navalny said he would return to Moscow to discuss his next steps with his staff , RIA Novosti said . "  Regarding my participation in the elections , I am not some kind of a kitten or a puppy to whom they first say it ca n't participate in the elections and then they say , ` let 's release him for a while so he can participate in the elections , ' " he said . Once in Moscow , he will decide whether to boycott the election or continue his campaign , he said , according to the news agency . "  We 'll discuss it with the staff and with the volunteers . For now , I will stay a candidate , I am not retreating . " How has Navalny 's conviction been received in Russia ? Lipman said Navalny 's conviction was not likely to cost Putin any support . "  I do n't think it will affect his standing in the eyes of the conservative majority . The status quo is suspicious of any troublemaker , " she said . "  The minority of more modernized urban Russians -- people who resent the government for being lawless -- people likely to sympathise with Navalny -- I think they will be even angrier . "  The rift between them and the government will become even broader , but we are talking about a minority . " What about the rest of the world ? The day Navalny was convicted , the European Union 's top diplomat , Catherine Ashton , called the trial a sham . And former Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev issued a statement saying the case "  unfortunately confirms that we do not have an independent judiciary . " Rachel Denber , deputy director of Human Rights Watch 's Europe and Central Asia division , said she was not surprised by the guilty verdict but was shocked by the five-year prison sentence . "  Navalny 's prosecution is meant to silence a leader and messenger , " she said . Amnesty International 's Europe and Central Asia program director , John Dalhuisen , said , "  This was a parody of a prosecution and a parody of a trial . The case was twice closed for lack of evidence of a crime , before being reopened on the personal instruction of Russia 's top investigator . " But Lipman pointed out the world had also expressed outrage over Russia 's crackdown on protesters in 2011 and 2012 . "  I do n't think it has an effect . Not on previous occasions and not this time . "	Russian opposition politician Alexei Navalny has been convicted of misappropriation A court freed him from detention on July 19 , pending an appeal of the court 's ruling against him Navalny famously branded the ruling United Russia party "  the party of crooks and thieves " He claims his trial was politically motivated , an allegation the authorities have denied
For close encounters of the furry , feathered , or scaly kind , there 's no place on the planet quite like the Galapagos Islands . "  You just see some of the craziest things , " said Jonathan Brunger , operations manager for Adventure Life , a Montana company that arranges trips to the region . "  While you 're out snorkeling , the sea lions will come out and swim with you . ... You feel a little nibble on the end of your flipper , you turn around and there 's this sea lion wanting to play with you , wanting you to chase it . "  Other times , they 'll come up to your face and they 're looking at their own reflection in your snorkel mask . " The Galapagos -- 19 islands that lie 600 miles west of Ecuador in the Pacific Ocean -- are home to species of animals found nowhere else on Earth . Famously visited by Charles Darwin in 1835 , the archipelago played a key role in his theory of evolution . These days , both tourists and researchers flock to the islands to see giant tortoises that can live 150 years , marine iguanas that dive to find dinner , flightless cormorants , and penguins that somehow thrive near the equator . With few predators to make them wary of humans , many of the creatures seem tame and curious . "  It 's just a fantastically wonderful place , " said Herb Wilson , a biology professor at Colby College in Waterville , Maine , who has been to the Galapagos twice . "  One of the most exciting things about it is that just the animals there are so fearless . So you have to step over sea lions and marine iguanas just to get from one place to another . " With their remote location , the Galapagos used to be more of a legend than a destination for most people -- but that 's no longer the case . In the 1960s , just 2,000 tourists a year visited the islands , according to The Charles Darwin Foundation . Today , that number has grown to more than 150,000 . To limit their impact on the fragile ecosystem , Galapagos National Park -- which makes up 97 % of the archipelago -- requires tourists to be accompanied by a certified guide when they enter protected areas . There are also limits on how many people can be at any visitor site at one time . "  They seem to be doing a reasonable job of trying to find the happy medium between access and protection , " Wilson said . Here are some tips to consider if you want to pursue your own Galapagos adventure . What 's the best time to go ? You can have a great experience in the Galapagos year-round , Brunger said , so there 's really is n't a "  best time " to go . The busiest tourist seasons are during the summer and around Christmas , when kids are out of school and people have extra vacation , he said . The warmest months are between January and May , when average temperatures reach the upper 70s and the low 80s . The driest months are from June to December . How do you get there ? The first step is to fly into mainland Ecuador and land either in Quito or Guayaquil . A nonstop flight from Miami to Quito takes about four hours . From there , travelers can fly to one of two airports in the Galapagos Islands -- Baltra or San Cristobal -- via Lan Ecuador , AeroGal or TAME Airlines . That leg of the journey lasts about three hours from Quito . Wilson said he did n't find the trip particularly difficult . Where do you stay ? You can choose land-based lodgings or a cabin at sea . There are four islands in the Galapagos with accommodations for tourists -- options that include everything from small lodges to luxury hotels , Brunger said . Wilson 's hotels ranged from rustic to modern , but they were all comfortable and clean , he recalled . He dined at local restaurants , where seafood and chicken dishes were the most common fare . For those who prefer staying on land , Brunger recommended the Finch Bay Eco Hotel in Puerto Ayora on Santa Cruz Island and the Iguana Crossing Hotel in Puerto Villamil on Isabela Island . Many visitors , however , choose to take a cruise around the Galapagos , so they stay on board ships and take lots of land excursions . The cruises carry anywhere from 16 to 100 passengers , and most of the ships are relatively small , so this is not a good option if you get seasick easily or are not keen on living on a boat for several days , Brunger said . Beginning next year , new regulations from Galapagos National Park will ban cruises from visiting any site more than once in a 15-day period . The goal is to cut tourist traffic at some of the most popular spots , according to the International Galapagos Tour Operators Association . You can book a 15-day cruise or , if that is too long , sign up for a shorter itinerary . The most popular option is the 8 day/7 night cruise , which "  gives a good overview of the islands , " Brunger said . What are some of the most popular activities on the Galapagos ? Watching all of the incredible creatures , of course .  You might even catch a glimpse of the courtship dance of the blue-footed booby .  But there 's also snorkeling , sea kayaking , hiking , horseback riding , mountain biking and more . "  The Galapagos is a great , great destination for scuba diving , " Brunger said . "  But it is for intermediate to expert  divers  . It 's not a place for beginning scuba diving because you have pretty strong underwater currents and the water is quite cold . " How much does a Galapagos trip cost ? As always , it all depends on your accommodations and length of stay , but here 's an estimate of expenses : Coach airfare from the United States to mainland Ecuador varies widely depending on your departure point . Once in Ecuador , a round-trip flight to the Galapagos costs about $ 400 . There is a $ 100 fee to enter Galapagos National Park . An eight-day cruise around the islands will set you back anywhere from $ 2,000 to $ 5,000 per person , which includes accommodations , meals and excursions with a naturalist guide , Brunger said .	The Galapagos Islands are home to species of animals found nowhere else on Earth With few predators to make them wary , the creatures seem tame and curious Galapagos tourism has been booming despite the archipelago 's remote location Lodgings are available on four of the islands ; many visitors also stay on cruise ships
Newtown , Connecticut  CNN  -- Bob Skuba is a whirl of energy . Outspoken , loud and opinionated , he 's the embodiment of East Coast bravado . He 's got a new distinction now : He was Adam Lanza 's barber . ... I used to cut the killer 's hair ... It 's hard to process . Skuba was clipping hair on Friday at Robert Anthony 's Hair Salon , the shop he , his mom and sister have run for the last 13 years . First one police car drove by . Then two . Then five . Then 10 , followed by 10 undercover police cars . Then , word came of the massacre at Sandy Hook Elementary School -- and who had carried it out . That kid used to sit right here , in this barber chair . You 're sitting in the chair where he used to sit and get a haircut , he tells a visitor on Tuesday . Skuba puts his hand on the black barber chair . That sick , son of a ... The barber shakes his head . Read more : New details surface Lanza would sit with his head straight down , his eyes adrift , never making eye contact . Skuba would run clippers through his hair like a buzz saw . The kid was about 12 when he first came to the shop . His mom would bring him in , every four weeks , over the next five years . People would tell the barber not to talk with the kid , that he was a strange bird . But Skuba 's not one to keep his mouth shut . He ca n't stop talking for more than 15 seconds . How you doing ? How 's school ? What you been up to lately ? His mom , Nancy Lanza -- who Lanza killed at her house before his school rampage -- would jump in and answer for her son . He 's not in school . I 'm homeschooling . Lanza would not say a word . Every now and then , he 'd mumble something . His mother was the boss . She 'd pipe up when the barber asked Adam if he liked his haircut . I do n't like it , Mom would say . Cut it shorter , trim his sideburns . When the haircut was done , the barber would tell Lanza it was time to get up . But he 'd just sit there , like he was still getting clipped . His mom would grab him by the arm and yank him up . It 's time to go , Adam . Your haircut is done . The boy would listen to his mother . Always , always , always . Never would he disobey her . Friends : Mom was nothing like son The barber would stand there , his eyes raised at the weirdness of it all . What the f *** ? The barber 's sister would tell him there was something wrong with Lanza , that he was n't right . Skuba never knew what exactly was wrong . Lanza never looked like he was dangerous . He did n't seem like the type , a nerdy teen with oversized dress shirts buttoned to the top . Never , never did he think the kid would do this . He had to be possessed by the devil . I do n't care how messed up you are . No one shoots a child 11 times . About three years ago , the haircuts stopped . The barber thought Adam must have moved to a different town . His mom was always punctual with setting up his haircuts , a real regular . The salon is just across the street from St. Rose of Lima , a Roman Catholic Church . On Tuesday , the church bid farewell to 6-year-old Jessica Rekos . Skuba stood out front and watched as the hearse , under heavy police escort , pulled out and the funeral procession headed to the cemetery . Distraught , he shook his head . Never could he have imagined . Remembering the victims Inside his shop , he stood at the chair where he 'd cut Adam Lanza 's hair so many times over the years . "  It 's just weird that I actually touched him . That 's the worst part about it -- that he was in one of our chairs . I 'd try to joke with him . He would n't even look at me . " Admittedly , he has a terrible thought . He wishes he 'd have killed Adam . "  I wish I would 've killed him then , " he says . "  Or he should have killed himself a long time ago . He would 've saved us all the trouble . ... He should 've run in front of a bus , or some other type of terrible death he should 've done to himself . "  It would 've saved all those kids and parents the trouble . I should 've slipped and stabbed him by accident . It would 've been a lot better for those people . " Skuba 's not sure if he cut the hair of any of the slain children . He has n't let his mind go there . I do n't really want to talk about that . He 's lived in Newtown for more than 30 years . He puts down his clippers . Then , he sighs . Opinion : Predicting mass killings impossible	Barber was cutting hair on Friday when Sandy Hook massacre happened The killer , Adam Lanza , had come to him for haircuts since he was about 12 Lanza 's mother would bring her son in , but the cuts stopped after five years Barber said Lanza 's behavior was odd , but he never thought he 'd turn violent
EW  -- Comedy sequels generally follow the law of diminishing returns . If it has a "  2 " â $ " or , classier yet , a "  II " â $ " in the title , the smart money says that it wo n't be as funny as the original . "  Anchorman 2 : The Legend Continues " does n't defy that axiom , but it 's still plenty hilarious in a reheated sort of way . Will Ferrell may be our greatest conjurer of clueless cinematic blowhards â $ " "  Talladega Nights ' " Ricky Bobby , "  Blades of Glory 's " Chazz Michael Michaels , and "  Austin Powers ' " un-killable , fez-wearing hitman Mustafa all come to mind . But I 'd argue that his blow-dried teleprompter-reading newsboob , Ron Burgundy , is the most inspired creation to pop out of his beautifully deranged brain . With his polyester three-piece suits , Burt Reynolds porn ` stache , and inflated sense of self , he 's pure Me Decade id . Or , as he likes to put it , " I 'm kind of a big deal . " This week 's cover : The Best and Worst of 2013 The first "  Anchorman , " released in 2004 , was a perfectly-rigged slapstick machine loaded with indelible lines  " Milk was a bad choice ! "  . It was also the rare broad big-screen comedy that did n't feel stretched too thin like so many other "  SNL " alumni flicks before it . It was a giddy send-up of the Carter era , turning a pompous , dim-bulb newsreader modeled after "  The Mary Tyler Moore Show 's " Ted Baxter into a harmless source of pants-wetting anarchy . In the sequel , "  The Legend Continues , " the legend , well , pretty much continues . It 's the early '80s and Ron and his on - and off-screen partner Veronica Corningstone  Christina Applegate  are riding high . That is , until he gets sacked from his job by his imperious , old-school boss  Harrison Ford , the first of many great A-list cameos  . Meanwhile , Veronica is promoted , sending Ron into a lather of jealousy that busts up their relationship . Before you know it , he 's in exile , drunkenly emceeing a dolphin act at SeaWorld with his trusty mutt Baxter in tow . Ron does n't have to wait long for a second chance , thanks to a fledgling 24-hour news channel called GNN that needs talking heads to fill up its graveyard time slot . Ron does n't quite share the round-the-clock network 's bold vision of the future , but " by the hymen of Olivia Newton-John ' , ' he 's such a narcissist he needs to be on the air . So he takes the gig , hitting the road in his shag-carpeted RV to reunite his old news team : Paul Rudd 's mutton-chopped muckraker Brian Fantana , David Koechner 's casually racist sports reporter Champ Kind , and , of course , Steve Carell 's imbecile meteorologist Brick Tamland . 100 most-watched shows on broadcast TV In these early scenes , "  Anchorman 2 " has cheeky promise . The decade-specific song cues and sight gags come fast and furious ... and most of them land . But as things chug along and Ron and his posse start feuding with James Marsden 's more polished news team  " I bet his poop smells like sandalwood "  , the film starts to flag and feel a little too familiar , going through the same paces and beats established by the first film -- right down to a baroque battle royale in Central Park with a parade of rival TV news teams . It takes the same rumble scene from the original and cranks it up to eleven . Meagan Good is on hand as Ron 's new boss at GNN , an ambitious African-American female producer that the hopelessly retro-chauvinist Ron ca n't wrap his head around . Meanwhile , Brick is given an equally socially awkward love interest  Kristen Wiig  that tends to stop the film in its tracks . The plot of the film involves Ron selling his journalistic soul  wait , did he ever have one ?  by hyping sensationalistic stories like O.J.-style freeway chases and Fox News-esque appeals to flag-waving patriotism that will snag ratings and make him a big deal again . But " by the bedpan of Gene Rayburn " he comes to his senses before it 's too late . Of course , the plot is pretty much beside the point in a film like this one . What we want are jokes that are as comforting and familiar as the laugh track on a sitcom rerun . "  Anchorman 2 " dutifully  sometimes hilariously  serves up those jokes even though we already know the punch lines . Grade : B See the original story on EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  Anchorman 2 " is funny , but does n't top the first film In its early scenes , "  Anchorman 2 " has cheeky promise But as things chug along , the film starts to flag and feel a little too familiar "  Anchorman 2 " dutifully serves up jokes even though we already know the punch lines
CNN  -- A wanted Florida man shot and killed two St. Petersburg police officers Monday morning , and later the apparent assailant was found dead after police used a backhoe to tear through his house , authorities said . St. Petersburg Police Chief Chuck Harmon said the two slain members of his department were "  ambushed " by the shooter , who they believe was a man wanted on an outstanding warrant for aggravated battery . A deputy U.S. marshal , who has not been identified , is "  doing well " at a hospital after being shot twice , said Chief Deputy U.S. Marshal Tom Figmik . "  This crook , this criminal , this cop-killer ... did a terrible injustice to two of my people , " said Harmon . "  I feel a lot of anger , I feel remorse for the families . ... It 's a sobering reminder of what our officers face all the time . " The incident began around 7 a.m. Monday , when law enforcement from the city 's Police Department , U.S. Marshals Service and Pinellas County Sheriff 's Office went to a home in the west Florida city to ask a relative of Hydra Lacy Jr. , who was wanted by police , about him . The woman told them that Lacy was upstairs in the attic and might be armed , according to Harmon . K-9 Officer Jeffrey Yaslowitz and a deputy U.S. marshal were shot at as they got near the attic -- where they intended to try to coax Lacy to surrender -- according to police . A gunfight ensued , during which another member of St. Petersburg 's police force , Sgt. Tom Baitinger , was shot from above . While this was going on , a police search team entered the house and pulled out Yaslowitz , who was wounded but alive . "  I heard 150 to 200 gunshots during that exchange , " said Harmon . "  You cringe , because you hope you do n't send an officer  and  there 's another death . " Yaslowitz and Baitinger were eventually taken to local hospitals , where they were pronounced dead . Even after the shots subsided , police were not able to locate the shooting suspect . They eventually used a backhoe to tear down one-third of the house and found a dead man . He was later positively identified , using fingerprints , as the 39-year-old Lacy , according to a statement from St. Petersburg police . Lacy had what police , in a statement , called a "  significant criminal history " that included kidnapping , sexual assault and aggravated assault on a police officer . "  He was somebody we wanted to get off the street , " Harmon said earlier Monday . "  And obviously , today you see why . " Baitinger , who was married , was a former detective who joined the St. Petersburg force nearly 15 years ago . Yaslowitz was a nearly 12-year veteran of the department and is survived by three children , ages 5 , 8 and 12 , and his wife . "  They served the people of this community with distinction , with passion , with resilience , with heroism , " said Mayor Bill Foster . "  And they gave their lives today , so we can do what we can do . " The three law enforcement officers are among at least 11 shot nationwide in a 24-hour period . Four officers were shot and wounded at a Detroit police precinct on Sunday . Two Kitsap County , Washington , sheriff 's deputies were shot and wounded at a Walmart in the town of Port Orchard . And officers in two locations -- Indianapolis , Indiana , and Lincoln City , Oregon -- were critically injured Sunday after being shot during traffic stops . CNN 's Dave Alsup and Mike Ahlers contributed to this report	NEW : Police identify Hydra Lacy Jr. , 39 , as the man who killed two police officers St. Petersburg officers Jeffrey Yaslowitz and Tom Baitinger are killed Police used a backhoe to tear down a house and find the wanted Lacy A third officer , a U.S. marshal , was also shot but is "  doing well "
Tokyo  CNN  -- Beneath the cherry blossoms of Shiba Park , more than 2,000 people lined up for a Sunday afternoon march calling for Japan 's nuclear power stations to be shut down . A week before , a similar protest -- though in a chilly drizzle , not on a warm , sunny day -- drew about 250 . And a month of frustration , desperation and anger boiled over at Tokyo Electric Power Company 's headquarters Friday as officials from towns around the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant demanded to know when the crisis that has besieged their farming communities would end . "  The nuclear plant situation needs to be resolved as soon as possible . If not , we farmers will die , " one of the officials , Iwao Suzuki , told the utility 's executives . But the response from Naomi Hirose , the managing director of Japan 's largest utility , offered little encouragement to the delegation or the rest of the world . "  There is a need to draw an end to the current situation as soon as possible , " Hirose said , adding , "  We totally agree to this and are taking the utmost endeavors to contain the radiation . " Since the March 11 earthquake that ravaged northern Japan , workers at Fukushima Daiichi have been struggling to cool down three overheated reactors and keep pools of spent but still potent nuclear fuel from spreading further radioactive contamination across northern Japan . A month into the crisis , the utility acknowledges , there is no end in sight . The problems are so far "  beyond the design capacity " of the plant that the Japanese are working in uncharted territory , said Michael Friedlander , a former senior operator at U.S. nuclear power plants . "  No nuclear power plant has ever considered the inability to get on long-term core cooling for more than a week , much less three weeks , " Friedlander said . Some Japanese experts now say the effort is in danger of failing unless Japan seeks more help from international experts to bring it to an end . Tetsunari Iida , an engineer-turned-industry critic , said the situation is "  beyond the reach " of Japan 's closely knit nuclear establishment . "  A real exit strategy has to start with an inspection by the world 's top experts on nuclear accidents , " Iida told reporters at Japan 's national press club last week . Engineers and workers so far have managed to stave off a complete meltdown in Fukushima Daiichi 's reactors 1-3 and in the spent fuel pool of unit 4 . But experts say the overheated fuel rods are likely to have suffered extensive damage , and there is a complication for seemingly every advance . Much of the past week was dominated by the attempt to stop water laced with massive amounts of radioactive particles from pouring into the Pacific Ocean -- water that comes out of the reactors "  screaming with radioactivity , " Friedlander said . Tokyo Electric is now grappling with where to put the stuff , even dumping thousands of tons of less-radioactive water into the Pacific to make room for it in a reservoir for low-level waste . In a normally functioning plant , coolant water is circulated out of the reactors and chilled . Then it 's pumped back in to carry more heat away from the plant 's fuel rods , which continue producing energy long after the chain reaction at the heart of the units has been stopped . "  You have to get the recirculation system up and functioning so they can cool that water in the normal way , " said Gary Was , a nuclear engineering professor at the University of Michigan and a CNN consultant . Normal cooling systems do n't require the massive amounts of water -- around 7 metric tons  1,850 gallons  per hour -- now being poured into the reactors . "  That 's a big problem , " Was said . Tokyo Electric officials told CNN they ca n't say when they 'll be able to restore those normal cooling . The first step is to get highly radioactive water out of the flooded basements of the units ' turbine plants , then figure out how badly the equipment inside has been damaged . For the first two weeks of the crisis , engineers pumped seawater into the reactors . But the resulting buildup of salt inside has made it harder for coolant to circulate , U.S. nuclear safety officials advised in March . In addition , Was said , the fuel rods are likely in a state of "  partial melt , " the extent of which will be difficult to determine . After 1979 's Three Mile Island accident in Pennsylvania , it took more than two years before operators were able to get a camera into the reactor to examine its condition , he said . Satoshi Sato , a Japanese nuclear industry consultant , called the current line of attack a "  waste of effort . " Plant instruments are likely damaged and unreliable because of the intense heat that was generated , and pumping more water into the reactors is only making the contamination problem worse , he said . "  There is no happy end with their approach , " Sato told CNN . "  They must change the approach . That 's something I 'm sure of 100 percent . " After the 1986 Chernobyl accident , the world 's worst to date , the Soviet Union encased the plant 's damaged reactor in a massive concrete sarcophagus . Iida said Fukushima Daiichi 's reactors remain too hot to pour concrete , but he suggested pouring a slurry of minerals and sand over them to carry away heat before encasing them . And Was said the reactors have to be cooled in order to let the molten fuel harden again : "  Only when it solidifies are you sure you can contain it . " He said Tokyo Electric should be in the lead -- "  It 's their plant " -- but he added , "  There 's a lot of different areas in which they could benefit from international help . " Japan 's government is consulting with experts from the U.S. Nuclear Regulatory Commission and the French nuclear fuel company Areva , said Hidehiko Nishiyama , deputy director-general of Japan 's Nuclear and Industrial Safety Agency and the agency 's chief spokesman . U.S. Navy barges have been carrying fresh water to Fukushima Daiichi , and Tokyo 's foreign ministry has asked Russia about using a Japanese-built ship outfitted as a floating decontamination plant . "  We already have quite a bit of support from outside countries and organizations , " Nishiyama said . But he added , "  I think the most urgent issue now is support in whatever form possible with regard to how we can dispose of the cooling water and be able to build a sustainable cooling system . " General Electric which designed the reactors , and Hitachi , which built most of the plant , are also advising the government and Tokyo Electric . GE chief Jeffrey Immelt flew to Japan to consult with Japanese officials and executives last week , and Tokyo has asked Russian officials about using a Japanese-built ship outfitted as a floating decontamination plant . But for now , Japan has "  no choice " but to continue pouring water into the reactors , Friedlander said . "  I have no doubt that the men and women working at the power plant are indeed going to exert every human effort to make sure that they resolve this , " he said . "  What I do n't know and what I ca n't tell and the big question mark for me is , will it be done sooner than later ? "  And again , my hope is , is that it 'll be done sooner . But in order for it to be done sooner , TEPCO 's going to have to step up and ask for more help from the international community . " Ailing Chang and CNN 's Brian Walker contributed to this report .	No timetable has been crafted for restoring normal cooling , Tokyo Electric says Experts say Japan and Tokyo Electric need help resolving the crisis "  There is no happy end with their approach , " a Japanese analyst says It 's too early for a Chernobyl-type solution , a CNN consultant advises
CNN  -- It 's every flier 's worst nightmare : Your pilot announces , "  We 're all going down ! " and starts shouting about bombs and terrorists . He abandons the cockpit , frantically running up and down the aisles like a man unhinged . What do you do ? That 's what passengers on a JetBlue flight had to decide Tuesday when their pilot , Capt. Clayton Osbon , seemed to have a meltdown in the air between New York and Las Vegas . Fortunately for everyone on board , a quick-thinking co-pilot and some alert passengers snapped into action . Initial reports suggest that at least four passengers leapt to their feet and subdued the pilot , who had been trying to break down the cockpit door after his co-pilot locked him out . The heroic passengers have been praised for their bravery , and rightly so : They may have saved 141 lives on the plane , and maybe more on the ground . It 's hard to hear this story and not admire their swift and effective action -- and wonder how you 'd respond in the same situation . Would you jump up and subdue a hysterical pilot or sit paralyzed in your seat ? Hundreds of studies have explored the so-called "  bystander effect , " trying to determine why some observers respond positively to a crisis while others ignore it . The research points to a somewhat surprising conclusion : Generally speaking , only subtle differences separate the bystanders from the heroes . Most of us , it seems , can fall into either category depending on the details of a situation . The JetBlue crisis highlights some of the factors that can make a difference , suggesting how we can get people -- ourselves included -- to take action in an emergency . It might seem obvious that when confronted with a raving man attacking a cockpit door , people would realize they should do something to stop him . But that 's not always the case , especially when they 're part of a large crowd . In fact , in one famous study , social psychologists John Darley and Bibb Latane left people alone in a room and pumped in smoke -- a pretty clear warning sign of danger , maybe on par with a 250-pound guy in a pilot 's uniform shouting incoherently about Iran and Iraq . When people were alone in the room , they left and reported the smoke to someone else 75 % of the time . But when there were three people in the room , they reported the smoke 38 % of the time , illustrating the problem psychologists call "  pluralistic ignorance , " where we mistake other people 's inaction as a sign that everything 's actually OK . After all , no one wants to be the fool who tackles your plane 's pilot because you misread the situation -- maybe he was just playing a practical joke ? When we do n't see anyone else respond , we tend to assume there is n't really a crisis ; as a result , we inadvertently hold each other back . But response rates shoot up dramatically when one bystander simply acknowledges to another that there might be a problem . So on the JetBlue flight , it helped tremendously that the co-pilot and a flight attendant had the presence of mind to use the public address system to call on the passengers to restrain the pilot . It becomes nearly impossible to assume there is n't really a problem when your acting captain says there is . Yet even once we recognize there 's a problem , in crowds we often fall prey to what 's called a "  diffusion of responsibility , " where we assume the people around us are going to help , so there 's less of a need for us to take action ourselves . Research by Darley and others shows that the greater the number of people who witness a crisis , the lower the odds that any of them will do anything . To overcome this , it helps when we 're singled out personally . Darley once told me that if you ever sprain your ankle in public , do n't just call for help -- pick out someone in the crowd and say , "  Hey , you there , can you give me a hand ? " On the JetBlue flight , it seems like the crew only made a blanket appeal to the passengers for help , which probably was n't as effective as it could have been . Only four passengers out of nearly 150 sprang to action -- responsibility still might have been pretty diffused . But it likely helped that several of the plane 's passengers were retired or off-duty law enforcement on their way to a security convention in Las Vegas . Darley 's research has found that personality does n't necessarily predict whether someone will help . What 's more important is whether bystanders have the experience to recognize a crisis when it 's unfolding and feel like they have the skills to do something about it . So it probably should come as no surprise that among those who sprang to action , one was a former prison guard and another was an ex-New York police sergeant with 22 years of experience on the force . That sergeant , Paul Babakitis , told CBS News that when he saw the pilot running amok , "  my training immediately kicked in . " He said he believed he was "  deranged " when he looked into his eyes because he had "  dealt with a lot of emotionally disturbed people during my time on the force . " People who have experience in law enforcement or the military are probably better at recognizing a crisis because they 're less likely to convince themselves that this could n't be happening to them , could it ? Of course , "  pluralistic ignorance " might be harder for any of us to maintain on a plane after 9/11 , even 10 years later . It 's harder today to rule out the plausibility of any crisis . Indeed , Babakitis said he immediately thought of that day when he saw Osbon storming the cockpit . "  Not again , " he told himself , "  not while I 'm on this plane . " The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jason Marsh .	Jason Marsh calls quick action of JetBlue passengers with captain admirable He says "  no way out " situation inhibited "  bystander effect , " where people do n't react He says research shows people usually hang back , rely on others to act on danger Marsh : Crew asking for help made a difference , as did law enforcement passengers
CNN  -- Ivory Coast coach Sven-Goran Eriksson has selected six strikers in an attacking 23-man squad for the World Cup finals . Chelsea pair Didier Drogba and Salomon Kalou , Aruna Dindane , who recently moved to Qatar League side Lekhwiya , CSKA Moscow 's Seydou Doumbia , Lille 's Gervinho and Emmanuel Kone , of Romanian club CFR Cluj , have all made the cut . Eriksson has dropped seven players from his original squad , they are goalkeeper Vincent Angban , defender Abdoulaye Meite , midfielders Gilles Yapi Yapo and Emerse Fae , and strikers Bakari Kone , Kanga Akale and Lassina . Yapi Yapo , Fae and Kone all played at the World Cup in Germany in 2006 . The Swedish coach informed his players at their base of Gstaad , Switzerland , on Tuesday morning . Blog : "  Dynamite " Drogba will explode at World Cup The Elephants have been drawn in the so-called group of death along with Brazil , Portugal and North Korea . They begin their campaign against Portugal on June 15 . Much will be expected of Drogba , who finished as the leading scorer in the English Premier League after netting 29 goals for Chelsea . Notable names in the squad include defenders Emmanuel Eboue , of Arsenal , and Manchester City 's Kolo Toure , as well midfield duo Didier Zokora , of Sevilla , and Barcelona 's Yaya Toure . South Africa coach Carlos Alberto Parreira has dropped the World Cup hosts ' all-time record scorer Benni McCarthy for the tournament starting on June 11 . The 32-year-old has struggled for form and fitness this season , having moved English clubs from Blackburn to West Ham , but was recalled by Parreira after the Brazilian returned for his second stint in charge . However , McCarthy -- who played at the 1998 and 2002 World Cups -- featured in only one of the team 's four warm-up friendlies and was an unused substitute as Bafana Bafana romped to a national record 5-0 win over Guatemala on Monday night . Uncapped goalkeeper Shuaib Walters of mid-table South African club Maritzburg was picked ahead of Rowen Fernandez , who plays for German club Arminia Bielefeld , in the 23-man squad named on Tuesday . Bryce Moon , who plays in Greece , also missed out along with fellow defender Innocent Mdledle and midfielder Franklin Cale , both of SA Premier Soccer League runners-up Mamelodi Sundowns . Blog : The World Cup 's missing men "  It was a very difficult and sad decision to make , some of these boys who have been left out have been with me since the Durban training camp in January , " Parreira told the South African Football Association Web site . "  But at the end of the day we have to follow the rules and regulations because FIFA wants only 23 players . My decision of leaving out these players was based on certain principles : physical condition , technical level , tactical knowledge , discipline as well as adjusting to the shape of the team . "  But I would like to say to them , ` Thank you very much for your efforts , do n't lose hope , just keep your heads high and remember that you are not failures . ' This is also a sad time for everyone in the team . " The squad includes seven overseas-based players , including captain Aaron Mokoena -- who became the first South African to win 100 caps against Guatemala -- and midfielders Steven Pienaar , Kagisho Dikgacoi and Macbeth Sibaya . Bernard Parker of Dutch champions Twente was one of only three strikers named along with Katlego Mphela and Siyabonga Nomvete . Blog : Who will be the World Cup 's best player ? Everton striker Victor Anichebe and fellow forward Ike Uche were dropped from Nigeria 's final 23-man squad . The duo lost out to a pool of forwards featuring three of Anichebe 's fellow Premier League players : Yakubu Aiyegbeni , Nwankwo Kanu and John Utaka . Wolfsburg frontman Obafemi Martins , Osaze Odemwingie of Lokomotiv Moscow and Chinedu Ogbuke Obasi will also compete for starting berths in attack . Midfielder Jon Obi Mikel was included despite missing the end of Chelsea 's season due to minor knee surgery . New coach Lars Lagerback also dropped his only two Nigeria-based players , goalkeeper Bassey Akpan and Peter Suswan , as well as Peter Utaka , Onyekachi Apam and Brown Ideye . The Super Eagles open their campaign against Argentina in Johannesburg on June 12 , and will also play Greece and South Korea in Group B. Cameroon coach Paul Le Guen gave Rigobert Song the chance to appear at his fourth World Cup , along with his nephew Alex Song of English club Arsenal . Tottenham defenders Benoit Assou-Akotto and Sebastien Bassong also made the 23-man cut , despite missing the Africa Cup of Nations . Inter Milan striker Samuel Eto'o will continue as captain , having replaced Song when Paul Le Guen took charge last year . While striker Jacques Zoua was already out through injury , the French coach also left out Jean Patrick Abouna Ndzana , Amour Patrick Tignyemb , Makadji Boukar , Jean Patrick Abouna Ndzana , Marcel Ndjeng , Patrick Mevoungou and Dorge Kouemaha . Cameroon are in Group E , along with the Netherlands , Denmark and Japan . Ghana captain Michael Essien has been ruled out of the World Cup due to injury , dealing a major blow to the Black Stars ' hopes of success in the first tournament to be held in Africa . The midfielder has not played for his English club Chelsea since December , but Ghana coach Milovan Rajevac picked the 27-year-old in his preliminary 29-man squad in the hope that he would be fit to play in the tournament . But the Ghana Football Association announced that Essien , who has won more than 50 caps and is known affectionately by fans as "  The Bison , " will not be ready before the month-long tournament finishes in mid-July . "  An evaluation by a combined team of medical experts from the Ghana Football Association and Chelsea Football Club revealed that Essien will not make full recovery until the end of July , " it said in a statement on its Web site . Essien 's latest problems began six months ago when he suffered a hamstring injury in a European Champions League match , but he returned to fitness in time for Ghana 's second match at the African Nations Cup in January . But he then injured his knee in training , partially tearing medial ligament , and he needed to have several operations to repair the damage . The former Lyon player also suffered a serious knee injury in 2008 which sidelined him for six months . Earlier this month , Rajevac also named John Mensah in his preliminary squad despite the defender 's injury problems . Mensah , who also plays in England on loan with Sunderland , has been sidelined with a calf injury arising from a physical complication which has plagued him in recent years . Midfielder Kevin-Prince Boateng , who also plays in England , was named by the Serbian coach after deciding to switch nationality . The Portsmouth player was born in Germany , who he has represented at under-21 level , but has a Ghanaian father and his uncle has played for the Black Stars . Rajevac also recalled Inter Milan midfielder Sulley Muntari , who was dropped for the Africa Cup of Nations in January after deciding not to play in a friendly against Angola . Algeria coach Rabah Saadane added five players to his initial 25-man squad to cover for injuries . Lazhar Hadj Aissa , Hocine Metref and Khaled Lemmouchia of Algerian club ES Setif have joined the Desert Foxes ' Swiss training camp along with Mohamed Meftah of JS Kabylie and Germany-based striker Chadli Amri . Defender Nadir Belhadj and goalkeeper Faouzi Chaouchi were selected despite being banned for the opening Group C match against Slovenia due to red cards received in the Africa Cup of Nations semifinal against Egypt . While Portsmouth 's Belhadj can play in the second game against Hameur Bouazza , Chaouchi is suspended until the final pool clash with the United States . Key midfielder Mourad Meghni , who plays for Italian club Lazio , has been ruled out of the finals with a knee problem that requires surgery .	Sven Goran Eriksson names an attack-minded Ivory Coast squad Eriksson names six strikers , including Chelsea pair Didier Drogba and Salomon Kalou Swedish coach omits three players who were involved at 2006 World Cup South Africa 's all-time record scorer Benni McCarthy to miss out on World Cup
CNN  -- It 's the ultimate sporting world tour . The HSBC Sevens World Series comprises nine rugby sevens tournaments played across eight months in locations all around the world . The action began in Australia in October and the series will come to a blockbuster conclusion in London in May . It 's a sport where athleticism is king and is accompanied by a carnival atmosphere everywhere it visits . In this interactive map , CNN takes you inside the tournaments which make up this truly global sporting celebration .	The HSBC Sevens World Series is nine tournaments held around the world The series started in October and will conclude in London in May The sport is famed for speed and athleticism It 's also renowned for the carnival atmosphere created by fans
He was a beefy 5-foot-10 but won an Oscar for playing the slight , 5-foot-3 Truman Capote . He had the booming voice of a deity but often played schlubs and conflicted characters . He could be heartfelt and giving , as with his male nurse in "  Magnolia " or rock critic in "  Almost Famous , " or creepily Machiavellian , such as the gamemaster in the latest "  Hunger Games " movie . Philip Seymour Hoffman was an actor who could be anybody . "  I do n't know how he does it , " director Mike Nichols told The New York Times Magazine in 2008 . Nichols directed Hoffman on both stage  "  The Seagull , " "  Death of a Salesman "  and screen  "  Charlie Wilson 's War "  . "  Again and again , he can truly become someone I 've not seen before but can still instantly recognize . ... He may look like Phil , but there 's something different in his eyes . And that means he 's reconstituted himself from within , willfully rearranging his molecules to become another human being . " "  Philip Seymour Hoffman 's precise , uncanny performance as Capote does n't imitate the author so much as channel him , as a man whose peculiarities mask great intelligence and deep wounds , " wrote Roger Ebert about 2005 's "  Capote . " Hoffman was found dead Sunday . Reports attribute his death to a drug overdose . For years , Hoffman was the kind of anonymous character actor who earned critical raves but was often unnoticed by the general public . He had an Everyman face -- burly enough to be an athlete , soft enough to be an artist , with an eye twinkle that could be either vicious  as in his "  Mission : Impossible III " villain  or humorous  the frat-boyish Sandy in "  Along Came Polly "  . Consider the roles that earned him Academy Award nominations : a conniving writer  "  Capote "  , a cranky CIA desk jockey  "  Charlie Wilson 's War "  , an upbeat , dissembling priest  "  Doubt "  and a charming , enigmatic cult leader  "  The Master "  . Or consider the ones that did n't : baseball manager Art Howe  "  Moneyball "  , suspicious Freddie Miles  "  The Talented Mr. Ripley "  , clever Plutarch Heavensbee  "  The Hunger Games : Catching Fire "  . The New York Times ' Ben Brantley , who saw him on stage , was unequivocal . "  One of the finest actors of his generation , " he wrote in his review of the 2012 staging of "  Death of a Salesman " -- even while finding Hoffman miscast in that production . One of a kind everyman : He 's of a type harder to find in Hollywood these days , where movie-star looks and charisma often take precedence over the ability to disappear into a role . Indeed , even when movie stars do try to disappear , we 're all too aware of the tricks , whether it 's weight gain , a putty nose or an unfamiliar accent . Movie stars sell tickets . Character actors -- and Hoffman , for all his intensity , was a character actor -- support movie stars . That seemed OK with him . You could more often find him in challenging roles or secondary parts than leads . He liked to take chances . He worked with director Paul Thomas Anderson  "  Boogie Nights , " "  Magnolia , " "  The Master "  before either was a big name , and Anderson provided him with a steady stream of interesting roles . He took small parts in such films as the dark comedy "  Strangers with Candy , " based on the unpleasant characters dreamed up by Amy Sedaris , Paul Dinello and Stephen Colbert , and "  The Invention of Lying , " Ricky Gervais ' comedy about religion and atheism . In some respects he followed the path of one of his heroes , Paul Newman , who had looks and magnetism to burn but was n't shy about taking "  character " parts , such as a broken-down lawyer in "  The Verdict " or a ne'er - do-well in "  Nobody 's Fool . " The latter featured Newman acting opposite Hoffman , as did the HBO miniseries "  Empire Falls . " He also kept his talent sharp with frequent stage work and the kind of "  one for me , one for them " movie philosophy that made sure he was both busy and successful . The price of fame : In recent years , he 'd become a more recognizable face -- and persona . In a video that quickly made the rounds , his voice was dubbed into a trailer for the Joaquin Phoenix movie "  Her , " taking the place of Scarlett Johansson 's operating system , Samantha . Where Johansson is relaxed , Hoffman is intense ; where Johansson is helpful , Hoffman is wily . It neatly summed up his capabilities . But with fame comes intrusion , and Hoffman seemed uncomfortable with the attention . He was a New York-based actor , not a movie star . It was a job , not an excuse to turn him into an open book . "  Somebody wanted me to talk about my personal life , " he told the UK newspaper The Independent in 2012 . "  I 'd rather not because my family does n't have any choice . If I talk about them in the press , I 'm giving them no choice . So I choose not to . " His death has left his colleagues in shock . "  We have lost a true artist , " said Robin Wright in a statement . Wright worked with Hoffman in "  Moneyball " and the forthcoming "  A Most Wanted Man . " "  He was a giant talent , " said Tom Hanks , who co-starred with Hoffman in "  Charlie Wilson 's War . " But perhaps director Nichols was most succinct -- and heartfelt -- in describing the void left by Hoffman 's death . "  No words for this , " he said in a statement . "  He was too great and we 're too shattered . " "  Great " is an all-too-appropriate word , as Hoffman himself used it when expressing his goals . Given his work and the circumstances of his death , a line from the 2008 New York Times Magazine profile seems more haunting today . "  For me , acting is torturous , and it 's torturous because you know it 's a beautiful thing , " he said . "  I was young once , and I said , ` That 's beautiful and I want that . ' Wanting it is easy , but trying to be great -- well , that 's absolutely torturous . "	Philip Seymour Hoffman was a rare breed in Hollywood The actor could disappear into -- and transcend -- any role He seemed to care more for his craft than celebrity Hoffman died of an apparent drug overdose at the age of 46
The trial of James Holmes , accused in the mass shooting at an Aurora , Colorado , movie theater , has been delayed again . The trial was scheduled to begin in October , but a psychiatrist conducting a second sanity examination on Holmes asked for more time to complete the examination , according to a judge 's order from Arapahoe County District Court made public Wednesday . Judge Carlos Samour said he had "  little choice but to grant the examiner 's request " despite the fact many victims would be opposed to the delay . The examination was originally set to be completed by August 15 , but the deadline was extended until October 15 , according to the order . A new trial date is set to be scheduled at a July 22 hearing . Holmes is accused of opening fire inside a packed movie theater during a midnight showing of Batman film "  The Dark Knight Rises " in July 2012 , killing 12 people . He has pleaded not guilty by reason of insanity to the 166 charges he faces in connection with the rampage . The attacker threw tear gas canisters into the theater then started shooting , according to witnesses . Police said he used several weapons , including an AR-15 rifle , before fleeing the theater . Holmes was taken into custody outside the theater , where authorities said he identified himself to police as "  The Joker , " one of Batman 's archenemies . This is the third time the trial has been delayed . It was originally set to begin in August 2013 but was pushed back to February . That date was then delayed until October , which has now been postponed . Holmes ' attorneys argued in a motion filed last year that their client "  suffers from severe mental illness and was in the throes of a psychotic episode when he committed acts that resulted in the tragic loss of life . " Prosecutors have said they plan to seek the death penalty . Remembering the victims Background of Colorado shooting suspect full of contrasts 2013 : Defense team says Holmes committed Colorado theater shooting	Judge says he had ` little choice ' but to give more time for exam Trial of accused Aurora theater shooter James Holmes is delayed Judge grants request for more time to complete second sanity examination Holmes is accused of killing 12 people in mass shooting
Paris  CNN  Marchers raised pens skyward . They lit candles in the dark . They wrote "  liberty " and "  free expression " on placards in rallies that came hours after a terror attack killed 12 people Wednesday in Paris . As the initial shock wore off , the grand boulevards in most of France 's major cities became scenes of mourning and solemn demonstrations , with crowds declaring themselves unbowed by the gunmen 's assault on the offices of the magazine Charlie Hebdo . Four of its cartoonists were among those killed in the gunfire . "  The world has become so sick that  being a humorist or cartoonist  has become a dangerous profession ! " said a poster carried by one woman in a mass of protesters in Paris ' Place de la Republique . One mourner , Corentin Vacheret , described the slain cartoonists as journalists who "  are famous in France , especially among people who value the liberty of expression . " "  The fact that they were killed in the most insane circumstances is just sickening , " Vacheret said . "  I am not a fan of big protests , but I wanted to express that we are not afraid , that this is not going to make us renounce our liberty of expression . " Rallies also unfolded Wednesday night in Tours , Toulouse , Brest , Lyon , Rennes and Poitiers , among other cities in France , long regarded as a cradle of democracy and liberty . They were joined by demonstrations elsewhere in Europe , including London , Barcelona , Berlin and Rome . The most immediate rallying cry against the attack was "  Je Suis Charlie , " or "  I Am Charlie , " in reference to the weekly satirical magazine 's title , Charlie Hebdo . Another sign at the rally in Place de la Republique declared : "  I stand up and I express myself with words because they are still the most beautiful weapon ! " According to Le Monde newspaper , French police said as many as 15,000 people gathered in the Place de la Republique , which was closed to traffic . Demonstrators ' candles glowed in the darkness . Marchers were mostly silent for the first hour , Le Monde reporter Maxime Goldbaum tweeted , but then began chanting , "  Charlie ! Charlie ! Charlie ! " and "  We are Charlie ! " At another point , the chant became a play on words : "  Charlie-Charlie-Charliberte ! " One student held a sign at the Paris rally saying , "  Long live liberty ! Long live France ! Long live Charlie ! " Another student , Sacha , told Le Monde newspaper , "  We did n't just come here because of the emotion , but because of the principle . Liberty must be defended . " Sruthi Gottipati of Paris posted a photograph on her Twitter page of someone lighting a flare at the foot of the monument at Place de la Republique , becoming a mirror image of the nearby statues holding torches . Another photograph showed several people in the crowd holding aloft a series of illuminated letters in the darkness that stated in English : "  NOT AFRAID . " Just a few feet away from the main demonstration , the gathering took a more sombre tone . Dozens of people created a shrine of pens and pencils on the paving stones , encircled by tealights and candles . Many visitors -- some in tears -- stood or sat quietly , with heads bowed , appearing as if they were trying to understand what happened in an office a few streets away . Faycal Haddad , a Muslim , carried a homemade sign stating "  not in my name , not in the name of my religion . " "  I do n't want anyone to say that my kids , someone from my family , is involved -- this is not Islam , " Haddad said . "  If I thought that this was what Islam was about , I would not be part of it . No religion in the world can authorize anyone to kill . "  We need to unite against these few people , they are a bacteria , a virus , and we need to find a solution , " Haddad added . He joined the public outpouring on the spur of the moment , straight from work , without telling his wife or kids , he added . "  I felt it was my job to be here , " he said . He was planning to bring his family to the protest planned for Saturday in Paris , he said . Luc Lemoine carried a cartoon of his own making showing a dramatic faceoff between two characters : a masked terrorist with a gun and a balding man with a pencil . "  The drawings never killed anybody , " Lemoine said of the Charlie Hebdo cartoonists . "  Like everybody , I was shocked about what happened . Everybody here grew up with Charlie Hebdo . It is part of French culture and has been for many years , so I felt it was important to be here , " Lemoine said . Emmanuel Leger brought his son Binhkim , 15 , to a vigil where both held burning candles . "  I think today is the day everything changed , " the father said . "  I am an artist , I draw , but just for pleasure , and sometimes my drawings are not politically correct , " Leger added . "  I wanted my son with me , even if he did n't want to come , I 'm sure in several years he will remember this time . " Parisians used social media to urge people to attend the Place de la Republique vigil , which drew a crowd whose numbers reached several thousand . At times , the gathering was silent , but at other moments , many individuals chanted "  freedom of expression " loudly . Participants laid down flowers and lit candles in the cold night . By 10 p.m. , the crowds began to thin . In London , about 700 people gathered at Trafalgar Square in an evening vigil for the French victims . Many condemned the attackers . "  Shame on you , pens versus gun ? There 's no competition , is there . Shame on you , shame on you , " said one man attending the London event . "  It 's the most cowardly thing you can do . " CNN 's Bryony Jones and Fred Pleitgen contributed from Paris . Michael Martinez wrote this report from Los Angeles .	Slain cartoonists are called famous journalists in France "  That they were killed in the most insane circumstances is just sickening , " mourner says "  The drawings never killed anybody , " another mourner adds
CNN  -- As Desmond Tutu celebrates his 80th birthday , iReporters from across the world have shared their memories and moments with the charismatic peace activist and Nobel laureate . As well as wishing the Archbishop a happy birthday , many described the lasting impressions Tutu has made on them . While some recall Tutu 's "  passion for peace , " other describe his "  immense kindness " and almost all mention his "  sense of humor " and "  infectious laugh " . Chelsea Breana Bailey remembers giving Tutu a birthday card for his 79th birthday in Cape Town , South Africa . "  The world seems to only see Tutu as a revolutionary and outspoken anti-apartheid activist , " Bailey said . "  But it 's important to remember that he 's just a man -- the kind of person who gives a stranger a hug for a birthday card . " See more Desmond Tutu iReport submissions Emma Smith , who met Tutu aboard a ship during a four-month study program called "  Semester at Sea , " says the Archbishop was fondly referred to by all as "  Arch . " But what made a lasting impression on Smith was the inspirational speech Tutu gave to the assembled students , "  You are young and full of promises , " he said . "  Do n't let anyone look down on your dreams . Believe you are making a difference , because you are . Dream , dream , dream . Dream the craziest of dreams ! ' " Happy Birthday Desmond Tutu  or should we say "  Arch "  !	iReporters wish Desmond Tutu a happy 80th birthday Many share their memories and pictures of the charismatic peace activist Tutu is remembered for his "  kindness " and "  sense of humor "
CNN  -- The Philippine economy grew 7.1 % last quarter -- the fastest growth in two years and the fastest pace in Asia next to China -- a strong sign that the Southeast Asian economy is building domestic-growth rather than relying on exports . Manila is bucking the global pressures of the eurozone debt crisis and the slowdown in China . The Philippines is the only nation whose expected growth has been raised by the International Monetary Fund , rather than revised down , IMF Chief Christine Lagarde noted while visiting Manila earlier this month . "  There is no denying it , the Philippines is having a fantastic year despite strong global headwinds , " HSBC said in a research note Wednesday . "  This is largely due to the fact that policy makers took timely measures to counterbalance an anticipated slowdown of demand from China and the eurozone as well as the resilient nature of the services-oriented economy . " The stronger-than-expected growth brings more good news for the administration of President Benigno Aquino III , who last month signed a landmark peace deal with Muslim rebel leaders that moves to end the long-running insurgency in the nation 's troubled south . A strong service sector , accelerated growth of the industry sector and better than expected agricultural output led grow , Socio-Economic Planning Secretary Arsenio Balisacan told reporters Wednesday . Household spending contributed more than half of the growth on the demand side , he added . The 7.1 % year-on-year growth in the third quarter was up from 6 % growth in the second quarter . "  Overall , we now expect the economy to expand by 6.3 % this year , up from our previous forecast of 5.0 % , "  wrote Gareth Leather of Capital Economics in a research note . "  Reflecting the economy 's resilience , we are also raising our growth forecast for 2013 to 4.5 % , up from 4.0 % previously . " What is driving the Philippines ' surprisingly strong growth ?	The Philippine economy grew 7.1 % last quarter -- the fastest growth in two years Economy growing at the fastest rate in Asia next to China 's 7.4 % growth Manila is bucking the global pressures of EU debt crisis and China slowdown IMF chief : Philippines economic forecast only nation revised up in 2012
Springfield , Massachusetts  CNN  -- A former police chief was found not guilty Friday of involuntary manslaughter in the 2008 death of an 8-year-old boy who accidentally shot himself with a micro Uzi machine gun during a gun show . Former Pelham , Massachusetts , Police Chief Edward Fleury , 53 , was also acquitted of three counts of furnishing a machine gun to a minor in connection with the show that he helped organize . It was held at the Westfield Sportsman 's Club in Westfield , Massachusetts . During the gun show , 8-year-old Christopher Bizilj was firing the micro Uzi when he accidentally shot himself in the head . He died instantly . Upon hearing the verdict , Fleury broke into tears . He later hugged his wife and spoke to reporters outside the courtroom , offering his condolences to the Bizilj family . "  This was meant to be an educational event for people and unfortunately this terrible accident happened , " Fleury said , his voice heavy with emotion . "  And I do want to express my heartfelt sympathy to the Bizilj family and their friends for this terrible accident . " Christopher 's father , Charles Bizilj , was present at the time of the shooting and videotaped the entire incident . Parts of that tape were shown to the jury , which also heard emotional testimony from the father . The trial lasted 10 days . "  I ran over to him . His eyes were open and I saw no reason for him to be on the ground . And I tried to talk to him and he did n't respond . I put my hand behind his head to try to pick him up and there was a large portion of his cranium missing . And I put my hand against the back of his head , " Charles Bizilj told members of the Hampden County jury . Fleury faced up to 20 years in prison if convicted of involuntary manslaughter and up to 10 years for each count of furnishing a machine gun to a minor . His lawyer , Rosemary Scapicchio , had argued that while Fleury helped organize the show , he was n't directly responsible and had n't actually given guns to the children there . Carl Giuffre and Domenico Spano have also been charged in connection with the incident . The two were in charge of the show 's shooting range and are accused of having provided the Uzi that killed Christopher Bizilj . Prosecutor William Bennett said he will decide next week whether to proceed with the case against them , given Fleury 's acquittal .	Edward Fleury is acquitted of involuntary manslaughter He had been charged after a boy accidentally shot himself during a gun show Fleury helped organize the event He is also acquitted of three counts of furnishing a machine gun to a minor
San Diego , California  CNN  -- You almost have to feel sorry for President Obama . Almost . You know you 're having a tough week when you 're essentially being called untruthful by , of all people , Bill Clinton , who knows a thing or two about stretching the truth . At the very least , Clinton insisted that Obama -- in trying to sell Obamacare to the American people -- should not have broken his promise that , if they liked their doctor and health care plan , they could keep both . For millions of Americans , perhaps tens of millions , this has n't been the case . Their policies were cancelled . Even while continuing to express support for the Affordable Care Act , Clinton suggested that people should be able to stay with what they had before the legislation took effect "  even if it takes a change in the law . " That is easier said than done . There is no easy fix that would n't rip out the foundation of Obamacare . Meanwhile , millions of Americans lose health care coverage that , defenders of Obamacare insist , was n't very good anyway . Maybe not . But here is what is probably going through the mind of people like the ones whose individual policies were canceled or the single mom with three kids who was kicked off her company 's health plan because she works part-time and must take her chances on the Obamacare exchange : "  It was n't perfect but at least it was something . " Meanwhile , on the other end of the health care seesaw , according to official figures released Wednesday , just 106,000 Americans signed up . And that figure generously includes those who selected a plan but have n't paid yet . For what it is worth , only about 26,000 of those 106,000 managed to enroll through the troubled federal website that became a national punchline : www.HealthCare.gov . So , in other words , while we 're only a month into this social experiment , those who have been inconvenienced by Obamacare outnumber , by a wide margin , those who have signed up to be helped by it . And if you think what is happening on the federal level is nutty , just take a look at the local exchanges . How 's this for a math problem ? In Washington D.C. , just five people enrolled even though officials spent $ 133,573,928 to set up the exchange . That 's $ 26,714,785.60 per enrollee . We knew that sometimes the safety net becomes a hammock . Now we know that , sometimes , the hammock is made of gold . None of this looks good . But it looks especially bad to Democrats who are up for re-election in 2014 . Many of them are running for the hills . A group of about a dozen of them have given the White House until Friday to come up with a way for people to keep their health care coverage . You 'll recall that every single Democratic lawmaker in both houses voted in favor of Obamacare , the very law that they 're now trying to change . It would have been nice if they had made those changes through amendments before voting for the final bill . That 's how it is supposed to work . After the fiasco at the Bay of Pigs , President John F. Kennedy famously noted that "  victory has a thousand fathers , but defeat is an orphan . " Well , it 's not just defeat that has no parents . We learned this week that the orphanages are also filled with massive , costly and inefficient government programs that give new meaning to the phrase "  bureaucratic nightmare . " These programs fine people for not buying a product from a website that does n't work right , and they have caused an upheaval where -- under the pretense of ensuring that all Americans have health insurance -- several million Americans who had health insurance wake up to find that they no longer do . Obama either knew this would happen and he lied , or he was grossly mistaken . Either way , an important promise has been broken and a sacred trust violated . And while , politicians break promises all the time , this one is in a whole different category . This is n't the metaphorical "  chicken in every pot " that never materialized . This is about government coming into your home and taking away the chicken that you planned to feed to your family for dinner . There 's a big difference . And voters know it . Many Americans do n't just feel disappointed and underserved . They feel injured , betrayed and lied to by their leaders -- and especially by Obama . In a Quinnipiac University poll released this week , Obama 's job approval rating has dropped to a record low : just 39 % of Americans approve of how he is handling the job , while 54 % disapprove . Only 19 % of Americans say they believe the quality of their health care will improve in the next year , while 43 % say it will get worse and 33 % do n't think it will impact their coverage one way or another . But here 's the real problem for the White House and the entire administration . In the same poll , more Americans than not are questioning the president 's integrity . A majority of voters -- 52 % -- say that Obama is not honest and trustworthy , compared to 44 % who disagree . It was n't supposed to be this way . When Obama took office in January 2009 , he promised to be an improvement on previous presidents . He promised an administration that was honest and transparent . The rollout of Obamacare has been neither of those things . Someone has to pay for that . And , if voters have anything to say about it next year , someone will . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ruben Navarrette .	Ruben Navarrette : It 's been a tough week for Obama , including criticism from Clinton He says millions of Americans are seeing policies canceled , only small numbers signing up Democrats running for re-election in 2014 are getting nervous , he says Obama 's poll ratings are taking a hit due to lack of confidence in his words , he says
CNN  -- On the first anniversary of an explosion on the Deepwater Horizon offshore drilling platform , which triggered the biggest oil disaster in U.S. history , BP filed suit Wednesday against the manufacturer of the rig platform 's blowout preventer . "  BP has sued Cameron for its faulty design and manufacture of the blowout preventer  BOP  and its negligence in the maintenance and modification of the BOP , a critical safety device that failed to prevent the blowout of the Macondo well , " BP spokesman Scott Dean said in a statement . "  When activated in a loss-of-control situation , a BOP , through one of its preventers known as the blind shear rams , is designed to cut through drill pipe that may be across the BOP and seal the well to contain the hydrocarbons and keep them from flowing to the rig , " Dean said . A report released March 23 determined that the oil spill was caused by a piece of drill pipe trapped in the rig platform 's blowout preventer , a device intended to stop oil from flowing into the Gulf . The report was commissioned by various U.S. agencies , including the Interior Department and the Department of Homeland Security . The Interior Department has said a much broader report that relies on additional sources of data , including eyewitness accounts and photos , will be released this summer . Meanwhile , officials in Louisiana Wednesday called on BP to make good on its promises to make everything right . "  We continue to call on BP to fulfill the promises of their ads , " said Gov. Bobby Jindal . "  We continue to call on BP to truly make it right , here in Louisiana . We have 300 miles of our coast that continue to be oiled . " Jindal said he has called on BP "  not to wait five years , 10 years , 20 years , " to make key payments as part of the Natural Resources Damage Assessment process . "  We know those payments could be hundreds of millions , maybe even billions of dollars . We again call on BP to make these payments within days , not weeks , not months ... so we can proceed with restoring our coast . "  We stood here with some leaders from BP toward the end of last year and they made promises -- promises about replanting oysters , promises about building a saltwater hatchery -- and those promises have still not been kept . " Jindal said he was also calling on both BP and the U.S. Coast Guard to continue to clean up the shoreline , noting that "  40 % of the Louisiana coastline that had been oiled during this spill continue to be oiled today . " The oil spill has prompted a flood of lawsuits against BP , Transocean and Halliburton from a variety of plaintiffs , including owners of Gulf businesses who say they suffered heavy financial losses because of the spill . Transocean owned the Deepwater Horizon oil rig . Halliburton installed the rig 's cement casing . The plaintiffs also include Transocean shareholders who contend the company falsely claimed it had remedied past safety problems with its blowout preventers before the Gulf spill . Dean said BP is filing suit "  as part of the legal process to ensure that all parties involved in the Macondo well are appropriately held accountable for their roles in contributing to the Deepwater Horizon accident . " Billy Nungesser , president of Plaquemines Parish , was among the officials joining Jindal at a news conference . "  We need to see the sense of urgency , " Nungesser said . "  I stand here today , a year later , and I still ca n't look you in the eye and tell you who 's in charge , " he said , repeating a statement he made Tuesday night in an interview with CNN 's "  In The Arena " host Eliot Spitzer . "  We need to make sure we begin coastal restoration this week -- not next year , not the following year , " Nungesser added . Jindal and other officials remembered the 11 people killed on the Deepwater Horizon , saying they were heroes . In a statement , BP Chief Executive Bob Dudley said , "  We remember 11 fellow workers and we deeply regret the loss of their lives . " The company said its thoughts are with their families , friends and colleagues . "  We also remember those who were injured and affected in other ways by the accident and the subsequent oil spill , " Dudley said . "  We are committed to meet our obligations to those affected by this tragedy and we will continue our work to strengthen safety and risk management across BP . " On its website , BP lays out numerous steps it has taken , including payments made . The company says it paid nearly $ 400 million in response to more than 150,000 individual and business claims . It also paid $ 1.14 billion to federal , state and local governmental entities to cover claims , response and removal costs and payments . In 2010 , BP paid $ 5 billion into a $ 20 billion trust designed to satisfy claims adjudicated by the Gulf Coast Claims Facility , and the company "  is committed to making additional payments of $ 1.25 billion each quarter until the end of 2013 , " it says . CNN 's Eric Gershon contributed to this report .	NEW : BP claims blowout preventer had faulty design and manufacture Gov. Jindal : Some BP promises "  have still not been kept " "  We need to see the sense of urgency , " a parish president says 11 victims are remembered as heroes
CNN  -- When Haile Gebrselassie speaks people listen . The Ethiopian double Olympic gold medalist , who won the 10,000 meter title at four consecutive World Championships between 1993 and 1999 , knows talent when he sees it . So when Gebrselassie labeled Nigerian sprinter Obinna Metu "  a bundle of talent who has a very bright future because he is ready to learn , " people began to sit up and take notice . Most of all Metu himself , who as the fastest sprinter in Nigeria is determined to emulate Gebrselassie 's success . "  I want people to be hearing my name , I 'd love to be famous , " Metu told CNN 's Human to Hero series . "  I 'm thinking of a way to develop my name and sports can help me achieve this . I want to let the whole world know that I exist . " Father figure Metu and Gebrselassie 's paths crossed at the G4S 4Teen Program , which Metu says is "  all about helping the young athletes to develop their talent through financial back-ups . " The pair recently spent time together in the Ethiopian capital of Addis Ababa where they hope to inspire the next generation of athletes . But while hundreds of children watched on in awe it was Metu who was starstruck by Gebrselassie -- a man he describes as a father-like figure . "  Because of his inspirational talks I 'm able to withstand the challenges on the track -- he gives me fatherly advice , " said Metu . "  He has made me understand that to become a great person in track and field or even in sports in general , you have to train your mind to cope with pressure . "  If you can not handle the pressure then I do n't think you can have the qualities to become a champion . "  I could tell that he was able to deal with the pressure and that 's why he set so many records . To have him as my mentor is a great thing and will always live in my memory . " Bolt While most athletes would dream of having just one mentor with the experience and success of Gebrselassie , Metu is in the enviable position of having two -- and the second one is n't too bad either . "  Usain Bolt is lovely , " Metu said of the world 's fastest man . "  He 's the kind of person everyone would like to be , to be where he is . "  Because he 's generous , he does n't discriminate , he does n't really show that he 's a champion , he does n't scare people away from him . "  He always wants people to be close to him . He plays a lot , if you 're a champion or if you 're not a champion , he recognizes everybody . " Jamaica 's Bolt , a six-time Olympic gold medalist , is regarded as one of the finest sprinters in history as well as one of the most charismatic athletes on the circuit . But behind his bravado and confident streak is a man who is desperate to help his fellow competitors , according to Metu . "  Usain made my stay wonderful in Jamaica , " he said . "  Usain would always say ` Africa , come on , let 's go ' . He does n't differentiate . "  He always remembers how he started . He always remembers ` hey , I was once like this guy , so I have to encourage them ' . "  He really does encourage people ; he encourages young people around him to keep what they know best . " Personal best Bolt 's work with Metu has already reaped dividends with the Nigerian producing a season 's best of 10.11 following his time with the Olympic 100 and 200 meter champion . The opportunity to work with sprinters and coaches outside of his own country was important to Metu , who believes the lack of top training partners in Nigeria has hampered his progress . By working in the U.S. alongside some of the biggest names in athletics such as Bolt and Yohan Blake , Metu has gained the kind of experience he could never have gained in Nigeria . "  I think training with these guys teaches you how to manage yourself in the competition , " he added . "  It helps you realize that you should n't fear champions . It makes you recognize that one day I 'll be like this guy . "  If you train with a champion then hopefully you 'll turn out the same way . That 's why it was such a great opportunity when I trained with Usain Bolt . " New challenge Already a champion in his own country , Metu is desperate to push the boundaries of his success and challenge the Jamaicans and Americans in the big tournaments . Racing against the same athletes within Nigeria no longer holds any appeal nor is it challenging enough -- he 's the big fish in the small pond and that has to change . "  I 'm the fastest man in Nigeria and everybody 's looking up to me -- they want to beat Obinna Metu , " he said . "  I 'm unbeaten in the national trials for the past four years . I still need to do a lot of things to do to become a champion . My mental target is not to win national trials . "  It 's no longer any news to me , I do n't call it a victory . If I win I do n't celebrate that much . "  I 'm looking forward to winning a medal at the World Championships or at the Olympic Games . That 's what I 'm focusing on now . " The opportunity to star at the Olympics began as a far fetched dream . It was during his time at school that Metu decided to pursue sprinting and attempt to follow in the footsteps of his hero , Olusoji Fasuba . Fasuba , an Olympic bronze medalist and a Commonwealth Games silver medalist , provided the inspiration for Metu , who at five years his senior had already become a household name in Nigeria . The two men came face to face at the national Olympic trials in 2008 with Metu defeating Fasuba and taking the title as Nigeria 's fastest man following a thrilling 100 meter contest . It was a proud moment for Metu , who also won a bronze medal in the 200 meters at the 2007 World Championships as well as a gold medal at the All African Games in Algeria . Olympic bow That success ensured he arrived at the 2008 Olympics in Beijing full of confidence -- finishing second in his 100m heat with a time of 10.34 seconds before recording a time of 20.62 in the 200m . Disappointment followed in the 4x100m relay -- a nightmare baton exchange led to disqualification and ended any hopes of medal success . But that failure failed to dent Metu 's spirit . Competing at the Olympics in Beijing and then at London four years later remains a proud achievement -- but is by no means the most important of his life . That came when he graduated from the University of Nigeria , Nsukka , with a degree in Business Management . "  My greatest achievement is that I 'm an international athlete and a graduate , " he said . "  It 's something to boast of , because I do n't know about Western countries , but I do know about the African mentality . "  They always see sportsmen as people who do n't go to school -- as a nuisance . People used to see sportsmen and women as uneducated , people who wasted their time . "  So I am proud to say , ` OK , I 'm able to combine sports and my educational career and combine them successfully ' . "  Every year I 'm counting my achievements . It 's not as if winning national trials is the best achievement in track and field . "  They say that charity begins at home . You have to show that you are good in your own country before showing the rest of the world that you are good . " Family man Metu 's family were certainly proud of him when he won gold medals in both the 100 and 200m at the West African University Games in Ghana . From there he moved on to the very first training camp held by the G4S 4teen Program in Kenya where under the guidance of Gebrselassie he has flourished . His success working alongside the likes of Bolt and Gebrselassie has helped Metu not just blossom as an athlete , but as a person . But there is no doubt in his own mind where the roots of his success stemmed from . "  I 'm a product of my family . My family do not regret they have me in this world , " he said . "  They say ` Ah that 's my son ' . My mum , brothers and sisters are all proud of me . "  They say , ` Yes Obinna , you 're making us proud out there ' and that 's it . I think it 's a great achievement for me . " Perhaps in time he 'll make Gebrselassie proud too .	Obinna Metu is Nigeria 's fastest man Metu has trained with Usain Bolt and long-distance legend Haile Gebrselassie Successfully combined his athletics career with education to gain a university degree Dreams of winning a gold medal at the Olympics or World Championships
President Barack Obama did n't know of problems with the Affordable Care Act 's website -- despite insurance companies ' complaints and the site 's crashing during a test run -- until after its now well-documented abysmal launch , the nation 's health chief told CNN on Tuesday . Rough Obamacare rollout : 4 reasons why In an exclusive interview with Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius , CNN 's Dr. Sanjay Gupta asked when the President first learned about the considerable issues with the Obamacare website . Sebelius responded that it was in "  the first couple of days " after the site went live October 1 . "  But not before that ? " Gupta followed up . To which Sebelius replied , "  No , sir . " Sebelius admitted that there is concern in her department and the White House over the technical debacle surrounding the website rollout , saying "  no one could be more frustrated than I am and the president . " The site was supposed to make it simple for people to search and sign-up for new health care policies starting on October 1 , but instead it 's been clunky and , at times , inoperable . "  We 're not at all satisfied with the workings of the website , " Sebelius said . "  We want it to be smooth and easy and let consumers compare plans . " Obama : No ` sugarcoating ' problems with website She noted how a team of high-tech experts from within the government and from Silicon Valley , and led by Jeff Zients -- a former CEO and acting director of the Office of Management and Budget , who will oversee the process for the next few months -- is coming to help address the issues . Their arrival was announced earlier Tuesday . Why were n't they brought in before the website launched October 1 ? "  We  had  hoped that they had their ` A-Team ' on the table " from the start , Sebelius said of the contractors and agencies responsible for the project . As to now , "  We want new eyes and ears . We want to make sure that we get all the questions on the table , that we get all the answers and accelerator the fix as quickly as possible . " The secretary attributed some of the problems to "  extremely high " volume , claiming nearly 20 million people came to the Obamacare website in the first three weeks after its launched . Yet only a fraction of those have signed up for new health care policies ; Sebelius said Tuesday that 500,000 accounts had been created , but that does n't mean all those people enrolled in a plan . Obamacare applications near half million It 's not like no one saw this coming . A number of insurance companies complained of problems ahead of the October 1 launch , and the website crashed during a test run although just a few hundred users were on it . Despite the issues , the Obama administration went forward with the website . Report : Site failed ahead of rollout "  There are people in this country who have waited for decades for affordable health coverage for themselves and their families , " said Sebelius , explaining why the launch was n't pushed back . " ... So waiting is not really an option . " Opinion : Obamacare a disaster that needs fixing Republicans -- who , even before the website 's launch , had made targeting the program a centerpiece of their agenda , even initially insisting they would n't vote to fund the entire government unless Obamacare was defunded or delayed -- have been vociferous critics . They claim that the website 's woes show that Obama 's administration and the federal government generally are n't capable of executing what the GOP says was an ill-advised program from the get-go . "  God only knows how much money they 've spent , and it 's a failure , " Sen. Mitch McConnell , the leading Republican in the Senate , said Sunday on CBS . "  The government is n't going to be able to get this job done correctly . " On the other side , Democratic Sen. Jeanne Shaheen of New Hampshire sent a letter to Obama asking that the open enrollment period be extended past March 31 , 2014 , and that he consider delaying assessment of a penalty to individuals who do n't sign up for any health insurance before the so-called "  individual mandate " kicks in . "  As you continue to fix problems with the website and the enrollment process , it is critical that the administration be open to modifications that provide greater flexibility for the American people seeking to access health insurance , " Shaheen wrote . Even the man whose name is forever tied to the health care reform has been critical , insisting Monday there 's "  no excuse for the problems " while at the same time insisting these should not equate to blanket condemnation of the Affordable Care Act as a whole . "  Nobody 's madder than me about the website not working as well as it should , " Obama said , "  which means it 's going to get fixed . " Several top Republicans -- including 2012 vice presidential nominee Rep. Paul Ryan -- have called on Sebelius herself to step down due to the program 's problems . The secretary skirted questions Tuesday about whether she 'd step down , saying only that she works "  at the pleasure of the president " and is committed to her job . "  I think my job is to get this fully implemented and to get the website working right , " Sebelius told Gupta . "  And that 's really what I 'm focused on . " While refusing to give a timetable Tuesday as to when the website will be fully operational , Sebelius insisted "  it 's improving every day , and more people are getting through . " "  More people are having an easier time , " she said , "  and we intend to stay at this until we open the door 's wide open . " Rubio calls for delay of Obamacare sign-up deadline And it 's too early to call the rollout a failure , the health secretary argued . There 's a long way to go for people to take advantage in person , by calling or by using the website during the open-enrollment period . When that six-month stretch is over , Sebelius said , people can make more valid judgments as to whether this part of Obamacare is a success or failure . CNN Fact Check : Obamacare Sebelius , rather than being disheartened by the website criticisms , says that what 's happened so far leaves her optimistic . "  What we 're seeing in not only the states that are run by the federal website , but states around the country , is that interest is huge , " she said . "  People are eager to have this affordable product , and that product is there . "	Democratic senator urges Obama to extend enrollment , delay "  mandate " penalty Sebelius : Obama did n't know of issues , despite companies ' complaints , crash during test run Delaying the website 's launch was "  not really an option , " Sebelius says She tells CNN an "  A-Team " of experts coming in , 3 weeks after launch
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- White House hopeful Hillary Clinton has raked in several high profile endorsements as she campaigns for president , but the latest may not be greeted with open arms . Former "  Hollywood Madam " Heidi Lynne Fleiss Heidi Lynne Fleiss , the former "  Hollywood Madam " who was convicted on charges connected to a prostitution ring in 1995 , is a big supporter of the New York Democrat 's White House bid , the Las Vegas Review-Journal reports . "  I 'm a big fan of Hillary 's . Any woman who 's smart , how can you not be ? " Fleiss told the paper . "  Even if you 're a Republican , if you 're a woman and you 're smart , you have to respect her . " Fleiss currently resides in Nevada -- now a early primary state -- and runs a laundromat , called "  Dirty Laundry . " The paper reports Fleiss actually tried to attend a Clinton campaign rally in Pahrump , Nevada , last week , but was turned away because the building was filled to capacity . According to Las Vegas ' KLAS , Fleiss is trying to make it to the White House herself or at least a replica of it . She 's currently seeking to open a brothel in Nevada that is an exact recreation of the first family 's home . Fleiss is n't the first former madam to express support for Clinton 's White House Bid . Deborah Jeanne Palfrey , also known as the "  D.C. Madam , " said last May she 's pulling for Clinton . And , famed porn star Jenna Jameson has also said she is supporting the New York senator . The Clinton campaign did not respond to a request for comment . E-mail to a friend	Heidi Lynne Fleiss , the former "  Hollywood Madam , " backs Sen. Hillary Clinton Fleiss convicted of charges related to an alleged prostitution ring in 1995 Fleiss on Clinton : "  If you 're a woman and you 're smart , you have to respect her . "
A British investment banker has been charged with murder in Hong Kong over the killings of two young Indonesian women at a high-rise apartment in the heart of the densely populated city . One of the victims was discovered stuffed inside a suitcase on the balcony of the 31st-floor apartment . The other was found lying inside with cuts on her body . The suspect , a 29-year-old man named Rurik Jutting , appeared before a magistrates ' court in Hong Kong on Monday on two charges of murder . Wearing black-rimmed glasses , a black T-shirt , and dark jeans , Jutting was not handcuffed . He responded "  I do " when asked by the court clerk if he understood the charges against him but did n't enter a plea . Police called in early hours Police said they were called to the upmarket apartment in the popular nightlife district of Wan Chai early Saturday morning by Jutting , a former Bank of America employee . They first discovered a woman lying inside the one-bedroom residence , identified by local media as a disc jockey at a neighborhood pub . The woman , 29 , had cuts on her neck and buttock , according to a police statement . She was pronounced dead at the scene . Court documents said the woman , later identified as Seneng Mujiasih , had been killed Saturday . Officers later discovered the body of another woman , with wounds on her neck , inside a suitcase on the apartment 's balcony . Victims said to be killed days apart The second victim was identified as Sumarti Ningsih , according to court documents , which said she had been killed on October 27 , five days before her body was found . Both women were Indonesian citizens , said Pangky Saputra , vice consul at the Indonesian Consulate in Hong Kong . Sumarti was a 25-year-old who entered Hong Kong last month on a tourist visa , according to a report in the South China Morning Post . When they arrived at the apartment , police discovered a grisly scene , with the residence covered in blood , the newspaper reported . The throat of the unidentified victim had been slashed , it said . Police said they arrested the suspect after finding a knife at the scene . Autopsies will be performed on the victims to determine the cause of death , authorities said . Career in investment banking Court documents gave his occupation as a "  banker " for Bank of America in Hong Kong . Paul Scanlon , a spokesman for Bank of America Merrill Lynch in Hong Kong , said that a person named Rurik Jutting had worked there but left the bank recently . He declined to comment further on the case . The social network LinkedIn lists a profile for Jutting that says he had worked in structured equity finance and trading for the bank in Hong Kong since July 2013 . Before that , he worked in the same division in London for three years . According to the profile , he previously worked in capital markets for the British bank Barclays from 2008 to 2010 and studied history and law at the prestigious University of Cambridge between 2004 and 2008 . The British Foreign Office confirmed Sunday that a British citizen was arrested in Hong Kong on suspicion of murder , but did not release the name , citing regulations . Luxurious apartment building Jutting did n't apply for bail on Monday . He will remain in jail until his next court appearance on November 10 . J Residence , the upscale apartment building where the bodies were found , is described by real estate websites as popular with expatriates for its luxurious facilities , including a heated rooftop swimming pool . The site squarefoot.com lists similar apartments to the one Jutting was staying in as available at monthly rents of 21,000 Hong Kong dollars to 29,000 Hong Kong dollars  $ 2,700 to $ 3,700  . The Wan Chai district , a commercial and residential area on Hong Kong Island , is known for its high number of restaurants , bars and nightclubs -- as well as its long-established red-light district . The case has shocked many residents of Hong Kong , which is often described as one of the safest big cities in the world . Reports of the deaths stirred memories of the case of Nancy Kissel , an American woman who was convicted of the 2003 killing of her banker husband , whose body was found in the storeroom of the couple 's luxury apartment four days after his death .	The suspect , Rurik Jutting , appears before a Hong Kong court but does n't enter a plea The 29-year-old Briton , who recently left his job at Bank of America , faces two murder charges Both victims were Indonesian ; one body was found inside a suitcase Police describe a violent and bloody scene inside a luxury highrise building
Sanford , Florida  CNN  -- A neighbor and friend of George Zimmerman 's said Tuesday on CNN that their neighborhood had suffered eight burglaries , all committed by young black men , in the 15 months prior to Trayvon Martin 's shooting . Frank Taaffe 's account paints a picture of a neighborhood watch volunteer making rounds in a community suffering a spate of burglaries when he ran across what he thought was a suspicious figure walking the streets . Police records appear to only partially substantiate Taaffe 's claims about the burglaries , citing three of eight cases in which suspects were identified as black males . Martin 's family and supporters say Zimmerman , who is Hispanic , profiled Martin , who was black , as "  suspicious " and ignored a police dispatcher 's request not follow him . Martin did not live in Sanford , but was there with his father , whose fiance ' lives in Zimmerman 's neighborhood . Zimmerman , 28 , fatally shot Martin , 17 , on February 26 . The case has triggered a nationwide debate about Florida 's "  stand your ground " law , race and racial profiling . Zimmerman , a neighborhood watch volunteer , has said he killed Martin in self-defense , saying the teen punched him and slammed his head into a sidewalk before the shooting , according to family members and police . Martin family attorney Jasmine Rand said that Zimmerman "  was the aggressor . " "  He pursued Trayvon in this instance . If he did have any medical injuries , that did not give him the right to use deadly force and shoot and kill Trayvon , " Rand said . Here 's what police documents have to say about Taaffe 's account of the burglaries in his neighborhood : City officials posted police reports to the city website detailing eight burglary reports in the neighborhood in the 14 months prior to Martin 's February 26 death . In three of those incidents , black males were implicated by witnesses or arrests . A fourth incident was less clear . A homeowner who reported that someone had broken into her home and had stolen a video game console referred police to a black man who had previously visited her home asking for her son . Police do not list that man as a suspect in their report . In the other four incidents , there were no witnesses or suspects , according to police reports . It was not clear if the documents posted to Sanford 's website include all burglary incidents in the time period mentioned by Taaffe . A city spokeswoman did not immediately respond to a request for comments . Taaffe declined further comment to CNN on Tuesday afternoon . In his CNN interview , Taaffe credited Zimmerman with preventing what he said would have been a ninth burglary by reporting a suspicious black man trying to break into Taaffe 's home . City documents show that Zimmerman did call police on February 2 to report a black man was possibly trying to break into the house . By the time police arrived , no one was at the scene , according to a call log posted on the city website . Zimmerman 's supporters say he was just trying to do the right thing in guarding his neighborhood . "  It was just a perfect storm that all of the components were there for this tragedy to transpire , " Taaffe told CNN Tuesday . Martin 's father , Tracy Martin questions why Zimmerman suspected his son . When asked what he would say to Zimmerman if he had a chance to speak to him , Tracy Martin told CNN 's Piers Morgan : "  I would ask him why did he in fact pick out my son , what was going through his mind that night ? " CNN 's Tracy Sabo contributed to this report .	George Zimmerman 's friend says black men were behind eight neighborhood burglaries Police reports tie three incidents to black men Martin 's family say that Zimmerman profiled Trayvon Martin
CNN  -- Lionel Messi has been dragged into the row about racism in football , but his club Barcelona insists that accusations against the three-time world player of the year are "  well wide of the mark . " Messi is said to have frequently directed a racial term at Real Madrid 's Royston Drenthe during matches in the Spanish top flight . Drenthe , who has spent this season on loan at English Premier League club Everton , claimed in an interview with a Dutch magazine that Messi repeatedly called him "  negro "  meaning black  . It is the same word that caused huge controversy in English football this season when Manchester United 's black defender Patrice Evra accused Liverpool striker Luis Suarez of using the term several times during a Premier League match between the teams . Suarez was banned for eight matches and fined # 40,000  $ 64,330  . He maintained that the word "  negro " is used commonly in his native Uruguay and is not a form of racial abuse . But Barcelona strongly rejected any suggestion that Argentine forward Messi would have used the same term . "  The player has always shown a maximum respect and sportsmanship towards his rivals , something which has been recognized by his fellow professionals many times , and we are sure that any accusations to the contrary are well wide of the mark , " a spokesman said . "  His behavior throughout his career has always been exemplary . " Messi has had another outstanding season individually , scoring an unprecedented 72 goals in all competitions and a record 50 in La Liga alone ahead of Saturday 's final match at Real Betis . However , his team have fallen short of their usual high standards , losing out in the Spanish title race to Real Madrid and suffering a shock loss to Chelsea in the Champions League semifinals when Messi hit the bar with a crucial penalty in the second leg . Drenthe 's spell at Everton has ended miserably . The 25-year-old has n't been picked since he was dropped from the FA Cup semifinal against Liverpool on April 14 for unspecified disciplinary reasons . The Dutch midfielder joined Real Madrid for a reported $ 14 million  $ 18.1 million  in 2007 but has spent the last two seasons out on loan . He has been quoted as saying he wants to return to Feyenoord , where he played before joining Madrid .	Royston Drenthe accuses Lionel Messi of calling him "  negro " during matches Barcelona say the accusations against Messi "  are well wide of the mark " Drenthe on loan at Everton from Real Madrid but has been left out recently for disciplinary reasons
CNN  -- Doctors treating Andrea Yates , who drowned her five children in a bathtub in 2001 , will ask that she be allowed to leave her mental hospital for two hours each week to attend church , her attorney said Thursday . "  It is a recommendation of the doctors that she be permitted to attend , and of course she wants to , " attorney George Parnham said . "  It would be both beneficial and mentally therapeutic for her . She has been accepted into a congregation . It is simply a baby step in the right direction toward acclimation into a community down the road of sorts . " Yates ' doctors at Kerrville State Hospital , in Kerrville , Texas , will make the request of the trial judge "  in the next week or two , " Parnham said . "  I am all for it , but of course it is the judge 's decision and we all recognize it , " he said . Now 47 , Yates "  has not been seen or been a part of any portion of society for the last 11 years , " Parnham said Thursday . During her first trial in 2002 , jurors heard taped interviews in which Yates said that she thought Satan was sending her messages and that she was sending her children -- Noah , 7 ; John , 5 ; Paul , 3 ; Luke , 2 ; and Mary , 6 months -- to heaven and sparing them from hell when she killed them on June 20 , 2001 . Several medical experts testified that she suffered from schizophrenia , depression and other medical conditions . Parnham argued Yates was suffering from a "  full-blown psychosis . " "  If this woman does n't meet the test of insanity in this state , then nobody does , " Parnham told the jury . "  We might as well wipe it from the books . " But jurors rejected her insanity defense and sentenced her to life in prison for the deaths of three of the children . A state appeals court overturned the conviction because an expert witness for the state , a psychiatrist , testified erroneously that the television series "  Law and Order " had aired an episode about a woman suffering from post-partum depression who drowned her children . In 2006 , a second jury found Yates not guilty by reason of insanity , meaning she was committed to a state mental facility . Her former husband , Russell Yates , said at the time he was pleased with that verdict . "  Yes , Andrea took the lives of our children , " he said . "  That 's the truth . But also , yes , she was insane . Yes , she was psychotic on that day . That 's the whole truth . " Yates had been on anti-psychotic medication and attempted suicide before the killings . "  We took her to a psychiatrist and the psychiatrist failed us , " Russell Yates has said . He has since remarried . "  Mental illness is the culprit " in the deaths , Parnham told CNN affiliate KPRC this week . "  There were six victims that day , and Andrea is one of them . " CNN 's Carma Hassan contributed to this report .	Yates is being treated at a Texas state hospital She drowned her five children in a bathtub in 2001 She wants to be released weekly for two hours to go to church "  It is simply a baby step in the right direction , " her attorney says
While President Barack Obama has relaunched a massive public relations effort for the Affordable Care Act , Republican opponents to the law have also implemented a relaunch of sorts . Absent from their public outcry is any talk of repeal . It is a deliberate and significant shift in strategy for Republicans in the House after years of beating the drum of repeal . For the first time since they regained control of the House in 2011 , Republicans have no plans at the moment to bring up a bill to repeal the law -- something they have done nearly 50 times . Instead , "  We 'll continue to do everything we can to protect the American people from the effects of this awful law , " said Michael Steel , House Speaker John Boehner 's spokesman , without saying that repeal was still part of the plan . A confluence of events hampered the Republican repeal effort and put it on pause . Stand back The problems with the Affordable Care Act exist beyond its balky website . The troubled roll out of Obamacare has also forced the President to delay multiple important components of the law , including the insurance marketplace for small businesses and the requirement that businesses with 50 or more employees provide their workers with health insurance or face fines . Republicans realized they should have let the launch play out , instead their shutdown distracted from the Obamacare debacle . "  Never interfere when your opponent is committing suicide , " Michael Tanner , senior fellow working on health care at the libertarian Cato Institute , said . Instead , Republicans have gone to great lengths to promote the negative aspects of the law by launching their own public relations campaign . The strategy is outlined in a 17-page Republican playbook that CNN reported last month . During a news conference on Tuesday , Republican leaders did n't utter the word "  repeal " once . Instead , they promoted reports that people have been canceled from their low-coverage insurance plans and that insurance plans in the exchanges have dropped doctors and hospitals from plan options . "  The American people want to be able to pick their own type of health insurance , they want to be able to pick their own doctor and they want to be able to pick their own hospital , " Boehner told reporters Tuesday . "  It 's all negative , " Tanner said of the Republican strategy . "  It 's to form this general feeling out there that it 's failed . " The law 's the law Additionally , Republican opposition had been based on hypotheticals , now the rhetoric has become reality . "  We 're not going back , " Obama said earlier this week . "  I mean , that seems to be the only alternative that Obamacare 's critics have is , well , let 's just go back to the status quo . " Obama urges young supporters to talk up Obamacare With that strategy , Republicans could deprive the President of that argument . Republican strategist Ron Bonjean said the change happened because circumstances changed . "  The effort to defund Obamacare is that people were n't experiencing it yet . " Now , "  voters are starting to experience bad news , " he said . "  As the law is being implemented , millions are either losing health care or having premiums go up , and Republicans want to make sure that everyone recognizes that . " That has caused Republicans to move away from their blanket calls for repeal to highlighting problems with the law . Additionally , they could be proactively looking down the road . While some are being negatively impacted by the law , millions are expected to benefit . Salon 's Brian Beutler wrote , "  I think Republican leaders will be extremely reluctant to hold votes to nakedly destroy the law . " Reality "  To get rid of it completely would be very difficult , " said Ilya Somin , law professor at George Mason University , who was involved in Republicans ' Supreme Court challenge . Democrats control the Senate and the White House . Efforts to repeal the law have gone nowhere . The Cato Institute 's Tanner said repealing the law "  has n't been a realistic option for quite some time . " Regardless , Republicans pushed by their conservative wing shut down the government for 16 days in October in an effort to defund the health care law . "  They do n't have to go down the legislative road to defund Obamacare at this point because it did n't work , " Republican strategist Ron Bonjean said . Lawmakers pass more blame than bills in do-nothing Congress The move , pushed by the most hard-right members of the party , including Texas Sen. Ted Cruz and multiple members of the House , did not sit well with the public and distracted the country from the horrible roll out of the federal health care exchanges . The race for public opinion While the Republicans have been taking to news conferences , committee hearing rooms and cable television to espouse the negative aspects of Obamacare , Obama has launched his own public relations campaign to highlight the bright parts of the law . He is working to reverse negative perceptions of the law that have increased since the law 's implementation at the beginning of October . And the President still has time . The latest CNN/ORC poll found that while only 40 % favor the law , 14 % of opponents say the law does n't go far enough . Meanwhile , 53 % say it 's too soon to tell if the law will be successful . But Tanner says the Democrats do n't have a lot of time because "  opinions harden " over time . The uncertain voter is what the Republicans are hoping to tap into . Republican risk ? Republicans might have realized that the defund or repeal argument is not politically advantageous as it is associated with the right-wing elements of the party . But that aspect of the party might not be pleased with their decision to stop trying to repeal the law . The conservative group FreedomWorks is still pushing the repeal agenda . Dean Clancy , vice president of public policy for the group , wrote in a recent news release that "  FreedomWorks plans to redouble our efforts for full repeal . " "  ObamaCare ca n't be fixed ; it needs to be uprooted , " he added . Bonjean said Republican incumbents should n't be worried about primary challengers if they drop the repeal argument in the halls of Congress because they can still espouse it on the campaign trail . "  Republicans can still say defunding or replacing Obamacare , " he said , adding that they can point to the dozens of votes taken to repeal it in the past . "  It 's hard to get  to  the right " of Republican incumbents on this issue , he said . Washington could still screw up your holidays Repeal is n't going to be possible until "  after the 2014 elections , " Bonjean said , hoping that Republicans maintain their majority in the House and gain a majority in the Senate . Regardless if Republicans continue to shelve the repeal argument , Tanner said repeal will never happen . "  There will be something on the books called the Affordable Care Act , " he said . He just does n't know what it will look like in five or 10 years . If the law proves unworkable and not beneficial for Americans , expect Democrats to join with Republicans to alter the law . On the other hand , if the law is successful and voters are pleased , the law is unlikely to be rolled back . "  If the positive stories begin to sell , then you wo n't get wholesale changes , " Tanner said .	Republican Party has shifted its strategy on Obamacare away from repealing the law GOP launched its own public relations campaign to highlight negative aspects of the law The defund strategy has proven counterproductive Some on the right still pushing for Republicans to keep repeal efforts moving
CNN  Monday 's announcement by Malaysia 's Prime Minister acknowledging that missing Flight 370 ended in the southern Indian Ocean opens the door to a big question : How did new number crunching confirm the Boeing 777 's path ? Now we know for sure "  there 's no way it went north , " said Inmarsat Senior Vice President Chris McLaughlin . Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak said Monday that the plane was last tracked over the middle of the Indian Ocean , west of Perth , Australia . Malaysian Airlines has informed passengers ' relatives that "  all lives are lost , " a relative told CNN . Monday 's announcement brings new questions about the mystery that has captivated the planet for more than two weeks . It also provoked a call that all airliners be constantly tracked . The mathematics-based process used by Inmarsat and the UK 's Air Accidents Investigation Branch  AAIB  to reveal the definitive path was described by McLaughlin as "  groundbreaking . " "  We 've done something new , " he said . Here 's how the process works in a nutshell : Inmarsat officials and engineers were able to determine whether the plane was flying away or toward the satellite 's location by expansion or compression of the satellite 's signal . What does expansion or compression mean ? You may have heard about something called the Doppler effect . "  If you sit at a train station and you listen to the train whistle -- the pitch of the whistle changes as it moves past . That 's exactly what we have , " explained CNN Meteorologist Chad Myers , who has studied Doppler technology . "  It 's the Doppler effect that they 're using on this ping or handshake back from the airplane . They know by nanoseconds whether that signal was compressed a little -- or expanded -- by whether the plane was moving closer or away from 64.5 degrees -- which is the longitude of the orbiting satellite . " Each ping was analyzed for its direction of travel , Myers said . The new calculations , McLaughlin said , underwent a peer review process with space agency experts and contributions by Boeing . It 's possible to use this analysis to determine more specifically the area where the plane went down , Myers said . "  Using trigonometry , engineers are capable of finding angles of flight . " What could wreckage tell us about Flight 370 's fate ? No surprise Experts said they were n't surprised by the news that the flight traveled along the southern track -- one of two possible paths revealed by satellite data last week . The possible northern track toward Pakistan would have been heavily monitored by radar . Pakistan had said it found no evidence of Flight 370 on its radar systems . "  It was very difficult to believe that no watch captain " along the possible northern path "  would 've seen a burning or distressed aircraft in the sky during the course of their watch , " said McLaughlin . Is the more pinpointed flight path now focused enough to increase the chances of finding wreckage from the plane ? If the flight definitely ended far from land , does that support the theory that the plane was not hijacked ? It 's just one question of many that investigators likely will be pondering in the coming days . Hours before the Prime Minister 's announcement , Australian officials said they had spotted two objects in the southern Indian Ocean that could be related to the flight , which has been missing since March 8 . One object is "  a gray or green circular object , " and the other is "  an orange rectangular object , " the Australian Maritime Safety Authority said . "  This is obviously a major tragedy , " McLaughlin said . "  The only thing you can hope is that from this , just as the Titanic resulted in  new safety legislation  , that from this , there will be a mandate that all aircraft should be constantly tracked . "	Satellite experts use "  groundbreaking " process to track Flight 370 's final hours The Malaysia Airlines Boeing 777 's last position was "  in the middle of the Indian Ocean , west of Perth " Satellite official : Hopefully , this will trigger a "  mandate that all aircraft should be constantly tracked "
Former Secretary of Health and Human Services Kathleen Sebelius called comments from Jonathan Gruber on the "  stupidity of the American voter " regarding passage of the President 's signature health care law "  totally offensive " and said she never worked with Gruber "  personally " though he worked "  with a number of our agencies . " Sebelius made her comments Monday after appearing on CNN , saying that the MIT economist was not an "  architect " of Obamacare , as some have suggested , but agreed that he could be considered one by osmosis given his role in drafting the Massachusetts health care law that she said served as a "  template " for Obamacare . But Gruber 's comments that the Obama administration misled voters could n't be further from the truth , she said . "  You could n't have debated this more . It could n't have been more open , " Sebelius said , echoing comments President Barack Obama made after videos of Gruber surfaced online this month . Aside from an appearance at the Aspen Ideas Festival this summer , Sebelius has largely steered clear of the public glare until she appeared on CNN Monday morning to promote health care enrollment period for 2015 . Sebelius resigns Sebelius also said that her successor Secretary Sylvia Burwell is "  very eager " for Sebelius to help publicize the second open enrollment period to sign up for health coverage that started this month . "  She 's very eager for me to do whatever it is that I can to help spread the word , " Sebelius said of Burwell . "  This is always an all-hands-on-deck moment to get the word out that open enrollment is underway . " Sebelius said she speaks with "  folks " in the White House on a regular basis and spoke with Burwell as recently as this weekend . She also said , "  other than politics , " she "  has no idea " why the House GOP is suing Obama over changes to the law 's implementation , but said she tries to avoid speculating on legal issues . Sebelius added she is very aware that she has become the face of the health care law and the botched rollout of the health care enrollment website . "  There 's no question that we had a very rocky rollout to the website and a miserable eight weeks that is seared in my brain as well as everybody else 's , " she said . Sebelius acknowledged that she and her team "  clearly ... did n't focus enough " on the tech side of the rollout because she was more concerned about ensuring that enough Americans signed up and enough insurers jumped into the new health marketplace . But Sebelius also touted the successes of the law , pointing to close to 8 million users who successfully used the website and the 1 million signups by January 1 , 2014 . About 6.7 million people have now signed up for health coverage under the law since the 2013 rollout . Sebelius added that Obamacare has been "  branded badly " and while many voters still balk when they hear "  Obamacare , " polls suggest that voters agree with the health care law 's components . She said the term Obamacare "  has become very , very negative , " but said individuals approve of the law 's policies to allow young people to say on their parents ' plan until they turn 26 and approve of policies preventing insurers from denying coverage due to preexisting conditions . "  I 'm not sure that we need to get people to love the act , they just need to understand what it 's about , " she said . "  If they like the pieces of it , that 's fine . " Sebelius had ` toughest job in Washington '	Sebelius said her successor is "  eager " for her to help with the open enrollment push The former Health and Human Service secretary called Jonathan Gruber 's comments "  totally offensive " She said she did n't "  focus enough " on the tech side of the Obamacare rollout And while Obamcare has been "  branded badly , " she said Americans like the policies that are part of the law
CNN  -- British royals rarely speak to the media ; the Duchess of Cambridge has done so only once . As a result , reporters rely on other people who have spoken to her for information . It could be palace sources , or even members of the public who have met Catherine during a walkabout . And while there are all sorts of questions that the public likes to ask of Prince William 's pregnant wife , the top of the list at the moment is whether she 's having a boy or a girl . It 's not an entirely trivial matter when you consider the current rush to update ancient British laws in the event the baby turns out to be a girl . At the moment , girls are leapfrogged to the throne by younger brothers -- an outdated and sexist protocol that simply is n't acceptable to this generation . So if Catherine has a daughter , that princess would make history by being the first to grow up assured of her destiny . This interest in Britain 's future head of state has turned into a frantic scramble to jump on any nugget of information that may provide clues as to the baby 's gender . That latest nugget of intelligence may have slipped from the duchess ' mouth as she chatted to Sandra Cook , a 67-year-old royal well-wisher Catherine met while on a trip to the town of Grimsby on Tuesday . Cook told reporters : "  The lady next to me gave her a teddy bear and I distinctly heard her say : ` Thank you , I will take that for my d. . . ' Then she stopped herself . I said to her : ` You were going to say daughter were n't you ? ' She said : ` No , we do n't know . ' I said : ` Oh I think you do , ' to which she said : ` We 're not telling . ' " What started as a minor Tuesday visit to northeast England ended as Wednesday 's front page news . "  Does Kate 's slip of the tongue mean her baby 's a girl ? " asked the headline of the Daily Mail newspaper , a question also splayed across the fronts of Britain 's other broadsheet papers . The Mirror event went a step further , declaring "  It 's a girl ! " to readers . Catherine 's slip was n't just front page news , however -- it caused a betting frenzy that forced two leading bookmakers , William Hill and Paddy Power , to suspend bets on the sex of the royal baby . Then , out of nowhere , a report in the Grimsby Telegraph newspaper quoted someone else who met the duchess . Katy Forrester said : "  I swear she said it was a boy ... I asked her if the baby had been kicking . I swear she replied ` Yes he is , very much so ' but no one else heard ! Either I misunderstood it , or Kate is trying to confuse us all ! " I was confused , so I followed up with a palace source who told me William and Catherine do n't know the sex of the baby , and that she said as much during the walkabout . Who knows ...	As British royals rarely speak to the media , reporters rely on other sources , says Max Foster Top of the current list of questions is if duchess is having a boy or a girl The Duchess of Cambridge 's ` slip ' prompts speculation royal baby is a girl Another report claims duchess hinted she 's having a boy
CNN  -- One Goh , the 43-year-old Korean-American man suspected in the execution-style shooting deaths at a small Christian college in California , seemed a doting son visiting his parents in senior housing . But at the same time , he was capable of displaying unbridled anger at the school , according to police and others who had contact with him . The portrait of Goh emerging one day after six women and one man were shot to death at Oikos University in Oakland is of someone who felt he was "  teased " and "  picked on " at the college , which eventually expelled him , possibly for poor behavior , police said . Goh was self-conscious of his inability to speak English like a native and felt that students and others at the school made fun of him , police said . Oakland Police Chief Howard Jordan said it was n't immediately clear why Goh had been expelled from the college but , "  We 've been told that some of the possibilities are that he was expelled for his behavioral problems , anger management , but nothing specific . " While Goh appeared close to his family , he struggled personally with significant debt , including a tax lien by the Internal Revenue Service , according to court records . His brother , a soldier , reportedly was killed last year in the line of duty . CNN affiliate KGO said the brother , a staff sergeant in the Army , died in a car accident while training with the Special Forces . After the shooting , which just lasted minutes , the gunman drove off in a victim 's car , and when the suspect surrendered to police at a grocery story in the Oakland suburb of Alameda , the gunman showed no remorse and told police he was angry about his expulsion from the college , police said . No charges have been filed yet in the mass killing as police continue their investigation , authorities said . Goh was being held Tuesday in Alameda County 's Santa Rita Jail pending an initial appearance in court this week . The early , broad impressions of Goh have drawn the attention of civic and church leaders in the city 's Korean-American community , who were scheduled to attend a memorial service in Oakland Tuesday evening . Community leaders will work together to help those living in the area and those affected directly cope with the tragedy , said June Lee , executive director of Korean Community of the East Bay , based in Oakland . Oikos University , located in a one-story structure that resembles a converted office building , caters to the Korean-American Christian community but also has students from diverse backgrounds . It offers degrees in theology , music , nursing and Asian medicine , according to its website . "  First of all , we would not want to localize this story too much , " Lee told CNN . "  We think that Koreans or Asians are mainstreamed . We 're not so much different from others . It is a tragedy and we recognize that . We 're looking for a way to help the families and the community that are impacted by this incident . " Community and faith leaders have yet to determine what issues need to be raised in the aftermath of the mass shooting , she said . "  We need to identify the issues first . All the community leaders are willing to convene and to have a collective strategy in the community , " Lee said . Meanwhile , Police Chief Jordan said that Goh , after he surrendered , did n't appear "  to be remorseful at all . " CNN 's Ashley Hayes and Catherine Shoichet contributed to this report .	One Goh visited his parents in senior housing But he was angry about Oikos University expelling him , police say Goh felt students and others teased him for his limited English speaking skills Korean-American leaders in Oakland consider a strategy to address the tragedy
CNN  -- "  Star Wars " makeup artist Stuart Freeborn , who helped create Chewbacca , Yoda , Jabba the Hutt and the otherworldly creatures in the trilogy 's famous barroom scene , has died , Lucasfilm said Wednesday . He was 98 . A creature effects artist , Freeborn also worked on other film classics and was responsible for creating the apelike human ancestors in the "  Dawn of Man " sequence in "  2001 : A Space Odyssey . " He also did the makeup for Peter Sellers in "  Doctor Strangelove , " Lucasfilm said on its starwars.com website . "  Stuart was already a makeup legend when he started on ` Star Wars , ' " said George Lucas , creator of the films . "  He brought with him not only decades of experience , but boundless creative energy . His artistry and craftsmanship will live on forever in the characters he created . His ` Star Wars ' creatures may be reinterpreted in new forms by new generations , but at their heart , they continue to be what Stuart created for the original films , " Lucas said in a statement . Playful , impish and imaginative , Freeborn played a pivotal role in developing the character Yoda for "  The Empire Strikes Back . " Director Irvin Kershner said Freeborn put his own image into Yoda the Jedi Master , giving the character inquisitive and elfin features with "  more than a passing resemblance to Freeborn himself , " Lucasfilm said . Freeborn also put his skills to work in "  Oliver Twist , " "  The Bridge on the River Kwai , " "  The Omen , " four "  Superman " films , "  Top Secret ! " and "  The Great Muppet Caper . " Among the more memorable sequences in the "  Star Wars " film is the Mos Eisley Cantina , which Freeborn and his team populated by creating Greedo , Walrus Man and Snaggletooth . He also worked on the tauntaun and wampa ice creatures in "  The Empire Strikes Back . " "  Return of the Jedi " is considered the "  monster movie " of the trilogy , and Freeborn and his team in the United Kingdom developed Jabba the Hutt , which was a massive puppet , and the teddy-bear-like Ewoks . He was often joined in his makeup work by wife Kay , who died last year , and son Graham , who died in 1996 . People we lost in 2013 : The lives they lived	Creature effects artist Stuart Freeborn fashioned Yoda in his own image He also helped create Chewbacca , Jabba the Hutt and the creatures in the bar scene He also created the apelike ancestors in "  2001 : A Space Odyssey " "  His artistry and craftsmanship will live on ... in the characters he created , " Lucas says
CNN  -- The family of a Florida man who was the first to die in the 2001 anthrax attacks has reached a tentative settlement with the U.S. government over his death , a lawyer for the family said Monday . The family is waiting for word from the Justice Department before a deal is finalized , said Richard Schuler , the lawyer for the family of anthrax victim Robert Stevens . The family sued the government for $ 50 million in 2003 , arguing that the military laboratory in Maryland that was identified as the source of the bacterium should have had tighter security . "  I think the family was vindicated that the government has agreed to settle the case with them in spite of the fact that they put up a lot of roadblocks , " Schuler said . Stevens and his wife , Maureen , were married 27 years , and there is "  still a hole in her life as far as her husband is concerned , " he said . Schuler would not comment on any details of the tentative deal . Stevens , a photo editor for supermarket-tabloid publisher American Media Inc. , died five days after testing positive for inhalation anthrax in October 2001 . He was the first of five people killed in the anthrax mailings , with 17 other people sickened . "  It 's a horrible , painful death , that they had to witness their loved one go through , " Schuler said . "  It 's something that they 'll never forget . " Court documents filed last week in U.S. District Court in Palm Beach County , Florida , requested deadlines in the Stevens lawsuit be suspended as the parties tried to finalize a settlement . Justice Department spokesman Charles Miller declined to comment on any deal . "  The documents speak for themselves , " Miller told CNN via e-mail . "  We would have nothing further at this time . " The FBI eventually blamed the attacks on a civilian scientist at the Army 's biological research laboratory at Fort Detrick , Maryland . The suspect , microbiologist Bruce Ivins , had a history of mental illness and killed himself in 2008 before investigators brought charges against him , federal prosecutors said . A February report by the National Academy of Sciences concluded that it could not reach a "  definitive conclusion " about the source of the anthrax , which federal agents said had been linked to a sample from Ivins ' laboratory . But the FBI and the Justice Department stand by their findings , saying that scientific testing gave agents "  valuable investigative leads " that led them to Ivins . A CNN Presents investigation in early October revealed that the federal government has spent $ 19 billion to fight biological attacks . Multiple new labs have since opened to research potential treatments , and the government now counts nearly 15,000 workers , handling germs like Ebola , plague , and anthrax -- about twice as many as before . The FBI now checks potential workers for felonies and ties to terror groups . But proposed reforms like psychological screening or requiring two people in labs have gone nowhere , with scientists who have reviewed the issue calling those proposals intrusive , expensive and impractical .	Robert Stevens was the first of five killed in the 2001 anthrax attacks His family sued the government in 2003 , accusing it of lax lab security The FBI blamed the attacks on a scientist at an Army facility
The Ukraine crisis simmered Wednesday , if not with actual fighting , then with fighting words from the key outside players in the conflict : the United States and Russia , whose foreign minister accused Washington of "  running the show " in Kiev . In an interview with state-run RT , Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov lamented how he felt U.S. officials were quick to blame his nation for everything awry in Ukraine and to insist Moscow can unilaterally solve it all . Lavrov said that while those in Ukraine 's east and south who defiantly oppose the Kiev-based government are "  not puppets " of the Kremlin , such a characterization would describe the relationship between Ukraine 's leadership in Kiev and the United States . "  Americans  have , I think , overwhelming influence , " he said . "  They act in a much more open way , without any scruples , compared to the Europeans ... You can not avoid the impression that they are running the show very much , very much . " As proof , Lavrov pointed to the timing of the Ukrainian government 's relaunch of its security operation just after a two-day visit from U.S. Vice President Joe Biden . He claimed acting President Oleksandr Turchynov has "  ordered the army to shoot at ... people if they are engaged in peaceful protests , " yet has n't disarmed extremists and what he called "  the right sector . " Some in Ukraine 's east are occupying official buildings , defying the Kiev government and openly siding with Russia "  after several months of total neglect of their interests , " Lavrov said . The minister faulted the new Kiev government for not doing more , including taking the necessary "  first step " to implement an international deal brokered in Geneva , Switzerland . About a week after being reached , that deal has done little to defuse the crisis . On the contrary , both sides appear to be digging in . Ukraine 's Deputy Prime Minister Vitaliy Yarema said Wednesday that "  the active phase of the anti-terrorist operation continues " in the eastern cities of Kramatorsk , Slavyansk , Donetsk and Luhansk , according to state-run news agency Ukrinform . Militants in those cities have shown no inclination to leave the government buildings they have seized or disarm , as was mandated by the Geneva agreement . Meanwhile , NATO estimates that Russia has massed 40,000 troops near its border with Ukraine , which has fueled speculation the conflict could only get bigger and more violent , with Russia possibly taking over some , if not all , of Ukraine and possibly neighboring nations . Lavrov did n't say any military intervention was imminent , but he did n't rule it out , either . "  If our interests , our legitimate interests , the interests of Russians have been attacked directly -- like they were in South Ossetia for example -- I do not see any other way but to respond in accordance with international law , " he told RT , referring to Russia 's 2008 invasion of Georgia . "  Russian citizens being attacked is an attack against the Russian Federation . " U.S. vows to defend fellow NATO members The United States is n't standing still militarily , sending personnel to allied nations near Ukraine that have grown increasingly wary of Russia 's military intentions . On Wednesday , a company-size contingent of U.S. Army paratroopers arrived in Swidwin , Poland , for training exercises at Warsaw 's request . They 'll be there through at least the end of the year , according to Stephen Mull , the U.S. ambassador to Poland . The contingent is part of "  a persistent rotational presence " that Pentagon spokesman Rear Adm. John Kirby has said will involve four Italy-based companies of paratroopers that will go to Poland , Lithuania , Latvia and Estonia over the next few months . "  Poland has been there for the United States , " Mull said Wednesday in front U.S. troops standing in formation next to Polish troops . "  Today , as the trans-Atlantic community confronts Russia 's unacceptable aggression against Poland 's neighbor , Ukraine , a sovereign and independent state , we have a solemn obligation in the framework of NATO to reassure Poland of our security guarantee . " The United States and its allies have accused Russia of fomenting unrest in Ukraine since massive demonstrations helped push out President Viktor Yanukovych , who came under fire for moving Ukraine away from the European Union and closer to Russia . The allegations include Moscow 's sending members of its armed forces into the country , providing other support for pro-Russian militants or generally contributing to an atmosphere of distrust and instability . Whatever the cause or culprit , a part of Ukraine -- Crimea -- has broken off and joined Russia . Some in the West fear that Russia will try to repeat that scenario elsewhere in Ukraine and perhaps in other countries in which ethnic Russians live or where Russia or the former Soviet Union historically has had significant influence . Some of those countries include the Baltic states and Poland , which , like the United States , are part of NATO . The treaty that defines this alliances states that if any one NATO member "  is the victim of an armed attack , each and every other member of the alliance will consider this act of violence as an armed attack against all members and will take the actions it deems necessary to assist the Ally attacked . " As a result , the United States and its NATO allies are publicly stepping up involvement in places like Poland to dissuade Russian President Vladimir Putin from thinking that advancing into these countries is an option , according to Kurt Volker , a former U.S. ambassador to NATO . "  I think that if we did not take the steps that we are taking now ,  Putin  would think that maybe it 's an option , " Volker , who served as ambassador from 2008 and 2009 , told CNN 's Wolf Blitzer . " ... If we did not do that , I think he would wonder : What would be the response of NATO if he did have some ... action there ? " Counterclaims over politician 's death Within Ukraine itself -- particularly the east and south -- government forces and pro-Russian militants continued their unsettling standoff . The situation seemed largely peaceful , with hints of violence here and there . A Ukrainian army helicopter , for instance , was targeted Wednesday "  by unknown gunmen " in Kramatorsk , which is about 9 miles  15 kilometers  from Slavyansk . On Ukraine 's Internal Affairs Ministry website , Deputy Minister Sergiy Yaroviy said the helicopter suffered "  minor damage " to its blades but was able to land safely , with no injuries to its crew . The same could n't be said about the discovery Saturday of two tortured bodies near Slavyansk . One of them was pro-Kiev politician Vladimir Rybak , who Ukraine 's Interior Ministry said Wednesday died as a result of injuries from torture and drowning . Stanislav Rechinsky , an adviser to the interior minister , blamed pro-Russian militants for having tortured and "  kidnapped " him and others . "  We have eyewitnesses who testified about hearing the so-called little green men bragging about the murders , " he said Wednesday . "  We have another eyewitness who saw these men alive in the torture cells and who was able to escape . " The term "  little green men " has become widely used for the unidentified armed men who have appeared in eastern Ukraine in recent days . Russia has denied they are Russian military forces in uniforms that do n't bear insignia . Yet a pro-Russian leader in Slavyansk , de facto Mayor Vyacheslav Ponomaryo , vehemently denies such allegations , instead blaming the deaths on far-right Ukrainian nationalist extremists .	Official : Gunmen fire at Ukrainian army helicopter near Slavyansk Militants still hold buildings in east ; Ukraine leader restarts "  anti-terrorist " operation Russian minister : U.S. has "  overwhelming influence " over the new Kiev government He says pro-Russian militants in Ukraine 's east are "  not puppets " of Moscow
CNN  -- In the largely male-dominated world of the motorsport , South African super bike racer Janine Davies is an anomaly . "  They still ca n't seem to grasp the concept that ` hey listen , we are as good as you , " laughs the 26-year-old Cape Town native . "  We 're all there to achieve the same goal : Get to the checkered flag , and beat you . " So far , Davies ' ambition has served her in good stead . She is currently the first South African woman to compete at the South African National Championships on a 1000 CC motorbike . That first taste Despite her many accomplishments , Davies ' introduction to bike riding was n't smooth . She actually crashed in her first race at the Derby Development Series . But then , she 'd only learned how to ride the week before . Still , she was n't put off by the accident -- which fortunately only resulted in a few scrapes . "  It was actually hilarious because the first race went amazing . I loved it , " she recalls . "  I came back to the pit and was like ` Oh my first crash , look at my scratches ! ' " Davies was less fortunate in 2007 , when she crashed into a tire wall during a race that nearly ended it all . "  It was my first race for the season and my mum was very nervous , " recalls Davies . "  The tire wall is there for safety , but unfortunately I tried to protect my bike . So it was kind of like : tire wall , me , bike and I was just lying there . " The titanium woman As a result of that accident , Davies fractured her neck , ribs , sternum and hand . When she was rushed to the intensive care unit , doctors also found blood in her lungs . She needed a lot of patching up . "  I 've got titanium all over my body , " she concedes . During that time , she admits she started to rethink her career . "  I said to my parents : ` No way , I do n't want to go through this again , ' " she says . When her doctor came in to explain one of her surgeries , however , she found she could n't focus on his words . "  Racing came on the TV , so I said to him , ` just wait , I want to watch this . ' " Despite the seriousness of her crash , Davies found her passion for the sport was too strong to let her quit . "  You forget about what you 've gone through and you just kind of want to go back to it , especially when you have n't done what you want to do yet , " she says . Helping the next generation of riders Today , Davies is back on her super bike and soaring up the ranks . She 's competing at the national level . This year , she debuted in the SuperM championship series , and won third place at the Phakisa Freeway in March . She is also trying to open the sport up to women . Her ambition is to one day manage a team that includes more speed-racing femmes . "  There are a lot of young women in racing at the moment at a regional level . I want to grow them , " she admits .	Janine Davies is a superbike racer from Cape Town , South Africa She is the country 's first female rider to compete on a national level A horrific crash landed her in intensive care with nine broken bones , nearly ending her career But she got back on the bike and now mentors women in the sport
CNN  -- Robert Richards ' love affair with the stars began when he was just a child . "  I 'm an orphan of Apollo ; I grew up with the Star Trek generation , " he says . Bob Richards : Aiming for the Moon Richards was just one of many children left wide-eyed and inspired by the moon landings . But for him , they were a false start . "  I had this enormous expectation that I would have an experience in space . It just did n't happen , " Richards says . Man stepped on the moon , but only to prove a point . "  We faltered , " he explains . "  We did n't continue our operations on the moon ; we did n't go to Mars . " Now , Richards and his colleagues are bringing their childhood dreams to life , as part of the burgeoning NewSpace movement , which has sparked a renaissance in space exploration . The children of the moon landings have grown up : they now hold the positions of power to make their dreams come alive . "  They want to make the world of ` Star Trek , ' of ' 2001 , ' and now ... they 're in charge of NASA , they 're in charge of the private companies , and they 're making it happen , " he explains . Richards says his path to the stars was "  inevitable . " Inspired by science fiction authors like his friend , Arthur C. Clarke , visionaries like Carl Sagan and movies like "  2001 : A Space Odyssey , " he studied aerospace and industrial engineering at Ryerson University , then physics and astronomy at the University of Toronto , before moving to Cornell to study space science , where he became special assistant to Sagan . Now , Richards is the ringleader behind Odyssey Moon , a company formed on the Isle of Man to pursue commercial ventures on the moon . The team were the first to enter the Lunar X prize , a Google-sponsored competition with a $ 20million jackpot for the first privately funded team to land a robotic spacecraft on the moon and send images and data back to Earth . But the X Prize is not Richards ' only goal . He thinks that there are fortunes to be made in space -- and he plans to be the first lunar entrepreneur . "  We believe that beyond the prize , there 's actually ongoing commerce on the surface of the moon , " he reveals . Innovation and collaboration , both important drivers in the Odyssey Moon team , are the key to humanity 's future , believes Richards . "  Space , by its nature , is an international endeavour , " he says . "  Every space program will be successful based on the amount of international cooperation it 's able to achieve . " With that in mind , in 1987 he founded the International Space University , which educates students from all over the world in space technology . "  We 're creating a universal planetary culture looking on space as an achievement and a goal for all humanity . " For now , Richards ' sights are set on the moon . "  The Google X Prize has certainly captivated my enthusiasm and interest , and I would certainly like to win that , " he says . But he also sees Earth 's satellite as a stepping stone to the stars . He confesses , "  If somebody was going to offer an X Prize for Mars , I 'd be going for that ... "	As a boy , Richards was inspired by the moon landings and science fiction But his childhood expectations failed to be realized as the space race cooled Now Richards and the NewSpace movement have renewed interest in space Richards is aiming for the moon -- and confesses Mars is tempting ...
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- Police in Afghanistan say they have rescued a 15-year-old girl who was locked up in the basement of her in-laws ' house , starved and had her nails pulled out . Authorities in the northern Baghlan province said they were aware of reports that the girl was tortured after she refused to be forced into prostitution . But , they said , they were waiting for her to fully recover to talk to her and learn more . The girl , Sahar Gul , was married off to a 30-year-old man about seven months ago . After her parents reported not seeing her for months , police launched their investigation , said Baghlan police official Jawid Basharat . "  After police rescued her from a dark room of her in-laws ' house , we saw her nails had been pulled out by her husband . And she said with broken voice that her husband used to cut her flesh using pliers , " Basharat said . The girl was also denied food , he said . Rahima Zarifi , director of the Women 's Affairs Department in Baghlan , said Sahar was immediately hospitalized . "  She was in a very bad condition when I met her , " Zarifi said . "  The perpetrators had pulled out her hair by force . She was suffering a kind of skin disease and she did n't even have proper clothes on . " Police have arrested Sahar 's in-laws , but her husband managed to flee . The case , Zarifi said , highlights how women continue to suffer in parts of Afghanistan despite overall progress since the fall of the Taliban . In the second quarter of this year , the Afghan Independent Human Rights Commission  AIHRC  registered 1,026 cases of violence against women . Last year , 2,700 cases were recorded . Earlier this month , gunmen attacked and sprayed an Afghan family with acid in their home after the father rejected a man 's bid to marry his teenage daughter . In another case , a 21-year-old , identified only as Gulnaz for her own protection , was sentenced to 12 years in prison after she reported that her cousin 's husband had raped her . Her plight attracted international attention when it came out that she had agreed to marry her attacker to gain her freedom and legitimize a daughter conceived in the attack . She was eventually freed , following the president 's intervention .	Police say they are waiting for the girl to recover to talk to her The girl , 15 , was married off to a 30-year-old man Police intervene after her parents had not seen her Zarifi : The case highlights how women continue to suffer
A wave of attacks in Iraq killed at least 31 people and wounded nearly 100 more Saturday as Muslims marked the second day of the festival of Eid al-Adha , police said . At least 14 people were killed and 52 others were wounded in two car bombs and a roadside bomb in two separate locations in eastern Baghdad 's Sadr City , police said . The first car bomb was outside a busy restaurant ; the second was followed by a roadside bomb near an outdoor market in the city , police added . Sadr City is a predominantly Shiite district . At least five Shiite pilgrims were killed when a roadside bomb in Taji , about 12 miles  20 kilometers  north of Baghdad , struck a minibus carrying them to visit Al-Askariya , or the "  Golden Mosque . " A dozen more were wounded in the blast . Police said most of the casualties were Iranian pilgrims . A roadside bomb exploded in an outdoor market in al-Mamel Shiite neighborhood in northeastern Baghdad , killing five people and wounding 13 others , police officials said . In the Sunni city of Mosul , five people were killed and seven more wounded in four attacks in and around the city , police said . Most of those affected were from the minority Shabak sect . The attacks included two shootings and two explosions targeting houses and shops related to the sect . On Saturday evening , a roadside bomb exploded on a busy road in the al-Jihad neighborhood of western Baghdad , wounding four people . When police arrived to investigate and to evacuate the casualties , another roadside bomb detonated , killing one policeman and wounding two others , police said . In another incident , a car bomb exploded outside a restaurant in Muqdadiya , about 50 miles  80 kilometers  north of Baghdad , killing one person and wounding six others , Baquba police said . Britain 's ambassador to Iraq , Simon Collis , condemned as "  cowardly " Saturday 's attacks . The top U.N. envoy in Iraq , also condemned the attacks , some of which he said had targeted worshipers . "  This is an atrocious act of violence against innocent worshipers of various faiths , " said Martin Kobler , the secretary-general 's special representative and head of the U.N. Assistance Mission for Iraq . Baghdad 's Shiite-dominated government has blamed the attacks on Sunni insurgents with ties to al Qaeda . Last month , 365 people , including police and soldiers , were killed . It was the deadliest month since August 2010 . Twin blasts kill 11 in Iraq	U.N. envoy to Iraq condemns the attacks Iranian pilgrims are killed in an attack on a minibus outside Baghdad A roadside bomb explodes in an outdoor market in northeastern Baghdad In Mosul , four attacks hit members of the minority Shabak sect
CNN  -- On the holiday that celebrates the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. , many will remember his sacrifices for the civil rights movement , and serve others in his memory . Because of the accolades he received after his martyrdom , King is often viewed as a charismatic leader who was responsible for the success of the campaign for civil rights reform . But many forget his international outlook , including protest of the war in Vietnam . And history reveals that before he was a civil rights leader he was , first , a preacher , committed to social and economic justice . He was only reluctantly a civil rights leader . The greatest MLK speeches you never heard Rosa Parks transformed King into that leader . Chosen to lead the Montgomery bus boycott movement , he quickly gained prominence as the nation 's best-known civil rights spokesperson and advocate of Gandhian nonviolent resistance to the Southern Jim Crow system . But during the six years after the boycott 's successful conclusion , he never planned and carried out a campaign of civil disobedience . In 1963 , King finally had an opportunity to play a leading role in sustained protests in Birmingham . But even in this campaign to pressure local leaders on the city 's segregation , he came perilously close to failure . By early April 1963 , his support among local black leaders had declined , and despite initial enthusiasm of the first mass protests , it became clear that he would not be able to recruit many more protesters willing to engage in civil disobedience through clashes with the forces of Police Chief Bull Conner . As Easter neared , King realized that bail funds were depleted , and few adult activists were prepared to spend long periods in jail . Even Ralph Abernathy and some of his other colleagues were unwilling to risk arrest if this meant being unavailable to deliver Easter Sunday sermons in their churches . When he made a critical , solitary decision -- his "  faith act " -- to submit to arrest on Good Friday , King was not certain that this decision would result in a successful outcome in Birmingham . Many of his advisers , including his father , had tried to dissuade him from going to jail . "  I do n't know what will happen or what the outcome will be , " he had admitted to the close associates who gathered in Birmingham 's Gaston Motel . After he was arrested and placed in solitary confinement , he remembered enduring "  the longest , most frustrating and bewildering hours I have lived . " King regained his confidence only after he learned from his lawyer , Clarence Jones , that entertainer Harry Belafonte had raised $ 50,000 and promised to raise more to provide bail for those willing to go to jail . When a group of local white clergymen denounced the Birmingham protests as "  unwise and untimely , " King responded with the letter from his jail cell that would become the most influential defense of civil disobedience since Thoreau 's essay on the subject more than a century earlier . But King 's letter also expressed a philosophical commitment to nonviolent direct action that he had never previously translated into a nonviolent direction action campaign . King was not able to revive the Birmingham campaign until he allowed himself to be bailed out of jail and gave in to the urging of James Bevel , Dorothy Cotton , and other activists that he allow eager teenagers to participate in marches into Birmingham 's downtown area , and thereby reinvigorate the flagging protest movement in Birmingham . When Conner responded with fire hoses and police dogs , the clashes in downtown Birmingham attracted the world 's attention . In Birmingham , as had been the case in other communities , the courageous actions of young people demonstrated the effectiveness of King 's ideas more than the actions of King himself . Due to the timely intervention of thousands of young people , King was able to secure a settlement with Birmingham 's white business leaders . He could then claim victory rather than suffer an ignominious defeat . King 's success in Birmingham marked a major turning point in his life . If he had failed , it is unlikely that he would have been invited to deliver the concluding speech at the March on Washington for Jobs and Freedom . It his even more unlikely that he would he have been given more time than the other speakers that day to share his dream that would enter the nation 's collective consciousness . King 's most important contribution to the modern African-American freedom struggle was as an eloquent proponent of civil disobedience , and as a visionary who understood the broader global and historical significance of the African-American civil rights movement . His oratory inspired participants in mass movements that were usually initiated and sustained by others . The Southern freedom struggle certainly would have eventually achieved major civil rights reforms even after a setback in Birmingham , but it is very doubtful whether we would be talking about King today if he had failed in Birmingham in 1963 . A special class with MLK The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Clayborne Carson .	Martin Luther King is remembered for his sacrifices and leadership Carson : ` He was only reluctantly a civil rights leader ' One of Kings greatest victories , Birmingham , almost did not happen
CNN  -- He 's won six Olympic medals on two legs , but Bode Miller 's future will ride on four . One of the finest skiers of all time , the American 's obsessive attention to detail has paid dividends during his mercurial career on the slopes . Now , as the 37-year-old enters the autumn of his alpine skiing days , Miller hopes to transfer his meticulous approach to training racehorses . He is convinced that technology is key to equine success , and he aims to take his flair for innovation from the piste to the racetrack . "  I 'm one of the people who sees it really clearly because I 'm in a different sport that uses all that stuff , " Miller told CNN at last weekend 's World Cup ski opener in Solden , Austria . "  The people in horse racing do n't see it at all . They think it 's crazy , they think it 's like voodoo and magic , and for us it 's just normal stuff . " In Miller 's experience , success can be achieved by the smallest of margins . Winless for two years and dogged by injury , it was a heart-in-mouth moment when he roared down the mountain at February 's Sochi Winter Games in a final attempt to add to his Olympic medal tally . "  I 've always been very scientific in my approach -- in Sochi I changed from using a rubber goggle strap to a plastic strap because research showed it would save me one-hundredth of a second , " he explained at the premier of a new documentary "  Quest for the Future , " about life after skiing . "  I took bronze by one-hundredth of a second ! " Miller 's "  leave-no-stone-unturned " attitude has served him well . He was famously one of the first athletes to break away from the U.S. ski team -- and be successful . In addition to his Olympic haul , Miller boasts five world championship medals , 33 World Cup victories and two overall titles to boot . And , although he enters horse racing as something of a novice , Miller is confident that a modern approach could reap rich rewards . "  Twenty-five years ago , ski racing equipment was archaic . I came in and said , ` Let 's build shape skis ' and a bunch of other changes , and the sport changed really dramatically and allowed me to be on the front end of it for a long time , " he says . "  Twenty years ago horse racing was the same , but now it 's in a perfect place where sport and technology can be put together . It 's all invented already , but you just have to apply it in the right way . " It 's not the first time Miller 's attention has been drawn away from ski racing . In 2010 , following an invitation from the United States Tennis Association , Miller tried and failed to qualify for the U.S. Open , losing his opening match at the sectional playoffs . But his passion for flat racing has been bubbling under the surface for some time . Ever since becoming a small-portion owner in a racehorse 10 years ago , Miller has slowly developed his knowledge and expertise to the level that he can now realize his ambition of a full-time career in the sport . And it 's clear the high-stakes nature of racing appeals to his basic instincts . "  The horses perform at their highest level -- they 're trying with everything they have , " Miller says . "  I think coming from ski racing I can appreciate that . Losing by just a nose , or a whisker , " he smiles , "  it 's tough . " As with everything Miller commits himself to , only "  the best " will do . "  It really has a lot of the critical components of things that I love in my life , " he continues . "  To set that on top of the challenge of figuring out an industry and becoming the best in the world at something ... It 's just the icing on the cake . " But this time he wo n't be going it alone . Helping him out of the starting gate is one of the best trainers in the business , Bob Baffert , who appears to provide the "  Yin " to Miller 's "  Yang . " "  For me he 's a great example of how to balance out expert horsemanship -- which he has -- with sports science and technology , which is what I have , " Miller says of his new partner . And with three Kentucky Derby wins under his belt , Baffert also brings a wealth of knowledge of what it takes to win America 's preeminent flat racing event -- a long-held ambition for Miller . "  When people talk about a horse race , that 's the one they talk about , " he says . "  It 's the biggest showpiece , it has the same prestige in the sport the same way Kitzbuhel does in ski racing . It 's a very challenging race to win . " So what of his skiing career ? Miller fueled speculation that he would compete at the 2018 Winter Olympics in PyeongChang after signing a four-year contract with helmet manufacturer Dainese . But he was quick to dismiss the rumor on Twitter , citing his already advanced years for a top skier . At this stage of the game , health has become a real consideration for Miller . On Sunday he withdrew from the 2014-15 season 's first World Cup event in Solden with an ongoing back injury -- a sign that he 's no longer willing to put his body on the line . "  If it was golf then , you know , maybe I could lag on for another couple of years and keep competing because there 's no real harm in it , " he admits . "  In skiing , if you make the wrong mistake or you 're not fully prepared , you can kill yourself . "  If I 'm not in peak form or putting in all the work you need to be prepared and safe , then I 'll pull away from the sport . " The high-octane world of flat racing holds no such risks for Miller , only tantalizing rewards . And as he moves into his twilight years on the snow , this workhorse has a feeling the turf will suit him just fine . "  I can stay focused on something indefinitely for as long as it needs to happen , and I love that horses are the same way , " he says . "  When you put a horse to task they do what you ask them to every time , so building a scenario which helps them to peak at the right time is really appealing to me . It 's exactly what we do in ski racing . "	American skier Bode Miller is looking to start new career in horse racing The 37-year-old is teaming up with Kentucky Derby winner Bob Baffert Miller says he hopes to bring scientific approach to flat racing His career on the slopes is in twilight years and he missed season opener
Washington  CNN  -- Parts of Arizona 's sweeping immigration law received a surprising amount of support from a short-handed Supreme Court Wednesday . States throughout the country considering their own tough immigration laws are closely following the proceedings over what has become a thorny issue . Fed up with illegal immigrants crossing from Mexico -- and what they say is the federal government 's inability to stop it -- legislators in Arizona passed a tough immigration law . The federal government sued , saying that Arizona overreached . "  If , in fact , somebody who does not belong in this country is in Arizona , Arizona has no power ? " asked Justice Antonin Scalia . "  What does sovereignty mean if it does not include the ability to defend your borders ? " Even liberal Justice Sonia Sotomayor told the federal governments ' lawyer that key parts of his arguments were "  not selling very well . " Federal courts had blocked four elements of the state 's Support Our Law Enforcement and Safe Neighborhoods Act , known as SB 1070 . While intense oral arguments took place among the justices , outside there were competing demonstrations on the courthouse plaza , with the law 's opponents saying it promotes discrimination and racial profiling . Backers say illegal immigration has created public safety and economic crises . At issue is whether states have any authority to step in to enforce immigration matters or whether that is the exclusive role of the federal government . In dry legal terms , this constitutional question is known as pre-emption . Other states watch for outcome Paul Clement , lawyer for Arizona , told the high court the federal government has long failed to control the problem , and that states have discretion to assist in enforcing immigration laws . But the Obama administration 's solicitor general , Donald Verrilli , strongly countered that assertion , saying immigration matters are under the federal government 's exclusive authority and state "  interference " would only make matters worse . Several other states followed Arizona 's lead by passing laws meant to deter illegal immigrants . Similar laws are under challenge in lower courts in Georgia , Alabama , Utah , Indiana and South Carolina . Arizona 's appeal is the first to reach the Supreme Court . Arizona is the nation 's most heavily traveled corridor for illegal immigration and smuggling . Opinion : What if justices let states make immigration policy ? Justice Elena Kagan did not hear this case . Before taking the bench last year , she had been involved in the administration 's initial legal opposition to the law as solicitor general . A 4-4 high court split would be likely to keep the Arizona law in legal limbo , preventing the four provisions of the law from going into effect but not settling the larger constitutional questions . It would also shift the election-year fight over the issue to other states with current or pending crackdown laws . The four Arizona provisions on hold are : -- A requirement that local police officers check a person 's immigration status while enforcing other laws if "  reasonable suspicion " exists that the person is in the United States illegally . -- A provision authorizing police to arrest immigrants without warrant where "  probable cause " exists that they committed any public offense making them removable from the country . -- A section making it a state crime for "  unauthorized immigrants " to fail to carry registration papers and other government identification . -- A ban on those not authorized for employment in the United States to apply , solicit or perform work . That would include immigrants standing in a parking lot who "  gesture or nod " their willingness to be employed . Although the specific question before the high court relates to the law 's enforcement , the justices could use the appeal to address the broader constitutional questions . Mexican migration slows , but debate is n't over During the 70-minute arguments , Clement faced relatively little tough questioning from left-leaning members of the bench . "  There will be a significant number of people who will be detained at the stop , or in prison , for a significantly longer period of time " if the state law is allowed to be enforced , warned Justice Stephen Breyer . Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg said the provision on carrying registration is especially problematic . "  Congress enacted a complete registration scheme which the states can not complement or impose even auxiliary regulations , " she said . "  We want the registration scheme to be wholly federal . " But the consistently tough questions were aimed at Verrilli from conservative members of the high court . Even before the solicitor general began speaking midway through the argument , Chief Justice John Roberts framed the debate away from what has become a major complaint about the law : that it would target mostly Hispanic people for scrutiny and detention . "  I 'd like to clear up at the outset what it 's not about , " Roberts said . "  No part of your argument has to do with racial or ethnic profiling , does it ? " Verrilli readily agreed . Later the chief justice raised more serious concerns . When enforcing other law , "  the person is already stopped for some other reason . He 's stopped for going 60 in a 20  mph zone  . He 's stopped for drunk driving . So that decision to stop the individual has nothing to do with immigration law at all . All that has to do with immigration law is whether or not they can ask the federal government to find out if this person is illegal or not , and then leave it up to you , " Roberts said to Verrilli . "  It seems to me that the federal government just does n't want to know who is here illegally or not . " Justice Anthony Kennedy echoed the thought , suggesting the federal government is not doing enough on illegal immigration , which might give states discretion to intervene . Suppose , he offered , "  the state of Arizona has a massive emergency with social disruption , economic disruption , residents leaving the state because of a flood of immigrants . Let 's just assume those two things . Does that give the state of Arizona any powers or authority or legitimate concerns that any other state would n't have ? " Kennedy was echoing what the state had long been arguing , and he later suggested there is such authority . Verrilli argued the law would hurt Washington 's ability to carry out diplomatic relations with other nations , noting , "  We have very significant issues on the border with Mexico . " "  Well , ca n't you avoid that particular foreign relations problem by simply deporting these people ? " Scalia asked . "  Free them from the jails and send them back to the countries that are objecting . What 's the problem with that ? "  We have to enforce our laws in a manner that will please Mexico . Is that what you 're saying ? " The Justice Department said Arizona 's population of 2 million Latinos includes an estimated 400,000 there illegally , and 60 % to 70 % of deportations or "  removals " involve Mexican nationals . A tale of opposing views in Arizona The court hearing over the illegal immigration law comes at an interesting time . The Pew Hispanic Center this week released a report that found that Mexican immigration to the United States has come to a standstill . The economic downturn in the United States and better conditions in Mexico , along with deportations and other enforcement , has led many to return to Mexico . However , the debate continues as more than 10 million unauthorized immigrants -- from Mexico and other countries -- continue to live in the United States . Even if immigration has slowed to lows not seen in decades , proponents of tough immigration laws want to beef up enforcement ahead of any future pressures . After the arguments , Arizona Gov. Jan Brewer expressed hope the state would prevail at the high court . "  We likely will not know the court 's decision for weeks , " she said . "  But I am filled with optimism -- the kind that comes with knowing that Arizona 's cause is just and its course is true . " The administration , backed by a variety of immigrant and civil rights groups , says allowing such discretionary state authority would hurt relations between the United States and other countries , disrupt existing cooperative efforts and unfairly target legal immigrants . The legislation has a variety of supporters and detractors . Republican lawmakers , outspoken Maricopa County , Arizona , Sheriff Joe Arpaio and various state governments were among those filing briefs supporting the law . The Mexican government , the Anti-Defamation League , the American Immigration Lawyers Association and the city of Tucson , Arizona , were among those supporting the Justice Department 's side . The outcome of the Arizona appeal could set important precedent on similar laws pending across the country . The case is Arizona v. U.S.  11-182  and is to be the last argued before the high court this term . A ruling could come in late June , just before the justices recess for the summer .	Roberts says it seems the federal government does n't want to know immigration status The solicitor general warns against state "  interference " in immigration Justice Sotomayor says the federal government 's case is "  not selling very well " The court 's ruling will affect similar laws in several other states
CNN  -- After meeting Monday with six victims of sexual abuse by clergy members , Pope Francis apologized for the crimes committed against them and begged forgiveness "  for the sins of omission on the part of church leaders who did not respond adequately to reports of abuse . " Apologies are all well and good , but this one brings to mind two trite but true sayings : "  Too little , too late " and "  Actions speak louder than words . " Unfortunately , Francis has more to do so that future popes wo n't have to keep saying "  I 'm sorry " for these crimes and the Catholic Church 's cover-up . This is not to downplay the important symbolism of public apologies from the church 's top leader . Indeed , Francis seems sincere and acknowledges the complicity of the institutional church in the cover-up , not just the actions of individual men . But Francis is not the first pope to meet with sex abuse victims or even the first to offer an official apology for what has to be one of the gravest evils in the church . His predecessor , Pope Benedict XVI , met on several occasions with victims , including during a trip to the United States . After one such meeting , he also issued a formal apology , saying he was "  deeply sorry for the pain and suffering the victims have endured . " In comparison , Francis ' apology , given during a lengthy homily , was more extensive , emphasizing the psychological and spiritual pain victims have endured and noting that these "  despicable actions " had been "  camouflaged with a complicity that can not be explained . " It also was better than his , "  Yes , but ... " apology earlier this year , when he mentioned that abusers were "  quite a few in number , though not compared to the total number " of priests , after earlier complaining about how the church had been unfairly singled out for the problem of sexual abuse of minors . Given the enormity of this problem facing the Catholic Church , however , victims ' rights groups are correct in expressing disappointment with how long it took for the new Pope to meet with them  16 months into his pontificate  . In March , editors of the National Catholic Reporter , which has been covering sex abuse by clergy for nearly three decades , implored the Pope in an open letter to make meeting with victims a priority . As someone who clearly understands the significance of his actions -- everything from his choice of attire to whose feet he washes on Holy Thursday -- Francis should have met with victims much sooner than this . Still , Monday 's apology seems to be part of more significant movements in the Vatican , including the naming of a victim to a new panel to address sex abuse and the recent defrocking of a Polish archbishop and papal ambassador accused of paying for sex with minors . But there is much more to be done , starting with the removal of Kansas City-St . Joseph Bishop Robert Finn , who has been found guilty of failing to report suspicions of child abuse to police or state child welfare authorities . The diocese has recently been ordered to pay $ 1.1 million for violating terms of an earlier contract of reparations . Of course , a good apology includes not only acknowledgment of personal and/or corporate responsibility for the victim 's pain , but also a promise to fix things , or at least to not continue to inflict that pain . The church is finally , after decades of denying or minimizing victims ' pain , accepting responsibility . But we 're not yet there on fixing things . That 's why victims ' rights groups are understandably frustrated by the molasses-like pace of the church on this issue . Barbara Blaine , president of the Survivors Network of those Abused by Priests , applauded the courage of the victims who met with Francis on Monday but complained about the need for more decisive action . "  The Pope says the church should ` make reparations ' to victims . That 's secondary . Stopping abuse and protecting children comes first . And sadly , no child on earth is safer today because of this meeting , " she wrote in a statement . Here 's another saying : "  To err is human ; to forgive , divine . " If that 's true , it will be the victims who will be the real saints , not the apologizers .	Heidi Schlumpf : Pope Francis met with victims of clergy sexual abuse , begged forgiveness She says apology good , but he must do more to make amends with victims , all Catholics She says Vatican steps positive ; Pope should remove Kansas City bishop who covered up Schlumpf : Victims ' groups want more action ; if they can forgive , they are ones to be commended
CNN  -- A proposed health curriculum in Helena , Montana , public schools has riled up some parents who say it starts teaching students about sex far too early . Several hundred parents in the mountain state 's capital packed a school board meeting earlier this week to debate the 62-page proposal . It includes four pages of charts listing what elements of human sexuality should be introduced at which grades . "  Ninety-five percent , if not 99 percent , is really , really good stuff , " Helena parent Brian Ackerman told HLN 's "  Prime News . " But he added , "  It 's not something we can attach 100 percent agreement with all of the committee members . " The proposed curriculum guide is part of a broad range of health courses that also teach nutriition , disease prevention , anatomy and environmental health . It would teach students as early as second grade that using anti-gay slurs is hurtful and teach children in older elementary grades about sexual harassment and abuse . Students would be told as early as kindergarten to properly name body parts . The concept that people "  can love people of the same gender and people of another gender " would be introduced in first grade , though homosexual relationships are n't discussed until fifth grade . Fifth-graders also would learn that sexual intercourse "  includes but is not limited to vaginal , oral , or anal penetration . " Teachers would start discussing pregnancy , sexually transmitted diseases and drugs and alcohol with middle-schoolers , while high school students would learn about sexual orientation and the "  legal implications " of some decisions . Ackeman , who has two elementary-age daughters and a third approaching kindergarten , said parents should be told "  who decided this , when did they decide it and how did they decide it ? " "  We really have n't seen where that age-appropriateness comes from , " he said . In addition , he said the district has not figured out how to implement the program . "  There is n't any sort of implementation in place right now that says this is how we 're going to teach this , " Ackerman said . Bruce Messinger , Helena 's school superintendent , said the guide was drawn up by a committee that included parents , teachers and administrators . That committee used local practices and examined national guidelines , including those put out by the American Academy of Pediatrics , he said . "  It establishes that between the ages of kindergarten through grade 4 , vocabulary would be introduced so a student has an understanding , " Messinger said . "  It does n't specifically say what would happen . " Implementation plans will be developed later , he said -- and if parents object , he added , "  They have a right to opt out . " The last school board meeting drew not only critics but supporters . And Cathy Areu , publisher of the Latina women 's magazine Catalina and a former high school teacher , told HLN the standards sound defensible and age-appropriate . "  It sounds like they are teaching body parts and things that are facts of life , " Areu said . "  I feel more comfortable with my daughter learning about this in a classroom than from a boy in the hallway . "	Helena , Montana , schools are considering a health curriculum that includes sex education It would start in early years -- kindergartners would be told to properly name body parts Some parents say it starts teaching students about sex far too early School officials say parents could always opt out if they object
CNN  -- The U.S. government is being asked to update its 16-year-old cell phone radiation standard to bring it in line with current research and the way people use smartphones . A new Government Accountability Office report on Wednesday asked the Federal Communications Commission to consider updating the standard , which limits the amount of radiation a phone emits . The report recommended following an international standard , which would allow U.S. cell phones to emit up to 20 % more radiation than currently allowed . The GAO also asked the FCC to consider updating its cell phone testing procedures to account for phones being used while next to the body -- such as in a pocket or held in your hand -- rather than only testing how phones emit radiation when held up to your ear . More Tech : Be careful when diagnosing your ailments online While people still often use cell phones for talking , these devices have evolved into small portable computers and multipurpose tools . It 's now common to see people using cell phones as media players kept in a pocket and used with earbuds or a wireless headset , or held in the hand while checking Facebook or getting directions from Google Maps . "  Current testing requirements for mobile phones may not identify the maximum radio frequency  RF  energy exposure when tested against the body , " said the report . "  FCC testing requirements state that mobile phone tests should be conducted with belt-clips and holsters attached to the phone or at a predetermined distance from the body . "  By testing mobile phones only when at a distance from the body , FCC may not be identifying the maximum exposure , since some users may hold a mobile phone directly against the body while in use . " The FCC allows cell phones and other wireless devices to emit up to 1.6 watts per kilogram , averaged over 1 gram of tissue . That 's the maximum specific absorption rate  SAR  , a measurement of the amount of radio frequency energy absorbed into the body -- information that phone manufacturers must provide to U.S. consumers . FCC developed this limit back in 1996 , based on input from several federal health and safety agencies . A decade after the FCC published that standard , the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers , a global organization that sets standards for electrical devices , published its own recommendation for a maximum SAR of 2.0 . More Tech : Couples urged online to ` make a baby ' Thursday Since then the FCC 's lower limit has remained in force , which complicates matters for phone manufacturers and may increase costs to consumers . The GAO noted : "  Maintaining the current U.S. limit may result in additional costs for manufacturers and impact phone design in a way that could limit performance and functionality . " To comply with the FCC 's limit , some manufacturers also may have to disable features on phones sold in the U.S. , according to the GAO . Some consumer groups told the GAO they do n't think the info provided by federal agency websites about mobile phone health effects is sufficiently precautionary . Also , some said they 'd like the FCC website to mention the World Health Organization 's controversial reclassification last year of radio frequency energy exposure as "  possibly carcinogenic . " The GAO looked into the issue of revisiting cell phone radiation standards at the request of three high-ranking congressional Democrats : Ed Markey of Massachusetts and Anna Eshoo and Henry Waxman of California . More Tech : Android races past Apple in smartphone market share	The FCC is asked Wednesday to consider updating its cell phone radiation standard The new standard would allow U.S. cell phones to emit up to 20 % more radiation The question was presented to the FCC in a new Government Accountability Office report It also asked the FCC to test for cell phones being used next to the body , not just at the ear
CNN  -- When he watches personal trainers work with their clients at the gym he uses , Marqus Taylor often is n't impressed . "  From what I 've seen , personal trainers tend to get in your face and make you feel less than you are , " he says . Taylor , 30 , is grateful he met his trainer at a local church in Chicago -- Brian Harris is full of kind words and encouragement , which has helped Taylor lose 160 pounds . Finding a personal trainer who makes you feel comfortable enough to expose your biggest flaws can be challenging . But they 're called "  personal " trainers for a reason -- they 're there to guide you to your personal fitness goals , and to do so , they need to fit with your personality . The number of personal trainers in America will jump 24 % by 2020 , according to the U.S Bureau of Labor Statistics . As the field increases , clients will need to do more research to find the perfect fitness coach . It 's important to consider everything from what your trainer wears to how they talk . Here are five qualities you should look for in a personal trainer : 1 . Patience Patience is the key to a good client-trainer relationship , says celebrity trainer Ashley Borden . Trainers should understand that what works for one client may not work for another . He or she should do an assessment of your body when you first meet to familiarize themselves with your needs . Trainers should also find a comfortable pace for their clients , Borden says . Some clients may progress at a faster rate , while others may require more coaching and assistance . "  I love teaching and the journey of helping people find their bodies again , " she says . 2 . Communication Your trainer likely will not be with you at all times during your workouts . That said , they should be able to explain things to you on the phone and teach you how to do certain moves without physically being present through every workout . "  Harris  went above and beyond , " says Taylor . "  When I first started the new plan , we spent half the day at the grocery store buying healthy foods because I 'm not a smart shopper . " Taylor says since Harris told him what to eat and why , he has been able to shop and work out on his own . And communication goes two ways . "  If a client always cancels on me and pushes back workouts , it makes me feel like they are n't committed , " Harris says . 3 . Professionalism While it 's important to maintain a close relationship with a client , Borden says , there also needs to be a level of professionalism . "  I carry their water and get them a towel if they need one -- similar to service they would receive at a five-star hotel , " she says . That service comes at a price : Full-time trainers charge an average hourly rate of $ 28.27 , according to the National Federation of Professional Trainers . The duration of your training session , the location and the experience level of your personal trainer will dictate the cost of your session . Lastly , the clothes your trainer wears should be simple and plain . The attention should be on the client , Borden says -- not on what the trainer is wearing ... or not wearing . 4 . Education Trainers should have -- and be able to show you -- an appropriate fitness certification for their area of expertise , Borden says . To become certified , personal trainers must pass an exam through accredited organizations such as The American Council on Exercise  ACE  , the National Academy of Sports Medicine  NASM  or the National Strength and Conditioning Association  NSCA  . Most exams cover exercise physiology , training and exercise procedures , nutrition , functional anatomy of the body and weight management . Each organization 's certification exam will ask different questions . You can see an exam overview here . A high school diploma or GED is necessary to enroll in certification classes ; however , not all employers require college degrees -- this will depend on whether your trainer practices privately or through an institution . Trainers should also stay up-to-date with the latest fitness trends and new research published in scientific journals . "  Basic fitness is always there , but this field is evolving , " says Borden . "  I always check online to see if there are new studies or courses I need to look at . " 5 . Personality As a client , you want to feel comfortable and trust that your trainer has your best interest in mind . "  Brian is like my brother , " Taylor says . "  We are really close in and outside of our training because he talks to me like a real person , not like a customer . " Once you have established what kind of personal trainer you want , you can start looking for them . The American Council on Exercise and IDEA , the world 's largest association for fitness and wellness professionals , have online tools that can help you locate the personal trainers available in your area and filter your results to cater to your activity of interest , price range and gender . Follow @CNNFitNation on Twitter and on Facebook	Number of personal trainers in America could jump 24 % by 2020 Patience is the key to a good client-trainer relationship Trainers and clients should maintain close but professional relationships Trainers should keep up to date with the latest fitness trends and health news
CNN  -- A shortage of lethal injection chemicals has contributed to declining use of capital punishment in the United States with a new report on Thursday noting only 39 executions this year . It is only the second time in the past two decades the annual number of inmates put to death has dropped below 40 . The total represents a 10 percent reduction from last year . No further executions are scheduled in 2013 . "  Twenty years ago , use of the death penalty was increasing . Now it is declining by almost every measure , " said Richard Dieter , executive director of the Death Penalty Information Center , and the author of the report . "  The recurrent problems of the death penalty have made its application rare , isolated , and often delayed for decades . More states will likely reconsider the wisdom of retaining this expensive and ineffectual practice . " The nonprofit organization provides accurate figures and a range of analysis , but opposes use of the death penalty . Lethal injection in nine states While the annual number of executions and death sentences continues to drop nationally overall , it remains a legally and socially acceptable form of justice for aggravated murder in 32 states . But just nine states conducted lethal injections this year , and two -- Texas with 16 and Florida with 7 -- accounted for nearly 60 percent of the total . Texas is among the active death-penalty states scrambling to find new lethal injection protocols after European-based manufacturers banned U.S. prisons from using their drugs in executions . Among them is Danish-based Lundbeck , which manufactures pentobarbital , the most commonly used -- either as a single drug , or in combination with others -- to execute prisoners . New drug combinations States have been forced to try new drug combinations or go to loosely regulated compounding pharmacies that manufacturer variations of the drugs banned by the larger companies , according to an investigation last month by CNN 's Deborah Feyerick . A pending lawsuit against Texas filed by several death row inmates and their supporters alleges the state corrections department falsified a prescription for pentobarbital using an alias . Until recently , most states relied on a three-drug "  cocktail , " but many jurisdictions now use a single dose or a two-drug combination . Various state and federal courts have postponed some planned executions until issues surrounding the new protocols are resolved . Every execution this year relied on pentobarbital , except in Florida , which used midazolam hydrochloride -- a drug applied for the first time in human lethal injections . And Missouri was prepared to inject a single dose of the anesthetic propofol for its two recent executions , until Gov. Jay Nixon halted its application . The European Union had threatened to limit export of the widely used drug for other purposes if the state had proceeded . The two inmates were separately put to death in recent weeks using pentobarbital instead . First woman executed Among the high-profile capital cases this year involved Kimberly McCarthy , the first woman executed in the United States in three years . The former Dallas-area resident was convicted of murdering her neighbor , and in June became the state 's 500th prisoner to die at the hands of the government since 1976 , when the Supreme Court allowed capital punishment to resume . So far , 1,359 people have been put to death across the country since that time , using lethal injection , electrocution , gas chamber , hanging , and firing squad . That includes three federal prisoners . Spared for now was Georgia inmate Warren Hill , whose attorneys say he is mentally disabled . Courts earlier this year stayed three separate execution dates , one with just minutes to spare . The Supreme Court in March will hold oral arguments and decide whether the Florida scheme for identifying mentally disabled defendants in capital cases violates previous standards established by the high court . Freddie Lee Hall and an accomplice were convicted of the 1978 murders of a pregnant 21-year-old woman and a sheriff 's deputy in separate store robberies , both on the same day . His lawyers say the death row inmate has an IQ of 60 . In Missouri , Reginald Griffin was freed in October and his sentence thrown out after the state high court found the trial prosecution withheld critical evidence that may have implicated another prisoner in a jailhouse murder . He became the 143rd person exonerated from death row in the past 40 years . Maryland abolishes death penalty Maryland became the sixth state in as many years to abolish its death penalty , joining Connecticut , Illinois , New York , New Jersey , and New Mexico . Eighteen other states have previously done so . Attorney General Eric Holder faces a tough decision in coming months : whether to seek the death penalty in federal court for Boston Marathon bombing suspect Dzokhar Tsarnaev . Across the country , capital sentences remain at historic lows , with just 79 so far this year . They have declined in number by 75 percent from 1996 , said the report , when 315 people were put on death row . With the death penalty declining and recent polls showing a corresponding drop in public support , some legal analysts wonder if the Supreme Court is prepared in coming years to take another look at the issue 's overall constitutionality -- whether capital punishment in the 21st century represents "  cruel and unusual punishment . " No sign of Supreme Court review The justices in most cases continue to deny most requests for stays of executions , usually without any comment , or a breakdown of which members of the nine-member bench might have granted such a delay . "  It certainly seems that it merits another day in court after 40 years , " said Evan Mandery , a law professor at John Jay College of Criminal Justice , and author of the new book "  A Wild Justice : The Death and Resurrection of Capital Punishment in America . " "  There are a lot of reasons to think that  moderate-conservative  Justice Anthony Kennedy 's vote is up for grabs and his mind is open on this question . So I do n't think the outcome of a case would be predetermined one way or another . " But there is no sign such a monumental legal and social review by the nation 's highest court will be coming soon .	Shortage of lethal injection chemicals contributes to drop in capital punishment The number of executions falls below 40 , off 10 percent from last year Nine states executed inmates in 2013 with Texas and Florida accounting for most The Supreme Court is not likely to address the issue any time soon
CNN  Middle school student Vidal Chastanet was simply stating his truth about the school principal who inspires him in his rough Brooklyn neighborhood . Featured in the wildly popular "  Humans of New York " photo series in January , a picture of Chastanet along with his sentiments went viral , and a subsequent fundraiser pulled in more than $ 1 million for his school . That 's how Chastanet , 13 , ended up at the White House on Thursday . The young man ; his inspirational principal , Nadia Lopez ; and "  Humans of New York " creator Brandon Stanton all got the chance to meet Obama .  That 's Chastanet in Obama 's seat in the Oval Office . "  You do n't do things alone , " Obama told Chastanet , according to Stanton 's blog . "  Nobody does things alone . Everybody always needs support . "  For a young man like you , you should never be too afraid or too shy to look for people who can encourage you or mentor you , " Obama said . "  There are a lot of people out there who want to provide advice and support to people who are trying to do the right thing . So you 'll have a lot of people helping you . Just always remember to be open to help . Never think that you know everything . And always be ready to listen . " It 's been a wild ride for Chastanet , Lopez and their school , Mott Hall Bridges Academy , a middle school in Brownsville , Brooklyn . It 's known as a "  safe zone in a crime-plagued neighborhood . " After Vidal 's post took off , Stanton launched a campaign in late January to benefit the school through a summer trip to Harvard . The goal of the trip was to broaden students ' horizons and expand their idea of their potential , Stanton wrote on the campaign page . The fundraising campaign 's rapid success speaks in part to the reach of "  Humans of New York , " which has a social media following of nearly 12 million on Facebook alone . It 's also a testament to the ability of social media to breathe new life into a feel-good story . The first inspirational post featured a picture of Chastanet in a housing project in Brownsville . He describes Lopez as the most influential person in his life . "  When we get in trouble , she does n't suspend us . She calls us to her office and explains to us how society was built down around us . And she tells us that each time somebody fails out of school , a new jail cell gets built . And one time she made every student stand up , one at a time , and she told each one of us that we matter . " In a posting on the "  Humans of New York " Facebook page , Lopez talked about the discouragement she felt before the campaign . "  Before all of this happened for our school , I felt broken , " she said . "  And I think the world felt a little broken too , because a lot of bad things have been happening lately , especially between black people and white people . But all of you gave people a reason to feel a little less broken . " The picture of Vidal has been widely shared and drew more than 1 million likes on the "  Humans of New York " Facebook page , compelling Stanton to dig deeper . "  I ask people all the time about the most influential person in their life , and he was the first person who ever told me his principal , " Stanton wrote in an email . "  Then when I met Ms. Lopez , I could not have been more impressed . She is a force of nature . When she let me sit in on a staff meeting , I got a front-row seat to the challenges that her school faces , and I wanted to be involved in the solution . " Lopez and Stanton discussed how the "  Humans of New York " community could help further the school 's vision , Stanton said in a Facebook post . They decided to create a fund to provide each incoming sixth-grade class a chance to get out of their neighborhood and visit Harvard University . "  This is a neighborhood that does n't necessarily expect much from our children , so at Mott Hall Bridges Academy we set our expectations very high . We do n't call the children ` students , ' we call them ` scholars . ' Our color is purple . Our scholars wear purple , and so do our staff , " Lopez told Stanton , who featured her picture on "  Humans of New York . " "  Because purple is the color of royalty . I want my scholars to know that even if they live in a housing project , they are part of a royal lineage going back to great African kings and queens . They belong to a group of individuals who invented astronomy and math . And they belong to a group of individuals who have endured so much history and still overcome . When you tell people you 're from Brownsville , their face cringes up . But there are children here that need to know that they are expected to succeed . " The campaign 's scope has expanded as its pot has grown . Initially , it was intended to cover lodging and transportation costs for three Mott Hall classes to make the trip to the Cambridge , Massachusetts , campus . In an update Friday , Stanton said that funds raised beyond the initial goal would go toward summer programming for the school . "  Learning stops during the summer for my scholars . We have what is called a ` summer slide , ' " Lopez says on the fundraising campaign page . "  They need a safe place where they can do activities and continue to grow their minds . " Stanton posted that because of the campaign 's success , "  We are starting a scholarship fund available to the graduates of Mott Hall Bridges Academy . A committee of MHBA educators and administrators will choose the recipients each year . " The scholarship fund will be named for Vidal , the student who started it all , who will be the fund 's first recipient , Stanton announced .	A "  Humans of New York " portrait inspires a visit to White House One student had named his principal as his inspiration in the photo blog He inspired a fundraiser to pay for school trips to Harvard , summer studies , scholarships
Washington  CNN  -- Alabama now has the toughest immigration law in the nation . The law went into effect on September 29 , prompting hundreds of families to pull their children from school and workers to disappear from Alabama farms . A federal appeals court has blocked some provisions , including the one requiring state officials to check the legal status of students in public schools . No doubt , the issue is far from being settled . Alabama is just one state where an uproar over immigration has been heard . The rapid growth in Alabama 's immigrant population , a large proportion estimated to be mostly present illegally , was the impetus behind the law . But the reality of immigration is more complex than the perception . You would n't know it from the rhetoric the last few years , but immigration nationally over the past decade was slower than in the 1990s . Between 1990 and 2000 , the United States gained 11.3 million immigrants , the largest increase this country has ever experienced , a growth rate of 57 % . The 2000s , by contrast , witnessed an 8.8 million increase in immigrants , a 28 % growth rate . An estimated 40 million foreign-born individuals now call the United States home , according to Census Bureau data released in September , which we analyze in a new report . So why the ruckus now ? The context for immigration has changed considerably since 2000 . Economic times were good at the beginning of the decade , so immigrants , legal and illegal , were drawn by plentiful jobs in an expanding economy . Back then , they were viewed as assets to our labor force and society . Today , amid economic distress , unemployment and shrinking public coffers , immigrants are more likely to be viewed as a drain on resources and as competitors for jobs . During the economic expansion of the late 1990s , immigrants found new opportunities in some unexpected places . This trend continued in this decade as immigrants dispersed to new metro areas and suburbs within metro areas . The five metropolitan areas with the largest foreign-born populations -- New York , Los Angeles , Miami , Chicago and Houston -- housed a smaller share of the nation 's immigrants , just 38 % in 2010 , compared to 43 % in 2000 . Meanwhile , immigrants have increasingly settled in the suburbs , so by 2010 a majority of the nation 's immigrants are suburban residents . Nine metropolitan areasâ $ " from Scranton , Pennsylvania to Indianapolis , Indiana to Nashville , Tennesseeâ $ " experienced at least a doubling of their foreign-born populations between 2000 and 2010 . This rapid change did not come without resistance . In the eight states represented by these metro areas , restrictive immigration legislation was introduced , if not passed . Florida , Tennessee , and Alabama all participate in the 287  g  program , an agreement between state and local law enforcement with Immigration Customs and Enforcement  ICE  delegating authority for immigration enforcement within their jurisdictions . The friction in places unaccustomed to or unprepared for new inflows of foreigners , particularly those who are assumed to be present illegally , manifests itself in different ways . In Arizona , Alabama , Georgia , Indiana and South Carolina , where metro areas experienced some of the fastest or largest growth in their foreign-born populations over the decade , state legislatures passed laws in 2011 to crack down on unauthorized residents . Not every region is reacting in this way . Metro areas that want to stem their population loss and boost economic growth -- such as Detroit and Cleveland -- are devising ways to woo immigrants . These areas experienced the slowest growth of their immigrant populations among all metropolitan areas -- Detroit at 9 % and Cleveland at 6 % -- well below the 26 % growth across the 100 largest metro areas . Dayton , Ohio , where the tiny immigrant population grew by 57 % over the past 10 years , is the most recent place to buck the "  stay out " trend . The city council agreed to a new plan , crafted by 130 community members from all segments of Dayton 's communities , outlining a framework for new policies to make the city more open and supportive of immigrants . Dayton 's Mayor Gary Leitzel emphasized , "  This is not a city of Dayton government program . For this effort to be successful , it will take the support and active participation of businesses , schools , institutions and organizations throughout the Dayton area . The Welcome Dayton plan represents an attitude we all must adopt to take advantage of the brainpower , energy and resources available through the various immigrant groups coming to Dayton . " Even as Alabama state legislators were passing their restrictive legislation , city council members in Birmingham voted unanimously on a resolution condemning the law when it was passed in June , calling for a commission to figure out better ways to address the issues . There is widespread agreement that the national immigration system is broken , but no consensus on how to fix it . Given an acrimonious Congress , the emotional nature of the immigration issue -- especially in tough economic times -- and the looming presidential campaign season , federal reform is an unlikely prospect in the near future . In the meantime , a patchwork of state and local approaches will continue to address the benefits and challenges of immigration that confront people where they live , where they govern , and where budgets are made . In other words , do n't expect the uproar to die down anytime soon . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of the authors .	Immigration actually slowed down in the last decade despite the uproar , authors say They say the immigration issue is much more contentious because of a poor economy Some areas have seen immigrant population more than double , prompting controversy Authors : While some pass laws to curb immigrants , other places welcome them
Chris Christie -- a self-styled truth teller with a penchant for political combat -- was notably cautious Wednesday when pressed on President Barack Obama 's plan to issue immigration executive orders . At the annual meeting of the Republican Governors Association here , the New Jersey governor and potential 2016 presidential contender repeatedly avoided weighing on the Obama plan that could defer deportation for almost four million undocumented immigrants . Christie , the RGA 's chairman , addressed reporters at the conference and basked in the glow his successful 2014 election cycle , proudly flanked by new governors-elect from the blue states of Illinois and Maryland . But even as other Republican governors with White House ambitions sharply attacked the President 's decision , Christie hedged on the hot-button issue when reporters broached the subject . "  Let 's wait to see what the president says tomorrow night before we have any kind of reaction to that , " Christie said when asked about the immigration announcement . He did express confidence that the new Republican leadership in Congress will avoid a government shutdown over the matter despite threats from hard-line conservatives . "  All this kind of hysteria about shutdown to me is just people wanting to make news , " Christie said . "  I have confidence in the Speaker , I have confidence in Leader McConnell that they 'll do this the right way and run the government . " Later , asked if he would repeal Obama 's executive actions on immigration if he were elected president , he punted again , saying that questions about a hypothetical candidacy were irrelevant . "  I am not going to articulate the basis of a yet unknown candidacy , " he said . Christie instead turned the focus back to New Jersey where , he said , "  we 've been dealing with this stuff already , because of the president 's unwillingness to deal with this issue . " He pointed to a version of the DREAM Act he signed last year granting tuition breaks to children of undocumented workers -- a bill that rankled some conservative activists in early primary states like Iowa and New Hampshire -- and flagged his opposition to driver 's licenses for illegal immigrants . Other governors at the meeting , including several eyeing their own White House bids , were more willing to condemn the president , often in blunt terms . Indiana Gov. Mike Pence , said the president should sit down with congressional leaders and work on a piece meal approach to immigration reform . "  I think it would be a profound mistake for the president to overturn America 's immigration laws with a stroke of a pen , " he said . Ohio Gov. John Kasich called unilateral action a "  mistake . " Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal called the move "  illegal " and said the president is breaching Constitutional separation of powers . Texas Gov. Rick Perry also called the executive order unconstitutional . Obama is also putting his own party in jeopardy , he said . "  I think he jeopardizes long term the Democrats ability to ever get back into power in Washington , D.C. , " Perry said . Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker said Congress could file suit and lake legal action against the president . There would be a "  compelling " case to made against the president in the court system , he said . Though his potential rivals might have been drawing a policy contrast with Christie ahead of next year 's primary , they and other Republicans gushed over his political work atop the RGA . Christie raised over $ 100 million to elect GOP governors in 2014 and even went into debt to help pull long-shot Republican candidate Larry Hogan over the finish line in deep-blue Maryland . "  I want to thank Gov. Christie for believing in us , and the RGA for coming to the rescue , " Hogan told reporters . Bruce Rauner , the governor-elect in Illinois , called Christie "  a relentless campaigner . " "  I 've never seen anything like it , " he said . And Pence said "  the country owes a debt of gratitude " to Christie for helping install 31 governors in state houses across the country , the most for either party in 16 years . "  I speak on behalf of all the Republican governors , when I say thank you to Gov. Christie for his extraordinary leadership , " Pence said .	Chris Christie was in Florida at annual meeting of the Republican Governors Association Christie was cautious in talking about Obama 's immigration plan Christie is a potential 2016 presidential contender
CNN  -- The worst is over and Dubai is looking for new opportunities for growth , according to Dubai 's ruler , Sheikh Mohammed . In an exclusive interview with CNN , Sheikh Mohammed Bin Rashid Al Maktoum said that he views the global recession as a challenge and that companies there are restructuring in response . "  I do n't call it a recession , I call it challenge , " said Sheikh Mohammed , who is also prime minister of the United Arab Emirates . "  The companies are restructuring because it 's a new world . You have to stop and restructure . " Dubai is home to the region 's largest airport , largest airline and largest trade port . In the past two decades , the tiny Emirate has created a name for itself in finance , tourism and logistics . But , the past six months have included a whole different set of challenges . During this period , Dubai has been carrying out an across the board restructuring of Dubai World and many brands under Dubai Holding , the investment vehicle in which Sheikh Mohammed holds majority stakes . It has restructured $ 23.5 billion worth of Dubai World 's debt and is now dealing with the debt of other companies . At the same time , Dubai 's carrier , Emirates Airlines recently placed a colossal $ 11.5 billion plane order after passenger growth of 21 percent and profits of nearly a billion dollars last year .	Sneak preview of CNN 's exclusive interview with the Ruler of Dubai Sheikh Mohammed on restructuring Dubai World He said : "  The companies are restructuring because it 's a new world "
CNN  -- Actor John Travolta and his legal team are dismayed that the alleged behavior of a juror led to a mistrial in the case of two people accused of attempting to extort millions from Travolta , his representative said . John Travolta , center , and his wife , Kelly Preston , enter the courthouse in the Bahamas last month . "  We are disappointed to hear about the alleged juror misconduct since we know that the Bahamian government , the court , the other jurors and John Travolta as the victim want to have this matter adjudicated through the judicial system , " Samantha Mast said late Wednesday night . "  Mr. Travolta has and will continue to cooperate with the Bahamian authorities in the prosecution of the defendants for extortion . " The Bahamian judge said she believed someone in the jury had had inappropriate communications outside of the jury room , where jurors had been deliberating for eight hours . The judge received information that an announcement had been made at a local political rally that one of the defendants had been found not guilty . Tarino Lightbourn , a paramedic , and former Bahamian Sen. Pleasant Bridgewater -- who also is Lightbourn 's lawyer -- are charged with trying to extort money from Travolta after his son Jett 's death from a seizure on January 2 . The money allegedly was to be paid in return for not making public a document Travolta had signed , declining to have his 16-year-old son , Jett , transported to a nearby hospital . Travolta refused a demand for money . Lightbourn and Bridgewater have pleaded not guilty . While lawyers and journalists awaited the verdict Wednesday night , they were inundated with calls from colleagues saying that someone at a rally for the Progressive Liberal Party had announced that party member Bridgewater was "  free at last . " When the courtroom doors opened to a packed crowd , the jury foreman said the jurors needed more time to deliberate . But Judge Anita Allen opted to discharge the jury . "  About two hours ago , there was an announcement at a particular political party , " she said . "  It leaves the impression that there may have been a communication in the jury room . I am going to discharge you from returning your verdict . " She then ordered a retrial . "  We would have liked to have had a verdict so there would be closure in this case , but we prefer to have a new trial , " said Travolta 's lawyer Michael Ossi . "  We believe the evidence was very strong and convincing . The jury was deliberating for about eight hours . ... If , in fact , Tarino Lightbourn or Pleasant Bridgewater were found not guilty , a verdict would have been read hours before this announcement . " Lightbourn 's lawyer Carlson Shurland expressed disappointment over the judge 's ruling , saying the case has been a "  financial nightmare . " "  Unfortunately , after a lot of expenses , I 'm very , very disappointed , " he said . "  I 'm confident that we would have had a favorable verdict . " Earlier in the trial , Travolta had testified that his son was found unresponsive by a nanny at home on the island of Grand Bahamas , where the family was spending the New Year 's holiday . Travolta said he initially told the ambulance driver to rush them to an airport where his private jet was parked . Travolta , who is a pilot , planned to fly his son to a West Palm Beach , Florida , hospital instead of driving him to one in nearby Freeport . The actor testified that while he and his wife , actress Kelly Preston , were riding in the ambulance with their son , they decided to take the teen to the hospital , instead of flying to Florida . At the hospital , Travolta was told his son "  was n't alive , " he said . During the ambulance ride , Lightbourn asked Travolta to sign a statement releasing the ambulance company from liability . "  I received a liability of release document . I signed it . I did not read it . Time was of the essence , " Travolta testified . Travolta testified that he later learned about a demand for $ 25 million . If he did n't pay , "  stories connected to that document would be sold to the press , " the actor said . "  The stories would imply the death of my son was intentional and I was culpable somehow . " An attorney representing Bridgewater and Lightbourn asked Travolta whether the defendants had ever contacted or threatened him directly . Travolta said they had not and that he had heard specifics about the situation through his attorneys . Travolta 's attorney Michael McDermott testified that Bridgewater had told him that the "  document would show -LSB- Travolta -RSB- killed his son or was negligent in the death of his son . " Also , McDermott told the court that Bridgewater had claimed that the form was evidence that Travolta was "  trying to flee the country with his dead son . " "  I said to Mrs. Bridgewater , ` What you are doing is a criminal offense -- it 's extortion in the United States , " McDermott testified . McDermott said he contacted authorities and later met with Bridgewater in a Nassau hotel room for a conversation secretly recorded by Bahamian police . The price for keeping the document under wraps was dropped through subsequent phone conversations . It went from $ 25 million to $ 10 million , McDermott said . CNN 's John Couwels and journalist Arthia Nixon contributed to this report .	NEW : Travolta wanted to see case resolved at trial , his representative says Announcement at rally spurs judge to declare mistrial in Travolta extortion trial Paramedic , former Bahamian senator allegedly sought $ 25 million from Travolta Alleged plot centered around death of 16-year-old Jett Travolta
CNN  -- Scientists in the Arctic have discovered the largest ever under-ice bloom of phytoplankton , likening the discovery to "  finding the Amazon rainforest in the middle of the Mojave Desert . " Researchers were amazed to discover a colossal 100 kilometer  62 miles  stretch of phytoplankton blooming under Arctic ice , north of Alaska , in July last year . It had previously been assumed that sea ice blocked the sunlight necessary for the growth of marine plants . But four times more phytoplankton was found under the ice than in ice-free waters nearby . Scientists now believe that pools of melting ice actually function like skylights and magnifying glasses , focusing sunlight into sea water , providing the perfect conditions for the intense phytoplankton bloom , which makes the water look like pea soup . Undiscovered until the 1970s , the ocean 's phytoplankton is now understood to be responsible for about as much of the oxygen in our atmosphere as plants on land . The ecological consequences of the polar bloom are not yet fully understood but given phytoplankton 's position at the base of the food chain , it is expected to have implications for ocean animals that feed in the area . It was a serendipitous discovery for scientists who , as part of NASA 's ICESCAPE program , were studying the impact of climate change in the Chukchi sea , where melt season changes are pronounced . Making their way through meter-thick ice aboard the U.S. Coast Guard 's largest icebreaker Healy in July last year , scientists observed surprising amounts of fluorescing chlorophyll , indicating the presence of photosynthesizing plant life . Tide turns towards undersea energy "  If someone had asked me before the expedition whether we would see under-ice blooms , I would have told them it was impossible , " said ICESCAPE mission leader Kevin Arrigo of Stanford University , at a press conference announcing the publication of findings in "  Science " this month . "  This discovery was a complete surprise . " Donald Perovich , a U.S. Army geophysicist who studied the ice 's optical properties , described the under-ice area as looking "  like a photographic negative " . "  Beneath the bare-ice areas that reflect a lot of sunlight , it was dark . Under the melt ponds , it was very bright , " he said . The melt pools were found to let in four times as much light as snow-covered ice . Protected from ultraviolet rays , phytoplankton grows twice as fast under-ice as in the open ocean . Using an automated microscope system called an Imaging FlowCytobot , Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution biologist Sam Laney took millions of photographs of the phytoplankton organisms , some of which he also found in brine channels inside the ice . Antarctic ice shelves ` tearing apart ' , says study The type of phytoplankton found near coasts can bloom rapidly when there are changes to the amounts of light and nutrients available . Some blooms are toxic for humans and marine life . If the Arctic sea ice continues to thin , blooms might become more widespread and appear earlier , which could pose problems for migrating birds and whales , said Arrigo . "  It could make it harder and harder for migratory species to time their life cycles to be in the Arctic when the bloom is at its peak , " he said . "  If their food supply is coming earlier , they might be missing the boat . " "  At this point we do n't know whether these rich phytoplankton blooms have been happening in the Arctic for a long time , and we just have n't observed them before , " he said .	A NASA expedition has discovered a huge phytoplankton bloom under Arctic ice Scientists say melting ice pools function as skylights , enabling under-ice photosynthesis The timing of such blooms could affect migratory species ' feeding cycles
CNN  -- Telling a dirty joke or spouting political slogans : Which can get you in trouble faster at the office ? Election Day can get heated when your co-workers pick political sides at the office and try to argue others into the ground . "  Work is not the place to discuss controversial topics , because you do n't know where everyone in the group stands , " says Jacqueline Whitmore , author of "  Business Class : Etiquette Essentials for Success at Work . " "  When you talk about it , you can make some people uncomfortable and not everyone is as passionate as other people might be . " Political talk can upset co-workers and create barriers in the office . Giving your opinion on controversial topics can quickly taint the atmosphere . People who do n't agree with you might avoid you . While most employers do n't prohibit talk of politics , says Bryon Peterson , principle of Human Resources Group International Inc. , companies tend to differ in policies and regulations regarding political discussion . "  In hard times , people become passionate . My recommendation : While we as a company can not prohibit political discussion , the company can provide recommendations and expectations , " says Peterson . When Sam from accounting comes around spouting his opinion about the gubernatorial election , you can do a couple of things : avoid him completely , argue or say something to end the conversation . Saying "  I 'm not well versed in that subject , " or "  We can agree to disagree " are nonconfrontational ways to avoid the discussion , Whitmore says . But sometimes just listening is better than engaging -- especially if you work in the service industry . Whitmore gives the example of voicing political views at a beauty salon where tips make up a part of your income . "  Your client might bring it up , and as a hairdresser of that person , you sit and listen , that 's one thing . But if your co-worker brings it up , you do n't necessarily have to take part , " says Whitmore . Certain jobs do include a clash of opinions . Political blogger Richie Essenburg is not afraid to hurt your feelings , stating on his website , "  If you like Ronald Reagan , chances are you wo n't like this entry , possibly this whole blog site . " Essenburg has argued with lawyers , peers , Republicans and Democrats about anything from the health care bill to racism to the state of the economy . His advice ? "  Be honest and sincere , but keep it civil . Be open to someone 's viewpoint , you might actually learn something from them , " Essenburg says . Peterson also says a political discussion can be a learning experience for both the supervisor and employees . "  I kind of like to divide and conquer , and discussion with employees is a pretty impactful way to address potential conflict , " says Peterson . "  That 's a teaching moment . " He suggests that supervisors should address employees ' political conversation by joining in , "  I just hope and expect that you are using the opportunity to have this discussion , refraining from conflict , and using this to listen to each other . " Acting as a fundraiser for your political party or candidate may not be acceptable at your company . So you might want to check before e-mailing or posting solicitations on the break room bulletin board . "  It really depends on if the company has a no soliciting policy . If they do , then they can ask the person to tear it -LSB- poster -RSB- down , " Peterson says . It also depends on if a person is creating conflict . "  Address the fact if the person is offending anyone or making an uncomfortable work environment , " says Peterson . If you are unsure about your company 's policy on political conversation , contact your human resources department .	Companies tend to differ on policies regarding political discussion "  Be honest and sincere , but keep it civil , " says Richie Essenburg , political blogger Be careful of soliciting for a political candidate and check with your supervisor
Port-au-Prince , Haiti  CNN  -- Anger boiled over on the streets of Haiti 's capital Tuesday -- not just from residents who have gone a week without food and water , but from the people who are supposed to be providing it . Relief workers say help is not reaching many of the 2 million residents in Port-au-Prince who need aid , because those who are supposed to be coordinating the efforts are inept . "  It 's terrible , " said Eric Klein , head of disaster-relief agency CAN-DO . "  There 's got to be coordination . " Medical aid is particularly needed , Klein and others said . "  There are medical supplies just sitting at the frigging airport , " Klein said while sitting in the cab of a 1,200-gallon water truck near the heavily damaged presidential palace . Klein and two Haitian businessmen had just delivered free water to a nearby town . iReport : Search list of the missing and the found It 's not just water and food that are not making it to residents . A 20-member French medical and rescue team that arrived Sunday in Port-au-Prince finally reached their aid site at Sylvio Cator Stadium two days later . "  We did not have trucks or gasoline to get here , " Bruno Besson , a co-team leader , said Tuesday . Full coverage l Twitter updates The group had been ready since last Wednesday , one day after the earthquake , but had to sit at the airport in France for two days because there was no plane available to take them , said a frustrated Oustalet Jean-Philippe , the other co-leader for Secouristes Sans Frontieres . He blamed the United Nations . Others say the United States , which is spearheading the relief effort , is at fault . High-resolution images of damage The Geneva , Switzerland-based Doctors Without Borders complained this weekend that U.S. air traffic controllers in charge of the Aeroport International Toussaint Louverture were diverting aircraft carrying medical supplies and other humanitarian aid . U.S. military flights were getting top priority , the doctors group said . Alain Joyandet , the French minister in charge of humanitarian aid , said Monday that the U.S. military build-up was hindering relief efforts . Some media reported that Joyandet admitted becoming involved in a tussle in the airport 's control tower over the flight plan for a French evacuation mission . U.S. officials said they would start giving priority to humanitarian flights over military landings and takeoffs , reports said . About 200 flights a day are taking off and landing at the one-runway airport each day , said Army Major Gen. Daniel B. Allyn , deputy commander of the joint task force providing relief . With the seaport closed by earthquake damage , hundreds of tons of aid sit waiting at the airport , the only port of entry . U.S. military helicopters routinely load the cargo at a grassy landing zone between the runway and a crowded tarmac and airlift it to at least eight distribution points throughout the city . Some aid workers say a lack of trucks and fuel makes it difficult to transport the cargo on land . Security is also a concern . The military will open two other airports within the next two days , Allyn said Tuesday . One will be about 25 miles from Port-au-Prince , while the other will be in the adjacent Dominican Republic . The U.S. military has 2,000 troops on the ground and will increase that level to 10,000 in the next few weeks , the general said . The military has distributed 400,000 bottles of water and 300,000 meals since the earthquake , Allyn added . But many aid workers -- or those who would like to help -- find themselves increasingly frustrated . Gueldie Laraque and nine other South Florida nurses took vacation time to travel to Haiti to help and arrived Sunday . Two days later , they still could n't find where to go . Three of them had finally gotten a ride from a friend of a friend Tuesday while they looked for a place that needed their services . "  We just get ca n't around , " said Laraque , an ICU registered nurse . "  We 're getting very frustrated . " Her colleague , Luzus Nortelus , also voiced her exasperation . "  We 're trying to find out what to do , " she said . "  What do they need ? " At Sylvio Cator Stadium , where hundreds of displaced Haitian families have set up camp , a team of Israeli doctors has treated about 500 patients in the past three days . The French medical team 's arrival was particularly welcomed . "  This is a dream come true , " said Alan Schneider , director of the B'Nai B'rith World Center in Jerusalem . "  It 's been a harrowing three days . " The Israeli team consists of two doctors and seven nurses . They were joined by the five doctors , four paramedics , 11 rescuers and four dogs on the French team .	Twenty-member French team that arrived Sunday reaches aid site two days later French group co-leader cites frustration over lack of plane to take them to Haiti Doctors Without Borders complains of U.S. military flights getting top priority Earthquake damage closes seaport ; hundreds of tons of aid sit at airport
Centennial , Colorado  CNN  -- A judge on Tuesday entered a standard plea of not guilty for James Holmes , the man suspected in a mass shooting at a Colorado movie theater , after he and his attorneys said they were not ready to enter a plea . In court documents , Holmes ' attorneys had suggested that they might enter a plea of not guilty by reason of insanity for the shooting rampage at the theater that left 12 people dead and 58 injured on July 20 , 2012 . Holmes ' sanity was expected to be a major issue at Tuesday 's arraignment ; his attorneys still may enter an insanity plea but it would be subject to the judge 's approval . Holmes ' parents sat holding hands during the hearing but did n't react to the judge 's decision . They were seated directly across the aisle from wheelchair-bound shooting victim Caleb Medley and his wife , Katie , who delivered their baby shortly after the shooting . The hearing was delayed about 30 minutes because Holmes ' attorney Daniel King was late . He attributed it to traffic caused by unexpected snowfall -- a weather system that surprised many journalists in the courtroom , as well . When King asked Judge William Blair Sylvester for a delay of the arraignment , there were audible sighs from the side of the courtroom where shooting survivors and victim families sit . When the judge declared that he would move forward with the arraignment , one man held his hands in the air in a "  hallelujah " gesture . Prosecutors say they will make a decision on whether it not to seek the death penalty against the 25-year-old Holmes at a hearing April 1 . But an insanity plea could make such a move harder , said David Beller , an attorney who is not connected to the case . "  There are a few reasons they would n't go for the death penalty ; the most important one being his mental state , " Beller said . "  The Supreme Court , and really society , has been very clear : We do n't execute people who are mentally ill . " Details of shooting emerge in hearing The reaction Family members of some of those who died in the shooting say they would be unhappy with an insanity defense . Jessica Watts , whose cousin was killed , said she does not believe Holmes is insane . "  Absolutely not . This was months and months of planning and thousands of dollars spent on his part in order to pull this horrific night off , " she said . Federal agents have said Holmes began buying guns in May 2012 , two months before the attack . He allegedly built an arsenal of two Glock handguns , an AR-15 rifle , a shotgun and 6,295 rounds of ammunition . In addition , authorities contend , the former University of Colorado doctoral student dyed his hair fiery orange and apparently visited the movie theater , taking photographs of hallways and doors , two weeks before the shooting . Remembering the victims The defense According to the Colorado Bar Association , an insanity defense refers to "  a person who is so diseased or defective in mind at the time of the commission of the act as to be incapable of distinguishing right from wrong with respect to that act is not accountable . " If Holmes ' enters such a plea , he would waive all medical confidentiality and will have to turn over the name of any doctor or psychologist who may have treated him , according to Colorado law . "  If he enters the not guilty by reason of insanity plea , he 's going to be examined by state doctors and any statement he makes to those state doctors are given to the prosecution for potential use later , " Beller said . On Monday , a judge ruled that Holmes will also have to agree to be drugged by doctors to assess his condition if he enters an insanity plea . Earlier this month , Holmes ' lawyers tried to have Colorado 's insanity defense laws changed . The attorneys asked the judge to rule parts of the state 's insanity defense laws unconstitutional . Among other issues , they cited the requirement that a defendant "  cooperate " with examining psychiatrists as a violation of the defendant 's privilege against compelled self-incrimination . Widow of Colorado theater shooting victim sues psychiatrist The charges Holmes is charged with a total of 166 counts of murder , attempted murder and other charges . Authorities say he booby-trapped his apartment with explosives , then traveled to the movie theater armed with four weapons , tear gas and body armor planning to kill audience members during a screening of "  Batman : The Dark Knight Rises . " Witnesses who have spoken to CNN about the shooting have said the gunman roamed the theater , shooting randomly as people tried to scramble away or cowered between seats . Among the 41 calls to 911 , one stands out . In the 27-second call , at least 30 shots can be heard amid the chaos . At his preliminary hearing in January , police who responded described hellish scenes inside the theater and described finding Holmes , dressed in body armor , standing outside , seeming "  detached from it all , " according to Officer Jason Oviatt . At the conclusion of the brief hearing , the father of one of the victim 's shouted out , "  Rot in hell , Holmes . " Holmes ' trial date has been set for August 5 . Read the latest news on CNN.com CNN 's Michael Cary and Jim Spellman contributed to this report from Colorado .	NEW : James Holmes and attorneys say he is not ready to enter plea NEW : Judge enters a standard not guilty plea for Holmes NEW : Ruling to move forward elicits emotional response in courtroom The suspect 's attorneys had filed court documents about insanity defenses
With a long-held ethos of non-interference in other countries ' affairs , risk-averse China is perhaps an unlikely ally in President Barack Obama 's pledge to "  degrade " and "  destroy " ISIS in Iraq and Syria . But with Beijing 's growing unease about terrorist threats by Islamist extremists at home , analysts say China -- a U.N. Security Council permanent member - is unlikely to oppose plans to build a "  broad coalition " to go after ISIS . "  I think China in principle will quietly support this idea to curb ISIS , " says Chen Dingding , an assistant professor of government at the University of Macau . "  ISIS has openly listed China as a major threat to them and if they gain more influence , it 's likely they will target Xinjiang and even other parts of China , " he added . Earlier this month , Iraqi news reports showed pictures of what they said was a captured Chinese national fighting for ISIS . China 's foreign ministry said it could not confirm the reports . Many domestic observers assumed the man was Uyghur , a mainly Muslim minority group that lives in Xinjiang , an ethnically divided region in China 's north west . It remains unclear whether the captured man was actually Uyghur , but Xie Tao , a professor of political science at Beijing Foreign Studies University , says that there is "  deep concern " among security analysts and commentators . "  If these groups have cells in Xinjiang , if it can be confirmed that ISIS members were recruited from China , if we are already becoming a ground for recruitment for these people then China has a stake in keeping ISIS away from its borders , " said Xie . While China , along with Russia , has blocked U.N. Security Council action on Syria during the three-year civil war , both Chen and Xie said that China would likely support a generic resolution that condemns terrorist atrocities and authorizes an international force to target ISIS . "  This is not going to be a resolution that China will veto . This is not about sovereignty or  Syrian President  Assad , " said Xie . In response to a reporter 's question on whether China would join U.S. efforts to combat terrorism , Hua Chunying , China 's foreign ministry spokesperson , said that China hoped that "  with joint efforts of the international community , the countries involved will soon restore stability and order , achieve reconciliation , peace and development . " "  Abiding by the principles of mutual respect and equal cooperation , China is willing to enhance anti-terrorism communication and cooperation with the international community so as to safeguard international security and stability , " she added . Criticism The United States has been critical of China 's reluctance to get involved in international security issues given its expanding global interests . In August , Obama called China a "  free rider " for its reluctance to contribute to international security while importing oil and other resources from places like Iraq . China has sent a special envoy to the Middle East to help facilitate dialogue between Israel and Palestine but changes to its traditional non-interventionist foreign policy have been limited in scale . Last week , National Security Adviser Susan Rice made her first visit to China , reportedly conveying hopes that China might join an international coalition to collectively combat terrorism . But its support is likely to symbolic rather than substantive , says Xie with scant chance of Chinese combat troops on the ground . "  We 're not really ready to take that leap . "	China has a long-held policy of non-interference in other countries affairs But Beijing is likely to quietly support the U.S. fight against ISIS , analysts say China 's foreign ministry says willing to enhance communication and cooperation Support is likely to be symbolic rather than substantive
CNN  -- I was 5 years old when the person who took my innocence touched me inappropriately . What he did to me went on for a period of time , though I do n't remember how long exactly . He was a teenage babysitter . His sister also participated in the abuse . She taught me things that no child should know about sex . To this day I do n't understand why they did what they did . I 'm not sure I care why they did it . What matters to me now is talking about it . As a victim , I want to start a conversation about sexual abuse . As a society , I 'm well aware that many people -- victims like me -- are afraid to speak out because they feel ashamed or scared . But by remaining silent , victims like me feel like we 're taking responsibility for a crime committed against us that we know is wrong . I wanted nothing to do with the abuse . I did n't want it to be a part of me , so I ignored it for almost 25 years . During that time , the memories haunted me and I developed unhealthy coping mechanisms to compensate for the negative way I saw myself . I tried to be outwardly perfect . I withdrew and became defensive when I faced criticism . But in order to heal , victims need to be able to talk about what happened to them , to acknowledge the horror of it , to condemn it and to demand punishment . For example , if we pretend that armed robberies do n't happen because they are bad , we would probably have Bonnies and Clydes running around everywhere . By talking about sexual abuse , we send a message to society to pay more attention to this problem . It 's not easy for me to disclose this part of my life . But with the love of my family and friends , I have begun to address the problem . Part of that includes seeking the help of a therapist to understand the impact of the abuse . And then something happened the other day . When Woody Allen received a lifetime achievement award and got a standing ovation at the Golden Globes on Sunday night , his ex-wife Mia Farrow and her son Ronan Farrow sent out tweets that alluded to alleged sexual abuse of Mia Farrow 's adopted daughter Dylan , who was 7 when Allen and Farrow were married . Allen denied the allegation and was never charged , but Mia and Ronan believe otherwise . Their tweets made me think of my own past . I remember reading an article a few months ago about the allegation . When I read about Dylan and the Farrows trying to put forward her voice and her story , I wondered what was holding me back in telling my story . Now , I 'm revealing to the public something so personal I 'm not sure what 's going to happen as a result . I am not sure how people will treat me . I do n't know if people will think I am damaged . I hope not . I 've been told I am brave for talking about it . But I wish I never had to be brave . I wish it had never happened . It 's a punishment to me every day knowing that the people who abused me -- who impacted my life in such a harmful way -- escaped justice . As much as I want to bring my case to justice , it is difficult to do so because it happened more than two decades ago in a foreign country . At the time , I did n't understand what was happening to me . I was 5 , and I was n't going to take anyone to court . I am not entirely sure that going public with my story is a good idea . I do know that the alternative - denial and silence - is no way to live . I felt ashamed of something I did n't do . But as I have begun to talk about the abuse , I have discovered that I have no reason to feel ashamed . There are many adults who may feel ashamed about sexual abuse in their own life . They may be confused about what to do . They may think -- "  what if I am wrong and I accuse this person and create a mess " -- and they balk at action . They should take action -- when they are ready . Whether that means taking their perpetrator to court , speaking out about how to help victims , discussing with their communities about ways of prevention , or advocating for more resources to help those who are being sexually abused or were sexually abused . The therapy I have been lucky enough to have access to has changed my life . An important part of overcoming sexual abuse is addressing the stigma of seeking the help of a therapist , because some people may think you 're crazy or unstable . I am not . But I was wounded . Therapy has helped me begin to heal that wound . According to National Center for Victims of Crime , one in five girls and one in twenty boys are victims of sexual abuse . Such abuse causes children to "  develop low self-esteem , a feeling of worthlessness and an abnormal or distorted view of sex . " And when they grow up , they can become withdrawn and suicidal . As a journalist , every day when I show up for work , I ask other people to tell their stories from staring down the Navy Yard shooter to surviving the Moore , Oklahoma tornado . I ask these people to be fearless in telling the world about their stories . But when it came to my own story , I have n't done it ... until now . I believe in telling the truth -- and I believe telling the truth can set you free , however trite that is . If you can find your words , you should use them . I hope it helps . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Allison Brennan .	Allison Brennan : I was sexually abused when I was a child ; it 's not easy to reveal this Brennan : To heal , victims need to be able to talk about what happened to them She says many victims are afraid to speak out because they feel ashamed or scared Brennan : Talking about it sends a message to society to pay more attention to this issue
JOHANNESBURG , South Africa  CNN  -- Ten South African ministers and the deputy president have resigned as President Thabo Mbeki prepares to leave office . South African President Thabo Mbeki announced his resignation in a televised address Sunday . His replacement , African National Congress Deputy President Kgalema Motlanthe , will be sworn in as South Africa 's president Thursday . Mbeki announced he was resigning on Sunday , prompting threats from several Cabinet members to follow suit -- but the outgoing president urged them to stay in office , government sources said . The resignations , which include Finance Minister Trevor Manuel and Defense Minister Mosiuoa Lekota , will take effect Thursday when Mbeki steps down , a government statement said . "  All the ministers have expressed their availability to assist the incoming administration in the hand-over process and any other assistance that might be sought from them , " the statement said . The finance minister 's assistant told CNN that Manuel is willing to serve in the new government , if needed . Three deputy ministers have also tendered their resignations , a government statement said . A spokesman for South Africa 's ruling party , the African National Congress , confirmed that it has named Motlanthe as its choice to succeed Mbeki . Motlanthe will stay in office until elections in the spring of next year , which ANC President Jacob Zuma is widely expected to win . Earlier this month , the ANC asked Mbeki to step down after a judge threw out the corruption , fraud and racketeering case against Zuma -- Mbeki 's political arch rival . The judge called the case invalid and accused Mbeki 's government of political interference . Mbeki -- who has been South Africa 's president for nearly 10 years -- spoke of some of his achievements when he formally announced his resignation on Sunday during a televised address . Watch the significance of Mbeki "  falling on the sword " " "  I depart this office knowing that many men and woman in South Africa have worked to achieve better lives for all , " Mbeki said . Under his leadership the country has had the longest period of sustained economic growth in the South Africa 's history and has reached out to indigent people in an unprecedented way , Mbeki said . Mbeki said the country still has economic , corruption and crime challenges to face in the future . And he gave his vote of confidence to the country 's next leader without naming who that leader would be . Gwede Mantashe , secretary-general of the African National Congress , announced Saturday that the party -- which Mbeki has been involved with since his teens -- had asked him to leave before his term was up . Mbeki agreed to do so , he said . Mantashe said the ANC made the decision "  for the citizens of South Africa , so there could be stability within the country " and so the ANC movement could remain "  stable and unified . " The case against Zuma -- who replaced Mbeki as ANC president last year -- was thrown out in September 2006 , but the National Prosecuting Authority recharged him . Judge Chris Nicholson made no ruling on Zuma 's guilt or innocence , and he could be recharged . Political observers doubted that would happen because of Zuma 's popularity , particularly with the Communist Party and trade unions . Zuma has denied the charges . He said the case was politically motivated , and harmed his chances to become the ANC 's presidential nominee . He could have faced at least 15 years in jail if convicted of accepting bribes from a company that got a contract in a multibillion-dollar arms deal . He also faced charges of having a corrupt relationship with his former financial adviser , Schabir Shaik , who is serving a 15-year sentence for soliciting bribes for Zuma and using Zuma 's political influence to benefit his businesses . Mbeki , 66 , succeeded Nelson Mandela as South Africa 's president in June 1999 . Critics alleged he pushed for the corruption charges against Zuma . Mbeki recently brokered a power-sharing deal between Zimbabwe 's political rivals , who signed the agreement on Monday in an effort to put aside the violent past and end the crisis that has paralyzed Zimbabwe since disputed national elections in March . Under it , longtime Zimbabwean leader Robert Mugabe remains president , while his perennial rival , Morgan Tsvangirai , has become prime minister and the coordinator of government affairs .	10 S. African ministers , deputy president resign with President Thabo Mbeki Replacement , ANC Deputy President Kgalema Motlanthe , sworn in Thursday Mbeki quit after court case collapsed against longtime rival Jacob Zuma
BEIJING , China  CNN  -- Chinese leaders Monday mourned the death of Zhuo Lin , wife of former national leader Deng Xiaoping . Zhuo Lin , center , mourns at husband Deng Xiaoping 's funeral in 1997 . Zhuo , a former consultant of the Central Military Commission General Office , died July 29 at age 93 and was cremated Monday , state-run news agency Xinhua reported . She was "  an excellent Communist Party of China member and time-honored loyal communist fighter , " the party said in a written statement . Zhuo stood by Deng through decades of what CNN once described as "  amazing comebacks " from "  political purges . " Though a committed Communist revolutionary , Deng also was a chief architect of some key reforms that reshaped China 's economy . Zhuo met Deng in 1939 when they were young revolutionaries . She became his third wife and mother of his two sons and three daughters . When Deng rose to prominence as the most powerful leader of China , the family became China 's "  first family . " Zhuo and Deng remained together until his death in 1997 . Part of their story includes time spent together in exile . In 1966 , Deng proposed major reforms including free markets for farmers and incentive bonuses . He was quickly denounced as a "  capitalist roader , " a Maoist term used for people embracing capitalist ideals . He was under house arrest for two years , paraded in a dunce cap through the streets of Beijing and forced to wait tables at a Communist Party school . In 1969 , Deng , Zhuo and several of their children were exiled to Jiangxi province in southeastern China . Deng later said only a personal security team supplied by Chinese leader Mao Zedong protected him from being killed . As Xinhua reported , Zhuo was Deng 's companion "  through thick and thin . " When he ascended to power in 1978 , Deng argued that "  poverty is not socialism " and encouraged the creation of a market economy and capitalist-like enterprises . By the early 1990s his reforms had helped lift an estimated 170 million peasants out of extreme poverty . But he refused to abolish the power of the Communist Party over the lives of China 's citizens . And he apparently approved the brutal suppression of unarmed demonstrators in Beijing 's Tiananmen Square in June 1989 . The remarkable ups and downs of Deng Xiaoping 's long political career took a dramatic toll on Deng and Zhuo 's children , CNN reported in 1999 , "  leaving one son crippled from an attack during the Cultural Revolution but , in more recent years , enabling all five Deng heirs to succeed in business , government or the arts . " The Cultural Revolution was initiated by Mao in 1966 to purge reformists and return the country to his style of communism . Zhuo took on various roles in the Chinese government . In 1978 , she was appointed a consultant of the Central Military Commission General Office , Xinhua reported . "  She served as a deputy to the fourth and fifth National People 's Congress and was awarded the Independence Merit Medal from the People 's Liberation Army in 1988 , " the news agency said . "  My father and mother did not just share a family , they shared political ideals and life pursuits , " said Deng Rong , in a Xinhua report . According to Xinhua , several leaders and former statesmen attended Zhuo 's cremation ceremony , including President Hu Jintao , former President Jiang Zemin , legislator Wu Bangguo and Premier Wen Jiabao . "  To complete the last trip with her beloved husband , Zhuo chose to have her ashes scattered at sea as her husband 's were , " Xinhua reported .	Chinese Community Party calls her "  time-honored loyal communist fighter " Zhuo Lin , wife of Deng Xiaoping , died July 29 at the age of 93 Child says mother , father "  shared political ideals and life pursuits " News agency : Zhuo wanted her ashes spread at sea , just as Deng 's were
Baghdad  CNN  -- Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki is asking lawmakers to withdraw confidence from his deputy after Saleh al-Mutlaq made controversial comments this week over American forces withdrawing from Iraq , state media reported late Saturday . In a recent interview with CNN , al-Mutlaq accused al-Maliki of amassing dictatorial power . "  There will be a day whereby the Americans will realize that they were deceived by al-Maliki ... and they will regret that , " said al-Mutlaq , a leader within Iraqiya movement . The request followed word that the Iraqiya coalition was boycotting the country 's parliament -- a move that would threaten Iraq 's fragile power-sharing arrangement . The crisis pits al-Maliki , a Shiite , against Iraqiya , a powerful political bloc that enjoys support from Sunnis and more secular Iraqis . Also at issue were reports that an arrest warrant had been issued for Vice President Tariq al-Hashimi for masterminding a recent car bombing targeting the parliament . Ali al-Mussawi , al-Maliki 's media adviser , said there were confessions that linked the Sunni vice president to the bombing . Al-Mussawi dismissed the notion that linking al-Hashimi to terrorism was politically motivated . He would not confirm whether an arrest warrant had indeed been issued , saying that was a matter for the judiciary . The Iraqiya bloc , headed by former Prime Minister Ayad Allawi , made its move Friday night . The bloc is one of the largest and most powerful political groups in Iraq and boasts among its members the speaker of the parliament . The bloc had been in a power-sharing deal with al-Maliki 's State of Law Alliance , backed mostly by Shiites . Iraqiya accuses al-Maliki of trying to consolidate his own power rather than share it . His rivals say , for example , that he still controls the country 's security ministries and all decisions go through him . They also say that the hundreds of people seized by the government in October for backing terrorism and supporting the banned Baath Party are Iraqiya supporters . Iraqiya spokesman Haider al-Mulla said the bloc has always warned about the deal 's risks and says the State of Law Alliance has been violating the law . "  Iraqiya has always expressed its rejection to the policy of exclusion and marginalization , lack of power sharing , politicization of the judiciary , the lack of balance within the government institutions , " al-Mulla said . Al-Maliki won a second term as prime minister in 2010 after a months-long dispute among the leading parties in the country 's parliamentary elections . The largely secular Iraqiya movement won two more seats than al-Maliki 's party , but a merger of the premier 's Shiite Muslim slate with a smaller Shiite bloc put him first in line to form a government . There had been fears of renewed bloodshed between Iraq 's majority Shiite and minority Sunni populations and that prompted U.S. officials to work out a power-sharing agreement , bringing the Iraqiya movement into the government . Al-Mutlaq told CNN that Washington is leaving Iraq "  with a dictator " who has ignored a power-sharing agreement , kept control of the country 's security forces and rounded up hundreds of people in recent weeks . He said he was "  shocked " to hear U.S. President Barack Obama greet al-Maliki at the White House on Monday as "  the elected leader of a sovereign , self-reliant and democratic Iraq . " "  America left Iraq with almost no infrastructure . The political process is going in a very wrong direction , going toward a dictatorship , " he said . "  People are not going to accept that , and most likely they are going to ask for the division of the country . And this is going to be a disaster . Dividing the country is n't going to be smooth , because dividing the country is going to be a war before that and a war after that . " Neighboring Iran , predominantly Shiite and led by a Shiite regime , views al-Maliki as its man in Baghdad and has dictated the shape of the current government , al-Mutlaq said . But he said al-Maliki is playing games with both Washington and Tehran . The last U.S. troops are scheduled to be out of Iraq by the end of December , nearly nine years after the 2003 invasion that topped Saddam Hussein . More than 4,000 Americans and an estimated 115,000 Iraqis died in the invasion and the years of insurgency and sectarian warfare that followed . A Sunni who was originally barred from running because of allegations that he supported Hussein 's Baath Party , al-Mutlaq said he has no authority within the government . He said al-Maliki has flouted the power-sharing deal 's provisions by refusing to name permanent ministers to lead the defense and interior ministries , which concentrates control over the military and police in the prime minister 's hands . He said U.S. officials , who brokered the power-sharing deal , either "  do n't know anything in Iraq and they do n't know what is happening in Iraq , or because they do n't want to admit the reality in Iraq , the failure in Iraq , the failure of this political process that they set in Iraq . " Along with Shiites and Sunnis , Kurds are a major player in Iraqi politics . Mahmoud Othman , a Kurdish member of parliament , said lawmakers discussed the Iraqiya move on Saturday and said it reflects "  a level of mistrust between the blocs , the government , Iraqiya and others . "  The problem is that Maliki is n't sharing any security decisions with Iraqiya , he does n't trust them and this is a big problem , " he said . "  Power-sharing was never power-sharing . We are in a government of conflict . Power-sharing was never successful . "  The Kurds do n't want to take sides , we want them  Iraqiya and State of Law Alliance  to get together to solve their problems . " He is worried that the problem could morph into fighting between Sunnis and Shiites or violence against the government . "  This is n't just political , " he said . "  It 's sectarian . "	NEW : Nuri al-Maliki 's spokesman links the vice president to a bombing The deputy prime minister 's job is on the line after controversial comments , report says Request comes after word that the Iraqiya bloc wo n't participate in parliament Iraqiya , of which al-Mutlaq is a member , claims al-Maliki is trying to consolidate power
Producer 's note : Everyone 's had their smartphone run out of juice right at the most inopportune moment . But now , through Kickstarter , a company called Siva Cycle has created a new device to make sure this never happens to you again . It 's cheap . It 's practical . And it 's remarkably low-tech . We spoke to them via Skype , and they showed us how it all works .	Siva Cycle is based in San Francisco Through a Kickstarter campaign , Siva Cycle raised $ 126,000 -- much more than their goal
Instagram is easing users into ads with a first look at what the paid posts will look like . The photo-sharing service said the ads will begin appearing in users ' feeds in the coming week and showed examples of what ads will look like in a blog post . Instagram first warned users of the impending ads three weeks ago . This is the first time ads have appeared in Instagram feeds . The ads will look almost exactly like regular Instagram posts , but in the top right corner a blue arrow icon and the word "  sponsored " will replace the old time-stamp . Click on the more button in the bottom right corner and there will be additional options to hide an ad or give feedback on why you did n't like it . The service is taking great pains to make initial ads attractive and in-line with the sepia - and sunset-soaked Instagram brand . It 's handpicking the early advertisers , choosing big names that already have Instagram accounts including Levi 's , Ben & Jerry 's , General Electric and PayPal . Well-funded brands will likely spring for high quality , original photos that blend in better with a regular feed of photos from friends . If your friends are iffy photographers , the ads might stand out for being a bit prettier than you 're used to . It 's a much more cautious approach than Instagram 's parent company Facebook took with its early ads . The notoriously low-budget ads on the social network have been known to shill everything from discount clogs and dating services to big brands like Verizon and Virgin America with dinky stock photography or logos . Instagram and Facebook already know a great deal about what you like and what ads you 'll be most interested in seeing . The service is going to use data from your Instagram and Facebook habits -- like your friends , likes and interests -- to help it choose what ads to show . It will also use your feedback on ads over time to flesh out your ad-dossier . All Instagram users will eventually see ads , even if they do n't have a Facebook account . If you 're on Instagram , there is no way to avoid them for now , though the rollout will be limited to users in the United States at first . Instagram will also only show ads to people 18 and older  anyone over 13 can open an Instagram account  .	Instagram showed mock-ups of what its first ads will look like The paid posts will be formatted just like regular Instagram posts but labeled as sponsored The new ads will roll out to users in the U.S. in the coming week
Washington  CNN  -- A doctor . A cop . A little girl . A Phillies fan . They 're all Muslims . And , they emphasize in a new online commercial that begins appearing this week , they 're all Americans . "  I do n't want to take over this country , " the dozen-plus speakers say in the public service announcement . "  I do n't support terrorism . " The online video is an effort to fight back against "  the rising tide of fear-mongering " resulting from plans to build a Muslim community center in lower Manhattan in New York , the group behind it said . The project , called Park51 , has come to be known as the "  ground zero mosque , " although it is two blocks from the site of the attack on the World Trade Center on September 11 , 2001 . Its supporters say it will include many other facilities in addition to a space for prayer . The group behind the new commercial , "  My Faith My Voice , " describes itself as a "  grass-roots effort by American Muslims from across the country , " and says it has "  no affiliation to any one organization or school of thought . " It officially launched the video Monday . The group currently has no money to put the ad on television but hopes to raise funds to do so , it said at a news conference Monday . Asked who had funded the project , Hassan Ahmad , an immigration attorney who is part of the group , tapped his pockets and said , "  Part of it is coming from my pocket and part of it is coming from donations . " A one-minute version posted on YouTube includes white , black and Asian speakers , young and old , in clothes ranging from hipster casual to Middle Eastern , with police and doctors ' uniforms among them . Most of the commercial is in English , but it also includes a woman speaking Spanish . CNN 's Eric Marrapodi contributed to this report .	A new group releases a commercial in response to the New York controversy The spot includes a wide variety of speakers talking about Islam and themselves The group behind the commercial officially launches it on Monday
Congress on Tuesday bestowed its highest civilian honor on the four African-American girls killed in a 1963 church bombing in Birmingham , Alabama . Addie Mae Collins , Carole Robertson and Cynthia Wesley , all 14 , and Denise McNair , 11 , were killed during Sunday services on September 15 , 1963 , at 16th Street Baptist Church . Their senseless deaths "  awakened the slumbering consciousness of America and galvanized the civil rights movement , " Alabama Rep. Terri Sewell said at the Congressional Gold Medal ceremony at the U.S. Capitol . "  Fifty years later , we finally honor their life and legacy . Justice delayed but not denied , " Sewell said . At the ceremony , House Speaker John Boehner recalled details of the girls ' lives . Addie Mae went door-to-door after school selling aprons and potholders her mother made . Denise put on skits in the garage to raise money for muscular dystrophy research . Carole made sure her chores were done so she could go to dance class on Saturdays , while Cynthia excelled in math and band . "  Birmingham had to go through hell but found its way back and pushed itself forward and pushed the whole country forward as well , " Boehner said . "  This is one of the true American stories . " Three former Ku Klux Klan members were convicted in the church bombing , which left at least 14 other people injured . President Barack Obama signed legislation granting the posthumous honor in May .	The girls receive Congressional Gold Medals posthumously They were killed 50 years ago in Birmingham , Alabama Alabama congresswoman : "  Justice delayed but not denied "
London  CNN  -- Amy Winehouse "  was the happiest she has been for years , " with a new love and renewed determination to overcome her drug addiction in her last weeks , he father said in a statement Tuesday as family and friends gathered for the singer 's funeral in London . "  But knowing she was n't depressed , knowing she passed away , knowing she passed away happy , it makes us all feel better , " Mitch Winehouse said . Record producer Mark Ronson , who worked with Winehouse on her Grammy-winning album "  Back to Black , " was among the mourners at the funeral , according to CNN affiliate ITV . But the singer 's ex-husband , Blake Fielder-Civil , was not released from prison to attend the memorial , a source familiar with the situation said . He is serving a 32-month sentence for burglary and possession of an imitation firearm , according to media reports . Sparse details are being released about the ceremony though Winehouse spokesman Chris Goodman described it as "  a small , private event for a few friends and family . " Investigators might not know what killed Winehouse until they get results from lab tests on her blood and tissue , due in two to four weeks , according to London 's Metropolitan Police , also known as Scotland Yard . An autopsy was completed at St. Pancras Mortuary on Monday afternoon , two days after the singer was found dead in her London apartment . "  It did not establish a formal cause of death and we await the results of further toxicology tests , " a police statement said . An inquest into her death was opened Monday , the statement said . Her father , in his statement Tuesday , said his daughter had made a "  fantastic recovery " as "  recently Amy found love with Reg  Traviss .  " "  He helped her with her problems and Amy was looking forward to their future together . " Winehouse said . "  She was the happiest she has been for years . " He wrote of a "  great night " with his daughter recently at London 's 100 Club when "  her voice was good , her wit and timing were perfect . " "  She told me that she had ` thoroughly , thoroughly enjoyed herself , ' " her father said . "  The last time she called me she had found a box of old family photos and called me to go over to look . We spoke three times a day at least , she was very excited . " Winehouse "  was trying hard to deal with her drinking and had just completed three weeks of abstinence , " he said . "  She said , ` Dad I 've had enough , I ca n't stand the look on your and the family 's faces anymore , ' " he said . Her boyfriend and mother told him Winehouse was "  in good spirits " and not depressed when they saw her Friday , a day before her death . "  That night , she was in her room , playing drums and singing . " "  As it was late , her security guard said to keep it quiet and she did , " Mitch Winehouse said . "  He heard her walking around for a while and when he went to check on her in the morning , he thought she was asleep . He went back a few hours later , that was when he realized she was not breathing and called for help . " The singer , beloved for her talent but infamous for erratic public behavior , arrests and drug problems , was found dead Saturday afternoon in her London apartment . Winehouse 's soulful , throaty vocals brought the British musician stardom in 2007 , but her troubled off-stage life -- chronicled in her Top 10 hit "  Rehab " -- won her notoriety . Her death came less than two months after her latest release from a rehabilitation program and weeks after she was booed offstage by disappointed fans in Belgrade , Serbia . Winehouse died at the same age as at least four other music legends . Jimi Hendrix , Janis Joplin and Jim Morrison each died of drug overdoses when they were 27 . Kurt Cobain was 27 when he committed suicide , soon after his release from rehab . Police were called to Winehouse 's Camden Square apartment just after 4 p.m. Saturday in response to a report of "  a woman found deceased , " authorities said . Her song "  Rehab , " in which she sang "  They tried to make me go to rehab , I said no , no , no , " helped form the public 's view of Winehouse . She told CNN in a 2007 interview , "  I do n't care enough about what people think of me to conform to anything . " The London-born singer was a tattooed teenage rebel after she was expelled from a prestigious performing arts school . Her first album , "  Frank , " debuted in 2003 , when the singer-songwriter was 19 . International success came with her 2007 album "  Back to Black . " She dominated the 2008 Grammys , winning five awards that night and delivering , via satellite from London , a strong performance of "  Rehab . " Winehouse 's volatile marriage to Fielder-Civil took a toll on the singer 's career . The couple divorced in 2009 after a stormy two years filled by drug addiction and arrests . Winehouse 's parents went public with their efforts to help their daughter , telling the London Telegraph in 2009 that she was on the road to recovery . "  A gradual recovery , which is good , " Winehouse 's father told the Telegraph . "  With slight backward steps -- not drug backward steps , more drink backward steps if you follow my drift . I think that will be the pattern of recovery . " The organization that awards the Grammys issued a statement Saturday calling Winehouse "  a dynamic performer and musician who seamlessly blended rock , jazz , pop , and soul and created a sound all her own . " "  Her rich , soulful and unique voice reflected her honest songwriting and earned her a devoted fan following , critical acclaim , and the genuine respect and admiration of her musical peers , " the Recording Academy statement said . "  She will forever be remembered for her immense talent , and her music will live on for generations to come . Our deepest sympathies go out to her family , friends , and fans during this difficult time . " CNN 's Bharati Naik , Denise Quan and Alan Duke contributed to this report .	NEW : Winehouse was "  in good spirits " the night before she died , her father says Record producer Mark Ronson arrives at the funeral , but her ex-husband remains in prison An autopsy "  did not establish a formal cause of death , " the coroner says The 27-year-old singer was found dead at her home Saturday
