Tehran , Iran  CNN  -- A magnitude 5.3 earthquake hit southern Iran on Saturday morning , the U.S. Geological Survey said , a day after another moderate quake in the country 's northeast left 170 people injured . There were no immediate reports of damage or injuries from Saturday 's earthquake that struck about 60 miles  95 kilometers  south of Kerman , the USGS said . Friday 's magnitude 5.6 earthquake rocked the northern agricultural city of Torbat-e Heydarieh for about 10 seconds , the Islamic Republic News Agency reported . Three villages in the city and 10 others nearby were damaged , and 170 people were injured , IRNA said . Ten people were hospitalized , IRNA said . There was concern Saturday because the Torbat-e Heydarieh quake has produced no aftershocks . Mahmoud Mozaffar , the head of the Red Crescent Society 's Rescue Division , told IRNA that could mean a larger earthquake is imminent . The Red Crescent set up 300 tents in Torbat-e Heydarieh to house those whose homes were damaged or destroyed . Iran lies on a series of seismic fault lines and experiences earthquakes almost daily . At times they have devasting consequences , most notably in December 2003 , when a 6.6-magnitude quake devastated the ancient city of Bam in southeast Iran and killed at least 30,000 people . Last year , an earthquake struck Hormozgan province in southern Iran , injuring about 700 people in the port city of Bandar Abbas , state media reported . In 2008 , a 6.1-magnitude earthquake struck in Hormozgan , demolishing nearly 200 villages and killing at least six people .	Magnitude 5.3 earthquake hits southern Iran on Saturday It follows a magnitude 5.6 earthquake Friday 170 people were injured in Friday 's quake
Manama , Bahrain  CNN  -- The outspoken head of a Bahrain human rights group said Sunday that he was handcuffed , blindfolded and beaten when authorities detained him for about two hours . Nabeel Rajab of the Bahrain Center for Human Rights said about 25 people in about a dozen cars pulled up to his house early Sunday morning and took him to the offices of the interior ministry 's investigative department . "  They said that they were looking for a suspect who was armed and thought I might know him , " Rajab said . "  They beat me , punched me , kicked me , handcuffed me . Blindfolded me . " The government confirmed Rajab was arrested but did not provide additional details . Rajab and his group have been vocal about the government 's violent crackdown on anti-regime protesters . Thousands of people have been demonstrating in Bahrain since last month , part of a wave that has spread through North Africa and the Middle East . To quell the unrest , Bahrain called in troops from members states of the Gulf Cooperation Council . Police also arrested several prominent opposition figures in armed raids and without warrants , Amnesty International said . On Saturday , U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton called on Bahrain to allow its people to demonstrate peacefully as opposition members reported the death of a fifth protester . "  We have made clear that security alone can not resolve the challenges facing Bahrain , " Clinton said . "  Violence is not and can not be the answer . A political process is . We have raised our concerns about the current measures directly with Bahraini officials and will continue to do so . " The demonstrators were killed when Bahraini security forces cleared protesters from the Pearl Roundabout in the capital , Manama , on Tuesday . The roundabout had been a rallying site for anti-government demonstrators since the unrest began . On Friday , the government demolished the landmark monument at the center of the traffic circle . Kuwait on Sunday dispatched a medical aid team to Bahrain , the nation 's state Kuna news agency reported . CNN 's Victoria Brown contributed to this report	NEW : Report : Kuwaiti medical aid team sent to Bahrain Nabeel Rajab says about 25 people pulled up to his house His group has been vocal about the government crackdown on demonstrators Thousands have been demonstrating against the government
CNN  -- Venezuelan Pastor Maldonaldo was fastest in a rain hit second practice session at the German grand prix . In Friday 's dryer first session , McLaren 's Jenson Button led teammate Lewis Hamilton at the top of the time sheets . Seven-time champion Michael Schumacher had a day to forget at Hockenheim , crashing his Mercedes into a wall in the final few minutes of the second session . The German driver , known for his ability to handle wet track conditions , had been going well at his home race . "  The way I ended the second session was obviously not part of the plan , " Schumacher told the official website . "  I simply slid off track because I lost a little concentration , we were talking on the radio and I was altering some settings at the same time . "  Overall the session went ok . I think that qualifying will probably be wet tomorrow , so today 's weather was useful in that respect . " The Mercedes team suffered a miserable end to the day as it was confirmed that Schumacher 's teammate Nico Rosberg will start five places back from his qualifying position as punishment for replacing his gearbox . Defending World Champion Sebastien Vettel enjoyed a much improved second session . The German moved from twelfth in the morning to third in the afternoon . "  We just got used to the conditions , as there may be rain tomorrow and also on Sunday . The forecast is n't looking great , " he told the Formula 1 website . Vettel 's Red Bull teammate Mark Webber described the conditions as "  unreal " , as he endured a mixed day . "  We did n't expect the rain to be this bad today , but it was quite heavy at times - we even used the extreme full wet tire , " the Australian , who won the previous grand prix at Silverstone , told the official website . "  That 's two races in a row now with tricky conditions . " Current championship leader Fernando Alonso was happy with the way his car handled the conditions . The Ferrari driver , who has won two races this season declared himself "  pleased with how things went . " "  The car behaved well in all conditions , which is always a good thing and we were also able to see how the various types of tire worked . " McLaren unveiled a number of upgrades to their car as they attempt to rescue a disappointing season . Former world champions Button and Hamilton rewarded their team 's efforts with a good first practice session . "  The men and women back at the factory did an incredible job to get all the upgrades to the track this weekend . It 's definitely a step forward , " Hamilton told the official website . "  The car does n't feel bad at all . It 's tough in the wet out there , like driving around on an ice rink , but I feel positive that we can do something good this weekend . " Button echoed Hamilton 's comments , as he declared to the official website that the team can be happy with the new parts , "  most of them worked correctly - so it 's nice to see the improvement . I want to say a big ` well done ' to the guys at the factory . " The weather forecast suggests the track will be damp for qualifying tomorrow , with similar conditions likely for the race on Sunday .	Maldonado and Button fastest in two practice sessions Mercedes driver Schumacher struggles on wet track and crashes into wall Australian Mark Webber describes conditions as "  unreal " Championship leader Fernando Alonso "  pleased " with the day
CNN  -- A top U.S. congressman expressed concern about the "  stability " of North Korean leader Kim Jong Un after months of provocative statements and behavior from the nuclear-armed communist state . "  You have a 28-year-old leader who is trying to prove himself to the military , and the military is eager to have a saber-rattling for their own self-interest , " said Rep. Mike Rogers , the chairman of the House Intelligence Committee . "  And the combination of that is proving to be very , very deadly . " North Korea launched a satellite into orbit atop a long-range rocket in December , conducted its third nuclear weapons test in February and announced earlier this month that it was abandoning the 1953 armistice that ended the Korean War . On Saturday , it announced that it would not negotiate with the United States over its nuclear program , challenging arguments that its weapons program was a bargaining chip that might be traded away for economic benefits . Rogers , R-Michigan , told CNN 's State of the Union that North Korea "  certainly " has the missile capability to strike the United States . Analysts say North Korea is years away from being able to accurately deliver a nuclear weapon atop a long-range missile . But Rogers said the fact that the North is willing to openly threaten the United States with a nuclear attack "  is problem enough . " "  This is very , very concerning , as we just do n't know the stability of their leader -- again , 28 years old , " Rogers said . "  We 're just not confident that we know he would n't take those steps . " Pyongyang disregarded numerous warnings to conduct February 's test and threatened afterward that it was prepared to launch a pre-emptive nuclear strike to defend itself . The U.N. Security Council stiffened sanctions on the North after the test , with its leading ally , China , making the vote unanimous . The North has also renewed its threats toward South Korea , warning of "  strong physical countermeasures " after the sanctions vote . Kim is the grandson of Kim Il Sung , the founder of the North Korean state . He rose to power in December 2011 , after the death of his father , Kim Jong Il . Victor Cha , a longtime North Korea analyst at the Center for Strategic and International Studies in Washington , said the North 's recent actions have fueled debate about whether Kim "  really is fully in charge , or whether the military is in charge . " "  The three top military generals that were with him when his father died are all gone now , and we do n't know what happened to them , " Cha said on CNN 's Fareed Zakaria GPS . "  That could be a sign of him taking control , but it could also be a sign of some real churn inside the system where some people do n't like the fact that a 28-year-old is now running the country . " And Donald Gregg , a former adviser to then-Vice President George H.W. Bush and former U.S. ambassador to South Korea , said North Korean contacts he has met recently told him "  that they have given up on their diplomats , and the military is now in control . " "  What they want is to talk about moving from the now-disbanded armistice agreement to the creation of a peace treaty , " Gregg told GPS . "  That 's what they want to talk about , and anyone who is willing to talk about that , they will listen to . Anyone who wants to talk about what they call the old way , which was give up your nuclear weapons and then we 'll talk , is going to get nowhere . " Gregg recommended engaging the North Koreans in new talks . But Cha , a former National Security Council official in the second George W. Bush administration , said that ca n't be done so soon after their nuclear and missile tests , and he predicted "  a very difficult period for the next couple of months or so . " "  They do n't want to give up their nuclear weapons . They want to be able to have their cake and eat it , too , " he said . "  U.S. policy for the past quarter century or so has been , ` These things are all on the table if you 're willing to give up your nuclear weapons . ' This is the problem . This is the dilemma right now . "	"  We just do n't know the stability of their leader , " Rep. Mike Rogers says Rogers is chairman of the House Intelligence Committee Analysts debate whether Kim or the North Korean military is really in charge
CNN  -- As a young boy , I loved watching the Atlanta Braves . I can recall countless historic moments over the course of their 47-year history in the city . It was in Atlanta that the Braves won an unprecedented 14 division championships from 1991 to 2005 . It was in Atlanta that Hall of Famer Hank Aaron hit his record-breaking home run in 1974 . It was in Atlanta that the Braves won a World Series championship in 1995 . There is no doubt that the Braves belong to Atlanta . For 18 months , my administration has been involved in good-faith discussions to keep the Braves in downtown Atlanta as their lease at Turner Field nears expiration . On Monday , the Atlanta Braves organization announced its intention to relocate to Cobb County -- in a new stadium . Our partners in Cobb County will provide $ 450 million in public funding to build the new $ 672 million stadium , we 're told . We are simply unwilling to match that with taxpayer dollars . On my inauguration into office in January 2010 , I made a promise to strengthen our city 's finances and tackle our looming $ 922 million infrastructure backlog . Over the last four years , we have balanced four consecutive budgets without property tax increases , built our cash reserves to more than $ 125 million and improved our bond ratings across the spectrum in every fund . Price too steep to keep Braves in city limits Over the next four years , I am committed to making $ 200 million to $ 250 million in infrastructure investments in our neighborhoods . Professional sports teams and stadiums drive economic development and investment in their communities , but taxpayer dollars need to be spent responsibly . My decision not to invest $ 150 million to $ 250 million for renovations to Turner Field or interfere with a transaction when the Atlanta Braves are moving 12 miles away means that Atlanta is going to be stronger financially and not choked by debt . This decision also means critical investments in our city 's infrastructure -- on bridges , green spaces , roads and traffic lights . For many years , the Falcons and the Braves have been fixtures in our city 's downtown . There will be a new stadium for the Atlanta Falcons -- but there are meaningful differences between our efforts to keep the Falcons in the city and the Braves ' decision to relocate to Cobb County . The agreement to keep the Falcons involved an existing revenue stream from a hotel-motel tax paid largely by the 42 million guests who visit our city every year -- lessening the burden to taxpayers . The hotel-motel tax , which would be extended only to fund and maintain the Falcons stadium , also generates significant direct revenue to the city 's general fund . In the case of the Braves , no identifiable revenue stream exists that would allow us to pay for a commitment of $ 450 million or even $ 250 million responsibly . The Falcons stadium is expected to cost $ 1 billion , and that kind of transaction is tough . But we negotiated a favorable agreement for the city with 80 % private funding and 20 % public funding for the new facility . So we wish the Braves well knowing the city of Atlanta has much to be proud of . Over the last four years , business relocations have included the Coca-Cola Co. 's decision to move 2,000 jobs back into the city , Porsche Cars North America moving its North American headquarters into the city , and Pulte Homes relocating its corporate headquarters to Atlanta from Michigan . The city of Atlanta is vibrant and thriving , and we 're just getting started . When the Braves leave the city of Atlanta in 2017 , Turner Field will be demolished . Over the next three years , we will be working with our prospective partners to bring residential and business development that is worthy of our city and strengthens our downtown . The Braves will remain in the Atlanta metropolitan region , and I look forward to going to the opening day game in 2017 . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Kasim Reed .	Atlanta was hoping to keep the Braves downtown as Turner Field lease nears expiration Kasim Reed : But Cobb County made an offer Braves could n't refuse Reed : Turner Field needs up to $ 250 million in repairs ; money could go to city infrastructure Reed : Atlanta is backing a new Falcons stadium , but it 's getting funded largely by hotel tax
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Alternative treatments are as varied as the regions of the world they come from . And while they attract skepticism from some Western medical practitioners , they are an undeniable part of global health . Shark cartilage is a popular dish in Japan where it is regarded as having health benefits . In parts of Asia and Africa , 80 percent of the population depend on these treatments as their primary form of healthcare . Shark fin has long been used in traditional Asian medicine . Shark fin soup is regarded as a tonic that promotes general well-being , and shark fin has even been claimed to have anti-cancer properties . Shark fins are mainly composed of cartilage , a type of connective tissue found in the skeletal systems of many animals . In Japan , they are sold by herbalists as a powder , in tablet form or as whole fins . While shark fin has been used for centuries in Asia , in recent years it has become more popular in the West . A book called "  Sharks Do n't Get Cancer , " published in 1992 , popularized the idea of shark fin as an alternative cancer treatment in the West , and powdered shark fin is now sold as dietary supplement . But scientific evidence does n't support the idea . A 2000 report by researchers at George Washington University Medical Center in Washington D.C. said more than 40 tumors had been documented in sharks , skates and rays . Clinical studies on cancer patients , including a 1998 study by the Independent Cancer Treatment Research Foundation in Illinois , have n't shown cartilage powders to have any anti-cancer benefits . Cancer Research UK , an independent cancer-research organization , states "  We do n't recommend alternative therapies such as shark cartilage , as there is no scientific or medical evidence to back up the claims made for these ` treatments ' . " The use of shark fins has also been criticized by environmentalists who say the practice is threatening shark populations . In addition , environmental groups say that fins are often cut off live sharks at sea , with the bodies thrown back in the sea to drown , a controversial practiced know as "  finning . " The ancient art of herbal healing also remains highly popular in Africa . In South Africa , the name given to the practice is muti . In Johannesburg 's Faraday market muti practitioners sell wares that are popular with locals and tourists alike . Illnesses are diagnosed by "  sangomas , " who employ techniques including communicating with the spirits of ancestors . "  Sangomas " then refer their patients to "  inyangas , " who supply muti treatments . "  Inyangas " make use of South Africa 's diverse flora and fauna , selling treatments made from herbs and animal parts . Roots , bark and leaves are all used to prepare infusions that are said to cure ailments ranging from headaches to skin rashes . Other muti medicines deal with psychological conditions , curing nightmares , bringing good luck and warding off evil spells . Acupuncture is one of the most widespread of all traditional treatments . An ancient Chinese healing technique thought to date back at least 2,000 years , acupuncture is now widely practiced alongside modern medicine in the East and West alike . Traditional acupuncture works on the idea that energy , known as "  qi , " flows along pathways in the body , called meridians . According to acupuncture theory , if these meridians become blocked , "  qi " can not flow freely and illness can result . Diagnosis of ailments is carried out by , among other things , feeling a patient 's pulse and inspecting their tongue . Marian Rose of the British Acupuncture Council told CNN that an important part of the diagnosis process involves asking patients a range of questions about their well-being , including their digestion , sleep patterns , and health history . Treatment involves inserting fine acupuncture needles at critical points in the body in order to stimulate the flow of "  qi , " described by Rose as "  the body 's motivating energy . " Traditionally , acupuncture can be used to treat headaches , chronic pain , asthma , depression , addiction , and problems with the digestive system . Acupuncture has been the subject of extensive research and in the West the practice has been studied in terms of modern medical knowledge . Dr Mike Cummings is the medical director of the British Medical Acupuncture Association , which promotes Western medical acupuncture . He told CNN that research has shown acupuncture to be effective at treating pain in particular . Cummings says that it is believed that when an acupuncture needle is inserted into a muscle , it stimulates nerves . That affects the spinal gate , where sensory input is modulated , reducing activity in pain pathways . Whether backed by medical science or simply by years of use , traditional treatments remain popular and as more research is carried out , some may even come to complement modern medicine .	Even in the era of modern medicine , traditional treatments are still widespread In Japan , shark fin is sold by herbalists , and is believed to promote well-being Muti practitioners sell their wares in Johannesburg 's Faraday market Acupuncture has spread all over the world from its roots in ancient China
Few people would consider those with loved ones on AirAsia Flight QZ8501 lucky , but Sarah Bajc has a particular perspective . "  I 'm almost a little jealous in a way because , you know , at least they have this ability to put some closure to it , " she told CNN 's "  New Day " on Tuesday , after the wreckage of the AirAsia flight was found . Her partner , Philip Woods , was on board Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 , which disappeared without a trace almost 10 months ago . "  We 're still in limbo . There 's still no evidence as to what happened to the plane , " she said , struggling to hold back tears . Earlier , before the discovery of the AirAsia flight , Bajc described feeling an incredible ache . She said : "  It 's a physical pain through your whole body . And just imagining what all those families are feeling as well , I can imagine it . Unfortunately , I know exactly what they 're going through . " So does Danica Weeks , whose husband was on MH370 . The plane disappeared from radar screens on a flight between Malaysia and China on March 8 . On Sunday , AirAsia Flight QZ8501 went missing over the Java Sea on its way from the Indonesian city of Surabaya to Singapore , with 162 people on board . Debris was recovered Tuesday in the waters off Indonesia . "  The last few days has been torment . It 's brought everything back . We 're just reliving what we 've gone through , " Weeks said . "  It 's a horrible nightmare . " A network of support Bajc said families of MH370 victims have banded together as they wake up each day without their loved ones . And it 's vital that relatives of AirAsia 8501 reach out for support , Weeks said . "  You just have to call on your close friends and family , " she said . "  You need to lean on them because they are basically the only way you get through this . " "  Nine months , none of us are as strong as we used to be . " Help center closed In the weeks following MH370 's disappearance , the grand ballroom at Beijing 's Lido Hotel turned into the briefing room for relatives of those on board the flight . Every day , the families came in hoping for a miracle . And every day , they left dejected . On Tuesday , the ballroom was dark and empty . The family assistance center was closed . Many families feel they 've been forgotten . MH370 search carries on But the search for MH370 goes on . Crews are still scouring the southern Indian Ocean with a variety of high-tech equipment . But no wreckage has been found . At the Malaysian government 's request , Australia is leading the search efforts . The Australian Transport Safety Bureau said last week that the mapping of the sea floor continues , and a vessel is still searching underwater for the plane . "  Our work will continue to be thorough and methodical , so sometimes weekly progress may seem slow , " the ATSB said . "  Please be assured that work is continuing and is aimed at finding MH370 as quickly as possible . " But families of those passengers and crew may have to wait even longer . "  Assuming no significant delays with vessels , equipment or from the weather , the current underwater search area may be largely completed around May 2015 , " the ATSB said . Weeks has no choice but to wait . "  We will never find peace until we do what 's right by our loved ones , and that 's bring them home to us . "	The partner of a man on board MH370 describes a feeling of limbo "  Nine months , none of us are as strong as we used to be , " the wife of another MH370 passenger says She says it 's vital for AirAsia 8501 relatives to lean on friends and family for support Search for MH370 continues in Indian Ocean , but could be months before anything found
CNN  -- Summer . Heat and humidity are up . School 's out or soon will be for most families . Maybe you 're looking for a bit of a mental escape , so where better to find it than in a book ? Readers are in luck , with a slew of hot new titles hitting shelves . Whether you 're headed for the beach or the Barcalounger , we 've found five titles worth your consideration . So grab a cool drink , find some shade and dive in . ` The Son ' by Philipp Meyer Ambitious readers who take their prose seriously should grab a copy of "  The Son , " a stunning work of historical fiction by Philipp Meyer . Scores of critics are gushing over the book calling it epic , one of the best of the year , even an American classic . Meyer certainly aims high , with his multigenerational tale of a formidable Texas family . The saga begins in the early 1800s and spans most of the 19th and 20th century , jumping back and forth in time and between several points of view among members of the McCullough clan . There 's Eli , captured as a teenager in a brutal Indian attack and raised by a tribe of Comanches ; Eli 's son , Peter , a rancher caught between the Mexican-American and white settlers who struggle for control of the land ; and Jeannie , Eli 's great-granddaughter , an oil tycoon and matriarch for the modern era . While the novel is rich in detail in the history of Texas , this is a story of courage , conviction and perseverance that would feel at home almost anywhere in the West . Meyer 's writing echoes some iconic Western wordsmiths . "  The Son " is at times violent and dark , like Cormac McCarthy , vividly character driven like Larry McMurtry and panoramic in its scope , like James Michener , appropriate considering Meyer was a Michener fellow at the University of Texas . Read the first chapter of "  The Son " ' A Serpent 's Tooth ' by Craig Johnson No less authentic is Craig Johnson 's hero in a ten-gallon hat , Walt Longmire . The sheriff of the fictional Absaroka County , Wyoming , returns in his ninth mystery , "  A Serpent 's Tooth . " Since its inception , the best-selling series has continued to grow globally in popularity and is now a hit on cable TV , just beginning its second season . In this latest adventure in print , Walt 's search for a missing girl leads him to a Mormon "  lost boy , " a family of heavily armed polygamists and a CIA plot involving an interstate oil pipeline only a stone 's throw from the original Teapot Dome . While the plot sounds a bit convoluted , Johnson 's writing is not . The story moves at a brisk pace , with room for some good-natured humor and plenty of gorgeous Wyoming scenery . But the real stars of the series are Walt and his supporting cast , his second-in-command , Deputy Victoria Moretti , with whom he shares a budding romance , and of course , his best friend and sometimes conscience , Henry Standing Bear . For fans of the series , these three are like old friends whom you look forward to spending time with . Inevitably , once the story is finished , readers will find themselves already looking forward to Walt 's next visit . Read more about "  A Serpent 's Tooth " on the author 's website and read an excerpt from the book ` The Shining Girls ' by Lauren Beukes The summer 's most buzzed-about book may be Lauren Beukes ' "  The Shining Girls , " a high-concept thriller borrowing elements from several genres , including mystery , sci-fi and horror . Lucky readers who got their hands on the novel early describe it as "  The Time Traveler 's Wife " meets "  The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo , " but there 's more depth to this imaginative story . Here 's the setup : In Depression-era Chicago , a serial killer finds a mysterious house that opens doors to other times . The killer uses this house of horrors to hunt his victims , all promising young women , across different decades until one victim survives . She then turns the tables , and the victim hunts the hunter . It 's a creepy concept , and Beukes makes the far-fetched seem plausible thanks to her exceptional writing . Critics , booksellers and some well-known novelists are singing the novel 's praises . It 's also captured Hollywood 's attention . Leonardo DiCaprio and the producers behind Netflix hit "  House of Cards " just optioned the book , with plans to bring it to TV . It 's easy to understand why , because once you start reading , you will be hard-pressed to put down "  The Shining Girls . " Read an excerpt from "  The Shining Girls " ` Joyland ' by Stephen King Stephen King , quite possibly the world 's best-selling writer , reteams with pulp fiction publisher Hard Case Crime for his new paperback thriller , "  Joyland . " But do n't be thrown by the tawdry cover featuring a buxom redhead ; this is classic King . It 's a murder mystery with a ghostly twist . In 1973 small-town North Carolina , Devin Jones is a heartbroken college student who takes a summer job working at the local amusement park . King has loaded the story with lots of "  carny " language , much of it authentic , some of it invented . For instance , did you know a shooting gallery is called a "  bang shy " in carnival speak ? When he 's not running the Carolina spin ride or pushing a popcorn wagon , Devin is intrigued by a local legend . Turns out Joyland 's haunted house is truly haunted by the ghost of a young woman , murdered on the ride years before . With the help of a few fellow carny friends , Devin sets out to find the killer . Along the way , he meets a little boy suffering from a terminal illness , who may be able to help him with the more otherworldly aspects of this mystery . While the story is at times dark and intense , there 's less of King 's trademark horror and more of the wistful nostalgia and emotion that will remind fans of "  Stand by Me " and "  The Green Mile , " especially for its bittersweet and moving conclusion . Read an excerpt from "  Joyland " ` The Ocean at the End of the Lane ' by Neil Gaiman We turn from mystery to myth in Neil Gaiman 's "  The Ocean at the End of the Lane . " The book hits stores June 18 , and the author 's scores of fans are champing at the bit . The prolific British writer has penned award-winning children 's stories , such as "  The Graveyard Book , " films including the animated "  Coraline , " the hugely popular "  Sandman " graphic novels and even a recent episode of "  Doctor Who , " but Gaiman has n't written a true novel for adults since 2005 . The book can be read easily in an afternoon , and it 's well worth the wait . An unnamed narrator visits his childhood home in Sussex , England , to attend a funeral when he 's drawn into a forgotten memory of his youth . Hazy details start to take shape , a farmhouse at the end of the lane , a duck pond , an odd little girl who was once a friend , her mother and grandmother , all three who may be more than they reveal . While exploring the countryside , the two young friends encounter something dark and menacing that follows them home , and a life and death battle begins . The story could be called something of a distant cousin to Harry Potter , but Gaiman 's novel is more about myth than magic . His narrator says at one point , "  I liked myths . They were n't adult stories and they were n't children 's stories . They were better than that . They just were . " While that succinctly sums up the book , even more so , this is a rich story beautifully told about memory , innocence and a longing for the way things were when we were younger . See Gaiman read an excerpt from "  The Ocean at the End of the Lane "	This summer offers readers epic tales and afternoon page turners Some critics have hailed "  The Son " by Philipp Meyer as an American classic Celebrity writers Stephen King and Neil Gaiman have new books out in June
CNN  -- A 22-year-old man wanted in the shooting deaths of 9-year-old Alabama twins and their elderly babysitter was arrested Saturday morning , authorities said . Deandra Marquis Lee was captured around 11 a.m. in Selma , the Alabama Bureau of Investigation announced . Prior to his arrest , authorities converged on an apartment complex near the Vaughan Regional Medical Center and evacuated residents from his building . Efforts to "  initiate communication " with people inside the apartment were unsuccessful , the state investigative bureau said in a news release . Authorities then "  made entry into the apartment  and  immediately took Lee into custody . " He is charged with three counts of murder in the deaths of the twins and their 73-year-old caregiver , Jack Mac Girdner . The bodies of Girdner and the twins , Jordan and Taylor Dejerinett , were found Tuesday afternoon on a dirt road near Hayneville , southwest of Montgomery , state investigators said . The children and Girdner , according to the bureau investigators , were last seen Sunday when the twins ' mother left them in the care of the babysitter . When the twins ' mother returned later that night to pick them up from the suburban Montgomery home of the babysitter , the children and Girdner were missing , investigators said , along with Girdner 's car , a 1988 Mercedes-Benz . Authorities did not release a possible motive in the killings , though they confirmed the three victims were shot . State investigators also did not say what evidence connected Lee to the case . Girdner 's car was found -- with its doors removed -- Thursday in Minter , they said . Lee , according to state investigators , has a history of trouble with the law . In 2011 , he was acquitted of murder in a 2008 shooting that prosecutors say was gang related . Before Sunday , Lee was out on bond following January 2012 charges in Dallas County that he assaulted a police officer and was in possession of gun with an altered ID number , state investigators said . According to court records , Lee was also arrested on a third-degree robbery charge and released on $ 10,000 bond in Lowndes County in February 2012 for allegedly stealing a Honda Accord in 2011 .	NEW : Authorities evacuated a Selma apartment building before detaining Lee NEW : He is charged with three counts of murder Police say the bodies of the twins and their babysitter were found on a dirt road The car belonging to babysitter , Jack Mac Girdner , 73 , was found Thursday
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Given its long history of warfare , the United Kingdom is not squeamish about fatalities in time of war and yet a debate has been ignited by the deaths of 15 British soldiers in Afghanistan over the last few weeks . The question now is whether this profound soul-searching results in a more efficient policy towards the war-torn country . Soldiers from the Welsh Guards carry the coffin of Maj Sean Birchall , killed on patrol in Afghanistan in June . The West became involved in fighting in Afghanistan principally because the Taliban government allowed a non-state actor to carry out acts of terrorism unhindered from within its borders . Following the September 11 , 2001 attacks on the United States and the Taliban 's subsequent refusal to extradite members of al Qaeda , the United States allied itself to the Northern Alliance and moved to bring down the Taliban . Following this , the UK and other NATO member states stepped forward to help rebuild the country under a United Nations mandate . While critics of the war have claimed that al Qaeda and the Taliban are separate entities , the links between the two organizations were quite strong ; both share a strict interpretation of Islam and a deep antipathy for the West and modernism more generally . And this affinity has not been played out in the ideological sphere alone : before 9/11 , an elite al Qaeda formation called the 055 Brigade fought alongside the Taliban in northern Afghanistan and provided training and strategic support . This military co-operation is likely to continue today . The level of interconnection is best exemplified by the fact that Osama Bin Laden 's son was married to Mullah Omar 's daughter in the sort of political match which is meant to forge a blood kinship between the two . The main difference between the two seems to be in the scope of their objectives : while the Taliban is content with imposing its religious beliefs system on Afghanistan , al Qaeda has a global agenda of building a new Caliphate . Gordon Brown 's statement in 2007 that two-thirds of all terrorist attacks originate in the region reveals not only the severity of the threat but also the fact that many of these plots are hatched over the border in Pakistan . And yet sending British troops across the border is not an option . The Pakistani military has been engaged in a low-level war in the border regions with elements of the Taliban since 2001 , when they streamed into the country , chased by U.S. and Northern Alliance forces . These elements have successfully taken over the region by emphasizing their Pashtun kinship , the predominant ethnic group in the area , and by killing or intimidating pro-Pakistani government tribal elders . They have been able to negotiate one false cease-fire after another with the Pakistani security forces , while at the same time regrouping and repairing their losses . Despite the grave threat at its doorstep , Islamabad is unable to invite foreign troops across its border as that would be to admit that it can not protect itself and would induce severe public censure from its own population . The military campaign in Helmand has a chance to succeed , but will require luck , energy and increased co-ordination of efforts by International Security Assistance Force  ISAF  forces . The shift from chasing insurgents to protecting the population offers the potential to gain the allegiance of the local population , but results are unlikely to show themselves for at least six months . If the military part of the campaign is to succeed , there must be positive results in diplomacy , development and security sector reform . The first will be necessary to bring regional actors like Iran , Pakistan , and India to the table , and to buy over local Taliban commanders and their fighters . In development terms , northern Afghanistan is already showing some results , but there is much more to be done in the south where the fighting is the most severe . One key area of development work that can be improved is the removal of the Western cultural bias from the efforts . Taliban fighters and local resistors are known to be galvanized by development efforts that stress Western values , such as gender and human rights . Development efforts should instead focus on cultural-neutral projects such as building a civil service , developing agriculture , building lanes of communication like bridges , roads , and train lines . Local and national markets should be developed , for nothing breeds peace like prosperity . We should not be imposing our vision of how society should be , but rather building an Afghan state that can survive and thrive in the cultural context in which it sits . Furthermore , development efforts should be reformed with government agencies taking more of the brunt of the work than private contractors . One of the biggest military obstacles is fighting an insurgency with insufficient forces and equipment . While U.S. President Barack Obama 's surge is intended to correct this , the numbers of troops in Afghanistan are very low compared to those in Iraq . A further obstacle is putting an Afghan face to the fighting . Afghanistan is essentially engaged in a civil war , and while the West must assist and support the current government , it must also build that same government 's capacity to defend itself . Indeed , in a country where foreign troops have been a liability , the sooner the Afghan government in Kabul is able to do this , the more credibility it will have in the eyes of its own people . While the specter of defeat always looms in public debate , victory remains within grasp . Certainly , throwing in the towel would have grave consequences for both the region and for the West more generally . The first result would be the rejuvenation and galvanization of al Qaeda and other similar fundamentalist groups around the world . While victory is possible , it must be carefully defined . Already , signs of success are evident in other parts of the country that detract from the gloomy view that we regularly receive from our newspapers and television . According to a UK Department for International Development report released in April , the number of Afghan children in school has increased from one million in 2002 to six million in 2008 . Healthcare is now available to more than 82 per cent of the population , and 40,000 more children will live beyond their first birthday than in 2002 . A sudden withdrawal by the West would send the wrong message to both friends and enemies alike in the region and would result in the probable collapse of the infant Kabul government . Furthermore , given that UK losses  to take one example  have been lower than those experienced in the Northern Ireland and the Falklands campaigns , withdrawal would question the UK ability to stomach losses defending itself and its allies . It would appear to be a long uphill struggle , but the alternatives indicate that this struggle is a necessary one . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of John Hemmings and the Royal United Services Institute for Defence and Security Studies .	Debate in UK sparked by recent deaths of 15 British soldiers in Afghanistan Al Qaeda and Taliban are separate entities but have strong links Major military obstacle is fighting insurgency with insufficient forces , equipment UK government under pressure at home to revise policy on Afghanistan
CNN  -- Fourteen times in nine years , Sgt. 1st Class Kristoffer Domeij had left his family behind and headed out on deployment as an Army Ranger , taking part in hundreds of combat missions in Iraq and Afghanistan , all before his 30th birthday . His most recent tour turned out to be his last . The veteran soldier 's death rattled his commanders , as well as those in his native San Diego . His former football coach , Jeff Carpenter , remembered Domeij as diligent , funny , passionate and team-oriented . "  I told my classes that I was incredibly sad to begin with and incredibly angry , " said Carpenter , who besides being an assistant coach the past 18 years is also a social sciences teacher at Rancho Bernardo High School . "  Just the fact that it happened to someone like him -- it 's hard . " Domeij , 1st Lt. Ashley White and Pvt. 1st Class Christopher Horns all died Saturday in Kandahar province when an improvised explosive device blew up near their assault force , according to a U.S. Army Special Operations Command news release . The trio 's death is far from unprecedented : According to CNN 's count , based on U.S. military reports , there have been 1,811 U.S. troops killed during Operation Enduring Freedom , the U.S.-led mission in Afghanistan that began in October 2001 . Each person , each death , is unique . In Domeij 's case , that translates to a man whom his unit commander described as "  irreplaceable " -- on the battlefield and in life . "  He was one of those men who known by all as much for his humor , enthusiasm and loyal friendship as he was for his unparalleled skill and bravery under fire , " said Lt. Col. David Hodne , head of the 75th Ranger Regiment 's 2nd battalion . "  This was a Ranger you wanted at your side when the chips were down . " Domeij distinguished himself as a person as much as he did as a player while in high school , his former coach recalled . "  He was just a great kid , " Carpenter said , describing his great sense of humor and engaging personality . "  And we knew , as coaches , that no matter what , this was a kid who was going to play hard and  all  out . " Carpenter said he was n't surprised when Domeij told him he was going to enlist . "  It made all the sense in the world , " the coach said , given Domeij 's proven dedication to and ability to thrive as a member of a team . So Domeij joined the Army in July , a few months after graduating high school and not long before the September 11 terrorist attacks . Nine months later , he became part of the Ranger regiment . Domeij was based at that unit 's headquarters at Joint Base Lewis-McChord in Washington state , where his role was as a joint terminal attack controller . The person in this position often advances into harm 's way , directing allied combat aircraft on where and when to strike . His regiment 's commander , Col. Mark Odom , called Domeij "  technically and tactically competent " as well as critically important . "  His ability to employ fire support platforms made him a game-changer on the battlefield -- an operator who , in real terms , had the value of an entire strike force on the battlefield , " Odom said in the news release . The military culture is very much ingrained in the Southern California culture in which Domeij grew up . Much of the Pacific fleet is based there at U.S. Naval Base San Diego . A large Marine base at Camp Pendleton is about 30 miles northwest of Rancho Bernardo High , with the famed Marine Corps Air Station Miramar about 11 miles south . The parents of many of that high school 's students -- whose enrollment was about 3,000 when Domeij attended -- are in the military , Carpenter notes . Yet while multiple students enlist each year , Domeij 's death is the first his coach can recall since Rancho Bernardo opened in 1990 . Carpenter said he 'd kept in touch with his former player since graduation , knowing full well that was in Special Operations and in harm 's way . But he said neither he nor were others in the community was prepared for the news . "  This was really hard , " Carpenter said . "  I do n't know if we knew how to deal with it . " The thousands of veterans who live in the area know the dangers and trauma of war all too well . That 's one reason why they have made it a priority to look out for those now serving overseas , Frank Csaszar said Friday from VFW Post 3788 in San Diego . "  The returning troops coming back home the current wars , we give them a group hug , " said Csaszar , an Army veteran who served during the Vietnam War . "  We 're right there , and we support them . " In Domeij 's case , such support now will be extended to his surviving family . He leaves behind his wife , Sarah , and daughters Mikajasa and Aaliyah , both of whom now live in Lacey , Washington . He is also survived by his mother , Scoti Domeij of Colorado Springs , Colorado , and his brother , Kyle Domeij of San Diego . According to Carpenter , Domeij never relished the spotlight and probably would not want it now , upon his death . But as with other troops who have died in combat , Carpenter said , the recognition is well-deserved . "  Some of this attention would probably bother  Domeij  , because he felt he was a guy doing his job , which he believed in , " the coach said . "  But these guys are heroes . "	NEW : Coach says Kristoffer Domeij 's death has been hard on community Domeij was one of 3 killed days ago while on a mission in Kandahar province He joined the Army in 2001 and became a Ranger the next year His unit commander calls him "  irreplacable " in combat and in life
CNN  -- State officials said Monday that they suspect a drug reaction or toxins killed 21 horses as they were prepared to compete in a Sunday polo match in Wellington , Florida . Blue tarps obstruct the view of horses that died at the International Polo Club Palm Beach in Florida . State officials and local law enforcement also announced Monday that they are launching investigations into the deaths as scientists work to pinpoint what exactly killed the horses . Officials believe that the "  very rapid onset of sickness and death " points to toxins or a drug reaction and also allows them to rule out other possibilities . "  At this time , there is no evidence that these horses were affected with an infectious or contagious disease , as there are no other horses affected at this time , " according to Florida Agriculture and Consumer Services spokesman Terence McElroy . Officials are continuing to conduct tests , and Florida agriculture scientists are performing necropsies on the animals . "  We 'll be testing blood and tissue to see what the common denominator was here : Was it something injected ? Was it bad water ? And so forth , " McElroy said . John Walsh , the Lechuza Caracas polo club president , said he was told that there was no contagious virus airborne or disease and that the incident was an "  isolated " one . Watch Walsh talk about the devastating deaths " "  This was a mistake of a combination of something , and whether the mistake was at the barn , whether the mistake was at the feed company , whether the mistake was at the vitamin company , " Scott Swerdlin of the Palm Beach Equine Clinic , who treated some of the horses , told CNN affiliate WPTV . "  We do n't know , but we 're going to find out . " James Belden , a veterinarian at the Left Bank Equine Clinic who also treated some of the horses , told WPTV that he and others do n't suspect foul play . "  I think this is an accident , " he told WPTV . "  A terrible accident . " McElroy said that despite the early indications , he does not want to jump to conclusions about what happened . "  Obviously , this is a tragic situation , and we are working hard to determine what happened , " he said . "  But it would be irresponsible to speculate on what may have killed the horses . We will wait until the facts are in before making any specific comments on the case . " Officials in the state Agriculture and Consumer Services Department will investigate the case with the help of the department 's Division of Animal Industry , the department 's Office of Agricultural Law Enforcement and other law enforcement agencies . The horses were part of the Venezuela-based Lechuza Caracas team and were being kept at the team 's trailers on the grounds of the International Polo Club Palm Beach . Fifteen horses that seemed disoriented died before Sunday 's match , said McElroy , and their bodies were sent to the state-run Kissimmee Diagnostic Laboratories near Orlando , Florida . Luis Escobar , a player on the opposing Team Blackwatch , was on the grounds when the horses began to fall ill . "  I thought it was something temporary , and I saw a veterinarian and thought maybe it was one or two horses , and the vet was going to give something to help them out , and it was going to be done , " he said . "  But it was n't . " Two horses initially collapsed , and as veterinarians and team officials scrambled to revive them , five others became dizzy , Tim O'Connor , spokesman for the polo club , said Sunday . Watch as vets search for clues " Escobar said soon things got worse , and other horses started to get sick . Peter Rizzo , executive director of the United States Polo Association , was at the match and saw the horses drop . "  It was surreal , " he said , calling the deaths "  unprecedented . " "  It is a horrible tragedy , " he said . Some of the 15 horses died immediately , but some lingered for about 45 minutes , Swerdlin said Sunday , according to a report in the Sun-Sentinel newspaper . The clinic is the International Polo Club 's consulting veterinarian group , the newspaper said . Six of the 21 horses were kept overnight in the same trailer in Wellington , said McElroy , and died sometime between Sunday and Monday . Their bodies have not been taken to the Kissimmee lab . Escobar said he 's never seen anything like the scenario that unfolded Sunday night . He says the players and trainers do "  everything possible " to keep the horses in optimum condition , saying "  they are babied every single day , all day long . " The U.S. Polo Association , the sport 's governing body , is opening their own investigation . Celeste Kunz , chief examining veterinarian at the New York Racing Association and a 19-year veterinarian , said Monday that she suspected a tainted substance was injected into the horses . " -LSB- It was -RSB- something that was administered for it to work in a short amount of time and have an animal succumb that quickly , " Kunz said . "  My thought is that something was injected , because it would have to affect the central nervous system . " Escobar , from his experience with the animals , agreed . "  When something like this happens , if there was disease or illness or virus , other horses would already be coming out , " he said . "  Anything that would come whether it 's something like this or a small stomachache , we see it , because we are there with them all the time . " Anabolic steroids are not likely to have caused the deaths , either , Kunz said . "  It takes at least five days for -LSB- anabolic steroids -RSB- to really work , and the effects are n't real obvious at first , " she said . "  Most of the time , -LSB- anabolic steroids -RSB- are used to build up their muscularity . " Each team brings between 40 to 60 horses for matches . The ponies are continuously switched out throughout a match to keep them from overexerting themselves , O'Connor said . The horses were between 10 and 11 years old and were valued at about $ 100,000 each , club spokesman O'Connor said , according to the Sun-Sentinel . CNN 's Kimberly Segal and John Zarrella contributed to this report .	21 thoroughbred horses died at International Polo Club Palm Beach Officials say they have ruled out infectious or contagious disease Veterinarians say a mistake was made ; they do n't suspect foul play State and local officials are investigating
CNN  -- Some of the nation 's top experts Tuesday were looking for clues into sudden , mass deaths of birds in two states over New Year 's weekend . "  This one is unusual because of the time period over which so many birds died , " said LeAnn White , a field investigator with the National Wildlife Health Center in Madison , Wisconsin . The center , part of the U.S. Geological Survey , is receiving samples from Arkansas , where as many as 5,000 red-winged blackbirds and starlings fell from the sky in a square-mile area in less than an hour on New Year 's Eve , according to the Arkansas Fish and Game Commission . The center will also examine samples from Louisiana , where 500 red-winged blackbirds , starlings and grackles were found dead in Labarre . A preliminary report conducted Monday by the Arkansas Livestock and Poultry Commission found that the birds in Beebe , Arkansas , likely died from massive trauma . There had been reports of loud sounds in Beebe before the reports of birds falling began to come in . It 's possible the sounds made the birds disoriented , and they went into sudden , chaotic flights , crashing into each other and into objects , White said . "  You 're disturbed , you 're disoriented , you 're trying to figure out where you are . We have seen some stuff like this before when there 's heavy dense fog , and they 'll run into towers and power lines , " she said . Other bird experts agree that that 's a likely explanation . Still , the sudden deaths are quite unusual . "  It 's kind of a freak event , " said Greg Butcher , director of bird conservation for the National Audubon Society . "  You just do n't see these kinds of mass deaths very frequently at all . " At this time of year , blackbirds are in huge roosts , particularly throughout the southeastern United States , he said . They generally do n't fly at night . "  In the course of a year , about half the birds that are around die -- even under the best circumstances . The life of a bird is brutish and short . But it just usually happens out of the sight of people , " said Butcher . It 's possible that the loud sound that triggered the incident was New Year 's Eve fireworks , though officials said the investigation is ongoing . "  If it had been any other day of the week , " Butcher said , he might have suspected people to be behind the deaths . "  There 's a lot of purposeful killings . ... People really do n't like these big roosts . But I ca n't see anybody doing that on New Year 's Eve . " Doug Inkley , senior scientist with the National Wildlife Federation , said his "  first suspicion is that they were frightened and went into a mass panic . " "  I would call this event unusual , " he said , "  but not unprecedented . " Keith Stephens , a spokesman for the Arkansas Game and Fish Commission , said the birds showed evidence of trauma in the breast tissue , with blood clots in the body cavity and a lot of internal bleeding . All major organs were normal . Karen Rowe , an ornithologist for the commission , said such incidents can be caused by a lightning strike or high-altitude hail . A strong storm system moved through the state earlier in the day Friday . The experts CNN spoke with saw nothing surprising in there being a similar report of bird deaths in Louisiana . "  It 's another one of those coincidences , " said White , adding , "  I 'm really interested to see if there 's anything that could possibly be related . I asked about weather conditions there . There 's sometimes high-altitude hail . " But , she said , so far officials were not aware of "  any strange weather patterns " in the area . Butcher , with the National Audubon Society , said there may be more reports of dead birds found around the country . "  As soon as one of these things hits the airwaves , people are just more sensitive to seeing dead birds around . " Meanwhile , Arkansas officials are investigating the death of an estimated 100,000 fish in the state 's northwest , but suspect disease was to blame , a state spokesman said Sunday .	Thousands of birds died suddenly Friday night in two separate locations Experts suspect something panicked the birds into chaotic flight and crashes It 's possible New Year 's Eve fireworks sparked one of the mass deaths Scientists call the scale of these deaths unusual , but not unprecedented
CNN  -- America has beaches , too . That 's the message from the 2014 U.S. News and World Report "  World 's Best Places to Visit " rankings for the United States . On the U.S. list , Maui jumped six places from last year 's rankings to steal the top spot from Yellowstone National Park , which fell to second place . "  When we think about American vacations , people are less inclined to think of beach cities per se , at least before big cities like New York , Chicago or our National Parks , " said Allison Michaels , the site 's travel editor . "  So it 's interesting to see a beach destination rise to the top . " Washington D.C. , San Francisco and New York City rounded out the top five vacation destinations , whose rankings are based on a formula combining online reader votes with the opinion of reputable travel writers . Click through the gallery to see what you think of all 20 top spots .	U.S. News picked its top spots in the USA There 's a new number one at the top of the list Beaches , national parks , big cities and culture fill out the top 20
CNN  -- Chinese golf prodigy Guan Tianlang will have another chance to shine at a top professional tournament after being invited to play in a PGA Tour event in New Orleans next week . The 14-year-old stunned the sporting world at last week 's Masters when he not only made the halfway cut as the youngest player to ever enter the prestigious major , but also finished as the leading amateur . He will line up at the Zurich Classic , whose title sponsor was also involved with the Asia-Pacific Amateur Championship he won last year to qualify for Augusta . "  Guan 's victory in Thailand in November and his historic achievement last week at Augusta National Golf Club are truly remarkable . We are excited to have him join us , " Zurich CEO Martin Senn said Thursday . The tournament , won last year by Jason Dufner , is hosted by the Fore!Kids Foundation , which has raised almost $ 23 million for children since its inception in 1958 . "  Guan represents the aspirations of millions of young golfers and golf fans of all ages worldwide , " its CEO Steve Worthy said . Dufner , who claimed the $ 1.15 million first prize last year when he beat Ernie Els in a playoff , is expected to defend his title in a field also including the South African , 2011 winner Bubba Watson , fellow major champion Keegan Bradley and world No. 3 Justin Rose . Meanwhile , Sergio Garcia was off the pace after making a quick trans-Atlantic crossing to appear at his home Spanish Open . The world No. 13 , who tied for eighth at Augusta , was four shots behind the leaders after shooting par 72 in Thursday 's opening round . Compatriot Miguel Angel Jimenez , making his comeback after breaking a leg skiing last year , was in a tie for 112th after carding a rusty 76 , to be in a group including former European Ryder Cup captain Jose Maria Olazabal . Veteran Chilean Felipe Aguilar shared the lead with 21-year-old Frenchman Gary Stal and Denmark 's Morten Orum Madsen after they all shot 68 .	Guan Tianlang accepts invitation to take part in PGA Tour event next week Chinese 14-year-old will line up at TPC Louisiana in New Orleans Classic He is the youngest player to compete at the Masters , and made the halfway cut The $ 6.6 million tournament will include defending champion Jason Dufner
CNN  -- Two human-rights activists were shot and killed in Kenya 's capital , Nairobi , on Thursday evening , leading a U.N. investigator to call for an independent investigation to prove that Kenyan police were not involved . U.N. invesitgator Phillip Alston said an inquiry into the activists deaths was the only way to eliminate suspicions of police involvement . The shootings spurred a protest by students that led police to fatally shoot a student , police said . A U.N. investigator called the killings of the human-rights workers an assassination . "  It is extremely troubling when those working to defend human rights in Kenya can be assassinated in broad daylight in the middle of Nairobi , " Phillip Alston said . "  There is an especially strong onus on the Kenyan government to arrange for an independent investigation into these killings , given the circumstances surrounding them . " Alston said many are suspicious that the police were involved and an independent investigation is the only way to eliminate the suspicion . The Kenyan National Commission on Human Rights also called for an independent probe and planned to hold a news conference Friday . Oscar Kamau Kingara , a longtime critic of Kenyan police , was fatally shot while driving near the the state house , the home of Kenya 's president . Kingara 's colleague John Paul Oulu also was killed by the gunmen , who fled . Kingara founded the Oscar Foundation , an organization that provides legal aid to the poor in Kenya . He released a report last year alleging that Kenyan police had killed or kidnapped more than 500 people in an effort to control a gang in the country called the Mungiki . Both men also provided information to the United Nations this year that helped the organization release a scathing report about police brutality and police killings in Kenya . The U.N. report released in late February accused Kenyan police of widespread extrajudicial killings , and called for the removal of the East African nation 's police commissioner and its attorney general . Kenyan police said in a statement Friday that investigators were looking for two suspects who were seen fleeing after the shootings of Kingara and Oulu . Police also said they would investigate three officers who shot at college students who protested after the human rights activists were killed . "  That use of lethal force during this confrontation was unprofessional and uncalled for . It has also been confirmed one student later died at Kenyatta National Hospital following bullet injuries suffered during this confrontation with the police , " the police statement said . CNN 's David McKenzie contributed to this report .	U.N. official calls for inquiry into deaths of two Kenyan human rights activists Deaths sparked protests amid suspicion over police involvement in killings One student fatally shot by police during demonstrations in Nairobi Police say they are looking for two suspects seen fleeing scene of the shootings
We may never know the why -- though there has been no shortage of speculation on the Internet -- but at least now we know what the Carter-Knowles family has to say about their already infamous elevator fight . Solange Knowles , Jay Z and his wife , Beyonce , have released a statement about surveillance video originally posted by TMZ showing Solange , the younger sister of Beyonce , hitting and kicking her brother-in-law . The trio had previously not spoken publicly about the incident in an elevator at the Standard Hotel in New York City following the Met Gala held on May 5 . But on Thursday , they broke their silence . The family referred CNN to a statement they previously gave to the Associated Press . The statement says : "  As a result of the public release of the elevator security footage from Monday , May 5th , there has been a great deal of speculation about what triggered the unfortunate incident . But the most important thing is that our family has worked through it . Jay and Solange each assume their share of responsibility for what has occurred . "  They both acknowledge their role in this private matter that has played out in the public . They both have apologized to each other and we have moved forward as a united family . "  The reports of Solange being intoxicated or displaying erratic behavior throughout that evening are simply false . At the end of the day , families have problems and we 're no different . We love each other and above all we are family . We 've put this behind us and hope everyone else will do the same . " Following the incident , the sisters were photographed leaving together while Jay Z left in a separate car .	Solange Knowles , Jay Z and his wife , Beyonce , release a statement TMZ released video showing an altercation between Solange and Jay Z in an elevator They say they have "  worked through it , " saying all families have their problems The statement refutes that Solange was intoxicated
CNN  -- In Focus -- Gulf football interests News of an English football deal sent the British media into a frenzy this week , when a private Abu Dhabi group announced a planned takeover of Manchester City . Sheikha Hanadi al Thani talks about the real estate bubble in Qatar With the likes of Emirates , Etihad and Saudi Telecom , the Gulf has long had an interest in English football . Are they sound investments or a matter of prestige ? MME investigates . Facetime with Sheikha Hanadi Al Thani , CEO , Al Waab City Real Estate Development Since 2005 when the World Economic Forum named her the "  Young Global Leader of the Year , " Sheikha Hanadi al Thani has become an inspiration to women across the Arab world . She founded the first firm in Qatar to conduct investment banking and is now the CEO of Al Wa'ab City , a property development that 's set to open in 2010 . She talks to MME about the real estate bubble in Qatar and being a businesswoman in the Gulf . Watch the show this week at the times  GMT  below : Friday : 0815 , 1845 Saturday : 0545 Sunday 0715	On this week 's MME we look at Gulf interests in English football We talk to Sheikha Hanadi Al Thani , CEO , Al Waab City Real Estate Development Al Thani , who started the first investment bank in Qatar , talks about property
CNN  -- Massachusetts investigators said Friday they think they have found the remains of Jeremiah Oliver , a 5-year-old boy who was missing for months before police were called . Though positive identification has not been made , Worcester County District Attorney Joseph D. Early Jr. said the body of a child found wrapped in a blanket inside a duffel bag near a central Massachusetts interstate matches the height and weight of Jeremiah . The case of Jeremiah Oliver was the result of what Massachusetts Department of Children and Families Commissioner Olga Roche called "  a serious failure . " Roche oversees the state 's social workers , including those assigned to the Oliver household . "  The social worker assigned to this case did not conduct the required in-person , monthly checks on the family , " Roche said in a statement when the boy was reported missing in December . "  And the supervisor failed to enforce that policy . " Roche fired both of them almost immediately . The last documentation of an interaction with Jeremiah was in May 2013 , according to Department of Children and Families spokesman Alec Loftus . In June , Loftus said , the social worker was told that Jeremiah had moved to Florida to live with his grandmother , but did not follow up or verify that . The last visit to the home was in November , at which the social worker left behind a business card indicating it would be the Department of Children and Families ' final visit , Loftus said . On December 2 , Jeremiah 's 8-year-old sister told counselors at her elementary school that her mother 's boyfriend , Alberto Sierra , 22 , had abused her , according to a police affidavit . After those statements , the girl and another brother were taken into protective custody , according to the affidavit . When police asked Elsa Oliver , 28 , where her third child , Jeremiah , was , she told them he had moved to Florida , a law enforcement source involved in the investigation told CNN at the time . At a December 13 hearing before a state juvenile judge , Oliver was "  observed to have bruises , disheveled hair , and appeared to have been assaulted , " according to court documents . She refused to divulge Jeremiah 's whereabouts , according to the source , so she was arrested . In March , Oliver and Sierra , both of whom have been in custody since December , were indicted by a grand jury on charges related to Jeremiah 's disappearance , as well as on charges of child abuse . Calls to the attorneys for both were not immediately returned Friday . An autopsy on the remains found Friday is expected to be completed over the weekend . CNN 's Lawrence Crook III and Dave Stewart contributed to this report .	DA : Child 's body found in duffel bag matches size of Jeremiah Oliver Jeremiah , 5 , was missing for months before police were alerted Mom , boyfriend were indicted in March in his disappearance Case called "  serious failure " for Massachusetts Department of Children and Families
Durban , South Africa  CNN  -- An agreement reached Sunday in South Africa will help tackle the challenges of climate change for years to come , the United Nations ' chief said . U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon hailed the decision reached by parties of the Climate Change Convention in Durban , South Africa , which agreed to extend efforts set forth in the Kyoto Protocol . The Kyoto Protocol , ratified by 37 industrialized countries , was set to expire in 2012 . It mandates that industrialized nations cut their greenhouse gas emissions . Ban "  welcomes the agreement to establish a second commitment period of the Kyoto Protocol that will increase certainty for the carbon market and provides additional incentives for new investments in technology and the infrastructure necessary to fight climate change , " according to a statement from his office . As part of a broad pact , nations will agree in some sort of a legal format to curb their carbon emissions . The talks also launched the Green Climate Fund , which would essentially channel about $ 100 billion by 2020 to vulnerable countries to help them deal with the effects of climate change . U.S. chief negotiator Todd Stern described the talks as "  tough " but worthwhile . "  For the first time there is an agreement to negotiate a legal accord of some sort , a legal instrument that is applicable to all countries -- that is a new thing . That means China , India and Brazil -- and there is no hedging in it , " Stern said . He added , "  We have been pushing for the last three years continually to change the paradigm of this negotiation so it did apply to all the big emitters because you ca n't solve this problem if you have 50-60 % of world emissions not at the table . So an agreement to do this legal accord -- that 's applicable to of all the major parties , that 's a big deal . " The British secretary for energy and climate change also said he was pleased . "  I think we have all come away from this now with a really credible package which will address the problems of global warming , " Chris Huhne said . The agreement came after a marathon session of negotiations . "  It was an extraordinarily complex negotiation with a lot of moving parts , " said Elliot Diringer , an executive vice president of the Center for Climate and Energy Solutions who was an adviser to former U.S. President Bill Clinton . "  Up until the last minute , there was every reason to think that it could well have fallen apart . So I think that the fact that it came together is in of itself a success , even if the outcome does n't fully satisfy anyone , " Diringer said . Critics who were not satisfied with the outcome include the international charity Oxfam , which said negotiators at the U.N. climate talks agreed to the "  bare minimum deal possible . " "  The plan gets the Green Climate Fund up and running without any sources of funding ... and gets a second commitment period of the Kyoto Protocol without key members , " Oxfam said in a statement Sunday . Without further action , Oxfam said , "  farmers in parts of Africa could face a drop in crop yields of more than 50 % within this generation or that of their children . Food prices could more than double within the next two decades , up to half of which caused by climate change . "	NEW : Delegates agree to a Green Climate Fund , which would help countries deal with effects of climate change NEW : Oxfam says negotiators reached the "  bare minimum deal possible " in the climate change talks The Kyoto Protocol mandates that industrialized nations cut their greenhouse gas emissions It was set to expire in 2012
CNN  -- Bayern Munich 's record breaking run continued Saturday with Werder Bremen crushed 7-0 by Pep Guardiola 's European Champions who are making Bundesliga history every week . It was an unprecedented 40th unbeaten league match for last season 's treble winners and Bayern equaled their own club record of 26 away matches without defeat . But more than just mere records , it was a graphic demonstration of their goalscoring potential , with the returning Franck Ribery at the heart of the attacking prowess . The French international has not played for nearly a month in the Bundesliga through a rib injury but in the 21st minute it was his cross which was turned into his own goal by Bremen defender Assani Lukimy . Belgium defender Daniel van Buyten doubled the lead six minutes later before Ribery scored his first of the afternoon before halftime . Ribery supplied the assist for the fourth from Mario Mandzukic on the hour and a fine finish from Thomas Mueller made it five . Ribery 's second and a Mario Goetze with the seventh with the last kick of the match wrapped up the rout in front of a stunned capacity crowd at the Weserstadion . Werder continue to hover above the drop zone in a disappointing season , but Bayern have a four point lead over Bayer Leverkusen , who beat third-placed Borussia Dortmund in a crunch match later Saturday . South Korea striker Son Heung-Min grabbed the 18th-minute winner after a mistake in the Dortmund defense . Both sides finished with 10 men with Leverkusen losing Bosnia defender Emir Spahic while Dortmund , who trail Bayern by 10 points , had Sokratis dismissed for a second yellow card late on . Fourth placed Borussia Moenchengladbach kept up their bid for a Champions League place with a 2-1 win at home to Schalke 04 , their sixth in a row . But it is difficult to see who can stop Bayern , who last lost in the Bundesliga in October 2012 and have scored 39 goals in 15 league games this season under new boss Guardiola . Ribery 's display will help press his claim for the FIFA World Footballer of the Year honor , which will be announced next month . Meanwhile , Atletico Madrid opened their defense of the Copa del Rey with 4-0 win at minnows Sant Andreu . A double from Arda Turan , flanked by goals from Raul Garcia and David Villa , gave the holders a comfortable advantage ahead of the second leg of the last 32 tie . Paris Saint-Germain went four points clear in France with a 5-0 thrashing of lowly Sochaux as Zlatan Ibrahimovic scored twice and laid on two others . It was a good response from PSG , who lost their first league game of the season in midweek to Evian . Lille can close again to within a point if they beat Bordeaux Sunday with third placed Monaco meeting Ajaccio . In Serie A , Mario Balotelli scored twice to earn AC Milan a 2-2 away draw at Livorno . He put them ahead in the eighth minute before Luca Siligardi equalized for the home side . Livorno went ahead through Paulinho then Balotelli leveled with a stunning late free kick . The sixth draw of the Italian league campaign left Milan in eighth place ahead of Sunday 's games .	Bayern Munich thrash Werder Bremen 7-0 Franck Ribery stars with two goals and assists Record 40th unbeaten match for European champions Bayer Leverkusen beat Borussia Dortmund 1-0 to stay second
New York  CNN  -- The suspect wanted in connection with the hit-and-run crash that killed a Brooklyn couple and their unborn child this week turned himself in to authorities in Pennsylvania on Wednesday , New York police said . Julio Acevedo , 44 , was arrested after a friend helped facilitate his surrender in the crowded parking lot of a mini mart in Bethlehem , Pennsylvania , said Deputy Commissioner Paul Browne of the New York Police Department . The friend , Derrick Hamilton , traveled with detectives and a deputy U.S. marshal to the site . Acevedo was given a description of unmarked police cars to look for when surrendering , Browne said . Police said Acevedo was cooperative and was taken to a Pennsylvania State Police barracks to await extradition proceedings . He was arrested at 5:10 p.m. Video of the surrender , shot by CNN affiliates WFMZ and WABC and posted on their websites , showed Acevedo in a light blue hooded sweatshirt , his hands uncuffed , being helped out of a gray sedan and put into a silver SUV . Hamilton helped arrange for Acevedo to speak to reporters by phone Tuesday . During that call , Acevedo said he was trying to get away from someone shooting at him when he crashed , according to WABC . Police say Acevedo was going about 60 miles per hour early Sunday when the BMW he was driving crashed into the side of a livery cab carrying Nathan and Raizy Glauber , both 21 . Raizy Glauber was pregnant ; she and her husband were going to the hospital because she was n't feeling well , said her cousin , Sarah Gluck . The couple 's baby boy was delivered by cesarean section from his dead mother 's womb but died the next day , police said . The driver of the cab survived . The front of the BMW was smashed but the black Toyota Camry cab was left a mangled wreck . The driver 's side was crushed , the front wheel was hanging off , and pieces of metal were bent in every direction . Police say Acevedo fled the scene on foot . It was n't immediately clear how police identified him as the suspect . Authorities arrested the BMW 's registered owner Monday on insurance fraud charges , Browne said . "  He was a coward , " Isaac Abraham , a community leader and neighbor of the couple , told WABC after Acevedo 's arrest . "  He left the scene . " The deaths brought heartache to the Glaubers ' Hasidic community in Brooklyn , many of whom mourned the couple 's deaths at a funeral service on Sunday . "  A loss like that can not be replaced by having him arrested or by surrendering or no matter what charges will be brought against him once he finally faces up to the justice system , " Abraham said . Cab driver Pedro Nu  ez Delacruz told WABC he did n't find out what happened to the Glaubers until he got into the ambulance . "  I feel very sorry for that beautiful family , " he said .	Julio Acevedo surrendered in Pennsylvania at a mini mart Police say a friend helped negotiate his surrender The Sunday crash killed a young Brooklyn couple and their unborn child Police say Acevedo fled the scene after the crash
NEW YORK  CNN  -- After arguing with her husband , Liza Murphy walked out of their home in Emerson , New Jersey , leaving behind her purse , her cigarettes , her cell phone and her three children , her husband told police . There has been no sign of her since August 19 , 2007 . Liza Murphy has been missing from her home in Emerson , New Jersey , since August 19 , 2007 . Murphy 's friends and family reported her missing the next day . "  In my heart , I fear the worst , that my daughter is gone , " said her mother , Sophia Stellatos . Police searched extensively for Murphy , especially around a reservoir not far from her home , but they found nothing . Cadaver dogs caught her scent near the George Washington Bridge , but the trail went cold , police told the family . Deepening the mystery , her husband , Joe Murphy , tried to take his own life a few days after his wife disappeared by walking into oncoming traffic and throwing himself in front of a fire truck , police say . He was hospitalized and recovered from his injuries , but police say he hired a lawyer and is no longer cooperating with investigators . His lawyer said Murphy , an Irish immigrant , has nothing to hide from the authorities . He said his client has no criminal record and no history of violence . Attorney Joseph Rem added that there was no physical violence in the marriage . According to her family , Liza Murphy , 42 , was not the type of person to take off on her own without letting her family know . Watch an update " "  She would never leave her three children behind voluntarily , " her mother insisted . "  What does n't make sense is Liza leaving her house without her purse , cell phone , wallet , keys or cigarettes , " she added . "  She was a heavy smoker , and if she took off after a fight for a walk to cool off , she definitely would n't leave without her cigarettes ! " Liza Murphy and her husband were having marital problems , her family said . Stellatos described Joe Murphy as possessive of his wife , never allowing her to go out with her friends . She said he was even jealous if she spent time with her parents . Rem pointed out that his client has not been named as a suspect or a person of interest in the case . He said police have not asked to speak to his client recently . Liza Murphy 's children are 15 , 13 and 10 years old now . Joe Murphy has full custody of them , and the Stellatoses have not seen their grandchildren since shortly before their daughter disappeared . Murphy and her children had spent the week before her disappearance visiting with her parents , who live about 125 miles away . They returned the Friday before Murphy 's disappearance . Police say both the Murphy home and their vehicles have been processed for forensics , but they found no evidence of foul play or struggle . Liza Murphy had been suffering from depression and was on medication for fibromyalgia , a painful condition that affects the muscles and soft tissues . Police say she may have been accosted after she left home , still stewing over the argument . The police seek the public 's help in this case . Anyone with information leading to the whereabouts of Liza Murphy or the arrest of the person responsible for her disappearance is asked to call the Emerson Police Department 's tip line at 201-262-2800 .	Woman disappeared after argument with husband Husband tried to kill himself after disappearance , denies involvement Cadaver dogs detected Liza Murphy 's scent near George Washington Bridge Know something ? Call 201-262-2800
North Korea 's enigmatic leader Kim Jong Il -- who , after succeeding his father 17 years ago , captained his poor , closed nation and antagonized its enemies -- is dead , state media reported Monday . Kim , 69 , died at 8:30 a.m. Saturday , according to state media . A tearful broadcaster reported that Kim died due to "  overwork " after "  dedicating his life to the people . " Kim suffered "  great mental and physical strain " while on a train during a "  field guidance tour , " North Korea 's state-run KCNA news agency reported . A look back at the life of Kim Jong Il More specifically , the agency reported that Kim suffered a heart attack and could n't be saved despite the use of "  every possible first-aid measure . " He had been treated for "  cardiac and cerebrovascular diseases for a long period , " KCNA noted . His funeral will be held December 28 and the national mourning period extends until December 29 , said the news agency . North Korean and communist party officials "  released a notice on Saturday informing " members of the Workers ' Party of Korea , military "  and all other people " of Kim 's passing , according to KCNA . South Korea 's national security council convened after news broke about Kim 's death and was still meeting as of 2 p.m. Monday , President Lee Myung-bak 's office said . The president canceled the rest of his Monday schedule , and all members of South Korea 's military have been placed on "  emergency alert , " according to Lee 's office . Under the alert -- which is short of the highest possible level -- South Korean forces will monitor North Korean troop movements closely and tighten security measures at sea , according to the ministry of defense . In addition , South Korea 's National Police Agency has ordered police across the country to be on emergency work shifts . "  South Korea 's concern is warranted , frankly , because an insecure North Korea could well be an even more dangerous North Korea , " a U.S. official said . The White House , meanwhile , released a statement saying U.S. officials are "  closely monitoring reports " of Kim 's death and are "  in close touch with our allies in South Korea and Japan . " This Just In : Up-to-the minute news on the death of Kim Jong Il "  We remain committed to stability on the Korean peninsula , and to the freedom and security of our allies , " the White House statement said . The son of Kim Il Song , founder of the communist nation , Kim Jong Il had been in power since 1994 when his father died of a heart attack at age 82 . The enigmatic leader was a frequent thorn in the side of neighboring South Korea , as well as the United States . There have been reports in recent years about his health , as well as that power will be transitioned to his son , Kim Jong Un . North Korea 's nuclear program -- and international attempts to hinder its nuclear weaponry potential -- put Kim at odds with many world leaders in recent years , as did his governing style . iReport : Send us your reaction Under his leadership , North Korea was largely closed off to outside influences , fearful of threats from its neighbors and subject to decades of political socialization . At the same time , it also sought international aid after extensive famines that contributed to the deaths of tens of thousands of people . Both North Korea and South Korea have shown signs of concession in recent years -- Pyongyang has expressed willingness to engage with countries involved in multilateral talks aimed at North Korea 's denuclearization , while Seoul recently sent humanitarian aid through U.N. agencies to help the malnourished population in the North . But relations between the two rival nations soured yet again when North Korea launched an attack on the South Korean island of Yeonpyeong , killing two South Korean marines and two civilians . U.S. Defense Secretary Leon Panetta said earlier this fall that the greatest threat from North Korea is weapons of mass destruction . "  North Korea continues to defy the international community as it enhances its nuclear weapons , its ballistic missile programs and continues to engage in dangerous and destabilizing proliferation activities . " The regime has been planning a nationwide , yearlong celebration in 2012 to show North Korea is "  strong and prosperous " and also to honor of the 100th anniversary of the birth of Kim Il Song , the communist nation 's founder . North Korean news reports earlier this fall indicated that Kim Jong Il had been traveling around the country and visiting China , a big change from 2009 when he was thought to be ill with cancer . Two senior U.S. military officials said then that they believed the pace of North Korea 's planned regime change from Kim to his 20-something son appeared to have slowed . The son , also known as Kim , started his career as a four-star general and in recent years was given more official duties by his father . "  He 's clearly the designated successor , " Mike Chinoy , a senior fellow at the U.S.-China Institute who once worked for CNN , said of Kim Jong Un . "  This has been in place for a while . " Chinoy said he expected that , in the short-term , North Koreans would "  rally around the flag  and  hunker down . " But given the nation 's deep-rooted economic and other problems , maintaining that unity and control without a overarching figure like Kim Jong Il in place may be more difficult . "  The deeper questions come over the long-term , " Chinoy said .	"  An insecure North Korea could  be  more dangerous , " a U.S. official says South Korea 's national security council is convening , its president says Kim died of a heart attack while on a train , North Korea 's state news agency reports Kim Jong Il was the son of Kim Il Song , the founder of the communist nation
Billboard.com  Not all of the 2015 Grammys were given away on camera -- and several artists added to their lifetime hauls . Beyonce now has 19 career Grammys , passing Aretha Franklin 's 18 . The most among female artists ? Alison Krauss , with 27 . Rosanne Cash has three Grammys today . She also won a Grammy 20 years ago for "  I Do n't Know Why You Do n't Want Me . " Other winners today include Pharrell , Eminem and "  Frozen " songwriters Kristen Anderson-Lopez and Robert Lopez . Here are the prizes awarded before the ceremony hit TV . Best New Age Album : Ricky Kej & Wouter Kellerman , Winds of Samsara Best Regional Roots Music Album : Jo-El Sonnier , The Legacy Best Reggae Album : Ziggy Marley , Fly Rasta Billboard.com : Grammys 2015 : See all of our coverage Best World Music Album : Angelique Kidjo , Eve Best Children 's Album : Neela Vaswani , I Am Malala : How One Girl Stood Up For Education And Changed the World Best Instrumental Composition : John Williams , The Book Thief Best Arrangement , Instrumental or A Cappella : Ben Bram , Mitch Grassi , Scott Hoying , Avi Kaplan , Kirstin Maldonado and Kevin Olusola , arrangers , "  Daft Punk " Best Arrangement , Instruments and Vocals : Billy Childs , arranger , New York Tendaberry Best Recording Package : Jeff Ament , Don Pendleton , Joe Spix and Jerome Turner , art directors , Lightning Bolt Best Boxed or Special Limited Edition Package : Susan Archie , Dean Blackwood and Jack White , art directors , The Rise & Fall Of Paramount Records , Volume One  1917-27 Best Album Notes : Ashley Kahn , album notes writer  John Coltrane  , Offering : Live At Temple University Best Historical Album : Colin Escott & Cheryl Pawelski , compilation producers ; Michael Graves , mastering engineer  Hank Williams  , The Garden Spot Programs , 1950 Best Engineered Album , Non-Classical : Tom Elmhirst , David Greenbaum , Florian Lagatta , Cole Marsden Greif-Neill , Robbie Nelson , Darrell Thorp , Cassidy Turbin and Joe Visciano , engineers ; Bob Ludwig , mastering engineer  Beck  , Morning Phase Best Remixed Recording , Non-Classical : Tijs Michiel Verwest , remixer  John Legend  , "  All Of Me  Tiesto 's Birthday Treatment Remix  " Best Surround Sound Album : Elliot Scheiner , surround mix engineer ; Bob Ludwig , surround mastering engineer ; Beyonc Knowles , surround producer  Beyonc  , Beyonc Best Engineered Album , Classical : Michael Bishop , engineer ; Michael Bishop , mastering engineer  Robert Spano , Norman Mackenzie , Atlanta Symphony Orchestra & Chorus  , Vaughan Williams : Dona Nobis Pacem ; Symphony No. 4 ; The Lark Ascending Producer of the Year , Classical : Judith Sherman , Beethoven : Cello & Piano Complete  Fischer Duo  , Brahms By Heart  Chiara String Quartet  , Composing America  Lark Quartet  , Divergence  Plattform K + K Vienna  , The Good Song  Thomas Meglioranza  , Mozart & Brahms : Clarinet Quintets  Anthony McGill & Pacifica Quartet  , Snapshot  American Brass Quintet  , Two X Four  Jaime Laredo , Jennifer Koh , Vinay Parameswaran & Curtis 20/21 Ensemble  , Wagner Without Words  Ll_r Williams Best Orchestral Performance : David Robertson , conductor  St. Louis Symphony  , Adams , John : City Noir Best Opera Recording : Paul O'Dette & Stephen Stubbs , conductors ; Aaron Sheehan ; Renate Wolter-Seevers , producer  Boston Early Music Festival Chamber Ensemble ; Boston Early Music Festival Vocal Ensemble  , Charpentier : La Descente D'Orphe Aux Enfers Best Choral Performance : Craig Hella Johnson , conductor  Conspirare  , The Sacred Spirit Of Russia Best Chamber Music/Small Ensemble : Hilary Hahn & Cory Smythe , In 27 Pieces - "  The Hilary Hahn Encores Best Classical Instrumental Solo : Jason Vieaux , Play Best Classical Solo Vocal Album : Anne Sofie Von Otter ; Bengt Forsberg , accompanist  Carl Bagge , Margareta Bengston , Mats Bergstrm , Per Ekdahl , Bengan Janson , Olle Linder & Antoine Tamestit  , Douce France Best Classical Compendium : Partch ; John Schneider , producer , Partch : Plectra & Percussion Dances Best Contemporary Classical Composition : John Luther Adams , composer  Ludovic Morlot & Seattle Symphony  , Adams , John Luther : Become Ocean Best Gospel Performance/Song : Smokie Norful , No Greater Love Best Contemporary Christian Music Performance/Song : Lecrae Featuring For King & Country ; Torrance Esmond , Ran Jackson , Ricky Jackson , Kenneth Chris Mackey , Lecrae Moore , Joseph Prielozny , Joel Smallbone & Luke Smallbone  songwriters  , "  Messengers "  Lecrae ft. For King & Country Best Gospel Album : Erica Campbell , Help Best Contemporary Christian Music Album : For King & Country , Run Wild . Live Free . Love Strong Best Roots Gospel Album : Mike Farris , Shine For All the People Best Latin Pop Album : Ruben Blades , Tangos Best Latin Rock , Urban or Alternative Album : Calle 13 , Multiviral Best Regional Mexican Music Album : Vicente Fernndez , Mano A Mano - Tangos A La Manera De Vicente Fernndez Best Tropical Latin Album : Carlos Vives , Ms + Corazno Profundo Best Dance Recording : Clean Bandit ft. Jess Glynne , "  Rather Be " Best Dance/Electronic Album : Aphex Twin , Syro Best Improvised Jazz Solo : Chick Corea , "  Fingerprints " Best Jazz Vocal Album : Dianne Reeves , Beautiful Life Best Jazz Instrumental Album : Chick Corea Trio , Trilogy Best Large Jazz Ensemble Album : Gordon Goodwin 's Big Phat Band , Life in the Bubble Best Latin Jazz Album : Arturo O'Farrill & The Afro Latin Jazz Orchestra , The Offense of the Drum Best Musical Theater Album : Jessie Mueller , principal soloist ; Jason Howland , Steve Sidwell & Billy Jay Stein , producers  Carole King , composer and lyricist   Original Broadway Cast  , Beautiful : The Carole King Musical Best Compilation Soundtrack for Visual Media : Kristen Anderson-Lopez , Robert Lopez , Tom MacDougall & Chris Montan , compilation producers , Frozen Best Score Soundtrack for Visual Media : Alexandre Desplat , composer , The Grand Budapest Hotel Best Song Written for Visual Media : Kristen Anderson-Lopez and Robert Lopez , songwriters , Let It Go Best Music Video : Pharrell Williams , "  Happy " Best Music Film : Darlene Love , Merry Clayton , Lisa Fischer and Judith Hill , Twenty Feet From Stardom Best Country Solo Performance : Carrie Underwood , "  Something In the Water " Best Country Duo/Group Performance : The Band Perry , "  Gentle On My Mind " Best Country Song : Glen Campbell , "  I 'm Not Gon na Miss You " Best Bluegrass Album : The Earls Of Leicester , The Earls Of Leicester Best Pop Duo/Group Performance : A Great Big World ft. Christina Aguilera , "  Say Something " Best Traditional Pop Vocal Album : Tony Bennett and Lady Gaga , Cheek to Cheek Best Contemporary Instrumental Album : Chris Thile & Edgar Meyer -- Bass & Mandolin Best Rock Performance : Jack White -- "  Lazaretto " Best Metal Performance : Tenacious D -- "  The Last In Line " Best Rock Song : Hayley Williams & Taylor York  songwriters  -- "  Ai n't It Fun "  Paramore Best Alternative Music Album : St. Vincent -- St. Vincent Best Blues Album : Johnny Winter - Step Back Best Spoken Word Album : Joan Rivers -- Diary of a Mad Diva Best Comedy Album : "  Weird Al " Yankovic -- Mandatory Fun Best Rap Performance : Kendrick Lamar -- "  I " Best Rap/Sung Collaboration : Eminem ft. Rihanna -- "  The Monster " Best Rap Song : K.Duckworth & C. Smith  songwriters  -- "  I "  Kendrick Lamar Best Rap Album : Eminem -- The Marshall Mathers LP2 Best Traditional R&B Performance : Robert Glasper Experiment ft. Lalah Hathaway & Malcolm Jamal Warner -- "  Jesus Children " Best R&B Song : Shawn Carter , Rasool Diaz , Noel Fisher , Jerome Harmon , Beyonc Knowles , Timothy Mosely , Andre Eric Proctor & Brian Soko  songwriters  -- "  Drunk in Love "  Beyonc ft. Jay Z Best Urban Contermporary Album : Pharrell Williams -- "  G I R L " Best R&B Album : Toni Braxton & Babyface -- "  Love , Marriage & Divorce " Best American Roots Performance : Rosanne Cash -- "  A Feather 's Not A Bird " Best American Roots Song : Rosanne Cash -- "  A Feather 's Not A Bird " Best Americana Album : Roseanne Cash -- The River & The Thread Best Folk Album : Old Crow Medicine Show -- The Remedy Producer of the Year , Non-Classical : Max Martin CNN 's David Daniel contributed to this story .	Grammy winners include Joan Rivers , Weird Al Yankovic , "  Happy " Most Grammys awarded before show
After several months of airstrikes , the international coalition 's operation against ISIS in Syria has failed to dismantle the group 's structure of command and has pushed its militants further beyond the country 's borders . Civilians and opposition rebel forces have been left frustrated by the coalition 's narrow focus , lack of a clear agenda and apparent failure to take into consideration the dynamics of the wider Syrian conflict . Late last month , Syrian Foreign Minister Walid Moallem said that without U.N. Security Council approval , the U.S. strikes lacked legitimacy . But in comments to media he said : "  Anyway , if their aim is to strike against ISIS , it 's OK . " Does this statement mean that the Syrian government views the coalition strikes as beneficial to its hold on power ? Does the old Arab proverb the "  enemy of my enemy is my friend " apply to this case and to the reality on the ground ? In the short term , the international coalition 's counter-terrorism strategy may certainly be in the interests of the Assad regime . Military strikes are to some extent forcing ISIS fighters to retreat from territories under their control in northern and eastern Syria . Other opposition groups -- including the Free Syrian Army -- are unlikely to have the capability to take advantage of these strikes . The Syrian military is still superior when it comes to aerial force and may be best placed to retake ISIS territories . Although the Gulf states would like to see an anti-ISIS offensive that would ultimately lead to the collapse of the Syrian government , the U.S. and Western allies have made it clear that regime change is not an objective of this military campaign . Coalition strikes have not been targeting the Syrian government 's military forces or infrastructure . Thus the Syrian government has found the U.S. , Western allies , and Arab states on the side of its own allies Russia and the Islamic Republic of Iran -- aiding Assad against one of his most powerful and influential threats . Ironically , the same nations that may have indirectly contributed to the creation of ISIS itself , are now investing their military capital into fighting it . So far , however , the balance of power has not shifted significantly either in favor of the government forces or rebel groups . ISIS has been pushed out of some territories , but is advancing in others . Although government forces have made slight advances in Aleppo , resource constraints have prevented the military from taking full advantage of the coalition strikes . Strategically , Assad needs to focus on holding the large cities already under government control . Civilian suffering More fundamentally , the coalition 's anti-ISIS campaign has deflected attention from the Syrian government and armed rebel group 's atrocities against civilians . There are claims the Assad government has in fact ratcheted up its attacks in the shadow of the strikes . The opposition Syrian Observatory for Human Rights on Thursday reported that regime airstrikes had killed 221 civilians , "  taking advantage of the international media focusing on ISIS and Ein al-Arab ` Kobani ' . " Syrian civilians might also question why the international community decided to intervene against ISIS after ignoring -- for several years -- the Syrian government 's brutality in a conflict that has led to more than 190,000 deaths and more than 3,200,000 refugees . The offensive has not alleviated the humanitarian crisis facing the Syrian people and the strikes ' unintended consequences -- civilian casualties -- are increasingly leading to a domestic outcry against such intervention . Tackling the disease For some , the question is why the coalition does not address the fundamental roots of the war , tackling the disease itself rather than the symptoms . On a long term basis , the coalition strikes against ISIS in Syria will inevitably keep expanding , working to escalate the conflict . A strategic shift to target the Syrian government 's military infrastructure is unlikely as many regional and international state actors have a stake in Syria . Coalition training may gradually improve some of the Syrian rebel groups ' military capabilities and strategic planning but the current balance of power between the government forces and various rebel and armed groups will likely continue . Domestic , regional , international and non-state players will continue to pursue their own goals . Amid ongoing instability and competing interests , Syria 's social and political environment will be ripe for further radicalization , militarization and ultimately further civilian suffering . In the end , both ISIS and Assad may be the beneficiaries of the foreign airstrikes , using them as a pretext to further advance their political interests . A narrow and short-term counter-terrorism strategy that fails to take into account the many layers of the wider Syrian conflict is unlikely to succeed .	Syria has said coalition strikes lack legitimacy but aim of striking ISIS is OK Majid Rafizadeh says in the short term , coalition strikes may help the Assad regime But he says the coalition strategy fails to take the wider conflict into account The conflict will continue to escalate and Syrian civilians will suffer , he says
Army Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl , released from Taliban captivity last month , has been moved from inpatient care at Brooke Army Medical Center in San Antonio to outpatient treatment for reintegration and medical care at Joint Base San Antonio-Fort Sam Houston , the Army said Sunday . It is the latest step in the reintegration process for Bergdahl , who was held captive for five years and released in exchange for the transfer of five prisoners from Guantanamo Bay . He is the seventh person to go through the Army 's reintegration program but the first junior enlisted person to do so . The program began at Brooke Army Medical Center in 2006 . That 's where Bergdahl arrived on June 13 . Previous captives have completed their reintegration in a week to 10 days before returning to their families or occupations . Bergdahl was at the medical center for 10 days , but his reintegration process will extend beyond that with the outpatient care at Joint Base San Antonio-Fort Sam Houston . "  His reintegration process continues with exposure to more people and a gradual increase of social interactions , " the Army said in a statement . "  Debriefings and counseling from Survival , Evasion , Resistance and Escape  SERE  psychologists continue to ensure he progresses to the point where he can return to duty . " Bergdahl went missing on June 30 , 2009 , in Afghanistan 's Paktika province , where he was deployed with the 1st Battalion , 501st Infantry Regiment , 4th Brigade Combat Team , 25th Infantry Division . Several veterans and soldiers call him a deserter who walked off his base . An Army fact-finding investigation conducted in the months after his disappearance concluded he left his outpost deliberately and of his own free will , according to an official who was briefed on the report . The Army has no definitive finding that Bergdahl deserted because that would require knowing his intent -- something officials could n't learn without talking to the soldier , a U.S. military official told CNN . The military has assigned Maj. Gen. Kenneth Dahl to conduct an investigation and said that Dahl will not interview Bergdahl until the reintegration team approves .	Bowe Bergdahl is now in outpatient care His reintegration process will continue , the Army says Bergdahl was released from Taliban captivity last month
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- Dogs bred for the fighting pit have only one thing in their future : death . Fighting dogs may die in the ring or at the hands of their owners . If they are confiscated in a bust , they are almost always euthanized , experts say . Of the 1.4 million dogs euthanized at shelters last year , roughly half were pit bull types , Merritt Clifton says . Thursday is the deadline for owners to retrieve any of the 50 remaining pit bulls seized in April from the Virginia property of suspended Atlanta Falcons quarterback Michael Vick , who is accused of using them in vicious dogfights . A federal judge is expected to issue a court order to euthanize the animals . Officials and animal rights advocates agree that the dogs must lose this last battle for their lives because of their brutal training and risks to people and other animals . "  They 're just not in any situation where they can be adopted , " said Dr. Lauren Adams , a veterinarian with Emory Animal Hospital in Decatur , Georgia . "  They can snap at any point . " Of the 1.4 million dogs euthanized at shelters last year , roughly half were pit bull types , according to the latest data from Merritt Clifton , editor of Animal People . The pit bull is not a breed but a type that includes American Pit Bull Terriers , American Staffordshire Terriers , Staffordshire Bull Terriers , and pit bull mixes , according to the Pit Bull Rescue Central Web site . Clifton and other experts estimate anywhere from 25 to 50 percent of pit bulls euthanized at shelters were fighting dogs . "  Those dogs have been bred for aggression . You can breed for certain physical traits , but you can also breed for behavioral characteristics , " said Wayne Pacelle , president of the Humane Society of the United States . Dogs that lose the fights often are abandoned at shelters , but not all of them make it that far . Owners sometimes kill the dogs that do n't win . Court documents from the Vick case say "  the losing dog was sometimes put to death by drowning , strangulation , hanging , gun shot , electrocution or some other method . " Learn about the dark world of dogfighting " If the dogs do make it to shelters , they are usually euthanized quickly . Keeping them alive puts a burden on shelters , which can be held legally responsible if anything goes wrong , and puts the other animals at risk . Watch why some say euthanasia is the only option for fighting dogs -- viewer discretion advised " "  It 's very difficult to deprogram that behavior once it is instilled , " Pacelle said . "  Even if you can do it to some degree , all it takes is one lapse in the animal 's behaviors to kill another animal or exhibit some other type of aggression . " Additionally , shelters face the threat of theft . In the United States , there are an estimated 40,000 people who are considered professional dogfighters and another 100,000 amateur "  streetfighters , " according to John Goodwin , an expert on animal fighting with HSUS . Those involved compete for prizes as high as $ 100,000 , and confiscated pit bulls are extremely valuable . Inside the overpopulated shelters , where it 's survival of the most adoptable , shelters focus their limited resources on the dogs that stand a better chance of finding a home . The stigma associated with pit bull types has victimized the "  good " pit bulls , Pacelle said . In some shelters , as many as 60 percent of dogs are pit bull mixes . More than 90 percent of pit bulls in shelters -- fighters or not -- end up euthanized , said Clifton , who has been researching animal shelters for more than three decades . In the early 1900s , pit bulls were characterized as "  nanny dogs " because they were used by families to baby-sit their children . "  By the end of the century , they were these horrible , aggressive , fighting dog machines , and that 's very unfortunate , " said Ed Boks , general manager of Los Angeles Animal Services in California . The secondary fighting market has contributed to over breeding of pit bulls , Clifton said . The market creates a place where people can sell dogs as disposable commodities -- like pigs or chickens -- at much lower prices than would be invested in a pet , he said . These disposable dogs are designed to fight until they can fight no more . "  It was back in the '70s , '80s and '90s when people discovered just how loving these animals are -- so loving that they would fight to the death to please their owners , " Boks said . Considering the risk the fighting dogs pose to shelters , potential owners and other animals , "  they just do n't have a chance , " Clifton said . "  You can compare it to what happens with exotic cats and people who keep tigers in their backyard . It 's not the tiger 's fault , but you are still on the menu . They are victims , but you do have to treat them as animals that belong in maximum security . " E-mail to a friend	Dogs that survive the fighting pit are almost always euthanized 50 remaining pit bulls seized from Michael Vick 's property could be euthanized Roughly half of all dogs euthanized at shelters are pit bulls or pit bull mixes Pit bulls can be good pets if bought as puppies and raised properly
CNN  -- The vast majority of women in the United States use birth control . Some of us may even consider it a minor annoyance . Sometimes we forget to take our pills . The side effects can be painful . But we put up with it because it 's so important to have the power to determine our future . I did n't fully appreciate how much contraceptives changed my life because I never lacked access to them . That is , I did n't fully appreciate them until I got involved in global health and learned that hundreds of millions of women and girls in sub-Saharan Africa and South Asia do n't have access to contraceptives . The lack of birth control is more than a minor annoyance . It can be a significant barrier to a better life . When I learned what many women in poor countries faced , I asked myself : What would my life have been like if I had n't been able to use birth control ? This week at the London Summit on Family Planning , a partnership of national governments from developing and developed countries , foundations , the private sector and NGOs is launching a groundbreaking effort to make sure no woman has to ask herself that question . Our goal is to make modern contraceptives and family planning information and services available to an additional 120 million women and girls in the world 's poorest countries over the next eight years . I 'm passionate about family planning because when I travel and talk to women in developing countries , what 's universally clear is that they demand access to contraceptives . They want the power to determine their future . They know that when they can decide when they have children , they are healthier , their children are healthier , their families are more successful and their communities are more prosperous . Tragically , there are too many places where this virtuous cycle of social and economic development is n't happening . Nearly 13 million adolescent girls give birth each year in developing countries , typically before they are physically , emotionally or economically prepared . And when girls delay childbearing until their 20s , they are more likely to stay in school . Women who have been educated are likely to marry later , have healthier families and be able to invest in their children 's education . Simply giving women the means to space the births of their children three years apart would decrease deaths of children 4 and younger by 25 % . Already , there are a number of efforts underway that promise to give more women access to the lifesaving contraceptives they demand . In Senegal , we are investing in a pilot project to ensure that health clinics are always stocked with the full range of modern contraceptives , including implants , injectables and IUDs that put the power in the hands of women . Imagine what it would be like to travel for hours to a clinic for contraceptives , only to find that they are out of stock . I am excited to see that developing countries such as Senegal are investing in innovative programs to ensure that women will always have options when they go to the clinic . There is also important research underway on new health products that offer women even more options . I am enthusiastic about a new injectable device that women can administer themselves , so they do n't have to travel to the clinic . In the United States , we administer our own birth control . It 's hard to picture what it would be like if we had to see our doctor constantly to plan our families effectively . This new device will empower women in countries where the pill is n't popular to plan for themselves . Last year , I met with a group of women in Nairobi 's Korogocho slum who talked openly about their family life and why they use birth control . After two hours , a woman named Mary Ann summed up the conversation with something I will never forget . She said : "  I want to bring every good thing to one child before I have another . " That single phrase captures the reason I am so deeply committed to family planning and why I am so enthusiastic about the London Summit . Bringing every good thing to our children starts with women everywhere being empowered to plan their family . On July 11 , I hope you can tune in to witness the unprecedented commitments of all our partners and pledge your support for every woman and girl to have the opportunity to determine her own future . Melinda Gates responds to contraception program controversy Overheard : Contraceptives and Catholicism The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Melinda Gates .	Melinda Gates : Women throughout the world deserve access to birth control She says women in sub-Saharan Africa and South Asia often lack sufficient access Women who have contraception can plan their lives and make intelligent choices , she says Gates : A new initiative aims to provide birth control to 120 million additional women , girls
A federal judge said Monday that he believes the government 's once-secret collection of domestic phone records is unconstitutional , setting up likely appeals and further challenges to the data mining revealed by classified leaker Edward Snowden . U.S. District Judge Richard Leon said the National Security Agency 's bulk collection of metadata -- phone records of the time and numbers called without any disclosure of content -- apparently violates privacy rights . His preliminary ruling favored five plaintiffs challenging the practice , but Leon limited the decision only to their cases . "  I can not imagine a more ` indiscriminate ' and ` arbitrary invasion ' than this systematic and high-tech collection and retention of personal data on virtually every citizen for purposes of querying and analyzing it without prior judicial approval , " said Leon , an appointee of President George W. Bush . "  Surely , such a program infringes on ` that degree of privacy ' that the Founders enshrined in the Fourth Amendment . " Leon 's ruling said the "  plaintiffs in this case have also shown a strong likelihood of success on the merits of a Fourth Amendment claim , " adding "  as such , they too have adequately demonstrated irreparable injury . " He rejected the government 's argument that a 1979 Maryland case provided precedent for the constitutionality of collecting phone metadata , noting that public use of telephones had increased dramatically in the past three decades . Leon also noted that the government "  does not cite a single instance in which analysis of the NSA 's bulk metadata collection actually stopped an imminent attack , or otherwise aided the government in achieving any objective that was time-sensitive in nature . " However , he put off enforcing his order barring the government from collecting the information , pending an appeal by the government . A Justice Department spokesman said Monday that "  we believe the program is constitutional as previous judges have found , " but said the ruling is being studied . Democratic Sen. Mark Udall of Colorado , a critic of the NSA data mining , said Leon 's ruling showed that "  the bulk collection of Americans ' phone records conflicts with Americans ' privacy rights under the U.S. Constitution and has failed to make us safer . " He called on Congress to pass legislation he proposed to "  ensure the NSA focuses on terrorists and spies - and not innocent Americans . " Explosive revelations earlier this year by Snowden , a former NSA contractor , triggered new debate about national security and privacy interests in the aftermath of the September 2001 terrorist attacks . Snowden 's revelations led to more public disclosure about the secretive legal process that sets in motion the government surveillance . In a statement distributed by journalist Glenn Greenwald , who first reported the leaks , Snowden said he acted on the belief that the mass surveillance program would not withstand a constitutional challenge , and that Americans deserved a judicial review . "  Today , a secret program authorized by a secret court was , when exposed to the light of day , found to violate Americans ' rights . It is the first of many , " according to Snowden , who is living in Russia under a grant of asylum to avoid prosecution over the leaks in the United States . Greenwald said the judge 's ruling vindicates what Snowden did . "  I think it 's not only the right , but the duty of an American citizen in Edward Snowden 's situation to come forward , at great risk to himself , and inform his fellow citizens about what it is their government is doing in the dark that is illegal , " the journalist told CNN 's "  Anderson Cooper 360 " Monday night . The NSA has admitted it received secret court approval to collect vast amounts of metadata from telecom giant Verizon and leading Internet companies , including Microsoft , Apple , Google , Yahoo and Facebook . The case before Leon involved approval for surveillance in April by a judge at the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court  FISC  , a secret body that handles individual requests for electronic surveillance for "  foreign intelligence purposes . " Verizon Business Network Services turned over the metadata to the government . Leon 's ruling comes as the Obama administration completes a review of NSA surveillance in the aftermath of the Snowden leaks . CNN 's Jake Tapper reported Monday that tech company executives would meet with President Barack Obama at the White House on Tuesday to discuss the issue . Obama plans to sit down with Tim Cook of Apple and Eric Schmidt of Google , as well as executives from Twitter , Microsoft , Facebook , Salesforce , Netflix , Etsy , Dropbox , Yahoo! , Zynga , Sherpa Global , Comcast , LinkedIn and AT&T , a White House official said . Some of those companies issued a joint letter last week calling on the government to change its surveillance policies in the wake of the Snowden revelations . Last month , the Supreme Court refused to take up the issue when it denied a separate petition , which was filed by the Electronic Information Privacy Center . Prior lawsuits against the broader NSA program also have been unsuccessful . Days after the Snowden disclosure in June , some Verizon customers filed legal challenges in the D.C. federal court . The left-leaning American Civil LIberties Union also filed a separate , pending suit in New York federal court . Under the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act of the 1970s , the secret courts were set up to grant certain types of government requests -- wiretapping , data analysis , and other monitoring of possible terrorists and spies operating in the United States . The Patriot Act that Congress passed after the 9/11 attacks broadened the government 's ability to conduct anti-terrorism surveillance in the United States and abroad , eventually including the metadata collection . In order to collect the information , the government has to demonstrate that it 's "  relevant " to an international terrorism investigation . However , the 1978 FISA law lays out exactly what the special court must decide : "  A judge considering a petition to modify or set aside a nondisclosure order may grant such petition only if the judge finds that there is no reason to believe that disclosure may endanger the national security of the United States , interfere with a criminal , counterterrorism , or counterintelligence investigation , interfere with diplomatic relations , or endanger the life or physical safety of any person . " In defending the program , NSA Director Gen. Keith Alexander told the Senate Judiciary Committee last week that "  15 separate judges of the FISA Court have held on 35 occasions that Section 215  of the Patriot Act  authorizes the collection of telephony metadata in bulk in support of counterterrorism investigations . " Initially , telecommunications companies such as Verizon , were the targets of legal action against Patriot Act provisions . Congress later gave retroactive immunity to those private businesses . The revelations of the NSA program and the inner workings of the FISC court came after Snowden leaked documents to the Guardian newspaper . Snowden fled to Hong Kong and then Russia to escape U.S. prosecution . The case is Klayman v. Obama  13-cv-881  .	Snowden says he knew the surveillance would not withstand legal review The limited ruling opens the door to possible further legal challenges The NSA data-mining can continue , pending a likely appeal Classified leaks by Edward Snowden revealed the extent of the data-mining
Blair , West Virginia  CNN  -- We 're at the peak of Blair Mountain in the middle of southern West Virginia . It 's about 85 degrees , the coolest it has been all week , and there 's a slight breeze that carries voices before we can see the singers . "  This land is your land . This land is my land . " More than 600 dusty , sweaty people are singing as they hike through the hardwoods up the mountain . Their protest signs -- "  Save Blair Mountain " and "  Abolish Mountaintop Removal " -- poke through the leaves . The song is a Woody Guthrie tune , the one that became a folk anthem of sorts in the 1960s , and it seems very appropriate for this moment . "  As I went walking that ribbon of highway , I saw above me that endless skyway , " the marchers continue . See a preview of "  Battle for Blair Mountain : Working in America " About 150 people in this group have been walking the twisting mountain highways through West Virginia 's coal fields for six days . The 50-mile march is re-creating the 1921 March on Blair that led to a bloody battle between thousands of coal miners and coal company supporters . The fight eventually brought unions , along with respectable wages , to the coal mines of West Virginia . But this time , the march is n't about unions . It 's about saving a mountain . It has been organized to oppose "  MTR , " or mountaintop removal , a highly effective type of mining that involves blasting away slopes to get at the profitable coal seams underneath . Coal companies own most of the land rights on Blair Mountain now , and they have fought national historic landmark status for the site , which would protect it from being destroyed . "  If you stand for preserving our cultural heritage instead of destroying it , you stand for Blair Mountain , " Chuck Keeney said to his followers before he led marchers out of Marmet , West Virginia , last week . Keeney is a history professor at the local community college , and the great grandson of Frank Keeney , one of the organizers of the original March on Blair . Chuck believes in replacing mountaintop removal with more traditional underground mining , which he says will employ more people . "  If you stand for more jobs instead of fewer jobs , you stand for Blair Mountain , " he says . But this is coal country , where families and fortunes depend on coal jobs , and most people who live here believe the opposite of what Keeney says . "  Why do n't they get a job , instead of taking ours , " one young coal miner watching from his porch asks . Ten miles from their destination , group organizers , and even miners opposed to the march , tell us that the protesters have now entered "  the belly of the beast . " "  Do n't Support Coal ? ... Sit in the Dark !! " reads one of many homemade signs hung on fences and porches along the route . Coal is used to generate about half of the electricity consumed in the United States , and West Virginia is the second largest producer of that coal . Wyoming is first . "  I do n't want to ruin the entire West Virginia economy , which is based on the coal industry . That is not my goal , " a young activist said during the march . "  I just do n't want to see coal mining that destroys rivers , drives away the biodiversity of such a beautiful place and also drives away other jobs that could be in place of coal mining . " She is surprised when told that her environmental stance against coal is interpreted by local miners as attempt to take away their jobs . Bob Shultz is a union miner watching the march from his front porch . He lost his job when the coal company near his home was denied a mountaintop removal mining permit by the Environmental Protection Agency . "  Mountaintop removal is what built this house , sends that little girl to school , provides insurance for my wife , bought two cars and that motorcycle I showed you in the garage . I 'm not real impressed , " he says as the marchers pass . Joe Stanley is one of a handful of miners who have joined the protest . The retired miner believes more miners would be involved in this march if they were n't afraid . "  This is a tough situation here . This is the only game in town , " he tells us . "  That is why these people are yelling at us today , because they are brainwashed to think ` Oh , I ca n't have a job unless it 's a mountaintop removal job . ' " "  Welcome to Coal Country " says a sign greeting the marchers as they cross the Logan County line . Three generations of protesters gather at the entrance to a public lake where the marchers plan to camp that night . What toddlers , parents and grandparents scream and shout at the protesters can only be described as hateful . They seem almost oblivious to our cameraman . One mother utters in earshot , "  I wonder if they hate us as much as we hate them ? " A toddler at her feet screams , "  Go home , go home , " as the long line of marchers file by silently . We find Diann Kish , the wife of a retired miner , at the counter-protest . She has defended coal for more than a decade and feels strongly that coal has provided for her family and her community . We have met with Kish before and visited a mountaintop removal site with her . She told us she does n't cry when she sees a mountain being dismantled because she sees "  a job in the making . " "  It 's been wonderful to talk to the opposition with no violence , " Kish said along the marchers ' route . "  Peace -- it 's all we want . From what I 'm told , they 're not allowed to say anything back . We just told them to go home or leave our state alone . That 's what we want and that 's from the heart . " The marchers arrive at their destination and host a large rally before climbing Blair Mountain . One of the speakers is Robert Kennedy Jr. , an environmental activist and son of the late Sen. Robert Kennedy . Standing nearby , listening to Kennedy , is Billy Smutko . He remembers when Robert Kennedy 's father came through Logan in 1960 campaigning for John F. Kennedy during the presidential election . Smutko is the son of a miner . His grandfather died in a Logan County mine . He lives on the same land where he grew up , just behind where Diann Kish lives now . But his view of mountaintop removal is completely different from hers . He is touched when he hears Kennedy 's speech , and tells us that it shows people beyond Logan County care about an issue so important to him . "  Having all these folks come in here gives me hope we can put an end to this type of mining and save our homelands , " he said . The new "  March on Blair Mountain " ends in song and celebration at the top of the mountain . Organizers erect a homemade monument to commemorate the original battle for Blair and congratulate the crowd for their long journey . In a final act of protest , about 100 marchers break off from the larger group as part of a planned act of civil disobedience . They climb over a gate that blocks a dirt road running along the ridge line . They attempt to walk out to the edge of a mountaintop removal site that has already encroached on the historic battlefield . State police officers pursue the protesters but only arrest one person for trespassing and littering on coal company property . March organizer Chuck Keeney sums up the march as a success for raising awareness , but wants to do more to make sure there is no mountaintop mining of Blair . "  If you ca n't save this mountain , " he said , "  you ca n't save any mountain . "	Protesters marched to oppose mountain removal mining on West Virginia 's Blair Mountain Supporters say mountaintop removal creates jobs and energy "  The Battle for Blair Mountain " airs at 8 p.m. ET/PT Aug. 14
CNN  -- Pressure is growing for world leaders to respond to Syria 's brutal crackdown on anti-regime protests . Earlier this week , the United Nations ' Commissioner for Human Rights , Navi Pillay , said more than 5,000 people had been killed in Syria since the uprising began in March . The Syrian government has issued activists in the restive city of Homs an ultimatum : Cease their protests , or face bombardment , prompting fears of an increase in hostilities . Human rights activists have called for an international response to the violence -- but some diplomats have warned that any intervention could make the situation worse . Mousab Azzawi , of the London-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights , said events in Syria amounted to a "  humanitarian crisis , " just like that seen in Libya prior to the NATO intervention , and that the situation merited a similar response . "  When the international community went to Libya to protect civilians , were they deceiving -LSB- everyone -RSB- ? " he told CNN 's Connect the World . "  Because if the principle of protecting civilians is the motivation of the international community , what happens in Syria is no different from what happened in Libya -- it 's the same atrocities , the same tyranny and the same crimes against humanity committed there . " But Oliver Miles , a former British ambassador to Libya , said there was no comparison between the two countries -- or between Syria and Iraq , another high-profile example of international intervention . "  Syria is different in many , many ways . Iraq was invaded by a foreign government , and seven , eight years later , is in ruins , " he said . "  Libya was not invaded by a foreign government ; in Libya there was an uprising which so far seems to have succeeded in overthrowing a tyranny and is on the way to building something to replace that tyranny . "  Syria bears no resemblance to either of them . Syria is a larger country than Libya , it 's a more complicated country than Libya , it does n't offer any scope for foreign intervention . " Refugees seek shelter in Lebanon Miles said politicians and diplomats were unlikely to take major action against the Syrian regime without backing from the U.N. -- and that such support was unlikely . "  I think the situation in Syria is absolutely dreadful , and if I could think of a way that the British government , or any other government , or the United Nations could intervene effectively , I would be all for it , but I think intervention would probably make things worse , " he told CNN . "  When foreign air forces started to take part in the Libyan struggle back in March , they had a clear mandate from the United Nations , which meant that under international law , what we did could be argued to be legal . "  There is no possibility whatsoever that we will get a mandate from the United Nations to intervene in Syria as things stand at the moment . " But Azzawi said such pragmatic attitudes were making the situation worse , accusing foreign powers who failed to act of "  participating in the bloodshed in Syria " by default . And he said he feared the influence of Syrian military defectors , the Free Syrian Army , on the protests -- unless the fighters were offered international support . "  The numbers of the Free Syrian Army -- without being supported by the international community -- is so small now , and the big risk is when these peaceful demonstrators are tempted by the FSA to hold arms and then we move to a stage of militarizing the uprising , which is a very big risk . "  The people in Syria are trying hard to stick to the principle of peacefulness , " he said . "  I do n't think that will last forever , but if we have militarization of the uprising , then we will heed to a civil war and I think this is the last thing the international community wants to see in Syria , because any civil war in Syria would be spreading very quickly to the neighboring countries . " CNN 's Max Foster contributed to this report	Human rights activists call for an international response to violence in Syria Diplomats say intervention could make situation worse U.N. says more than 5,000 people had been killed in Syria since the uprising began
As president and editor-in-chief of The Huffington Post , you would expect Arianna Huffington to be living her life at 100 mph . Not so , she says  although she is often spotted running from event to event gripping multiple smartphones while tweeting at the same time  . In fact , Huffington , founder of the Huffington Post Media Group , is on a mission to persuade us all to slow down . She describes herself as a "  sleep evangelist , " has nap rooms in her offices at the AOL headquarters in New York and tries to start every day with meditation . "  I 've been meditating for years but now I 'm increasingly making it part of my daily routine , " she said . In fact , she jokingly says she slept her way to the top . "  There is that special glow after a good night 's sleep when you feel really in the zone . You feel like ` Bring it on -- you know I can handle anything ! ' " International Women 's Day : Whose words inspire you ? For a woman so successful , it is of course a mission with a business opportunity . The Huffington Post has a new "  Less Stress More Living " lifestyle section and the company recently launched an iPhone app called "  GPS for the Soul , " at the Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas . "  I am obsessed with stress reduction , " said Huffington . "  We  The Huffington Post  are now moving into lifestyle and growing our offering in that department , especially at a time when we are recognizing more and more the dangers of stress . " Huffington , 62 , founded Huffington Post in 2005 , and two years ago sold it to AOL for $ 315 million . She and AOL CEO Tim Armstrong inked the deal during halftime at the Super Bowl . She was listed on Time Magazine 's "  Time 100 " list of the world 's 100 most influential people in 2006 and 2011 , and among Forbes "  100 Most Powerful Women " for the past three years . Huffington Post now has editions in six countries , launched a HuffPost Live streaming network last year and has plans to expand into Japan and Brazil . "  I started with wanting to create a site that was incredibly engaging , " said Huffington . "  And the timing was great , I loved my work , working hard does n't feel like drudgery . "  And then I think we made some really smart moves , the acquisition was an incredibly smart move , moving internationally was really the right moment . " Huffington was born in Athens , Greece ,  she jokingly calls herself a "  Greek peasant girl "  and moved to the UK at age 16 , winning a place at Cambridge University to study economics . "  My mother would tell me from a very young age never to be afraid of failing , " she said . "  I was absolutely fine taking risks . Trying to get into Cambridge when everybody said you 'll never get in , or writing my first book when I was 23 . "  A lot of things that were likely to fail and many did fail . I mean my first book did well , my second book was rejected by 36 publishers . " She has now written 13 books . Her advice ? Embrace failure , she said . "  You can recognize very often that out of these projects that may not have succeeded themselves that other successes are built . " Also on Leading Women : Goodbye ` celluloid ceiling ' : Female directors take center stage While at Cambridge , Huffington became president of its prestigious Cambridge Union debating society , but said she initially struggled to be accepted . "  I was terrible , " she said . "  My accent , if you can believe it , was even heavier . In the UK having a foreign accent at the time especially was still seen as really alien . "  Learning to debate was definitely on that young Arianna 's dream list . "  Therefore I was prepared to stay up late , be ridiculed , whatever it took . I was determined to learn to speak . " Huffington moved to the United States in 1980 , where she found her accent was more easily accepted . "  I remember Henry Kissinger saying to me ` do n't worry about your accent , in American public life you can never overestimate the advantages of incomprehensibility . ' " In more than three decades since moving to the United States , Huffington 's influence on public life has grown exponentially . In 2003 , she stood against Arnold Schwarzenegger as an independent candidate for governor of California . She rejects political definitions of left and right  although she is widely viewed as a staunch liberal these days  , but has plenty of advice for President Barack Obama . "  For me the biggest crisis that 's not being addressed at the moment in Washington is youth unemployment . "  It 's the fact that 50 % of college graduates either ca n't get a job or are doing a job for which they would n't have needed a college degree . "  That 's not sustainable . That really goes against the American dream , which is based on the assumption that you work hard , you play by the rules and then you do well . " Huffington is divorced with two daughters in their 20s . Her biggest hope for her daughters ' generation is that they will feel less pressure . "  I think especially as women we need to recognize that feeling pressure is completely self imposed , " she said . "  We women suffer more than men what I call the obnoxious roommate living in our head , which is that critical voice that constantly judges us , according to which we are never good enough . "  One of the advantages of growing older is that you stop looking over your shoulder , you stop feeling that pressure . "  My only hope for younger women like my daughters is why not feel that earlier . "	Arianna Huffington founded one of the world 's most successful media companies , The Huffington Post , in 2005 She sold the company to AOL for $ 315 million two years ago She describes herself as a "  sleep evangelist " and obsessed with stress reduction
CNN  -- Perhaps you 've been to the Everglades , toured Yosemite or visited Point Reyes National Seashore and discovered the glorious nature and historical events celebrated and protected by our national parks . Ever been to the longest cave in the world ? Or the longest stretch of undeveloped barrier islands in the world ? Known to many national park aficionados who collect park passport stamps , the lesser-known national parks throughout the country are also worthy of your visit . Parks will have special programming during National Park Week , April 21-29 . And parks that charge admission will waive their fees that week , adding to their allure . "  The options are endless -- view spectacular scenery , see where history happened , take a hike , go on a picnic or look for wildlife , " said Jonathan B. Jarvis , director of the National Park Service . "  Be sure to ` picture yourself in a national park ' this week and share your photos , videos , and stories at www.nationalparkweek.org . " Think a national park is too far away ? Every U.S. state except Delaware has at least one national park , as do Puerto Rico , Guam , American Samoa and the Virgin Islands . In celebration of National Park Week and Earth Day on April 22 , here are our suggestions for heading back to nature . Canyon De Chelly  Arizona  : For nearly 5,000 years , people have lived uninterrupted in Canyon De Chelly National Park , longer than anyplace else on the Colorado Plateau . About 40 Navajo families live within the park boundaries , farming the land and raising livestock . The Park Service and the Navajo Nation jointly manage the park , and during National Park Week , there will be free ranger-led hikes and programs . Other tours are self-guided and free , but some require a Navajo guide and a fee . The visitor center includes a silversmith demonstration area . Camping is available . Mammoth Cave National Park  Kentucky  : Take a tour of the longest cave in the world at Mammoth Cave National Park in south-central Kentucky , where 390 miles of cave passages have already been explored . A couple of the cave tours will be free during National Park Week .  Tour tickets are still required , so make sure to call for a reservation or get tickets at the visitor center .  There will also be special walks and activities for Wildflower Day on April 21 and Junior Ranger Day on April 28 . There is also boating , canoeing , fishing , camping and horseback riding in the park . Biscayne National Park  Florida  : Minutes from the hustle and bustle of Miami , Biscayne National Park is an incredible combination of 10,000 years of human history and four different ecosystems that have come together in this protected area . First-time visitors to the park can enjoy a free daily ranger-led tour or a free two - to three-hour canoe tour every Monday , Wednesday and Friday through April . Boat tours are also available through independent companies  fees vary  . Experienced adult outdoor enthusiasts can book an all-day kayak trip every Saturday through April  cost is $ 89  . Most of the park is covered by water , but do n't simply motor up in your own boat or forget to plan ahead . The time of year determines , in part , what 's available to do at the park . Padre Island National Seashore  Texas  : It 's the longest section of undeveloped barrier island in the world . Spain , Mexico and the Republic of Texas all laid claim to Padre Island , which was finally taken over by the United States after the Mexican-American War  1845-1848  . The island was named after Spanish priest Padre Nicolas Brill , who established the first permanent settlement there around 1804 . Sea turtle nesting season started April 1 , and sea turtle hatchling releases may start in late May .  Call the Hatchling Hotline at 361-949-7163 for more information .  There are also free ranger talks , birding tours and even a Saturday night stargazing party . The park also has no-reservations camping , fishing , bring-your-own bike biking and swimming . Think kid friendly : While most national parks have "  kid friendly " recommendations , the parks will turn their attention to even more children 's events with National Kids to Parks Day on Saturday , May 19 . There will be events at many of the nation 's parks and even outside the parks .  Delaware , which has no national parks , still has two nature-filled events that day . "  Kids love nature , and nature needs kids because without kids who love nature , we 'll have no grownups left to protect it , " said Jennifer Emmett , editorial director of National Geographic Kids Books . "  I have three kids , and they love to be outside . Experiencing nature is really inspiring for them , and it 's really important to get them outside of their daily life and into the woods or beach . " Emmett has a few recommendations from the latest edition of "  National Geographic Kids National Parks Guide USA . " She likes the ranger-led nighttime "  owl prowls " at Congaree National Park in South Carolina . "  Also keep your eyes peeled for bobcats , river otter and wild pigs . " At Isle Royale National Park in Michigan , she recommends exploring by canoe or backpacking into the backcountry , where you can sometimes spot moose and foxes . "  In July and August , you can pick blueberries and thimbleberries in the park 's lush green meadows , " she said . Virgin Islands National Park boasts an underwater nature trail in Trunk Bay . "  Take a snorkel hike ! Park animal sightings include sea turtles , pelicans and mongooses . " Pick the park closest to you : Head to the National Park Service website and plug in your state to find the park nearest to your home . If nature is n't your thing , chances are you 'll find many national park historic sites in urban and suburban areas . And if you need a guidebook to help you choose which of the 58 scenic national parks is right for you , try the latest edition of the "  National Geographic Guide to National Parks of the United States , " or visit the National Geographic national parks website . Dress right : Check a park 's website or your guidebook to see if you 'll need suntan lotion , warmer clothes for cave exploration , hiking shoes for hikes at higher elevations , bug spray for heading into swamps or other necessities , says National Geographic 's Emmett . And know your child 's stamina for longer walks or thinner air at higher elevations . Get the free app : The National Park Service now has a free app that will help you plan your park trips and track which of the 397 national parks you 've already visited  even adding your photos and thoughts  . The app also helps National Park Passport holders find passport stamp cancellation stations within the national parks to record which parks they visited and when .  Most national parks participate in the program .  The app is available for iPhones and iPads , and an Android app is in development . What 's your favorite national park or other spot to enjoy nature ? Share your recommendations in the comments section below . CNN 's Anika Chin contributed to this report .	Hike on the Colorado Plateau , where humans have lived for nearly 5,000 years Explore the 390 miles of documented underground cave passages in Kentucky Sea turtle nesting has begun on Padre Island in Texas ; hatchling releases may start in May Look for bobcats , otters and wild pigs at South Carolina 's Congaree National Park
The national controversy over a surge of Central American immigrants illegally crossing the U.S. border established a new battleground this week in a Southern California small town where angry crowds thwarted detained migrants from entering their community . In a faceoff Tuesday with three buses carrying the migrants behind screened-off windows , the demonstrators chanted "  Go back home ! " and "  USA " and successfully forced the coaches to leave Murrieta , CNN affiliate KFMB reported . The buses instead took the 140 or so undocumented immigrants to U.S. processing centers at least 80 miles away , in the San Diego and El Centro areas , federal officials say . Counter-protesters squared off with the demonstrators , and a shouting match erupted over the nation 's immigration system , which recently has been overwhelmed with a tide of Central American minors illegally entering the United States alone or with other children . A mix of poverty , violence and smugglers ' false promises is prompting the Central American inflow . Unlike undocumented Mexican migrants , who are often immediately deported , the U.S. government detains and processes the Central Americans , who are eventually released and given a month to report to immigration offices . Many never show up and join the nation 's 11 million undocumented population , says the National Border Patrol Council , the union representing Border Patrol agents . The Latin American immigrants rejected by Murrieta protesters were initially held in Texas , where U.S. facilities are so overflowing that detainees are sent to other states for processing . The government does n't have the room to shelter the children with adults : there 's only one family immigration detention center , in Pennsylvania . To assist the unaccompanied children , President Barack Obama 's administration opened shelters last month on three military bases because federal facilities more designed for adults were overrun with minors . Tuesday 's busloads of detained Central American immigrants did n't include any unaccompanied minors , said Murrieta Police Chief Sean Hadden , who put the number of protesters at 125 . The children on the buses were apparently in the company of relatives or other adults , said an official with the National Border Patrol Council . ` Deport ! Deport ! ' The protesters , who shouted "  Impeach Obama ! " and "  Deport ! Deport ! " confronted the buses a day after the town posted a notice on its website : "  Murrieta Opposes Illegal Immigrant Arrival . " "  This is a failure to enforce federal law at the federal level , " Mayor Alan Long said in a statement Monday about the pending arrival of the 140 immigrants to the U.S. Border Patrol station . "  Murrieta continues to object to the transfer of illegal immigrants to the local border patrol office . " Long spoke to CNN 's "  Anderson Cooper 360 " later Wednesday . "  It 's not against the immigrants , " he said . "  They 're trying to leave a less desirable place and come to the greatest nation in the world . We ca n't blame them for that ... No one 's protesting that . What we 're protesting is the product of a broken system that finally reached the doorstep of our community . " Long said that neither side in the national debate is coming up with a solution : "  The problem still is there . The problem is in Washington , D.C. " The local controversy was to continue with a town hall meeting scheduled for 6:30 p.m PT Wednesday . The U.S. government is scheduled to send another group of undocumented immigrants to Murrieta for processing on Friday , the union official for Border Patrol agents said . Chief Hadden also said he was told to expect 140 immigrants every 72 hours , with the next group scheduled to arrive on Friday , the Fourth of July . Earlier Wednesday , immigration rights advocates denounced the protesters . "  It is deplorable that people espousing anti-immigrant hate language created unnecessary tension and fear for immigrant mothers and their children , " Pedro Rios , a community representative of the San Diego Immigrant Rights Consortium , said in a statement . "  Even more concerning is that elected officials in the City of Murrieta instigated this tension . Mothers and their children on these buses have suffered through enough trauma . " At a Murrieta City Council meeting Tuesday night , Long seemed more conciliatory than his statement posted a day earlier on the city 's website . Long thanked police and others . "  Please remember these are human beings that are fleeing the violence in their home countries , " Long said . "  The problem is that they need to come into this country the legal way . " Journey from Texas The U.S. government earlier flew the 140 Central American immigrants from south Texas to San Diego . Federal agents were busing them to Murrieta for processing at the Border Patrol station when the standoff took place Tuesday , CNN affiliates reported . After the buses turned around , the 140 immigrants were taken to the U.S. Border Patrol 's San Ysidro station in San Diego , said Ron Zermeno of the National Border Patrol Council On Wednesday , Zermeno told CNN that at least 136 immigrants were fed and screened . Among the group , 10 children were taken to local hospitals , though it 's unclear why , Zermeno said . Seven more children were diagnosed with active scabies , an itchy and highly contagious skin disease . Those children are being kept separate from the others at the San Ysidro station , he said . Seventeen of the immigrants were taken to the Boulevard station in eastern San Diego County , Zermeno said . The U.S. government is struggling to detain and accommodate an influx of undocumented immigrants , particularly a wave of unaccompanied children from the Central American countries of El Salvador , Guatemala and Honduras . The U.S. government does n't have enough beds , food or sanitary facilities . Authorities estimate 60,000 to 80,000 children without parents will cross the border this year in what the White House has called an "  immediate humanitarian crisis . " To help relieve crowded facilities in Texas , undocumented immigrants are now being sent elsewhere to be processed . But Zermeno contended that processing immigrants , rather than enforcing the borders , is only making the situation worse . "  My concern is they are going to be eating in the same holding cells as someone sitting five feet away using the bathroom , " he said . Intense debate The furor in Murrieta illustrated the conflict between protecting the borders and ensuring the safety of detained immigrants and children . Protester Ellen Meeks said the country 's identity has eroded with an influx of undocumented immigrants . "  I just wish America would be America again because it 's not , and it 's not just pointed to the Hispanics , " Meeks said . "  Everybody needs to go through the legal ways . " Other protesters told CNN affiliate KGTV said they wanted immigrants to follow the legal process to enter the United States . "  Everybody that wants to come to this nation is entitled to , but they should come the right way , " Bob Cuccio told the news outlet . "  You bring in all these children and they 're going to take over our schools , " Bel Reeves added . "  What 's going to happen to the kids that were born and raised here ? " But immigration rights advocate Enrique Morones likened the migration to a refugee crisis and suggested racial antipathy was motivating protesters . "  If these children were from Canada , we would not be having this interview , " Morones said . "  The parents have had enough . They are saying , ` If I do n't send my child north , they are going to die . ' " Last month , the Obama administration unveiled a plan to spend almost $ 100 million in aid to Guatemala , Honduras and El Salvador to help reintegrate the undocumented migrants whom the United States will deport , and to help keep them in their home countries . The administration also will set aside $ 161.5 million this year for the Central American Regional Security Initiative  CARSI  programs in an effort to "  help stem migration flows as well as address the root cause of the migration , " the White House said . The Obama administration has accused syndicates in Latin America of waging a deliberate campaign of misinformation about relocating to the United States that has caused people in poor Central American countries and Mexico to risk their lives to cross the U.S. border illegally . Obama to take executive action on immigration Vargas : Undocumented and hiding in plain sight Crossroads of hope and fear : Stories from a desert bus station	"  The problem still is there . The problem is in Washington , D.C. , " says Murrieta mayor Immigrant rights advocate denounces "  anti-immigrant hate language " 140 undocumented Central American immigrants arrive in California from Texas Protesters block them from being processed at the Murrieta Border Patrol station
CNN  -- British guitarist Eric Clapton added a few million pounds to his fortune Friday , when a painting out of his private collection garnered a record sum at auction in London . "  Abstraktes Bild  809-4  " by German painter Gerhard Richter sold for more than $ 34 million , the highest price ever for work by a living artist , Sotheby 's said . The record sum ballooned the monetary value of the painting by over tenfold from its previous auction price in 2001 , when it sold within a group of three paintings from the 809 series that together fetched a total of $ 3,415,750 . In a five-minute bidding battle , an unnamed caller beat out two competitors , who also phoned in their offers , to take Richter 's work , which translates into English as "  Abstract Picture  809-4  " , for up to double the sum the auction house estimated it would take . Clapton memorabilia auction nets $ 1.77 million Sotheby 's originally placed the current value of the 1994 oil on canvas work at anywhere between $ 14 and $ 19 million , well below the final record bid of $ 34,190,756 . The old record for a work by a living artist was set in May 2010 , when American artist Jasper John 's painting "  Flag , " a depiction of the Stars and Stripes , sold for $ 28,642,500 at Christie 's in New York , the auction house said . The record-breaking painting is one in a sequence of four . Another from Richter 's 809 series , "  Abstraktes Bild  809-2  " fetched $ 3,119,403 at the same auction on Friday , Sotheby 's said . Two additional artists achieved career record sums for their works at the auction , though nowhere near the mammoth figure Richter 's 809-4 took . A painting titled "  MLR " by German artist Isa Genzken went for $ 425,355 and "  Endless Knott " by Tibetan artist Gonkar Gyatso pulled down $ 271,409 . Richter , who is 80 , is famous for dreamlike photo realistic paintings but also for colorful abstract works . He created his 809 series by painting abstract images with mainly primary colors then scraping over them with a squeegee-like object . Richter has compared art to "  the religious search for God , " in a collection of his quotes published on his website . Richter holds all artists in the highest religious esteem : "  Now there are no priests or philosophers left , artists are the most important people in the world , " according to a quote on his website from 1966 . As to who may be the most important living artist - at least now the money is on Richter .	Oil on canvas painting by Gerhard Richter fetches $ 34 million An unnamed telephone bidder made the winning offer The painting sold for one-tenth as much in 2001 The work of two other artists fetched career record sums
KABUL , Afghanistan  CNN  -- Up to 30,000 additional U.S. troops could be sent to Afghanistan next year , military officials said Saturday . Helicopters are the main transportation of the U.S. military in Afghanistan , with its high mountain terrain . Roughly 31,000 U.S. troops currently are in Afghanistan . Of the additional troops , 20,000 will comprise four ground/maneuvering brigades , said Col. Gregory Julian , spokesman for U.S. forces in Afghanistan . That number is consistent with what Gen. David McKiernan , the U.S. commander in Afghanistan , called for in October , he said . The additional 10,000 likely refers to support personnel , Julian said . McKiernan requested the additional 20,000 troops be sent to fight the increasing violence by the resurgent Taliban forces in the southern and eastern parts of the country . On Friday , military officials said Defense Secretary Robert Gates signed a deployment order to move an additional 3,000 troops to Afghanistan next year . Those troops will be part of a combat aviation brigade , the latest approved by Gates for the expected buildup of U.S. troops in the country in 2009 . The brigade will send a number of much-needed helicopters to the region . Helicopters are the main mode of transportation for the U.S. military in Afghanistan , where high mountain roads and passes make it difficult for large transport vehicles to move troops and supplies . The additional troops would nearly double the level of U.S. troops in Afghanistan . Troop levels are likely to be maintained at this increased level for three to four years , Julian said Saturday , as U.S. forces continue to try to "  clear and hold " more parts of Afghanistan from insurgents and militants and train Afghan military and police to be self-sufficient .	20,000 in four ground/maneuvering brigades , said U.S. forces spokesman The additional 10,000 likely refers to support personnel , said spokesman On Friday , Defense Secretary ordered 3,000 troops to Afghanistan for next year
CNN  -- Two U.S. lawmakers have urged U.S. Army Secretary Peter Geren to recognize 350 American soldiers held as slaves by Nazi Germany during World War II , saying "  these heroes have not received the recognition and honor they deserve . " Bernard "  Jack " Vogel died in a Nazi slave camp in the arms of a fellow U.S. soldier , Anthony Acevedo , in 1945 . "  As Anthony Acevedo , one of the soldiers chosen , recently described to CNN , the Nazis picked those soldiers who looked Jewish , had a Jewish name or were considered ` undesirable , ' " Reps. Joe Baca , D-California , and Spencer Bachus , R-Alabama , said in a letter sent to Geren last week . "  The trials and sacrifices made by those detained have largely gone unrecognized even to this day . As proud Americans , we wish to recognize and honor them for their service . " Both congressmen have pushed for a congressional resolution to honor the 350 soldiers held at Berga an der Elster , a subcamp of Buchenwald where dozens of American soldiers were beaten , starved and killed . Baca and Bachus say they will continue to fight for the resolution . Listen as Acevedo tells brother of victim : "  I had him in my arms " " Army spokesman Paul Boyce told CNN that the Army is in the process of responding to the congressional letter . "  The U.S. Army has recognized hundreds of thousands of veterans of World War II and has expressed interest in this group 's history to see what could be done , " he said . Anthony Acevedo was a 20-year-old medic when he was sent to Berga with the other soldiers in February 1945 . Acevedo kept a diary that details the day-to-day events inside the camp and lists the names and prisoner numbers of men as they died or were executed . Open up the pages of Acevedo 's diary " The soldiers were put on a forced death march in April 1945 as American troops neared . For much of that march , Acevedo pushed a wooden cart with emaciated men inside . Many of them died . "  More of our men died , so fast that you could n't keep track of their numbers , " Acevedo wrote on April 19 , 1945 , four days before he was liberated by advancing U.S. troops . Asked what it would mean if the U.S. Army officially recognized the soldiers of Berga six decades later , Acevedo , now 84 , wept . "  This is for all the fellas , " he said . Norman Fellman , another Berga survivor , was one of the men on the wooden cart pushed by Acevedo so many years ago . He said that wounded men and corpses were stacked on top of him -- and that he believed he could survive just one more day when he was liberated on April 23 , 1945 . "  There 's a certain amount of pain involved when the country you serve fails to acknowledge the conditions under which you were kept , " Fellman told CNN . There are only 12 known Berga survivors still living . It is difficult to ascertain exactly how many of the 350 U.S. soldiers died in captivity and on the subsequent death march . CNN has cross-checked a list of the names of 70 dead soldiers provided to the U.S. War Department after the war with the names of the dead listed in Acevedo 's diary . Watch as a soldier 's diary sheds light on atrocities " It appears the death toll was well over 100 , roughly one in three soldiers . Acevedo says that more than 300 U.S. soldiers were alive at the start of the march , and that about 165 were left by the end . He says he was unable to keep track of the dead in the final days because soldiers were dying too fast . "  At Berga , captured soldiers were forced to endure inhumane conditions and suffer from the Nazi policy of physical destruction through labor , " Baca and Bachus said in their letter to Geren . "  Over 100 American soldiers either died at Berga or on the death march from the camp -- the highest number of American fatalities at any German camp . " The two Berga commanders -- Erwin Metz and his superior , Hauptmann Ludwig Merz -- were tried for war crimes and initially sentenced to die by hanging . But the U.S. government commuted their death sentences in 1948 , and both men were eventually set free in the 1950s . U.S. soldiers who survived captivity were interviewed by the U.S. Military Intelligence Service in Europe after they were liberated . Before they were sent home , they signed a document that instructed them to never speak about their captivity . "  Some activities of American prisoners of war within German prison camps must remain secret not only for the duration of the war against the present enemies of the United States but in peace-time as well , " the document says . "  The interests of American prisoners of war in the event of future wars , moreover , demand that the secrets of this war be vigorously safeguarded . " When Acevedo finally returned home , little had prepared him for his own father 's reaction . "  My dad told me I was a coward , " he said . Baca and Bachus said men like Acevedo deserve the respect of the nation : "  We are writing to you to encourage the Department of the Army to acknowledge the heroism and sacrifice of those soldiers held captive at Berga in a manner appropriate for their service . It would be an honor well-deserved for the remaining survivors and the many colleagues that have gone before them . " Editor 's note : To support the congressmen 's effort , Spencer Bachus has asked for faxes to his Washington office at 202-225-2082 , or send letters to Congressman Spencer Bachus , 2246 Rayburn Building , Washington , D.C. , 20515 .	350 U.S. soldiers were held as slaves at camp in Germany during World War II CNN recently reported on the captivity of one soldier held at Berga an der Elster Congressmen urge Army secretary to honor the "  sacrifices made by those detained " "  As proud Americans , we wish to recognize and honor them for their service "
CNN  -- An Iranian-American ex-Marine accused of spying on his ancestral homeland helped develop an electronic translator for U.S. troops but would n't have been involved in espionage , a onetime colleague said Wednesday . Iranian state television aired what it called a "  confession " by 28-year-old Amir Hekmati over the weekend . His family said Tuesday that he was arrested in August while visiting his grandmother and other relatives in Iran , and that his statement had to have been coerced . "  It just does n't sound like Amir to me , " said Sherri Condon , a software engineer who worked with Hekmati in 2008 and 2009 on an effort to develop a two-way , hand-held electronic translator . Condon was the lead author of a 2008 paper describing the research . She thanks Hekmati in the acknowledgments . She described him as "  an entrepreneurial guy " who sent colleagues a holiday card with a quote from Benjamin Franklin : "  Be always at war with your vices , at peace with your neighbors , and let each new year find you a better man . " "  I really like him , " said Condon , who identified Hekmati from the images released by Iranian state television . "  He was n't too nose-to-the-grindstone , but he really worked and put out good effort on behalf of these programs we worked with . " The work , funded by the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency , was aimed at improving communications between U.S. troops and local populations -- a problem with which Hekmati had grappled during service with the Marines in Iraq . He appeared in a video that touted the "  souped-up iPods , " and he described how American troops sometimes lost hours waiting for a translator to help them pose simple questions . "  He knew enough to be very helpful for us , and he was very helpful to us in terms of understanding the context in which the devices might be used , " Condon said . "  He had the military experience . " The Arizona-born , Michigan-raised Hekmati joined the Marines in August 2001 , after high school . His four-year hitch included an assignment to the Defense Language Institute in Monterey , California , and a six-month deployment in Iraq in 2004 , according to U.S. military records . In 2006 , after leaving the service , he started his own linguistics company and began offering his services as an English-to-Arabic translator , according to Michigan incorporation records . He contracted his services to the military as well as civilian businesses , offering training in cultural competency and working with troops at military bases to promote understanding of and positive communication with people of other cultures , his family said . In 2010 , he spent five months working as a research manager for defense contractor BAE , company spokesman Brian Roehrkasse told CNN . And Condon said Hekmati recently worked for a company that produced language-training material for the U.S. military . The United States and Iran have no direct diplomatic relations , but Hekmati 's family said he made the trip after obtaining permission from the Iranian Interests Section of the Pakistani Embassy in Washington . The interests section has not responded to CNN requests for comment . News of Hekmati 's detention is the latest turn in a series of allegations of espionage and plotting between Washington and Tehran , following the capture of a U.S. surveillance drone by Iran , Iranian claims to have arrested a dozen CIA spies and U.S. allegations that Iran sought to kill Saudi Arabia 's ambassador to the United States . Hekmati 's family said that after his August 29 arrest , Iranian officials told them to remain silent "  with the promise of an eventual release , " but they went public after Iranian television aired the accusations and Hekmati 's statement on Sunday . In Washington , U.S. State Department spokeswoman Victoria Nuland told reporters Tuesday that Hekmati is being falsely accused , but had no further comment . Condon said she fears Hekmati 's military history drew him unwelcome attention in Iran . "  I ca n't begin to imagine what must have been in their minds , but I agree he would n't have been involved in any spying , " she said . She said she has worked with other people who have families in Iran , "  and it 's always scary when they go to visit . " "  They 're always worried , " she said . "  You feel so helpless , because it seems like there 's nothing you can do . " CNN 's Brian Todd and Barbara Starr contributed to this report .	"  It just does n't sound like Amir to me , " a former colleague says Hekmati 's military experience helped in testing translation devices , she says The Arizona-born , Michigan-raised ex-Marine has been jailed in Iran since August Iran accuses him of spying ; his family and U.S. officials say that 's untrue
A body found along a river in suburban Seattle is that of "  August : Osage County " actress Misty Upham , a Washington coroner said late Friday . The cause of her death is still under investigation , the King County Medical Examiner 's Office said . According to the medical examiner 's office , the 32-year old actress died October 5 . A member of Upham 's family found her body during a search for the actress , according to police in Auburn , Washington . It lay at the bottom of a steep embankment near the White River . Even before her body was identified , a purse containing Upham 's ID had been found with the remains , police said . Upham , 32 , was last seen October 5 walking from her sister 's apartment in Muckleshoot , Washington , according to a statement sent to media outlets by her father , Charles Upham . She was reported missing the following day . Actress ' disappearance baffles family Her father said she had bipolar disorder and bouts of depression and anxiety , but he did n't think she was suicidal . "  The truth is Misty is not stressed over money or career . Her career is going great , " he wrote Sunday . "  As her father I do not fear she committed suicide . I feel that she has been hurt by accident or someone has put her in harm 's way . " Upham had small roles in "  Django Unchained " and "  August : Osage County , " and was nominated for an Independent Spirit Award for her performance in 2008 's "  Frozen River . " She 's also had roles in the TV series "  Big Love " and the TV movie "  Skinwalkers . " She was currently shooting a film called "  Crawlspace , " according to the Internet Movie Database . People we 've lost in 2014	Coroner says the cause of death is still under investigation Police say a purse containing Upham 's ID was found with the body Actress was last seen October 5 and reported missing the next day Upham appeared in "  August : Osage County " and "  Frozen River "
CNN  -- When Kate Middleton walked down the aisle and into the British Royal Family last year , she lifted the spirits of nation mired in economic gloom . Now , 19 months after marrying Prince William , the couple has given the country -- and the Commonwealth -- another reason to celebrate . On Monday , the palace announced that the couple is expecting a baby , though the Duchess of Cambridge had been admitted to hospital with severe morning sickness . Latest : William and Catherine expecting royal child The woman carrying the next in line to the British throne after William is the daughter of self-made millionaires from rural England . Catherine , 30 , grew up in a small village of thatched cottages in Bucklebury , around 45 miles west of London . One of three children , Catherine completed her schooling as a boarder at the prestigious Marlborough College before taking a degree in History of Art at St. Andrew 's University in Fife , Scotland , in 2001 . It was there that she met Prince William , then the 19-year-old son of Prince Charles , the heir to the throne , and Princess Diana . Both were studying art history when they met , but Catherine is said to have played a key role in encouraging the prince to switch to a degree in Geography in his second year . The students grew closer after moving into a shared house with two other friends and were said to have started dating in late 2003 . Their status as a couple was made public in March 2004 when they were photographed holidaying together in the Swiss ski resort of Klosters . Their relationship attracted intense media interest and the following year her lawyers filed their first official complaint about media intrusion . Catherine and William baby news sparks media frenzy Such was the level of media interest in the girl "  who could be Queen " that in 2007 , the Guardian newspaper reported that Catherine "  ran the gauntlet of more than 20 press photographers and five television crew as she emerged from her flat . " It was her birthday and rumors had spread that the prince would mark the day with a proposal . The incident was quoted during a UK parliamentary inquiry into the self-regulation of the press and the efficacy of Britain 's Press Complaints Commission Code of Practice . In his testimony , The Sun newspaper 's royal photographer Arthur Edwards described the duchess 's frequent run-ins with the paparazzi . "  She has been stopped at traffic lights , where they climb off their motorbikes and start photographing her . She has been out shopping in stores and they run into the stores after her . She uses public transport a lot -- or she did -- but they climb on the buses and the bus driver is having to throw them off , " he said . The proposal never came and one month later , "  Kate and Will " were back in headlines as it emerged that their four-year relationship was over . The split was said to be amicable with the couple determined to remain friends . At the time , photographer Arthur Edwards told CNN that the couple 's ages and constant media attention took their toll . "  William has said 28 is a good time to get married -- 28 to 30 . Now , that 's a few years off yet and I do n't think she wants to put up with that for the next four or five years , every morning coming out of her house going to her office having those problems , and I think she just thinks enough 's enough , " he said . Royal commentators speculated that the split was due to the class divide between the prince and his middle-class girlfriend . Catherine 's mother is a former air stewardess and her father worked as a pilot before they set up their own business . Catherine is the eldest of their three children . Despite conjecture over the cause of their split , the pair remained close . In July 2007 , Catherine sat in the royal box at Wembley Stadium in London for the Concert for Diana , a massive charity concert to remember Prince William 's mother , Princess Diana , 10 years after her death in a car crash . The two were seen together several times over the summer and were dating again by the end of 2007 . Around the same time , Catherine resigned from women 's fashion chain Jigsaw , where she started working as an accessories buyer after graduating from university in 2005 . However , it was n't until October , 2010 that William asked for Catherine 's hand in marriage in a remote hut in a wildlife reserve on the slopes of Mount Kenya , Africa 's second highest peak . Wedding fever gripped the UK as royal-watchers and the general public speculated for months about what Catherine would wear , her hair and the scale of the event in a country entrenched in austerity measures . Street parties were planned and a myriad of royal memorabilia lined shelves as the country prepared for an influx of visitors . Then finally , on April 29 , 2011 , Catherine married Prince William in a televised ceremony at Westminster Abbey in London , becoming Her Royal Highness the Duchess of Cambridge , before an audience of millions . Read more : Wedding Special | British royal family tree In January 2012 , the duchess announced the four charities she would support as a patron : the Art Room , which helps disadvantaged children express themselves through art ; the National Portrait Gallery , which houses a famous collection of royal paintings and photographs ; East Anglia 's Children 's Hospices , which helps children with life-threatening conditions ; and Action on Addiction , which assists those with addiction issues . Since then , the duchess has braved her first public speech and traveled with her new husband to meet royal supporters in Canada and more recently in Southeast Asia . The latter was marred by controversy over a decision by a French magazine to publish images of the duchess sunbathing topless while on a private holiday with William in France . The couple took legal action action the magazine , French Closer , in September , which was also fined by a French court and ordered not to distribute the edition in print or online . It was also told to hand over the photos to the royals within 24 hours . Read more : Angry royals take Catherine 's topless photo battle to court The Duchess of Cambridge was last seen in public during an official tour to Cambridge , England last week , when there was more talk about her new hairstyle than any speculation of pregnancy . The palace has declined to name a due date , as Catherine is less than 12 weeks pregnant . She 's expected to remain in hospital for several days while doctors treat her for Hyperemesis Gravidarum , a condition that causes acute morning sickness . Prince William and Catherine 's child will be next in line to the throne after William regardless of whether it is a boy or a girl , the British Cabinet Office said Monday . Last year , Commonwealth leaders agreed to change British succession laws to allow a female to take the throne ahead of a younger brother .	Prince William , Duchess of Cambridge expecting first child Catherine is daughter of self-made millionaires from rural England Catherine met Prince William when both were at university in Scotland William and Catherine 's child will be next in line to British throne after William
CNN  -- A manufacturer of military-style rifles says it is leaving Connecticut and is encouraging other companies to do the same after last week 's signing of sweeping gun legislation . PTR Industries of Bristol said the bill approved by the General Assembly was "  fraught with ambiguous definitions , insufficient considerations for the trade , conflicting mandates and disastrous consequences for the fundamental rights of the people of Connecticut . " In a statement , the company said it hopes to pick a site by summer and move by the end of the year . Gov. Dannel Malloy on Thursday signed what advocacy groups call the strongest and most comprehensive gun legislation in the nation . Compromise sets up likely U.S. Senate debate The law bans some weapons as well as the sale or purchase of high-capacity magazines like those used in the Newtown , Connecticut , shooting in December that left 20 children and six adults dead . It also requires background checks for all gun purchases . The Connecticut measure adds more than 100 guns to the state 's list of banned assault weapons , limits the capacity of ammunition magazines to 10 rounds and bans armor-piercing bullets . Connecticut governor signs sweeping gun measure While the new law allows current owners of magazines that can hold more than 10 rounds to keep them , it requires those people to register the magazines with the state and forbids owners from loading them with more than 10 rounds outside their homes or while at a gun range . "  At any given time , we own 100,000 or more 20-round magazines , " PTR Industries CEO Josh Fiorini told CNN affiliate WFSB . "  How are we supposed to individually register all of those magazines ? " No more gun sales where semiautomatic used in Sandy Hook shooting With the restrictions and loss of sales , Fiorini said , his company will be unable to make payroll . John McNamara , vice president of sales , said PTR Industries has 42 employees . "  Indirectly , we employ 15 to 20 local vendors at any given time who have up to 15 to 30 employees each , " he told CNN on Wednesday . All of the company 's rifles are semiautomatic . PTR Industries sells its products to national distributors , and they are resold to federally licensed retailers across the country , said McNamara . McNamara said he did not have data on current sales in Connecticut , but he said the law makes the company 's rifles illegal for sale or transfer within the state . "  Our governor has decided that he wants our business to stay here and sell the guns he feels deemed illegal to other states , but not our own , " said McNamara . "  We do not agree with that logic . " Why is passing new gun control legislation so hard ? Critics have argued the Connecticut legislation will do nothing to stop someone like Adam Lanza , who carried out the Sandy Hook school killings December 14 with an assault-style weapon and high-capacity magazines . "  In his case , he stole the guns and went on a murderous rampage , " Scott Wilson , president of the Connecticut Citizens Defense League , previously has said . "  Limiting magazine capacity or mandating registration will only affect law-abiding persons , not criminals bent on murder . " Republican House Minority Leader Larry Cafero , a member of the bipartisan task force that drafted the bill , reassured gun owners they would n't lose their guns or ammunition magazines , "  so long as they follow our rules and register , " he said . On Thursday , when he signed the gun law , Malloy said , "  We have come together in a way that relatively few places in our nation have demonstrated an ability to do . " However , he noted , "  Today does not mark the end of our efforts " to combat gun violence . President Barack Obama has been waging a public pressure campaign for tougher gun laws . Background checks on gun sales : How do they work ? PTR Industries said the safety of children was "  at best questionably improved " since the shootings . "  Due to an improperly drafted bill , manufacturing of modern sporting rifles in the State of CT has been effectively outlawed , " the company said in Tuesday 's statement , adding it made the decision with "  heavy heart . " PTR Industries called on other gunmakers to leave Connecticut and "  show our politicians the true consequences of their hasty and uninformed actions . " In February , Mississippi House Speaker Philip Gunn invited gunmakers such as Colt 's Manufacturing Co. to relocate to his state from Connecticut and elsewhere . Colt is based in West Hartford . The gun industry in Connecticut is being attacked and "  demonized " because of national politics , Gunn said in a letter to Colt 's CEO before the gun law 's passage . U.S. Sen. Richard Blumenthal , a Connecticut Democrat , said Gunn sent letters to three gunmakers in his state and called Gunn 's proposal "  preposterous . " Connecticut residents support the Second Amendment and responsible gun ownership , "  far from demonizing firearms products made here , " Blumenthal said in a statement . Before the play date , the gun talk Parents defend rights to keep guns in the home	PTR Industries says legislation tramples on rights of residents It says legislation ends manufacturer of "  modern sporting rifles " in Connecticut Bill advocates say new law is designed to curb gun violence
CNN  -- At least 510 people were killed in Caracas , Venezuela , in December , giving support to a recent report that called the city the murder capital of the world . A chalk message reads No More Murders as a student protests killings in Caracas in this file photo . It 's against that backdrop that the country 's minister for Interior Relations and Justice announced efforts this week to combat crime in 2009 . Minister Tareck El Aissami said Monday he will form 50 community police units in Caracas and take other measures so that "  we can have in a short time a culture of peace , tranquility and calm for all the Venezuelan public . " By all accounts , it will be a tall order . Foreign Policy magazine said in September that Caracas tops the list of five murder capitals of the world , with an official tally of 130 homicides per 100,000 residents . The city , which is Venezuela 's capital , has about 4 million inhabitants . Foreign Policy is owned by The Washington Post Co. and published by the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace . The United States made the magazine 's top five , too , with New Orleans , Louisiana coming in at No. 3 . Its murder rate is estimated as 67 per 100,000 by its police department and 95 per 100,000 by the FBI . Still , the rate in Caracas comes in far ahead of the following four murderous capitals . "  Caracas has become far more dangerous in recent years than any South American city , even beating out the once notorious Bogota , -LSB- Colombia -RSB- , " Foreign Policy said . "  What 's worse , the city 's official homicide statistics likely fall short of the mark because they omit prison-related murders as well as deaths that the state never gets around to properly ` categorizing . ' "  The numbers also do n't count those who died while ` resisting arrest , ' suggesting that Caracas ' cops -- already known for their brutality against student protesters -- might be cooking the books , " the magazine said . CNN affiliate Globovision TV reported this week that officials reported 510 killings in Caracas this month , capping a particularly brutal year . "  It 's shocking , " said Jennifer McCoy , director of The Americas Program at the Carter Center in Atlanta . "  It 's the biggest concern of the population -- crime and security . " Federico Welsch , a political science professor at La Universidad de Simon Bolivar in Caracas for 25 years , has seen that crime up close . "  Violence is the major problem for Venezuelans , according to any source you use , " Welsch told CNN on Tuesday . "  It 's doubly sad because , primarily , the deaths occur almost exclusively in the poor sectors , and , secondarily , it 's among youth under 30 years old . " McCoy points out that the killings are "  basically poor on poor . " From the 1970s to the 1990s , the poverty rate nearly tripled , from 25 percent to 65 percent , McCoy said . Even though the poverty rate declined during the oil boom that started in the 1990s , she said , the rate remains high . "  It 's a combination of economic-driven crime ... with other types of gangs , to police abuse , " McCoy said . "  The police are not properly trained and not properly equipped . " Anti-crime efforts in Caracas also suffered , she said , when the national government took over the city 's police force in 2002 . "  There has been trouble getting the police force back to par , " she said . Welsch said he doubts the anti-crime measures El Aissami announced Monday will work . "  You ca n't resolve this problem with police , " Welsch said . "  The government is co-responsible for there being so many firearms . There is no good gun control , there are no permits and there is no good control over the militias . " The problem , Welsch and McCoy said , transcends the drug trade and gang battles . "  You do n't have the guerrilla problems , " McCoy said . "  You do n't have drug cartels . You do n't have a large mafia . " Welsch lays much of the blame on the 10-year-old government of socialist President Hugo Chavez . "  The government discourse , " he said , "  is that if you are lacking something it is because of injustice . Then look for it , take it away from those who have it . You can obtain justice with your own hands . " The magazine lists , in descending order , Caracas ; Cape Town , South Africa ; New Orleans ; Moscow , Russia ; and Port Moresby , Papua New Guinea , as the top five murder capitals in the world .	Foreign Policy magazine names Caracas , Venezuela , the murder capital of the world Venezuela to step up efforts to fight crime in Caracas in 2009 Violence is gang - and police-related , and often poor on poor New Orleans , Louisiana , comes in third on magazine 's list of top five
CNN  -- Kate Winslet is now officially a mom of three . The 38-year-old actress and her husband , Ned Rocknroll , welcomed their first child together in the UK on Saturday . "  Kate had ` baby boy Winslet ' on Saturday , December 7 , at an NHS Hospital in Sussex County , UK , " the star 's rep told CNN in a statement . "  Mother and Baby are doing great . " The couple has n't released a name for their baby boy , but we 're hoping they 're strongly considering "  Long Live . " Winslet also has two children from prior relationships with Jim Threapleton and Sam Mendes : daughter Mia , 13 , and son Joe , 10 . Winslet and Rocknroll , who tied the knot in December 2012 , announced that they were expecting a new addition in June . According to People magazine , the award-winning actress enjoyed her pregnancy . "  I feel completely great , " she told the magazine in September . "  Being a parent turns you inside out . It completely transforms your life and , of course , your children are your absolute everything . " CNN 's Jane Caffrey contributed to this report .	Kate Winslet is now a mom of three The actress welcomed a son on Saturday in the UK The baby is her first child with husband Ned Rocknroll She also has two children from prior relationships
The White House late Saturday issued a detailed synopsis , or "  fact sheet , " of the six-month deal regarding Iran 's nuclear program . Read the deal  . PDF Below is a copy of the agreement 's details , verbatim from the White House : Halting the progress of Iran 's program and rolling back key elements Iran has committed to halt enrichment above 5 % :  Halt all enrichment  above 5 % and dismantle the technical connections required to enrich above 5 % . Iran has committed to neutralize its stockpile of near-20 % uranium :  Dilute below 5 % or convert to a form not suitable for further enrichment its entire stockpile of near-20 % enriched uranium before the end of the initial phase . Iran has committed to halt progress on its enrichment capacity :  Not install additional centrifuges of any type .  Not install or use any next-generation centrifuges to enrich uranium .  Leave inoperable roughly half of installed centrifuges at Natanz and three-quarters of installed centrifuges at Fordow , so they can not be used to enrich uranium .  Limit its centrifuge production to those needed to replace damaged machines , so Iran can not use the six months to stockpile centrifuges .  Not construct additional enrichment facilities . 20 questions about the deal Iran has committed to halt progress on the growth of its 3.5 % stockpile :  Not increase its stockpile of 3.5 % low enriched uranium , so that the amount is not greater at the end of the six months than it is at the beginning , and any newly enriched 3.5 % enriched uranium is converted into oxide . Iran has committed to no further advances of its activities at Arak and to halt progress on its plutonium track . Iran has committed to :  Not commission the Arak reactor .  Not fuel the Arak reactor .  Halt the production of fuel for the Arak reactor .  No additional testing of fuel for the Arak reactor .  Not install any additional reactor components at Arak .  Not transfer fuel and heavy water to the reactor site .  Not construct a facility capable of reprocessing . Without reprocessing , Iran can not separate plutonium from spent fuel . Fareed Zakaria : What critics are getting wrong about the Iran deal Unprecedented transparency and intrusive monitoring of Iran 's nuclear program Iran has committed to :  Provide daily access by IAEA inspectors at Natanz and Fordow . This daily access will permit inspectors to review surveillance camera footage to ensure comprehensive monitoring . This access will provide even greater transparency into enrichment at these sites and shorten detection time for any non-compliance .  Provide IAEA access to centrifuge assembly facilities .  Provide IAEA access to centrifuge rotor component production and storage facilities .  Provide IAEA access to uranium mines and mills .  Provide long-sought design information for the Arak reactor . This will provide critical insight into the reactor that has not previously been available .  Provide more frequent inspector access to the Arak reactor .  Provide certain key data and information called for in the Additional Protocol to Iran 's IAEA Safeguards Agreement and Modified Code 3.1 . One agreement , wildly different reactions Verification mechanism The IAEA will be called upon to perform many of these verification steps , consistent with their ongoing inspection role in Iran . In addition , the P5 +1 and Iran have committed to establishing a Joint Commission to work with the IAEA to monitor implementation and address issues that may arise . The Joint Commission will also work with the IAEA to facilitate resolution of past and present concerns with respect to Iran 's nuclear program , including the possible military dimension of Iran 's nuclear program and Iran 's activities at Parchin . Limited , temporary , reversible relief In return for these steps , the P5 +1 is to provide limited , temporary , targeted , and reversible relief while maintaining the vast bulk of our sanctions , including the oil , finance , and banking sanctions architecture . If Iran fails to meet its commitments , we will revoke the relief . Specifically the P5 +1 has committed to :  Not impose new nuclear-related sanctions for six months , if Iran abides by its commitments under this deal , to the extent permissible within their political systems .  Suspend certain sanctions on gold and precious metals , Iran 's auto sector , and Iran 's petrochemical exports , potentially providing Iran approximately $ 1.5 billion in revenue .  License safety-related repairs and inspections inside Iran for certain Iranian airlines .  Allow purchases of Iranian oil to remain at their currently significantly reduced levels -- levels that are 60 % less than two years ago . $ 4.2 billion from these sales will be allowed to be transferred in installments if , and as , Iran fulfills its commitments .  Allow $ 400 million in governmental tuition assistance to be transferred from restricted Iranian funds directly to recognized educational institutions in third countries to defray the tuition costs of Iranian students . Opinion : Iran deal a risk worth taking Humanitarian transactions Facilitate humanitarian transactions that are already allowed by U.S. law . Humanitarian transactions have been explicitly exempted from sanctions by Congress so this channel will not provide Iran access to any new source of funds . Humanitarian transactions are those related to Iran 's purchase of food , agricultural commodities , medicine , medical devices ; we would also facilitate transactions for medical expenses incurred abroad . We will establish this channel for the benefit of the Iranian people . Putting limited relief in perspective In total , the approximately $ 7 billion in relief is a fraction of the costs that Iran will continue to incur during this first phase under the sanctions that will remain in place . The vast majority of Iran 's approximately $ 100 billion in foreign exchange holdings are inaccessible or restricted by sanctions . In the next six months , Iran 's crude oil sales can not increase . Oil sanctions alone will result in approximately $ 30 billion in lost revenues to Iran -- or roughly $ 5 billion per month -- compared to what Iran earned in a six month period in 2011 , before these sanctions took effect . While Iran will be allowed access to $ 4.2 billion of its oil sales , nearly $ 15 billion of its revenues during this period will go into restricted overseas accounts . In summary , we expect the balance of Iran 's money in restricted accounts overseas will actually increase , not decrease , under the terms of this deal . Kerry : Israel is safe under new deal Maintaining economic pressure on Iran and preserving our sanctions architecture During the first phase , we will continue to vigorously enforce our sanctions against Iran , including by taking action against those who seek to evade or circumvent our sanctions .  Sanctions affecting crude oil sales will continue to impose pressure on Iran 's government . Working with our international partners , we have cut Iran 's oil sales from 2.5 million barrels per day  bpd  in early 2012 to 1 million bpd today , denying Iran the ability to sell almost 1.5 million bpd . That 's a loss of more than $ 80 billion since the beginning of 2012 that Iran will never be able to recoup . Under this first step , the EU crude oil ban will remain in effect and Iran will be held to approximately 1 million bpd in sales , resulting in continuing lost sales worth an additional $ 4 billion per month , every month , going forward .  Sanctions affecting petroleum product exports to Iran , which result in billions of dollars of lost revenue , will remain in effect .  The vast majority of Iran 's approximately $ 100 billion in foreign exchange holdings remain inaccessible or restricted by our sanctions .  Other significant parts of our sanctions regime remain intact , including : -- Sanctions against the Central Bank of Iran and approximately two dozen other major Iranian banks and financial actors ; -- Secondary sanctions , pursuant to the Comprehensive Iran Sanctions , Accountability , and Divestment Act  CISADA  as amended and other laws , on banks that do business with U.S.-designated individuals and entities ; -- Sanctions on those who provide a broad range of other financial services to Iran , such as many types of insurance ; and , -- Restricted access to the U.S. financial system .  All sanctions on over 600 individuals and entities targeted for supporting Iran 's nuclear or ballistic missile program remain in effect .  Sanctions on several sectors of Iran 's economy , including shipping and shipbuilding , remain in effect .  Sanctions on long-term investment in and provision of technical services to Iran 's energy sector remain in effect .  Sanctions on Iran 's military program remain in effect .  Broad U.S. restrictions on trade with Iran remain in effect , depriving Iran of access to virtually all dealings with the world 's biggest economy .  All UN Security Council sanctions remain in effect .  All of our targeted sanctions related to Iran 's state sponsorship of terrorism , its destabilizing role in the Syrian conflict , and its abysmal human rights record , among other concerns , remain in effect . President Obama 's legacy moment on Iran	The White House issues a statement explaining the Iran nuclear deal It includes details on halting progress of Iran 's nuclear program It also lays out the "  temporary , reversible relief " for Iran
CNN  -- Pakistani officials have for years secretly endorsed the U.S. drone program , even picking out at least one target for such an attack , according to a Washington Post report . Neither the White House , the U.S. State Department nor the Pakistani Foreign Ministry would comment on the story , which said top secret CIA documents and Pakistani memos obtained by the Post described at least 65 such strikes between late 2007 and late 2011 . The story comes as Prime Minister of Pakistan Nawaz Sharif visited President Obama in Washington . Sharif told reporters he brought up the issue of drone strikes with Obama , "  emphasizing the need for an end to such strikes . " White House Press Secretary Jay Carney was asked Thursday about the report . "  I ca n't speak to specific operational issues , " he said . "  What I can tell you is that on matters of bilateral cooperation and counterterrorism , we have regular conversations with Pakistan . " For years Pakistani officials have denounced any drone attacks , but the Post story says not only did they know about the strikes but they also actively participated in selecting some targets . One document from 2010 contains an entry about striking a site "  at the request of your government , " the Post said . CNN Chief National Security Correspondent Jim Sciutto said his sources have told him there has long been good cooperation between intelligence agencies in the two nations . The Post report echoes what former Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf said in April . But he said Pakistan 's government signed off on strikes "  only on a few occasions , when a target was absolutely isolated and no chance of collateral damage . " Still , it was the first time a top past or present Pakistani official had admitted publicly to such a deal . Unmanned U.S. drones began launching attacks in Pakistan in 2004 , by which time Musharraf had led the country for five years after taking power in a bloodless coup . He said Pakistani leaders would OK U.S. drone strikes after discussions involving military and intelligence units and only if "  there was no time for our own ... military to act . " Musharraf left office in 2008 . In a statement Thursday , Musharraf 's office stressed that "  during nine years of his rule , there were less than 10 drone strikes , all of which targeted militants , and a few of them were joint operations between -LSB- the -RSB- United States and Pakistan in locations that were not accessible to the ground forces of Pakistan . " The statement also noted that the former military ruler said in 2009 that "  these drone strikes had become indiscriminate and were losing their impact due to claims of collateral damage to the civilian population . " It said that Musharraf "  consistently demanded -LSB- that the -RSB- United States transfer drone technology to the Pakistan military , so Pakistan could take ownership in effectively targeting terrorists and also remedy the violation of Pakistan 's sovereignty by -LSB- the -RSB- United States . " The Post report said the Pakistan government routinely received classified briefings , including before and after photographs , on the strikes . Aizaz Ahmed Chaudhry , a spokesman for the Pakistan Foreign Ministry , said Thursday that Islamabad does n't "  comment on specific media reports citing unnamed sources . " Chaudhry reiterated Pakistan 's public position on strikes in a written statement . "  Whatever understandings there may or may not have been in the past , the present government has been very clear regarding its policy on the issue . We regard such strikes as violations of our sovereignty as well as international law , " it said . The number of drone attacks has been decreasing sharply in the past three years because of tighter rules imposed by the Obama administration and the success of the program in killing its targets . In August , U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry on a visit to Islamabad told a Pakistani television station that the United States hoped to end drone strikes there "  very , very soon . " President Obama has a "  very real timeline " for ending the strikes , he said . This week , Amnesty International and Human Rights Watch released highly critical reports on U.S. drone strikes in Pakistan and Yemen . The groups said some of the attacks may have violated international law , a charge the White House denied . CNN 's Aliza Kassim contributed to this report .	Washington Post : Pakistan approved drone program , helped pick at least one target White House says two nations routinely have intelligence conversations Pakistan reiterates position that drone strikes must stop
CNN  -- With recent polls showing Sen. Barack Obama 's lead increasing nationwide and in several GOP-leaning states , some Republicans attending John McCain-Sarah Palin campaign rallies are showing a new emotion : rage . An angry supporter confronts Sen. John McCain at a rally in Wisconsin on Thursday . At a rally in Minnesota on Friday , a woman told McCain : "  I do n't trust Obama . I have read about him and he 's an Arab . " McCain shook his head and said , "  No ma'am , no ma'am . He 's a decent family man ... -LSB- a -RSB- citizen that I just happen to have disagreements with on fundamental issues . That 's what this campaign is all about . " One man at the rally said he was "  scared of an Obama presidency . " McCain later told the man he should not fear Obama . "  I want to be president of the United States , and I do n't want Obama to be , " he said . "  But I have to tell you , I have to tell you , he is a decent person , and a person that you do not have to be scared as President of the United States . " McCain 's response was met with boos from the crowd . When asked about these outbursts , McCain campaign manager Rick Davis said that he did n't know who those people were and if they were there as supporters or to disrupt the rallies . A day earlier , the same type of hostility toward Obama was evident at McCain-Palin rallies . "  When you have an Obama , -LSB- House Speaker Nancy -RSB- Pelosi and the rest of the hooligans up there going to run this country , we have got to have our head examined . It 's time that you two are representing us , and we are mad . So , go get them , " one man told McCain at a town hall meeting in Waukesha , Wisconsin . Another man was more pointed . "  And we 're all wondering why that Obama is where he 's at , how he got here . I mean , everybody in this room is stunned that we 're in this position , " another man said at Thursday 's rally . "  I 'm mad . I 'm really mad . And what 's going to surprise you , it 's not the economy . It 's the socialists taking over our country , " one said . Watch more of the anger at the rallies " McCain urged his supporters to be respectful of Obama . "  We want to fight and I will fight . But we will be respectful , " he said . "  I admire Sen. Obama and his accomplishments . I will respect him and I want everyone to be respectful , and let 's make sure we are . " Watch McCain address attacks on Obama " CNN contributor David Gergen , who has advised Democratic and Republican presidential administrations , said Thursday that the negative tone of these rallies is "  incendiary " and could lead to violence . "  There is this free floating sort of whipping around anger that could really lead to some violence . I think we 're not far from that , " he said . "  I think it 's really imperative that the candidates try to calm people down . " On Friday , Obama said the "  barrage of nasty insinuations and attacks " was a result of the Republican nominee 's failed economic ideas . "  They can run misleading ads , they can pursue the politics of anything goes . It will not work . Not this time . I think that folks are looking for something different this time . It 's easy to rile up a crowd , nothing 's easier than riling up a crowd by stoking anger and division . But that 's not what we need right now in the United States . The times are too serious , " Obama said at a rally in Chillicothe , Ohio . Recently , McCain 's campaign launched a string of ads that question Obama 's judgment and character . The McCain campaign calls Obama "  too risky for America " in a new Web ad that focuses on his political relationship with Bill Ayers , a founding member of the radical Weather Underground . "  Barack Obama and domestic terrorist Bill Ayers . Friends . They 've worked together for years . But Obama tries to hide it , " the announcer said in the 90-second ad . The now-defunct Weather Underground was involved in bombings in the early 1970s , including attacks on the Pentagon and the Capitol . Obama was a young child at the time of the bombings . Obama and Ayers , now a university professor , met in 1995 , when both worked with a nonprofit group trying to raise funds for a school improvement project and a charitable foundation . CNN 's review of project records found nothing to suggest anything inappropriate in the volunteer projects in which the two men were involved . CNN Fact Check : Is Obama ` palling around with terrorists ' ? Obama , in an April debate during the primaries , called Ayers "  somebody who engaged in detestable acts 40 years ago , when I was 8 . " At a rally Tuesday in Clearwater , Florida , Sarah Palin said Obama was being "  less than truthful " about his ties to Ayers . "  His own top adviser said they were ` certainly friendly . ' ... I am just so fearful that this is not a man who sees America the way that you and I see America -- as the greatest source for good in this world , " she said . Palin told the crowd that she sees "  a pattern in how our opponent has talked about one of his most troubling associations . " Watch more of Palin 's comments " One member of the Palin audience in Jacksonville , Florida , Tuesday shouted out "  treason . " And at another rally in the state Monday , Palin 's mention of the Obama-Ayers tie caused one member to yell out : "  kill him " -- though it was unclear if it was targeted at Obama or Ayers . At several recent rallies , Palin has stirred up crowds by mentioning the "  liberal media . " Routinely , there are boos at every mention of The New York Times and the "  mainstream media , " both of which are staples of Palin 's stump speech . Some audience members are openly hostile to members of the traveling press covering Palin ; one crowd member hurled a racial epithet at an African-American member of the press in Clearwater , Florida , on Monday . And at a McCain rally in New Mexico on Monday , one supporter yelled out "  terrorist " when McCain asked , "  Who is the real Barack Obama ? " McCain did n't respond . Watch as McCain ramps up his criticism of Obama " Ohio Gov. Ted Strickland , a Democrat , on Friday told voters that the McCain-Palin campaign "  would want you to be afraid of Barack Obama . " Some Republicans have also been critical of the McCain campaign . Former Michigan Gov. William Milliken , a Republican , told the Grand Rapids Press he was "  disappointed in the tenor and the personal attacks on the part of the McCain campaign . " "  He is not the McCain I endorsed , " Milliken said Thursday . Some anger found at McCain-Palin rallies is directed at McCain for a different reason . Watch analysts weigh in on the recent attacks " "  I am begging you , sir , I am begging you , take it to him , " another supporter said to the Arizona senator at the Wisconsin rally . McCain , however , seems torn . On one hand , he is going negative on the Ayers controversy . "  The point is , Sen. Obama said he was just a guy in the neighborhood . We know that 's not true , " he said at the rally in Wisconsin . "  We need to know the full extent of the relationship because of whether Sen. Obama is telling the truth to the American people or not . " On the other hand , McCain is trying to focus on the economic downturn plaguing the country . "  But I also , my friends , want to address the greatest financial challenge of our lifetime with a positive plan for action , " he added . Also , the McCains said months ago they did n't want their son Jimmy -- a Marine serving in Iraq -- dragged into the campaign . But on Thursday , Cindy McCain brought up her son . She criticized the Illinois senator for voting against a bill to fund troops in Iraq , a regular line of attack from her husband 's campaign . "  The day that Sen. Obama cast a vote not to fund my son when he was serving sent a cold chill through my body , let me tell you , " she told a Pennsylvania crowd before introducing her husband and his No. 2 . The vote Cindy McCain is referencing came in May 2007 , when Obama was one of 14 senators who voted against a war-spending plan that would have provided emergency funds for American troops overseas . A CNN fact check deemed the charge that Obama voted against troop funding "  misleading . " Obama supported a different version of the troop-funding plan -- one that McCain spoke against . Fact Check : Did Obama vote to cut funds for the troops ? CNN 's Carey Bodenheimer , Dana Bash and Anastasia Diakides contributed to this article .	NEW : McCain urges his supporters to be respectful of Obama McCain-Palin supporters increasing their attacks on Obama during rallies Some supporters have yelled out "  treason , " "  kill him " and "  terrorist " Obama says Friday : Anger and division are "  not what we need right now "
Washington  CNN  -- A federal advisory board 's recommendation that women in their 40s should avoid routine mammograms is not government policy and has caused "  a great deal of confusion , " Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius said Wednesday . "  My message to women is simple . Mammograms have always been an important life-saving tool in the fight against breast cancer , and they still are today , " Sebelius said in a statement . "  Keep doing what you have been doing for years : talk to your doctor about your individual history , ask questions and make the decision that is right for you . " With her statement , Sebelius waded into the controversy over Monday 's announcement by the U.S. Preventive Services Task Force that women in their 40s should not get routine mammograms for early detection of breast cancer . Sebelius ' statement is aimed at "  making it clear these recommendations are not ours , " a White House source said . The report "  should n't be dismissed , " Sebelius said on CNN 's "  The Situation Room . " But she added , "  There are other groups who have disagreed with this information . " The task force is "  making recommendations , not coverage decisions , not payment decisions . " Government health programs such as Medicaid will continue to cover routine mammograms , she said . "  We will continue to recommend it , and the health plans have indicated that they will do the same , " Sebelius said . "  If the health care provider recommends a mammogram for a patient , they intend to cover that payment . " Though the Preventive Services Task Force is independent , the Department of Health and Human Services ' Web site calls the panel 's recommendations the "  gold standard , " and insurance companies look to the panel for guidance on which preventive care practices they should cover . With the Obama administration fighting to push a sweeping overhaul of U.S. health insurance through Congress , Republicans quickly jumped at the chance to attack the mammography report . "  This is how rationing begins , " said Rep. Marsha Blackburn , R-Tennessee . "  This is the little toe in the edge of the water . And this is where you start getting a bureaucrat between you and your physician . " The White House disputes that , saying the recommendations "  can not be used to deny treatment " on their own . Sebelius said the task force wo n't make coverage decisions . "  Mammograms have been a huge step forward for millions of American women , but we still have about 21 million women and girls in America who do n't have a doctor , who do n't receive any kind of mammogram screening on any kind of basis regardless of their age , " she said . "  The health reform debate is about closing that gap . " Criticism of the recommendation has come from quarters other than opponents of the Democratic health care bills . The American Cancer Society said it disagrees with the findings of the task force and continues to recommend annual screening , including mammograms , for all women beginning 40 and over . "  With its new recommendations , the -LSB- task force -RSB- is essentially telling women that mammography at age 40 to 49 saves lives , just not enough of them , " said Dr. Otis Brawley , the group 's chief medical officer . And Rep. Debbie Wasserman-Schultz , D-Florida , who was diagnosed with early stage breast cancer at 41 , called the panel 's recommendations "  really disturbing " and "  absolutely irresponsible . " "  It 's a very patronizing attitude that these scientists have taken , " she said . "  It 's pretty outrageous to suggest that women could n't handle more information . " Rep. Frank Pallone Jr. , chairman of the House Energy and Commerce 's Subcommittee on Health , has announced that he will lead hearings into the advisory board 's recommendations . Wasserman-Schultz said those hearings "  will help us reach the appropriate policy conclusion , which I believe is that these recommendations should be set aside . " Breast cancer is the most common cancer for U.S. women , with nearly 200,000 women expected to be diagnosed with the invasive form of the disease this year , according to the American Cancer Society . For women 50 to 74 , it recommended routine mammography screenings every two years . Risks and benefits for women age 75 and older are unknown , it said . While roughly 15 percent of women in their 40s detect breast cancer through mammography , data show that many other women experience false positives , anxiety , and unnecessary biopsies as a result of the test , according to the task force . The Preventive Services Task Force reviews medical data and bases recommendations on effectiveness and risks involved . It is composed of 16 health care experts , none of whom are oncologists , though a team of cancer experts presented its findings to the group . CNN 's Danielle Dellorto and Gloria Borger contributed to this report .	Secretary Kathleen Sebelius says findings are n't part of government policy GOP criticizes health care "  rationing " ; White House disputes claim Advisory board has said women in 40s should n't get routine mammograms Health secretary : Government will continue to recommend mammograms
CNN  -- North Korea said Sunday it would no longer move forward with nuclear disarmament in response to a planned U.S.-South Korean joint military exercise . The announcement was made by the official Korean Central News Agency , or KCNA . "  The maneuvers clearly indicate once again that the U.S. and the South Korean authorities are the harassers of peace and warmongers keen to bring a war to this land , " the statement said . North Korea also announced it would no longer abide by the armistice that brought a truce to the Korean War , saying that South Korea violated the agreement by participating in the military cooperation with the United States . Disarmament talks were already at an impasse between North Korea , the United States and other nations . The military exercises would bring negotiations to a standstill and push North Korea to boost its nuclear arsenal , the statement said . "  The process for the denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula will naturally come to a standstill and  North Korea  will bolster its nuclear deterrent for self-defense , " the statement said . All talks between North Korea , the United States and South Korea will be suspended if the joint exercises go through as planned , North Korea said .	N. Korea says it will not abide by armistice that brought truce to Korean War Disarmament talks already at an impasse between N. Korea , the United States , nations
CNN  -- The U.S. Preventive Services Task Force , the group that told women in their 40s that they do n't need mammograms , will recommend that men not get screened for prostate cancer , according to a source privy to the task force deliberations . The task force is set to recommend a "  D " rating for prostate specific antigen , or PSA , testing . Such a rating means "  there is moderate or high certainty that the service has no net benefit or that the harms outweigh the benefits , " according to the group 's website . The task force is set to propose this recommendation Tuesday , and then allow for a comment period before issuing a final recommendation . According to a draft copy of a report released Friday , a review of studies shows screening with the PSA blood test results in "  small or no reduction " in prostate cancer deaths . The report adds that PSA testing is "  associated with harms related to subsequent evaluation and treatments . " The PSA test , which is sometimes accompanied by a digital rectal exam , can help determine if a man has prostate cancer . The problem is that many of the cancers that get detected are so small and slow-growing , they 'll never be harmful , and doctors have a difficult time discerning the quick , harmful cancers from the slow , harmless ones . Empowered Patient : What 's a dude to do ? If you test 100 men over age 50 , 17 of them will have prostate cancer , and only three of those will have a fast-growing cancer and die of the disease , according to Dr. Kenneth Lin , senior author of the paper . If the 14 men with the slow-growing cancers are treated , they could be rendered impotent or incontinent from the treatment ; or worse , the treatment could kill them . About one in 500 men who has a radical prostatectomy will die because of complications of the surgery , according to Lin . Some prostate cancer patients were disappointed with the task force 's decision . A spokesman for the Prostate Cancer Foundation called the proposed recommendation "  a tremendous mistake . " "  You 're talking to someone whose life was saved by -LSB- the PSA test -RSB- , " Dan Zenka said . But Lin says he believes testing does more harm than good . "  Maybe you should get tested if you have this horrible family history where everyone gets prostate cancer before the age of 50 . But for most men , testing is harmful , " he said . Until last year , Lin worked with the Preventive Services Task Force as a medical officer for the Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality . He says the task force voted in 2009 to give PSA screening a "  D " rating , but it did n't announce it because of the uproar over the mammogram recommendation . "  I was so frustrated with the political interference , and this was the final straw , " said Lin , who left the group in November and is now an assistant professor of family medicine at Georgetown University Medical Center . CNN 's Jennifer Bixler and Aaron Cooper contributed to this report .	NEW : Prostate Cancer Foundation spokesman calls recommendation a mistake NEW : But author of report says he believes testing does more harm than good U.S. Preventive Services Task Force to give prostate specific antigen testing a "  D " rating It says tests bring "  small or no reduction " in prostate cancer deaths
The first thing you notice is the smell : rich , deep , and mysterious . And somehow , both fresh and musty at the same time . It 's a scent that immediately piques your curiosity . CNN 's On the Road Japan team visited Japan 's oldest whisky distillery just outside Kyoto to learn more about a spirit that 's just been named the best in the world . Just a few weeks ago , the Yamazaki Single Malt Sherry Cask 2013 , made by beverage giant Suntory , took home top honors in Jim Murray 's "  Whisky Bible " . The whisky guru referred to it as "  near indescribable genius . " Scotch did n't even make the top three . While Japanese whisky has been taking home awards for over a decade , this was a first . And standing in the cellar piled high with oak casks , some American , some Spanish , and some Japanese , you get the sense that its rise around the globe has only just begun . Do n't call it Scotch Suntory 's Chief Blender Shinji Fukuyo is responsible for every bottle of whisky -- do n't call it Scotch , he says -- that leaves the 90-year-old distillery . While the Scotland-trained Fukuyo is modest about taking home the top title , he is clearly proud of what Japanese whisky has achieved . The secret , he says , is not boldness , but balance . Perhaps it 's the purity of the water , which Fukuyo says makes a gentle spirit . Or maybe it 's because the whisky is exposed to Japan 's dry , cold winters and hot , humid summers as it matures inside those casks . Or maybe it 's about the blending . "  The Scotch industry has more than 100 distilleries there , so blenders can choose from each distillery , " Fukuyo points out . "  But we have only two malt distilleries , one grain distillery . That 's why we have to make different types of whisky even in one distillery . It 's our challenge . " Creating a perfect blend Suntory 's blender wo n't show us the secret behind his craft , but when we ask him how he maintains the quality he gives us a glimpse into the science . Formulas of the most popular labels can change up to two dozen times a year , Fukuyo says , because no two casks are exactly the same . Change one ingredient in the blend and that precious balance is no more . It 's a challenge that seems even more daunting when we learn some products use 15 or 20 different types of whisky . Even single malt contains whisky from about ten casks , he says , although all from a single distillery to qualify for the single-malt moniker . A matter of taste From blending , we 're on to tasting . If you like your whisky neat , well , here 's the first big surprise with Japanese whisky : add water . Even if it 's just a dash . Fukuyo says adding water is a must in order to release the aromas and savor the full flavors . That 's because most Japanese enjoy drinking whisky with a meal , sometimes on the rocks , sometimes in a highball glass with soda . So once in the glass , the whisky has to hold its character and flavor , even while the proof begins to drop . Fukuyo confesses he drinks it straight , but definitely not without a drop or two of water to open it up . As for that best-in-the-world whisky ? You ca n't get it in Japan , Fukuyo says . Only 3,000 bottles were released , and they were all exported . Whisky culture While Japanese whisky is making headlines , whisky culture in the country is distinctly low-key . Many whisky bars are small with only a dozen or so seats and a solitary bartender . Takayuki Suzuki , the cocktail designer at the Park Hotel Tokyo , gives us a first-hand look at Japanese whisky bar-tending skills . Suzuki 's nickname is "  Mr. Ice Man , " and we soon learn why when he sets to work transforming a rough , softball-sized block of ice into a smooth sphere . Fragments fly in every direction as Suzuki chips away , before he spins his handiwork into a lowball glass , pours single malt whisky over the top and then carefully lifts the cube twice with a spoon to release the aromas . "  Japanese whisky has a good balance , " Suzuki says . "  Compared with Scotch whisky , it does not lose the taste and flavor when you mix it with other drinks . It is easy to use as a cocktail base . " So we ask for an Old Fashioned . And he just looks at us . A different bartender might raise an eyebrow , but Suzuki is far too polite . Which Japanese whisky would be best for that , we ask . The answer , it turns out , is none . According to Suzuki , mixing the spirits with anything but ice , water or soda , would ruin its purity and balance . But he says of course he 'll make one if the customer really wants it . We 've learned our lesson . Another 12-year Yamazaki on the "  rock , " please . It 's time to relax and enjoy . CNN 's Paula Newton & Yoko Wakatsuki contributed to this report .	Last month a Japanese whisky was named the best in the world The Yamazaki Single Malt Sherry Cask 2013 topped Jim Murray 's "  Whisky Bible " Japan has only three distilleries compared to over 100 in Scotland
CNN  -- The first U.S. case of mad cow disease in six years sparked fears of illness that prompted at least one major South Korean retailer to suspend the sale of American beef . However , public health officials said the risk of Americans contracting the disease is low , given that the affected dairy cow in central California never entered the human food chain and did not contract bovine spongiform encephalopathy through contaminated animal feed . "  It was never presented for slaughter for human consumption , so at no time presented a risk to the food supply or human health , " said John Clifford , the Agriculture Department 's chief veterinarian . What you need to know about mad cow disease In South Korea , one of the world 's largest importers of U.S. beef , the discovery of bovine spongiform encephalopathy led retailer LotteMart to remove American beef from store shelves . "  Currently , the sale of U.S. beef is temporarily suspended to ease our customers from anxiety , " LotteMart said . The South Korean government said it will step up checks on U.S. beef imports but not halt them for now . In 2010 , South Korea imported 125,000 tons of U.S. beef , a 97 % increase from the year before , the U.S. Department of Agriculture said . Sarah Klein , food safety attorney for the Center for Science in the Public Interest , said there is no need for consumers to take precautions based on this case . "  A case of a single cow with bovine spongiform encephalopathy is not a reason for significant concern on the part of consumers , and there is no reason to believe the beef or milk supply is unsafe , " she said . "  If the cow were exposed to the typical strain of BSE via animal feed -- and the government says that 's not the case here -- that would have represented a significant failure , " she said . She said the government would have had a difficult time tracking down other cattle that may have been eating the same feed because the nation lacks an effective animal identification program . Elisa Odabashian , the director of the West Coast office of Consumers Union , said the government 's testing program is not sufficient to ensure that U.S. beef is safe . "  The USDA tests only about 40,000 of the 35 million cows that are killed every year , " she told CNN 's Anderson Cooper . "  That 's just a tiny fraction . ... They 're not looking very hard for mad cow disease , and so they 're not finding it very often . " In a statement issued to CNN in 2006 , the USDA said it does not support 100 % testing because the disease is difficult to detect in young cattle , the primary source of beef in the United States . "  Recognizing the international scientific consensus that BSE  Mad Cow Disease  is a disease that is not detected in young animals , there is n't any nation in the world that requires 100-percent testing for BSE , " the statement said . But Odabashian said the agency has also vetoed efforts by private companies to carry out their own testing , at their own expense , and then labeling their product as BSE-free . "  Those companies in the United States that want to test their own meat have been prohibited from doing so by the USDA , " she said . "  We think that 's wrong . " The cow 's carcass was at a Baker Commodities Inc. rendering facility in Hanford , California , according to company Executive Vice President Dennis Luckey . The company renders animal byproducts and had randomly selected the animal for testing on April 18 , he said . "  We are in the business of removing dead animals from dairies in the Central Valley , " he said . "  As part of that program , we participate in the BSE surveillance program . " The sample was sent to the University of California at Davis for initial testing , which came back inconclusive . It was then sent to the Department of Agriculture 's laboratory in Ames , Iowa , where it tested positive , the agency said . The carcass was in quarantine Wednesday . "  We 're waiting now for USDA to tell us how to dispose of it , " Luckey said . A USDA spokesman , Larry Hawkins , said the agency was not releasing the name of the dairy "  because it 's our policy not to when we are in the middle of the investigation . " But Rep. Devin Nunes , R-California , said it was from a dairy farm in Tulare County . "  We did trace it back to a farm , " Nunes said , adding that the discovery "  demonstrates the strength of our surveillance system . " In a statement , California Department of Food and Agriculture Secretary Karen Ross said CDFA veterinarians were working with the USDA to determine whether other cows are at risk . "  Feed restrictions in place in California and around the country for the last 15 years minimize that risk to the greatest degree possible , " she said . Eating contaminated meat or some other animal products from cattle that have BSE is thought to be the cause of Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease . The fatal brain disease was blamed for the deaths of 150 people in Britain , where there was an outbreak in the 1980s and 1990s . Learn more about Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease In people , symptoms of the disease include psychiatric and behavioral changes , movement deficits , memory disturbances and cognitive impairments . BSE can cause infected animals to display nervousness or aggression , difficulty in coordination and standing up , decreased milk production or weight loss . It is usually transmitted between cows through the practice of recycling bovine carcasses for meat and bone meal protein , which is fed to other cattle . In this case , the Agricultural Department reported that the cow had a rare form of BSE not likely carried by contaminated feed . Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack said Monday that he remains confident in the health of the national herd and the safety of beef and dairy products . "  This is an atypical case , which means it 's not connected in any way , shape or form to feed . ... A very rare circumstance and situation , " Vilsack said . "  It can just sort of come up and pop up -- sometimes it 's genetic . " Since 2004 , the USDA has removed the brain and the spinal column , the parts suspected of causing mad cow disease in humans , from the food system . Unlike most other meat-borne illnesses , such as those caused by E.-coli bacteria , cooking does not kill the infectious agent that causes mad cow disease . Consumers who wish to exercise extra caution can follow the advice presented by the Web-based consumer advocacy group Consumeraffairs.com , which advises the avoidance of brains , neck bones and beef cheeks , bone marrow and cuts of beef that are sold on the bone . The group also says to choose boneless cuts of meat and ground beef only if it has been ground in the store . "  Evidence shows that our systems and safeguards to prevent BSE are working , as are similar actions taken by countries around the world , " said the USDA 's Clifford . Last year , 29 cases of BSE were reported worldwide , down 99 % from the peak of 37,311 cases in 1992 . "  This is directly attributable to the impact and effectiveness of feed bans as a primary control measure for the disease , " he said . The Agriculture Department confirmed the first case of mad cow disease in America on December 23 , 2003 , in a cow born in Alberta , Canada , in April 1997 , only four months before the United States and Canada began banning the use of brain and spinal cord tissue in cattle feed . A second U.S. case was confirmed June 24 , 2005 , and a third on March 13 , 2006 . The infected California cow confirmed Tuesday was America 's fourth case of mad cow disease . CNN 's Paul Vercammen , Kat Kinsman , Tom Watkins and Moni Basu contributed to this report	NEW : "  They 're not looking very hard for mad cow disease , " says critic of USDA South Korea is the second-largest importer of beef from the United States In people , symptoms of mad cow disease include psychiatric and behavioral changes
CNN  -- Seven people , including a toddler , died when fire roared through a three-story home in southwest Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , on Friday night , fire officials said . Firefighters work to put out a fire at a town home Friday night in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania . Six of the victims -- three adults , a teen and two children -- were found in the townhome 's basement , huddled together , Philadelphia Fire Commissioner Lloyd Ayers said . A 2-year-old boy who was pulled from the burning house by firefighters was later pronounced dead at Children 's Hospital , Ayers said . Eleven people , all of Liberian nationality , lived in the basement of the home , he said . Two were rescued by firefighters and two escaped on their own , Ayers said . Watch firefighters at work on the blaze " There were no stairs from the basement to the upper level and there was only one door leading out , he said . Early clues suggest a kerosene heater may have started the blaze , but the fire marshal has not officially determined a cause , Ayers said . "  We found serious issues in the house , " he said . The home did not appear to be equipped with smoke detectors , the fire commissioner said . "  We have not found any smoke alarms at all , which we are very saddened by , " Ayers said . Wade Lee , who lived in the same building , said the landlord had helped tenants work out fire evacuation plans . Lee said the victims often brought his family fresh vegetables from their garden , and the children were a joy . "  Our wishes are with them right now , more so than for ourselves , " he said . "  Just hearing the children laughing , and not being able to hear that no more is grievous to us all . "	2-year-old pulled from fire later pronounced dead at hospital Six victims found huddled together in basement Eleven people , all of Liberian nationality , lived in the home , fire official says Basement home had one exit , no smoke detectors , official says
CNN  It comes as no surprise that Grammy-award winning artist Pharrell Williams has signed a deal for a book inspired by his song "  Happy . " If his entrepreneurial endeavors are any indication of success , the picture book showcasing photographs of children across cultures "  celebrating happiness " will surely be a hit . Clearly the publishing company has already caught onto this . After Williams signed the book deal for "  Happy ! " with Putnam Books for Young Readers , three more books were negotiated with the soon-to-be children 's author . "  I 'm humbled by the global success of ` Happy , ' but especially in awe of the song 's young fans , " Williams said in a press release announcing the deal . "  My collaboration with Penguin allows me to continue a dialogue with these children in a fresh , new way . We 're both committed to feeding the curiosity of young minds with imagination . " Be it the music he makes , the songs he sings or the vintage Vivienne Westwood hat he sports , Williams is constantly coming up with original ideas that stick . The book deal comes after Williams ' recent Grammy wins including best pop solo performance and best music video for his hit song , "  Happy . " The book is due to publish in September . New Dr. Seuss book set for release in July	Pharrell Williams signs a children 's book deal The picture book will showcase photos of children across cultures "  celebrating happiness "
CNN  -- Former Detroit Mayor Kwame Kilpatrick was indicted Wednesday on 19 counts of federal fraud and tax charges , according to the U.S. attorney 's office in the Eastern District of Michigan . The charges against him include 10 counts of mail fraud , three counts of wire fraud , five counts of filing a false tax return and one count of tax evasion , according to U.S. District Court spokesman Rod Hanson . If he is convicted , each fraud count would carry a maximum sentence of 20 years in prison and a fine of $ 250,000 , while each tax count would carry a maximum sentence of up to five years in prison and a fine of $ 250,000 , the U.S. attorney 's office said . The charges stem from an alleged scheme in which Kilpatrick used donations to his Kilpatrick Civic Fund -- a tax-exempt social welfare organization -- to pay for such personal expenses as yoga and golf lessons , and campaign expenses in his 2001 and 2005 bids for mayor , according to the indictment . Kilpatrick had claimed the fund would go toward community services and voter registration information , the indictment says . Kilpatrick , 40 , is currently serving five years in prison for violating probation in a 2008 case against him . That case involved two felony counts of obstruction of justice stemming from Kilpatrick 's efforts to cover up an extramarital affair . He also pleaded no contest to charges of assaulting a police officer attempting to serve a subpoena on a Kilpatrick friend in the case .	Former Mayor Kwame Kilpatrick could be sentenced to 20 more years in prison He is accused of using donations to a tax-exempt for personal expenses He is already serving a five-year prison term after violating probation
CNN  -- The family behind a dramatic flight of a helium balloon that floated free appeared on a reality show that highlighted concerns about the children 's safety . The Heene family appeared on two episodes of ABC 's "  Wife Swap . " Richard and Mayumi Heene and their three sons were featured on the ABC show "  Wife Swap , " in which the mothers of two often opposite families switch places for two weeks . Mayumi Heene traded places with Karen Martel , whose husband runs a child-proofing business intended to keep children safe , according to a recap posted on Reality TV Magazine . In listing information on the Heene family , ABC 's "  Wife Swap " Web site described them this way : "  When the Heene family are n't chasing storms , they devote their time to scientific experiments that include looking for extraterrestrials and building a research-gathering flying saucer to send into the eye of the storm . " The description of the episode from ABC that appears on the Web site said " -LSB- Martel -RSB- is shocked as the Heene kids jump off banisters and run wild , and appalled by Richard 's attitude to women . " "  Meanwhile at the Martels ' , Mayumi Heene sees safety gates everywhere and wonders how the family have fun . She asks the kids about their anxieties and confronts Jay about the climate of fear in his house . " The Heenes reportedly allowed their children to accompany them as they tracked Hurricane Gustav . A YouTube video of the family appearing on Denver , Colorado 's KMGH local newscast features two of the Heene sons briefly discussing chasing the Hurricane . "  What my kids learn from these storms and what they walk away with is the fact that these storms can be very deadly , " Richard Heene told the KMGH reporter . According to the newscast , the family track 30 to 40 weather activities a year . The family was invited back by ABC to appear on the 100th episode of "  Wife Swap , " where Mayumi Heene switched places with Sheree Silver , a psychic . A Los Angeles Times story documented the show by saying "  The Heene family , with its three rowdy boys , is anchored by father Richard , whose anger arrives in sudden bolts between his fringe science projects . " "  The Silvers , who have two quirky , artistically inclined sons , revolve around the mother , Sheree , who is a psychic and who initially fails to impress Richard . ` Sheree 's like a clogged drain , OK ? Things are n't happening , ' he barks . ` I 'll bet you the heaviest thing she lifts is the fork to her mouth . ' " Mayumi Heene reportedly found it difficult on the show to adjust to Silver 's household . "  It 's their spouses who struggle most , " the Los Angeles Times story said . "  Richard 's wife , Mayumi , finding Sheree 's ` househusband , ' Sam Castiglia , to be ' a very feminine husband ' and finds it tough to even tolerate the quirks of the Silver children , who are so unlike her own , seeming less like a parent than a conspirator against the alien family . So much for learning . " A balloon that was set adrift from the Heenes ' Fort Collins , Colorado , home was empty when it landed , and authorities later found one of the Heene sons -- who initially had been thought to be in the balloon -- safe on the ground . Officials said he had been hiding in the attic of the family 's garage . What appears to be the three Heene boys are featured in a YouTube rap music video that seems to spoof overprotective parents .	The Heene family of Fort Collins , Colorado , appeared on "  Wife Swap " twice One episode had mother trading places with wife of child-proofing business owner That mother reportedly "  shocked " by the Heene kids ' behavior Heene family chases storms together
CNN  -- Travel photos open windows to the unknown . For this season of CNN 's "  Parts Unknown , " Anthony Bourdain has been expanding our horizons to show us places such as Paraguay , Vietnam and even New York 's often-unexplored borough of the Bronx . Instagram users and CNN iReporters followed along with Bourdain each week , sharing their travel photos from the places he visited . Some of their best travel photos were included in the above gallery . It 's halfway through the season , and we welcome you to share your photos from Bourdain 's upcoming travel destinations : Tanzania  October 26  ; Iran  November 2  ; Provincetown , Massachusetts  November 9  ; and Jamaica  November 16  . Upload them to iReport or tag your images #partsunknown on Instagram . We will add photos from these locations after each episode airs .	Instagram users and iReporters follow along with Anthony Bourdain in his travels CNN 's "  Parts Unknown " airs at 9 p.m. ET Sundays Share your photos from the remaining destinations with CNN iReport
CNN  -- In the wake of the six-month anniversary of Boko Haram 's kidnapping of 276 schoolgirls two weeks ago , the Nigerian military released a terse statement that it had negotiated a ceasefire with the cult-like Islamist insurgency , saying it would be finalizing the details for return of most of the girls this week . The announcement came as a surprise , since the administration of President Goodluck Jonathan had refused to negotiate for the girls ' release up to that point . What is going on ? Boko Haram has yet to comment publicly on any of this , and instead attacked two villages the day after the purported ceasefire . Last week , they reportedly abducted another 30 children . The Nigerian military has , for its part , regularly made false or misleading statements throughout the insurgency , which spread in earnest beginning in 2011 , and which has seen Boko Haram expand control of territory in the northeast of the country . Yet despite these developments , the Nigerian government maintains that talks with the insurgents are progressing in neighboring Chad . If the government really is in talks , then it represents the best prospect for the return of the girls since they were kidnapped in April . Still , a real resolution of the insurgency -- and an end to Boko Haram 's current tactics -- seems remote . After all , kidnapping is one of the most important sources of Boko Haram financing , and the girls ' return will certainly come at a heavy price . Moreover , the movement 's goal of installing its medieval version of a Taliban-style state in as much of Nigeria as it can capture leaves little room for negotiating some form of a permanent settlement . But that is all looking ahead . In the meantime , there is the complicated issue of determining the Nigerian government 's motivations for agreeing to a ceasefire and negotiations . Up to this point , the inaction and/or ineptitude of President Goodluck Jonathan 's administration in managing both Boko Haram and the liberation of the kidnapped girls has prompted heavy criticism within Nigeria and abroad . The success of the #BringBackOurGirls movement , which has kept a daily demonstration alive in Abuja since April , and enjoys the support of U.S. first lady Michelle Obama and a chorus of celebrities , underscores public frustration with the Nigerian government 's poor management of Boko Haram . Why the government , which earns roughly $ 100 billion annually from oil revenues alone , can not finish the job is the source of intense debate across Nigeria . Massive sums of public funds are being released for the counterinsurgency effort , but troops in the theater of operations have mutinied several times over lack of equipment and allegations that officers are stealing their pay . Just as shocking as the corruption is the apparent indifference of the government to the emergency . The very day that Boko Haram kidnapped the schoolgirls in April , just a day after it set off a bomb at a bus stop killing over 70 innocent victims , President Jonathan reportedly danced and sang at a political rally for himself and his ruling party as general elections approach in February 2015 . Not only did the military have a four-hour warning that the attack on the girls ' village was imminent , according to Amnesty International , but it took them two weeks to respond . To his credit , President Jonathan met with his security chiefs about the kidnappings the day after the political rally , and also visited the bus stop shortly after the bombings took place . But his political priorities appear clear -- spending the majority of his energies seeking to stave off the growing political opposition to his re-election plans . Despite a major insurgency that is threatening a third of the nation and displacing over 250,000 people , by some estimates , the business of politics , it seems , comes first . And what a business it is . Earlier this year , the internationally respected governor of the central bank announced that $ 20 billion of Nigeria 's oil earnings were unaccounted for by the state-owned oil company , and that he planned to investigate . Rather than applauding these anti-corruption efforts , the President sacked the governor . In a surreal public debate , the finance minister counter-argued that "  only " $ 10.8 billion was missing . While 85 % of Nigerians live on less than $ 2 per day , the Nigerian media report almost daily accusations of audacious spending and corruption across government at all levels , from gold-plated iPhones allegedly distributed to guests at the President 's daughter 's wedding , to the minister of petroleum reportedly spending millions in public funds on chartered aircraft for private trips . As a result of all this , fears are growing that government claims of the girls ' imminent release is a public relations stunt designed for election year consumption and to divert attention from the Jonathan administration 's problems . Not only has Boko Haram embarked upon new attacks and kidnappings in recent days , but Nigerian journalists are also reporting that the man the government says is representing Boko Haram at the talks in Chad is a fraud . The media-savvy head of Boko Haram , Abubakar Shekau , has yet to comment , but the government has wrongly claimed to kill him twice already , only to have him appear in another online video . Of course , if the negotiations prove to be real and succeed in reuniting the girls with their families , the Jonathan administration has a brief opportunity to initiate a process that could end the insurgency . Boko Haram is a movement of many parts , the most extreme controlled by the Shekau network . But other factions are interested in a negotiated settlement and have requested mediators on several occasions . If the Nigerian government can engage these fence-sitters in the movement in a peace process that offers some measure of amnesty , it may be able to isolate Shekau and the hardliners sufficiently to bring them to justice and end the war . Unfortunately , with so much at stake in the coming elections , there seems a very real chance that the Jonathan administration will return its attention to the business of politics , and lose this opportunity to change course . If so , it will face not only the weary Nigerian electorate at the ballot box in the coming months , but also a growing insurgency that may see less and less reason to negotiate .	Despite ceasefire claims , Boko Haram attacks continue , says Darren Kew Nigerian President 's priority is next year 's election , Kew says Kew : Nigerian journalists skeptical over Boko Haram "  talks "
PHNOM PENH , Cambodia  CNN  -- Walking down a street in Cambodia 's capital city , Phymean Noun finished her lunch and tossed her chicken bones into the trash . Seconds later , she watched in horror as several children fought to reclaim her discarded food . Phymean Noun is helping give Cambodian children a chance at a better life . Noun stopped to talk with them . After hearing their stories of hardship , she knew she could n't ignore their plight . "  I must do something to help these children get an education , " she recalls thinking . "  Even though they do n't have money and live on the sidewalk , they deserve to go to school . " Six years after that incident , Noun is helping many of Phnom Penh 's poorest children do just that . Within weeks , she quit her job and started an organization to give underprivileged children an education . Noun spent $ 30,000 of her own money to get her first school off the ground . In 2004 , her organization -- the People Improvement Organization  PIO  -- opened a school at Phnom Penh 's largest municipal trash dump , where children are a large source of labor . Today , Noun provides 240 kids from the trash dump a free education , food , health services and an opportunity to be a child in a safe environment . Watch Noun and some of the children who attend her school " It is no easy task . Hundreds of them risk their lives every day working to support themselves and their families . "  I have seen a lot of kids killed by the garbage trucks , " she recalls . Children as young as 7 scavenge hours at a time for recyclable materials . They make cents a day selling cans , metals and plastic bags . Noun recruits the children at the dump to attend her organization because , she says , "  I do n't want them to continue picking trash and living in the dump . I want them to have an opportunity to learn . " Watch Noun describe what life is like for children at the trash dump " Growing up during the Pol Pot regime , Noun faced unimaginable challenges . "  There were no schools during Pol Pot 's regime , " she recalls . "  Everyone had to work in the fields . My mother was very smart . She told them that she did n't have an education . That was how she survived . If they knew she was educated , they would have killed her . " Noun 's mother died of cancer when Phymean was 15 . Phymean 's sister fled to a refugee camp , leaving her young daughter in Phymean 's care . "  When my mom passed away , my life was horrible , " says Noun . "  It was very sad because there was only my niece who was 3 years old at that time . " Yet Noun was determined to finish high school . Watch Noun describe the hardships of life during the Pol Pot regime " That dedication paid off , and after graduating she spent the next decade working with various aid organizations . "  I tell the children my story and about the importance of education , " she said . "  I 'm their role model . " Some of the children who attend her school continue to work in the dump to support themselves and their families . Without an education , she said , these children would be vulnerable to traffickers or continue to be caught in the cycle of poverty . "  We are trying to provide them skills that they can use in the future , " Noun said . "  Even though we are poor and struggling and do n't have money , we can go to school . I tell them not to give up hope . " Noun has even bigger plans for them . "  These children are our next generation and our country depends on them . They are our future leaders . "	Children are large source of labor at Cambodian capital 's largest trash dump Phymean Noun quit her job to give them an education -- and a way out Today she provides 240 children a free education , food and health services
CNN  -- A commuter airliner that crashed Thursday in upstate New York , killing 50 people , underwent violent pitching and rolling seconds before impact , with passengers experiencing twice the normal force of gravity , a federal investigator said Sunday . Only a few pieces of the Continental Connection Dash 8 turboprop were recognizable after the crash . The plane 's final 800-foot fall took five seconds , Steve Chealander of the National Transportation Safety Board said . The aircraft crashed into a home in Clarence Center , New York , near Buffalo , on Thursday night , killing all 49 people aboard . A 61-year-old man in the house died also , but his wife and daughter survived . Final motions of the aircraft were so drastic that the plane 's autopilot automatically disengaged and warnings sounded , Chealander said , citing information from the plane 's flight data and cockpit voice recorders . Also , a "  stick-shaker " device , which noisily vibrates an airplane 's controls to warn the pilot of imminent stall , kicked in , he said . The flight crew of Continental Connection Flight 3407 , operated by Colgan Air , discussed "  significant " ice buildup on the aircraft 's windshield and wings before the crash , and icing has become a focus as a possible cause . Follow the plane 's path " Chealander said the plane 's de-icing system was turned on 11 minutes after the flight left Newark , New Jersey , for Buffalo , and remained on for the entire flight . He said the pilots were told before departure from Newark that there was "  light to moderate icing " in the Buffalo area but that no other pilots had reported problems with their landings at the Buffalo airport . "  It was really not a bad-weather day , and they chose to launch -LSB- from Newark -RSB- , " Chealander said of the pilot and the first officer . The plane was on autopilot during its approach to the Buffalo airport , Chealander said . As to questions about whether the autopilot should have been turned off , Chealander said using it even in bad weather situations "  is normal . " Watch Chealander discuss autopilot options " "  You 're encouraged to use the autopilot to help you with the workloads of these high intense weather situations that we fly into all the time , " he said . He said the NTSB in the past has recommended to the Federal Aviation Administration , which oversees civil aviation including commercial airlines , that in severe icing conditions , "  it might be best to disconnect autopilot so that the pilot might have a better feel " for the aircraft 's conditions . However , severe icing is "  not what we saw here , " Chealander said , adding that the FAA has no such disengagement rule in effect . "  To say that they should not have been flying on autopilot is not correct , " Chealander said . The pilots ' recorded remarks about "  significant " icing did not indicate "  severe " icing , he said . The NTSB has said problems for the 74-seat Bombardier Dash 8 Q400 occurred when the pilots lowered the landing gear and tried to set the wing flaps to slow the aircraft for landing . Offering more details , Chealander said Sunday that the plane 's nose pitched up 31 degrees , then down 45 degrees . The aircraft rolled left 46 degrees then right 105 degrees , or past the 90-degree vertical point , he said . Inside the cabin , he said , conditions went from lower than normal gravitational force to twice the normal force as the plane rocked through the sky . iReport.com : Send your photos , videos from the scene Chealander said the NTSB 's investigation of the crash site indicated that the two propellers on the turboprop aircraft were in place when the crash occurred . "  The airplane had n't lost anything prior to impact . It came down intact , " he said . Meanwhile , local authorities working to recover remains of the victims said Sunday that a federal team of more than 40 people using some $ 2.8 million worth of scientific equipment would begin on Monday to help establish positive identification of the victims . But because of the intensity of the crash and a subsequent fire , "  whether we can identify everybody or not remains to be seen , " Erie County Health Commission Anthony Billittier said . Authorities had recovered 15 bodies as of Saturday night , but Billittier announced Sunday that numbers of recovered bodies will no longer be released "  out of respect for the families . "	NTSB : People aboard experienced twice the normal gravitational force before crash Plane rolled past the vertical point before it crashed into home , NTSB official says Thursday 's crash in upstate New York killed all 49 aboard plane , one in house Plane 's de-icing system was turned on 11 minutes after takeoff , NTSB says
CNN  -- The Violence Against Women Act has protected crime victims and helped police and prosecutors take violent criminals off our streets for nearly 20 years . After it became law in 1994 , it was reauthorized , with robust support from both parties , in 2000 and 2005 . Republicans played a prominent role in crafting the act , and particularly its protections for undocumented crime victims . But this time around , House Republicans are blocking its reauthorization and proposing a dramatic and dangerous rollback in its protection for immigrant victims of domestic violence , sexual assault and human trafficking . The House Reauthorization bill undermines two decades of relief for immigrant victims who suffer continuing abuse at the hands of U.S. citizens or permanent resident spouses or parents. The Violence Against Women Act has provided undocumented immigrant women and children , who might depend on their abusers for legal status or economic support , a special immigration remedy that helps victims  become independent and stops their assailants from trying to keep them quiet with threats of deportation . The House bill breaks with that history by weakening vital confidentiality provisions that protect immigrant spouse and child abuse victims from retaliation by keeping their abusers from interfering with the victims ' immigration case . A U-visa , a feature of the act , gives a person who is undocumented and a victim of certain violent crimes protection from deportation with legal status and work authorization . It is not easy to get one . You must meet certain criteria and agree to assist and continue assisting in law enforcement investigations and prosecutions . The nonpartisan Congressional Research Service reported that the Department of Homeland Security has incorporated safeguards for adjudicating these cases and there is no evidence of fraud . The House bill would put immigrant crime victims on a path "  from report to deport " by making U-visas temporary and contingent on factors outside the victim 's control , such as whether a rapist has been identified . It would also remove the possibility of lawful permanent resident status for those who , thanks to the U-visa , are able to summon the courage to report crimes and cooperate in criminal investigations and prosecutions . The U-visa has been instrumental in solving and preventing crimes . In one dramatic case , a police officer who investigated gangs helped an immigrant victim of domestic violence and sexual assault obtain U-visa certification from his department . This action ended up saving his life . The victim cooperated in the successful prosecution of her assailant . And she later warned the officer that her abuser 's gang had put out a contract to kill him and his partner . The House bill 's proposed changes would have ended in her deportation and , perhaps , those officers ' deaths . Members of Congress who once led efforts to offer immigration relief for crime victims included nearly equal numbers of Republicans and Democrats . I had the privilege of assisting these bipartisan collaborations to create special immigration protections for victims of spousal , child and elder abuse , the U-visa for cooperating crime victims and the T-visa for human trafficking victims . The crimes suffered by U-visa applicants and recipients are predominantly domestic violence , child and elder abuse , at 46 % ; rape , human trafficking and sexual assault , at 29 % ; felonious assault , murder and torture , at 11 % ; and kidnapping and false imprisonment , at 8 % . These are serious crimes indeed , and it is imperative that congressional leaders summon the political will to reauthorize the act before the end of December 2012 . Each new incarnation of the act has improved protections . In contrast to the House bill , the Senate Reauthorization bill  S1925  continues the long bipartisan history of expanding the act to assure better protections for domestic violence and sexual assault survivors . The Senate bill extends protection to members of the LGBT community and Native Americans ; prevents children from being denied benefits because they have grown too old during the long application process ; expands the pool of U-visas and adds stalking to the list of covered crimes . It also strengthens protections for foreign fiances and spouses of U.S. citizens through amendments to the International Marriage Broker Regulation Act . The Senate bill addresses an annual shortfall by increasing the cap on U-visas from 10,000 to 15,000 for each of the next eight years . This is not a net gain in allotted U-visas , but is a recapture of about 34,000 of roughly 74,000 U-visas that were authorized by Congress but never used . From 2001 to 2007 , thousands of applicants were granted interim relief , rather than the U-visas allotted for those years , while they waited for Department of Homeland Security to adjudicate their cases . The House bill keeps the cap at 10,000 and imposes restrictions that will make it impossible to investigate , solve and prosecute crimes when the victim is an immigrant . Every U-visa represents a tip to law enforcement and a cooperating witness . In a survey of nearly 8,000 U-visa cases , 99.45 % of U-visa applicants and U-visa holders either provided , or were willing to provide , critical information and ongoing cooperation with police and prosecutors . Police departments are benefiting greatly from the value of the U-visa in building good relationships with immigrant communities . HR 4970 would end U-visa protections and thus discourage victims ' cooperation with law enforcement , destabilizing the trust between police and immigrant communities the law has fostered for many years . Immigrant crime victims who receive U-visas have a legal obligation to continue cooperating with law enforcement as a requirement to file for lawful permanent residency . This allows police to maintain important sources of information . U.S. demographics are changing . Today 27 % of the U.S. population is either immigrants or has one or more immigrant parent . Passing the Senate 's proposals for the Violence Against Women Act will allow many victims of terrible crimes to come out of the shadows and find justice and safety . The opinions in this commentary are solely those of Leslye Orloff .	Leslye Orloff : GOP , Democrats have supported Violence Against Women Act since 1994 Orloff : House Republicans now want to block it , gut protections for immigrants Victims can report abuse , rape and human trafficking without fear of deportation , she says Orloff : Victims help police , prosecutors , but all this will be lost if House GOP plan prevails
CNN  -- It 's pretty hard to be a standout actor if you 're working with a bad script , so it 's no surprise that some of the year 's strongest performances came from screenplays nominated for a Writer 's Guild award . The East and West branches of the Writer 's Guild of America announced their nominees for outstanding achievement in writing for the screen on Friday . Among the titles are some very recognizable names , including "  American Hustle " filmmaker David O. Russell , "  Her " director Spike Jonze and venerated Hollywood figure Woody Allen . Follow the wins with our Awards tracker If you 're surprised by the names missing from this list , Entertainment Weekly notes that only union members or scripts crafted under the guidance of a guild agreement are eligible for nomination . That left "  12 Years A Slave 's " John Ridley and "  Philomena 's " Steve Coogan and Jeff Pope , three screenwriters who worked on two of this awards season 's big hits , disqualified from receiving an honor . The awards will be handed out at simultaneous ceremonies held in New York and Los Angeles on February 1 . Check out the nominees in the three screen categories below : Original screenplay  "  American Hustle , " written by Eric Warren Singer and David O. Russell  "  Blue Jasmine , " written by Woody Allen  "  Dallas Buyers Club , " written by Craig Borten and Melisa Wallack  "  Her , " written by Spike Jonze  "  Nebraska , " written by Bob Nelson Adapted screenplay  "  August : Osage County , " screenplay by Tracy Letts , based on his play  "  Before Midnight , " written by Richard Linklater , Julie Delpy and Ethan Hawke , based on characters created by Richard Linklater and Kim Krizan  "  Captain Phillips , " screenplay by Billy Ray , based on the book "  A Captain 's Duty : Somali Pirates , Navy SEALS and Dangerous Days at Sea " by Richard Phillips with Stephan Talty  "  Lone Survivor , " written by Peter Berg , based on the book by Marcus Lutrell with Patrick Robinson  "  The Wolf of Wall Street , " screenplay by Terence Winter , based on the book by Jordan Belfort Documentary screenplay  "  Dirty Wars , " written by Jeremy Scahill and David Riker  "  Herblock -- The Black & The White , " written by Sara Lukinson and Michael Stevens  "  No Place on Earth , " written by Janet Tobias and Paul Laikin  "  Stories We Tell , " written by Sarah Polley  "  We Steal Secrets : The Story of Wikileaks , " written by Alex Gibney See full coverage of Awards Season 2014	The Writer 's Guild of America has named its screen nominees Major players like David O. Russell , Spike Jonze and Woody Allen are among them Some major awards season contenders were disqualified from being nominated The WGA Awards will be handed out on February 1
CNN  -- More than 200,000 children were spanked or paddled in U.S. schools during the past school year , human rights groups reported Wednesday . Schools in 21 states can use corporal punishment . "  Every public school needs effective methods of discipline , but beating kids teaches violence , and it does n't stop bad behavior , " wrote Alice Farmer , the author of a joint report from Human Rights Watch and the American Civil Liberties Union . "  Corporal punishment discourages learning , fails to deter future misbehavior and at times even provokes it . " Corporal punishment in schools remains legal in 21 U.S. states and is used frequently in 13 : Missouri , Kentucky , Texas , Oklahoma , Arkansas , Louisiana , Mississippi , Alabama , Georgia , South Carolina , North Carolina , Tennessee and Florida , according to data received from the Office for Civil Rights at the U.S. Department of Education and cited in the report . The highest percentage of students receiving corporal punishment was in Mississippi , with 7.5 percent of students . The highest number was in Texas , with 48,197 students . "  When you talk to local school officials , they point to the fact that it 's quick and it 's effective -- and that 's true , " Farmer said . "  It does n't take much time to administer corporal punishment , and you do n't have to hire someone to run a detention or an after-school program . " But she said , "  We need forms of discipline that makes children understand why what they did was wrong . " In addition , corporal punishment can be linked to poverty and lack of resources . For instance , the report said , "  Teachers may have overcrowded classrooms and lack resources such as counselors to assist with particularly disruptive students or classroom dynamics . " Overall , 223,190 students received corporal punishment in 2006-07 , according to the Department of Education statistics . That number is down from 342,038 students in 2000-01 as more and more districts abolished corporal punishment . Watch how one Texas family feels about corporal punishment " The punishment is disproportionately applied to black students , according to the organizations . During the 2006-07 school year , for instance , black students made up 17.1 percent of the nationwide student population but 35.6 percent of those paddled at schools . Black girls were paddled at twice the rate of their white counterparts in the 13 states using corporal punishment most frequently . And although boys are punished more often than girls , the report found that African-American students in general are 1.4 times more likely to receive corporal punishment . In addition , special education students with mental or physical disabilities were more likely to receive corporal punishment , according to the ACLU and Human Rights Watch . Evangelical leader James Dobson 's influential Focus on the Family group is among those stopping short of calling for a full ban on paddling in schools . "  Corporal punishment is not effective at the junior and senior high school levels , and I do not recommend its application , " Dobson said on the organization 's Web site . "  It can be useful for elementary students , especially with amateur clowns  as opposed to hard-core troublemakers  . For this reason , I am opposed to abolishing spanking in elementary schools because we have systematically eliminated the tools with which teachers have traditionally backed up their word . We 're now down to a precious few . Let 's not go any further in that direction . " Andrea Cancellare said her then-13-year-old son was paddled -- or "  swatted " -- three years ago for flicking rubber bands in class , despite the fact she had written a letter directing school officials in Alpine , Texas , not to use corporal punishment against him . School officials told her they could not find the letter when she complained . When she approached the principal and superintendent , Cancellare said , they told her that "  most parents like this because it takes care of the punishment . It gets the kids back in class . It does n't disrupt instruction . It 's like the quick and dirty way of dealing with discipline problems . " Alpine Independent School District Superintendent Jose Cervantes said that both the principal and superintendent have taken other jobs , but for the past several years , the district has had a clear policy allowing parents to sign a waiver form and opt out of corporal punishment . "  It works on some , and it does n't work on others , " Cervantes said . "  If you 're one of the individuals that it does work on , yes , it will become a deterrent . " Cancellare disagrees . "  I do n't think it 's the school 's place to make decisions like that , " she said . "  I 'm not necessarily in favor of that kind of punishment in the house either , but I feel like if somebody makes that decision , it should be the parent . " Most states typically leave it up to individual districts whether to use corporal punishment , and some of the nation 's largest school districts -- among them Houston and Dallas , Texas ; Memphis , Tennessee ; Atlanta , Georgia ; and Mobile County , Alabama -- have banned the practice , according to the report . See where corporal punishment is legal " CNN 's Tracy Sabo and Vivienne Foley contributed to this report .	Human Rights Watch , ACLU say spanking "  discourages learning " Corporal punishment is used frequently in schools in 13 states ; it 's legal in 21 Rights groups say such punishments are often disproportionately applied Evangelical leader 's group says spanking "  can be useful " in elementary schools
CNN  -- It was 2:30 a.m. on the morning of June 4 , 1989 . From a balcony of the Beijing Hotel , I looked down Chang ` an Avenue towards Tiananmen Square a few hundred meters away . Red tracer bullets whizzed through the air . The crackle of gunfire echoed through the humid Beijing night . I could see armored vehicles of the People 's Liberation Army moving just in front of the famous portrait of Chairman Mao hanging above the vast square . Below me crowds gathered , surged forward , and then broke and dispersed as soldiers opened fire at them . Several people were hit . I watched as others loaded the dead and wounded onto flatbed bicycle carts . WATCH : "  Assignment China " As the drama unfolded , my colleagues and I reported it live on CNN over a scratchy phone line to transfixed TV audiences around the world . The events that night were a turning point for China , as well as a watershed moment in the history of the media . Weeks of student-led protests had become the largest movement for political reform in the history of the People 's Republic . The military crackdown I covered had far-reaching consequences , not only for China 's development but also for its relations with the rest of the world . Global coverage The protests generated unparalleled international coverage , and became a defining moment in the Information Age . It was the first time a popular uprising in an authoritarian state was broadcast live across the globe . According to Bernard Shaw , who anchored CNN 's live round-the-clock coverage from Beijing for much of the crisis : "  You could say that that was the beginning of the ` CNN effect ' " -- the idea , which became widespread after Tiananmen Square , that the immediacy of live TV news available 24 hours a day played a crucial role in influencing the behavior of key players during major crises . The images from that time -- the Goddess of Democracy , the man in front of the tank -- became enduring symbols of popular resistance to injustice . In the United States , the coverage of Tiananmen redefined the relationship between the press , public opinion , and foreign policy-making , and brought an end to the romance in Sino-American relations that had begun with Richard Nixon 's trip in 1972 . To this day , the event and the images continue to shape international perceptions of the country . It was no accident that at a U.S. Congressional hearing on Tiananmen in late May , lawmakers from both parties emphasized how the television coverage from 25 years ago had influenced popular views of China . Tiananmen legacy Inside China , Tiananmen also continues to exert a profound influence . The crisis in 1989 led paramount leader Deng Xiaoping to purge liberal officials who had sympathized with the students , and replace them with more conservative figures . Yet for Deng , a central lesson of Tiananmen was that public confidence in the Chinese Communist Party could only be maintained by continuing the market-oriented economic reforms begun in the 1980s . In the wake of Tiananmen , Deng pushed to revive and accelerate the reform process , triggering a bitter fight with the very conservatives he had relied on to back his decision to crack down in 1989 . In what was his last great political battle , Deng triumphed , and his efforts paved the way for China 's emergence as an economic powerhouse . Yet for the same reason -- ensuring the Party 's survival -- Deng also stifled any new moves towards political reform , as did those who followed him . In particular , fearing that the events of that June could undermine the Party 's legitimacy , Beijing has relentlessly sought to erase June 4 from public memory . All public discussion of the crisis is banned . Every Spring , the authorities move against anyone seeking to raise the issue , whether dissidents , lawyers , or relatives of those who died . The Communist Party in effect offered the Chinese people a bargain : greater economic opportunity and more personal -- as opposed to political -- freedom in return for not challenging the Party 's monopoly on power . ` Suffocating control ' Despite pervasive political repression , it is a bargain many Chinese have accepted . And with the passage of time , the suffocating control of any public discussion , along with stunning economic growth , has meant that for the vast majority of Chinese , the events of 1989 have faded from memory . An entire generation knows little but the official government version of what occurred . Yet memories of 1989 still haunt the Communist Party . Ensuring that nothing like it occurs again remains a central feature of Beijing 's policies on a host of issues . This can be seen in the exceptionally nervous reactions to the Arab spring and so-called "  color revolutions " in parts of the former Soviet Union , the growth of the internal security services , the intense repression in Tibet and Xinjiang , the harsh actions against dissidents like the imprisoned Nobel Peace Prize winner Liu Xiaobo , and the government 's management of the thousands of protests over local issues that occur in China every year . So far , Beijing 's approach has generally worked and the Chinese leadership has proved itself to be more skillful and resilient than many in 1989 would have predicted . However , with the country 's economy slowing , social and economic tensions rising , and the Internet and other new forms of communication giving citizens new tools to voice their opinions and generate political pressure , the Communist Party is facing new challenges -- which could give new resonance to the legacy of Tiananmen Square . Beijing 's approach to June 4 therefore remains a paradox . A quarter of a century later , the Communist Party still feels compelled to use all the powers of the state to convince people inside China that nothing worth remembering happened on a date that , outside the country , will be an occasion for reflection and analysis of what remains the gravest crisis the Party has faced since the revolution of 1949 .	Chinoy : The Tiananmen Square crackdown was a watershed moment in the history of Western media Coverage of the protests was the beginning of the "  CNN effect " To this day , the event and the images continue to shape international perceptions of the country
Kendrick Johnson 's family waited months for hundreds of hours of surveillance video , hoping it would answer their questions . It raised only others . Rather than showing how their 17-year-old son 's body ended up in a school gym mat in January , the four cameras inside the Valdosta , Georgia , gymnasium showed only a few collective seconds of Johnson , jogging . The camera fixed on the gym mats was blurry . Compounding the family 's suspicions was the nature of the gym videos . They 're jumpy , with students intermittently appearing and vanishing , and they bear no obvious timestamps . The Johnsons ' attorneys were not shy in stating their suspicion that someone could have tampered with the videos . "  They know their child did not climb into a wrestling mat , get stuck and die . Where is that video ? " Benjamin Crump asked . Attorney Chevene King questioned why time codes were n't shown in the videos . "  We do n't have any time code with which to synchronize the events that are shown in the video . ... Either the cameras did this on their own or a human being interacted to make these cameras do these things , " King said . Crump further said the family believes someone "  corrupted " the video . Lowndes County Schools insists the video is "  a raw feed with no edits , " and the Lowndes County Sheriff 's Office , which asserts Johnson accidentally died while reaching for a shoe in one of the mats , says it did n't edit any files , according to their lawyers . CNN , which filed suit to secure access to the video , hired forensic video analyst Grant Fredericks to analyze more than 290 hours of material from all 35 cameras inside and outside of the gym . Fredericks is a U.S. Justice Department consultant and contract instructor for the FBI National Academy in Quantico , Virginia . CNN also provided Fredericks and his company , the Spokane , Washington-based Forensic Video Solutions , with hundreds more hours of video from 31 cameras in other parts of Lowndes County High School . Fredericks quickly knocked down the Johnsons ' concerns -- they 're all easily explained , he said -- but his examination raised what could be another mystery : at least an hour of missing video from all four cameras inside the gym . "  Those files are not original files , " Fredericks said . "  They 're not something investigators should rely on for the truth of the video . " Addressing the Johnsons ' suspicions , Fredericks said the erratic motion in the video can be attributed to motion sensors triggering the cameras ' recording function , and the blurriness on the camera homing in on the gym mats is the product of an out-of-focus lens . As for the time stamp , it 's there ; investigators just need to know where to look , he said . Coroner slams handling of Kendrick Johnson case Fredericks was able to find a little more than 18 minutes of video showing Johnson throughout the school on January 10 . He 's first seen at 7:31 a.m. entering school and last seen at 1:09 p.m. , walking into the gym where he was found dead the next day . What Fredericks was n't able to find was video showing whether there was anyone in the gym when Johnson was there -- images that could prove vital in determining how the teen died . "  The surveillance video has  been altered in a number of ways , primarily in image quality and likely in dropped information , information loss , " he said . "  There are also a number of files that are corrupted because they 've not been processed correctly and they 're not playable . I ca n't say why they were done that way , but they were not done correctly , and they were not done thoroughly . So we 're missing information . " Two cameras in the gym are missing an hour and five minutes , their hiatus ending at 1:09 , when Johnson enters the gym . Another pair of cameras are missing two hours and 10 minutes each . They do n't begin recording again until 1:15 and 1:16 , according to their time stamps . What 's certain , based on video from a camera outside the gym , is that numerous students walked into the gym during the hour and five minutes that the cameras were n't recording , but it 's not clear whether that was sufficient to activate the cameras ' motion sensors . The time stamp on a camera outside the gym also appears to be 10 minutes behind the cameras inside the gym . "  I ca n't tell you whether there was no information recorded in the digital video system or whether somebody made an error and did n't capture it or whether somebody just did n't provide it , " Fredericks said . CNN has requested access to the original surveillance servers . But Fredericks cautions that the video could be gone , as newer surveillance would replace it if it was n't recovered promptly from the school 's digital video recorder . The police have said they did n't receive a copy of the videos until several days after Johnson 's body was found , according to an unredacted report obtained by CNN after a legal process . Fredericks told CNN he found it "  highly suspicious " that an hour of video could be missing , especially considering how the material was acquired by police . "  The investigator 's responsibility is to acquire the entire digital video recording system and have their staff define what they want to obtain , " he said . According to an incident report from the Sheriff 's Office , however , a detective watched a portion of the video then asked an information technology officer employed by the school board to produce a "  copy of the surveillance video for the entire wing of the school with the old gym for the last 48 hours . " Five days later , the sheriff 's report says , the IT officer delivered a hard drive to the detective , who verified it contained what he requested . "  Right now , what they 've done , is they 've left it up to the school district as to what it is they want to provide to the police , and I think that probably is a mistake , " Fredericks said . "  You do n't want somebody who might be party to the responsibility to make the decision as to what they provide the police . " He added , "  Until I have the digital video system in my hand and I can say , or an investigator can say , ` Everything is intact , and this is what was recorded , ' I would still be highly suspicious of this . " The Johnson family will now have to wait to see whether the school 's surveillance servers shed more light on their son 's death , but the teen 's parents say they wo n't be deterred . "  We are Kendrick Johnson , " his mother , Jacquelyn Johnson , said . "  That 's my child , and we 're going to fight until it 's all over , until we get the truth . That 's all we 've ever asked for -- was the truth about what happened to Kendrick Johnson . " The start of the story : A family demands answers	Surveillance from high school where Kendrick Johnson died raises questions However , it answers three of the Johnson family 's suspicions about the case Forensic expert finds more than an hour of video missing from four cameras Police should have seized videos rather than request them from school , expert says
CNN  -- The man that prosecutors say is behind the stabbing deaths of four homeless men in Southern California now stands accused of the brutal killing of a mother and brother of an old friend , authorities said . The latest allegations against Itzcoatl Ocampo , 23 , were made public Friday , shortly after authorities dropped charges against the friend , Eder Herrera , in the killings . Ocampo will be arraigned Monday on charges he stabbed to death 53-year-old Raquel Estrada and her 34-year-old son , Juan Herrera , Orange County District Attorney Tony Rackauckas told reporters . "  This case has expanded from murdering random , vulnerable strangers to murdering people he knew , " he said . Authorities say Estrada was stabbed more than 30 times and Herrera more than 60 times on October 25 , their bodies left in pools of blood inside their Yorba Linda home . Herrera , 24 , was arrested a day later in large part because of eyewitness statements and surveillance video from a nearby store that showed someone resembling Herrera in the area at the time of the killings , Rackauckas said . But the brutality and similarity of the attacks caught the attention of a law enforcement task force created to investigate the homeless killings . It is the latest twist in the case that began on December 20 when the body of a homeless man who had been stabbed more than 40 times turned up in Orange County . Herrera and Ocampo , an Iraq war veteran , had been friends since their high school days , Rackauckas said . The two lived about a mile apart , he said . The district attorney did not comment on a possible motive in the murders of Estrada and her son . While charges against Herrera were dropped , he remained in custody at the Orange County jail late Friday on an immigration hold , authorities said . Ocampo has been in custody since his January 13 arrest on suspicion of killing 64-year-old John Berry outside a Carl 's Jr. in Anaheim , authorities said . His arraignment in the homeless killings has been postponed until February 17 . Ocampo is also accused of killing James McGillivray , 50 , who was killed December 20 ; Lloyd "  Jimmy " Middaugh , 42 , who died December 27 and Paulus "  Dutch " Smit , 57 , killed on December 30 . Ocampo served in the Marines from July 2006 until July 2010 , and was deployed to Iraq for six months in 2008 , according to Marine service records . He completed his service , with the rank of corporal , with the 1st Marine Logistics Group at Camp Pendleton , south of Orange County . CNN 's Greg Morrison and Rosalina Nieves contributed to this report .	Itzcoatl Ocampo will be arraigned Monday on the new charges , the district attorney says Ocampo , 23 , is accused of the brutal stabbing death of Racquel Estrada and her son Authorities say Ocampo and Estrada 's son , Eder Herrera , are friends
CNN  -- North Korea is holding an American man who it claims arrived in the country this month to seek asylum , the nation 's state news agency reported Friday . KCNA identified the man as Miller Matthew Todd , who it says was taken into custody on April 10 . The man , according to KCNA , entered the country on a tourist visa . He tore his tourist visa and shouted that "  he would seek asylum " and "  came to the DPRK  North Korea  after choosing it as a shelter , " KCNA said . The report came on the day that U.S. President Barack Obama visited South Korea -- a trip that North Korea 's foreign ministry condemned as being "  aimed to escalate confrontation and bring dark clouds of a nuclear arms race . " The United States is aware of the report and has been in touch with Sweden -- which represents American interests in North Korea -- about it , State Department press secretary Jen Psaki said Friday . Psaki said the United States has "  no greater priority " than the welfare and safety of Americans , but had no further information to release about the situation . Photos : Americans detained abroad CNN 's Shirley Henry contributed to this report .	North Korea says American man wanted asylum Report comes as President Barack Obama visits South Korea U.S. State Department says it is aware of North Korean report
Rolling Stone  -- One question loomed large before Friday 's Alice in Chains concert at Madison Square Garden : How would new singer William Duvall measure up to Layne Staley , the band 's original front man , who died in 2002 ? On "  Black Gives Way to Blue , " the album Alice in Chains released last year with Duvall  ending a fourteen-year hiatus for the group  , the new guy sounds remarkably like Staley . In concert , the similarity became almost eerie : The band kicked off its set by nailing the first three tracks from 1992 's "  Dirt , "  "  Them Bones , " "  Dam That River " and "  Rain When I Die "  , with Duvall recreating Staley 's vocal lines with the same studiousness of guitarist Jerry Cantrell , who delivered his solos note-for-note . In that sense , Alice in Chains have changed : The show felt more like a recital than an exorcism , as it would have with Staley . Still , the crowd responded with cheers when Cantrell introduced "  Rooster " by saying , "  It 's been a long , strange trip , and I 'm really glad it 's still going . " It 's going great , in fact , "  Black Gives Way to Blue " has sold over half a million copies and produced three number one tracks on the Mainstream Rock chart . The band 's not on the nostalgia circuit : They 're arena rockers , and the polish they put on their music just comes with the territory . So do fans who know every word to the new songs , but shuffle off to buy a t-shirt during classic tracks like "  Down in a Hole " and the ever-creepy "  Love , Hate , Love . " The set , though , cohered well , with the new acoustic song "  Your Decision " sliding in alongside ' 94s "  No Excuses " as if the two were written in the same era , and the "  Black Gives Way to Blue " track "  Check My Brain " just as clobbering as the four older tunes that came before it . Cantrell and company are playing to their strengths , and on Friday , they sounded about as strong as they ever have . Opening act Deftones , meanwhile , held their own , especially when they played more recent material , which blends dreamy atmospherics into the band 's ultra-heavy attack . Frontman Chino Moreno , who has at times been criticized for sluggish performances , proved to be the night 's most energetic performer , bounding across the stage and unleashing his primal screams . Before the show , Moreno told "  Rolling Stone " that he has reevaluated his lifestyle since a 2008 car accident that left original Deftones bassist Chi Cheng in a semi-vegetative state . "  I watched some old videos of us , and I got choked up , " he said . "  It made me think about a lot of the things I was doing and the way I was living , and gave me an appreciation for life . My new drug is sweating . Now I go onstage and I feel lighter on my feet -- I feel more agile . " The Deftones and Alice in Chains sets both had an undercurrent of loss . But by night 's end , the overwhelming sense was of rebirth . Copyright  2010 Rolling Stone .	Alice in Chains performed at Madison Square Garden on Friday The band kicked off its set by nailing the first three tracks from their album "  Dirt " "  Black Gives Way to Blue " had three number one tracks on the Mainstream Rock chart
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Actor Derek Mears has a big hockey mask to fill . Derek Mears arrives on the red carpet at the Hollywood premiere of the new "  Friday the 13th " movie . Mears was cast as the iconic boogeyman Jason Voorhees in the new "  Friday the 13th " movie . A remake of the original 1980 film , the new movie aims to breathe life into the former franchise about a psychopathic killer who preys on a group of young people at the fictitious Camp Crystal Lake . Mears is no stranger to the horror genre , having co-starred in "  The Hills Have Eyes II . " His career is extensive and includes stints as a stuntman in two of the popular "  Pirates of the Caribbean " films . He recently spoke to CNN about taking a turn as the ultimate evil , the thrill of continuing a slasher legacy and why he 's really not that bloody nice . CNN : You are n't that scary in person , so what made you think you could be that scary on camera ? Derek Mears : I 've got a lot of issues . I 've got a whole lot of daddy issues . No , I sound like a basket case . It 's funny with acting -- we all wear masks in our normal life . Not to sound like a weirdo in the hockey mask , but like right now I 'm really excited about the film and excited about playing the character , and I will start to speak faster . That 's kind of what 's coming over me : "  Oh you 're , you 're really nice , " but ... on the other side of me there are other Dereks that are angry , and like I said before , have a little bit of issues . CNN : Tell me a little bit about how you were approached . Did you know they were making it before they came to you ? Was it kind of a shock ? Mears : It 's so weird . There 's two different versions . There 's my version of how it went about , and there 's the producer 's version . I 'll tell the producer 's version because my version is really , really long . The short version of my version was I heard they were doing a new "  Friday the 13th , " and I 've never tried to pursue a role before and I went , I really want to do this . So when I heard they were doing it , before I even had an audition , I started training for it . I found out a little about what they wanted for the character -- that he was n't going to be super , you know bulky or big , that he 's more functional . He 's still big , but he 's lean . So I started training that way and trying to do what I could just to get an audition . On the other end , on the producer 's end , they asked a bunch of different industry professionals . They said , "  Hey , were doing a new ` Friday the 13th . ' Who do you think would be a great new Jason ? " And my name kept popping up , which I 'm blown away by . They brought me in for an audition , and I met with them . and they called me the next day and went , "  OK , you 're the guy . " And I still do n't believe it till this day . I 'm blown away . CNN : How did you keep it light on the set ? Mears : Believe it or not , all the actors ... got along so well . I have never been so close to a cast before on set . We were just goofing around and playing , but then when it 's time to work and get serious with certain scenes , we 'd all switch over and do our job and get to the point where we needed to . CNN : Had you seen any of the original "  Friday the 13th " movies ? Mears : Oh yeah . I mean , I 'm a fan . I consider myself a fan of the series . I already knew all of the originals . I had them all on DVD , and when I first met with Platinum Dunes -LSB- the production company behind the new movie -RSB- , I told them , "  Hey look , I 'm a fan of the series first and foremost . If I 'm right for the part , fantastic . If I 'm not right for the part , that 's OK , too . I , just as a fan , want to see a good ` Friday the 13th ' film . I want to see the series continue so if I can help it , awesome , but I just want to see something good . " CNN : Did you try to model your character after previous Jasons , or did you try to kind of take it and make it your own ? Mears : Definitely make it my own . I used the script that Mark Swift and Damian Shannon wrote as a blueprint -- like you would for any acting role where I knew the other guys who 've played "  Jason " before , and what they 've done , but you kind of shove that away somewhere deep in your brain and build your character from the new script . And there are times in the film here and there where I would do little tips of the hats or little homage for the guys who have played him before . CNN : It 's kind of a dream come true . Mears : Yeah , that 's why I keep saying the words this whole interview like "  unbelievable , " unbelievable because I do n't believe it . CNN : Which is funny . You do n't usually think of such happiness and glee -LSB- on a horror movie set -RSB- . Mears : And trust me , you wo n't see that in the final product . CNN 's Brittany Kaplan contributed to this article .	Actor Derek Mears takes on role of Jason in new "  Friday the 13th " Actor heard from producers that he was a popular casting choice Of iconic role , Mears says he tried to "  definitely make it my own "
CNN  -- After an unexpected loss in the Republican primary , former House Majority Leader Eric Cantor resigned from Congress and nabbed the brass ring : A lucrative vice chairmanship at boutique investment firm Moelis & Co. , along with a slot on its board of directors . The ex-representative for Virginia 's 7th Congressional District will be making at least $ 1.6 million next year in addition to a hefty signing bonus . The revolving door to Wall Street is a fact of political life in Washington and wo n't change anytime soon . That 's still no excuse for ignoring it . According to the Center for Responsive Politics , at least a dozen lawmakers have left public office since 2007 to work for Wall Street firms with a lobbying presence in Washington -- often heading up their D.C. operations , as Cantor will be doing . But if the only result is that former congressional members are handsomely rewarded for their expertise , then what 's the harm ? The problem is that they 're not hired for their expertise in finance ; they may not even know much of anything about investment banking or finance . They 're hired to influence legislation by making introductions and giving the kind of insider advice that nobody , not even the best-connected K Streeters , have . People like Cantor are not technically lobbyists , but they are expected to use their knowledge as former insiders to strategize for their new employers about how to navigate Congress and who they need to lobby in order to pass , kill or -- as is most typical -- stall legislation . In short , they can help devise the plan to shepherd their new employer 's agenda through Capitol Hill . What Cantor will do for Moelis merits scrutiny because the ability to hire a marquee name like Eric Cantor means that his new bosses and shareholders have a substantial leg up , not just on the competition , but on civil servants whose job it is to produce policy that serves the public rather than private interest . Of course , the perspectives of companies like Moelis & Co. are legitimate and useful and should never be censored . Companies providing more information to policymakers is ideal , as long as it 's not deceptive or misleading . Tea party 's take on Eric Cantor : We told you so However , members of Congress are continually pitched by the special interests on which they depend on to fund their re-election efforts . They receive expert opinions polished and shaped for their easy adoption from the very people who are supplying their campaign cash . Both sides have serious conflicts of interest . If members of Congress want to know how positions favored by various interests would affect their district , state or the national interest , they have to do their own due diligence by hunting down a source for credible , expert , unbiased research or produce it themselves . They may not hear from their constituents , especially on arcane issues that pit one industry against another . In addition , they face time pressures , reduced committee and office budgets as well as limited staff and resources . So it should be no surprise that Congress is an easy mark for a former member to not only navigate but exploit . Wall Street bosses expect that former Washington movers and shakers on their payroll will offer access and a shortcut to success , if not outright deliver , on their clients ' agendas . What people like Cantor could do is end up serving themselves and their employer at the risk of doing a huge disservice to their former constituents . If the money outweighs all other concerns , the broader public interest rarely wins . Elected officials and the staff that help them keep up with complex issues are largely driven , we hope and expect , by a desire to make a difference in the world . The revolving door lures them away from the public service to work on behalf of elite interests that are elite , in part , because they 're already investing big money to play the Washington Game . Let 's hope in his new role , Cantor is merely the well-paid VIP shown off to impress clients , and not also required to put his thumb on the scale on their behalf .	Former Congressman Eric Cantor has a new lucrative job at an investment firm Sheila Krumholz : The revolving door to Wall Street is a fact of life in Washington She says ex-politicians risk doing a huge disservice to their former constituents Krumholz : People like Cantor are expected to advance private moneyed interests
London  CNN  It might sound like a really old wives ' tale , but a thousand-year-old Anglo-Saxon potion for eye infections may hold the key to wiping out the modern-day superbug MRSA , according to new research . The 10th-century "  eyesalve " remedy was discovered at the British Library in a leather-bound volume of Bald 's Leechbook , widely considered to be one of the earliest known medical textbooks . Christina Lee , an expert on Anglo-Saxon society from the School of English at the University of Nottingham , translated the ancient manuscript despite some ambiguities in the text . "  We chose this recipe in Bald 's Leechbook because it contains ingredients such as garlic that are currently investigated by other researchers on their potential antibiotic effectiveness , " Lee said in a video posted on the university 's website . "  And so we looked at a recipe that is fairly straightforward . It 's also a recipe where we are told it 's the ` best of leechdoms ' -- how could you not test that ? So we were curious . " Lee enlisted the help of the university 's microbiologists to see if the remedy actually worked . The recipe calls for two species of Allium  garlic and onion or leek  , wine and oxgall  bile from a cow 's stomach  to be brewed in a brass vessel . "  We recreated the recipe as faithfully as we could . The Bald gives very precise instructions for the ratio of different ingredients and for the way they should be combined before use , so we tried to follow that as closely as possible , " said microbiologist Freya Harrison , who led the work in the lab at the School of Life Sciences . The book included an instruction for the recipe to be left to stand for nine days before being strained through a cloth . Efforts to replicate the recipe exactly included finding wine from a vineyard known to have existed in the ninth century , according to Steve Diggle , an associate professor of sociomicrobiology , who also worked on the project . The researchers then tested their recipe on cultures of MRSA , methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus , a type of staph bacterium that does not respond to commonly used antibiotic treatments . The scientists were n't holding out much hope that it would work -- but they were astonished by the lab results . "  What we found was very interesting -- we found that Bald 's eyesalve is incredibly potent as an anti-Staphylococcal antibiotic in this context , " Harrison said . "  We were going from a mature , established population of a few billion cells , all stuck together in this highly protected biofilm coat , to really just a few thousand cells left alive . This is a massive , massive killing ability . " Diggle said the team also asked collaborators in the U.S. to test the recipe using an "  in vivo " wound model -- meaning it 's in a live organism -- "  and basically the big surprise was that it seems to be more effective than conventional antibiotic treatment . " The scientists were worried they would n't be able to repeat the feat . But three more batches , made from scratch each time , have yielded the same results , Harrison said , and the salve appears to retain its potency for a long time after being stored in bottles in the refrigerator . The team says it now has good , replicated data showing that the medicine kills up to 90 % of MRSA bacteria in "  in vivo " wound biopsies from mice . Harrison says the researchers are still not completely sure how it works , but they have a few ideas -- namely , that there might be several active components in the mixture that work to attack the bacterial cells on different fronts , making it very hard for them to resist ; or that by combining the ingredients and leaving them to steep in alcohol , a new , more potent bacteria-fighting molecule is created in the process . "  I still ca n't quite believe how well this 1,000-year-old antibiotic actually seems to be working , " Harrison said . "  When we got the first results we were just utterly dumbfounded . We did not see this coming at all . " She added : "  Obviously you can never say with utter certainty that because it works in the lab it 's going to work as an antibiotic , but the potential of this to take on to the next stage and say , ` yeah , really does it work as an antibiotic ' is just beyond my wildest dreams , to be honest . " Lee , who translated the text from Old English , believes the discovery could change people 's views of the medieval period as the "  Dark Ages . " "  The Middle Ages are often seen as the ` Dark Ages ' -- we use the term ` medieval ' these days ... as pejorative -- and I just wanted to do something that explains to me how people in the Middle Ages looked at science , " she said .	Researchers say a medieval remedy made of garlic , onion , wine , bile may be able to defeat MRSA superbug Ancient recipe was found in 10th-century medical book at the British Library
CNN  -- A passenger who claimed to have a device surgically implanted inside her spurred authorities to divert a North Carolina-bound jetliner to Maine on Tuesday , federal officials said . Doctors aboard US Airways Flight 787 examined the woman and found no sign of recent scars , according to the office of Rep. Peter King , the chairman of the House Homeland Security Committee . A federal law enforcement source who had been briefed on the matter told CNN the woman would likely receive a psychological evaluation and posed "  basically no threat . " Nevertheless , the Paris-to-Charlotte flight made an unscheduled stop in Bangor "  out of an abundance of caution , " the Transportation Security Administration said . U.S. fighter jets escorted the plane to the airport , and passengers said the woman was taken off the plane in handcuffs after landing . iReport : Were you there ? Share images , video The Boeing 767 carried 179 passengers and a crew of nine , US Airways spokeswoman Liz Landau told CNN . Andrew Kobayashi , a passenger on the flight , said the woman was sweaty and acting nervous . "  I had briefly noticed her in the back of the plane being a weirdo , " said Kobayashi , who was seated several rows further forward . A senior federal law enforcement official told CNN that authorities have determined that no bomb was involved in the incident . The woman handed a note to the flight crew indicating that she had had a device implanted in her body , but did not say the device was a bomb or that she was threatening the flight , the official said . While still in the air , the plane 's crew told passengers the flight was landing in Bangor because of uncharacteristically strong headwinds that that required the flight to take on more fuel , Kobayashi and other passengers said . But after the jet landed , they said one of the pilots apologized to passengers for the deception . "  He said he normally liked to keep the passengers informed , but the TSA and customs control had ordered him to do this , " passenger William Milam told CNN . Kobayashi said authorities boarded the plane after landing in Bangor and handcuffed the woman , who appeared to be in her mid-20s to mid-30s . "  I was more bewildered than worried . It was happening very quickly and very quietly , " he said . iReport : Search dog boards plane Milam said he had helped the woman stow her carry-on luggage . She had been one of the last passenger to board the flight in Paris , and she was moved to the front of the plane before it took off . "  Then there were announcements that someone was ill , and was there a doctor onboard . It turned out that it was for her , " he said . The doctor and flight attendants helped her to the back of the plane , where she remained for several hours without incident . King 's office said the woman is a Cameroon-born French citizen who was headed to the United States for a 10-day visit . She was traveling alone and had no checked baggage . There was no indication she was on any kind of government watch list , the federal law enforcement source said . CNN 's Dana Ford , Lizzie O'Leary , Terry Frieden , Deirdre Walsh , Deborah Feyerick , Chuck Johnston , Bill Mears and Aaron Cooper contributed to this report .	NEW : The woman was "  in the back of the plane being a weirdo , " a passenger tells CNN NEW : Passengers say the flight crew apologized for a false story about the diversion The woman claimed to have a device implanted in her , but never claimed to have a bomb She will likely undergo psychological tests , a federal source told CNN
CNN  -- Like many parents across the city of Liverpool , the McManamans waited . Twenty-five years ago , it was all they could do . There were no mobile phones to call , no text messages that could be sent to calm the frayed nerves of concerned families . Twitter was n't on-hand to provide minute-to-minute updates ; Facebook statuses could n't be refreshed to comfort worried relatives . So they waited , hoping to see their son Steve appear at the bottom of the road . "  I was there , so I remember everything about the day , " recalls the man who was that teenage boy . Now 42 , Steve McManaman went on to play more than 250 games for Liverpool Football Club between 1990 and 1999 . But back then , he was still making his way as a professional player . "  I traveled along with the Liverpool youth team , the apprentices and the reserves , to watch the game , " he tells CNN . "  I was always OK because I was with the team and the players ' wives , so we were in the main stand . Fortunately I was in the stand watching the incident unfold in front of me . It was a harrowing experience . "  It should n't happen when you get up in the morning and go to watch a football match . " It was April 15 , 1989 . Liverpool 's senior team was contesting an FA Cup semifinal against Nottingham Forest 75 miles away at the Hillsborough Stadium in Sheffield . While McManaman was able to return home to his family , others never would . The death of 96 fans on that spring afternoon cast a shadow which still hangs over a sport , a football club and a city . The match kicked off at 15:00 local time but within minutes it had been abandoned , the football becoming irrelevant when framed against the human tragedy unfolding in the Leppings Lane stand . In those days huge banked terraces were commonplace in English football . Metal fences separated the thousands gathered in the stands from the pitch . The fatal crush in such a terrace at Hillsborough sent a jolt through England 's Football Association , eventually leading to the introduction of all-seater stadia . "  That was the end of standing in stadiums , " McManaman says . "  The stadiums are safe now , they 're all modernized and better . " It is a tragedy that is not just felt in the red-jersey-wearing half of Liverpool . On that same day , Merseyside 's other football club Everton also contested an FA Cup semifinal against Norwich City . The blue half of Liverpool celebrated a 1-0 win and a place in the final , but it was n't long before that joy was tempered by the realization that their neighbors had just endured their darkest hour . Among the thousands of Evertonians who had ventured 100 miles south to the game at Villa Park , in the city of Birmingham , was a young Jamie Carragher . Carragher went on to become a part of Liverpool folklore , making over 500 appearances for the Reds and helping them to win the European Champions League in 2005 before retiring last year . But before he became a professional footballer , Carragher was an Everton supporter and , like many others , he was unaware of what had unfolded at Hillsborough . "  It was in the days before mobile phones , so it was very difficult to know what was going on , really , " says Carragher , who spent his entire 16-year playing career with Liverpool . "  We heard reports , stories . It was n't just a Liverpool tragedy , it was a Liverpool city tragedy . "  The Everton fans and Everton football club have both played a major part in it over the last 25 years and I think the whole city felt it . " And there are many still feeling it today . Relatives of those who died have fought a tireless campaign for justice . After a quarter of a century , the end may finally be in sight . A fresh inquest into the tragedy began last month after the initial verdict of "  accidental death " verdict that had stood for over two decades was quashed in December 2012 by the High Court . A jury will decide on a range of issues relating to that fateful day , including whether police amended statements to deflect blame away from the force and onto Liverpool fans . The inquest could run until 2015 . Later this month Liverpool will pay its respects . The club will stage a charity match on April 21 , with a host of former players -- including Carragher and McManaman -- turning out to raise money for the Hillsborough Family Support Group . "  Now I 'm not a player I 'll still go , former players go back , " Carragher says . "  We 're there to pay our respects to the 96 and also to the families that are there . " Despite Liverpool 's rich and proud history -- five European Cups and 18 English championships -- McManaman regrets that the team will always be intrinsically connected to British football 's darkest day . "  It 's sad really , but certain disasters do shape football teams , " he says . "  It 's just sad that you always refer back to disasters . "	The Hillsborough stadium disaster claimed lives of 96 football fans on April 15 , 1989 Former Liverpool player Steve McManaman was in the stands at ground in Sheffield The tragedy united the English city , with Everton supporters also mourning those who died It led to a change in stadium safety rules , while a new inquest has begun
CNN  -- The boyfriend of a 16-year-old , pregnant Texas girl who says her parents tried to force her to have an abortion told CNN on Monday that the couple never considered terminating the pregnancy . "  We were always determined to have the baby , " Evan Madison told CNN 's Piers Morgan . The parents of the girl , who is 10 weeks pregnant , agreed Monday in a state court not to coerce her to have an abortion , an anti-abortion group representing the girl said . "  We just achieved an agreed order , " Stephen Casey , a lawyer and founder of The Texas Center for Defense of Life , told CNN in a telephone interview Monday afternoon . Casey had argued that Roe v. Wade , the historic 1973 Supreme Court decision that guaranteed women the right to have an abortion , works both ways . "  Roe was about the right to choose , " Casey told CNN prior to the order being signed . "  This young woman has the right to choose to have her child . " Legal experts said that no one can force anyone , minor or not , to undergo an abortion . Monday 's legal action was intended , the girl 's lawyer said , to stop the parents from trying to influence their daughter to undergo the procedure . Madison , 16 , said he and the girl plan to get married . The legal age to marry in Texas is 16 with parental consent . Both teens were in the courtroom on Monday . They sat separately from the girl 's parents , who are divorced . The girl lives with her mother . The parents have denied the allegations in the lawsuit and called the case baseless . Their attorney did not respond to requests from CNN for comment . The center , which is active in Republican politics nationwide , says it is dedicated to "  aggressively defending the sanctity of human life . " The lawyers were first contacted by the boy 's mother , who said that the girl 's parents were threatening both teens , according to Casey , who said the center then contacted the girl and offered their services gratis . The lawsuit alleged that the girl 's mother threatened to "  slip  the teen  an abortion pill , " took her daughter 's phone and car and kept her home from school to punish her for choosing not to abort her fetus . The mother told the teen that she was "  making the biggest mistake of her life " by choosing to have the child and that the mother herself had undergone numerous abortions , so her daughter should , too , the lawsuit said . It added that the pregnant girl 's father told her he "  was going to look into canceling " her health insurance . He texted his daughter that she "  needs an ass whoopin ' , " the document said . The parents told their daughter she could "  continue to live in misery " in their home or she could "  have the abortion and tell everyone it was a miscarriage , " the lawsuit added . The girl 's parents denied in court records all allegations and asked to have the cost of retaining an attorney reimbursed . That request was not granted . In the interest of protecting the girl 's privacy , CNN is not identifying her or her parents . However , the restraining order includes the parents ' names . "  Under Texas procedure when it 's a case involving and alleging abuse of a minor , the minor 's identity should be protected , and the girl 's attorneys might have violated that , " said Susan Hays , an attorney and legal adviser to Jane 's Due Process , an Austin-based nonprofit organization that represents pregnant minors in the state . Jane 's Due Process , which supports the right to legal abortion , is not involved in this case . "  There 's an understanding that we will not make law on the back of a 16-year-old girl , and that 's what her attorneys are doing , " said Hays . "  I 'm appalled that they 've done this to this girl . Putting the girl 's parents ' names in court documents ... her attorneys have done a lousy job protecting her confidentiality . " Hays said the lawyers could have used the parents ' initials or included less detail about the family . Casey responded that the courts had notified child protective services about the abuse allegations . Last year Casey 's group represented a 14-year-old from Corpus Christi who said her family wanted to force her to have an abortion . The girl did n't want to abort the fetus , Casey said , and her grandmother and cousins were allegedly abusive to the teen . The lawyer in that case , which was settled and a confidential agreement reached , did not disclose the girl 's name , Casey said . He would not say whether the girl had an abortion . Catholic hospital backpedals on fetus argument Watch Piers Morgan Live weeknights 9 p.m. ET . For the latest from Piers Morgan click here .	NEW : Girl 's boyfriend tells CNN they never considered an abortion Parents say they wo n't push their 16-year-old daughter to undergo an abortion Restraining order filed against parents alleges parents threatened teen An attorney not involved in case says girl 's lawyer did n't do enough to protect her identity
CNN  -- The FBI is investigating as a possible hate crime an incident in which a woman was beaten to the ground in front of her child at the entrance to a Cracker Barrel restaurant in Morrow , Georgia , south of Atlanta . Troy Dale West , of Poulan , Georgia , is facing battery and cruelty to children charges after the incident . Troy Dale West Jr. , of Poulan , Georgia , is facing charges including misdemeanor battery and disorderly conduct after allegedly beating Army reservist Tashawnea Hill , 35 , after the two had words at the entrance of the Morrow , Georgia , restaurant the evening of September 9 . Hill , an African-American , told police that West , 47 , yelled racial epithets at her as the attack took place . "  He did punch me with a closed fist repeated times . My head is still hurting today . I have knots on my head , " Hill told CNN Wednesday night , adding she also was kicked . Police said witnesses confirmed her account . The FBI has "  initiated an investigation in the matter to determine if a civil rights violation occurred , " the agency said in a statement . Because the alleged incident happened in full view of Hill 's 7-year-old daughter , the Clayton County district attorney 's office added a felony charge of cruelty to children . " -LSB- The woman 's daughter -RSB- was visibly upset the night of the attack , " according to Capt. James Callaway of the Morrow Police Department , who said he was on the scene shortly after the alleged attack . A police report of the incident said Hill 's daughter was "  crying uncontrollably and her body -LSB- was -RSB- shaking/trembling " from witnessing the attack . Watch Hill discuss ordeal with CNN 's Rick Sanchez " Hill told police the incident started when she and her daughter were entering the restaurant at the same time West and his wife were exiting . "  The man slung open the door pretty hard and fast and I had to push my daughter out of the way , " Hill told CNN affiliate WSB-TV . "  I turned to the man and I just said , ` Excuse me sir , you need to watch yourself ; you almost hit my daughter in the face . ' And from there it just went downhill . " West , according to the police report , admitted striking Hill "  after she spit on me and accused me of trying to hit her daughter with a door . " Appearing on CNN Wednesday night , Hill and her attorney , Kip Jones , denied that she spat on West . Jones said he saw surveillance video of the incident . "  At no point did Ms. Hill do anything to provoke the attack . She did not spit on Mr. West . She spoke to him . He attacked her , " Jones said . Police say Hill stated that "  West punched her in the left cheek , forehead , kicked her body in several places , and punched her head in many areas several times . " The Cracker Barrel 's manager told police he stepped between West and Hill to stop the alleged assault . Cracker Barrel spokeswoman Julie Davis said Wednesday that the restaurant was cooperating fully in the police investigation . "  It 's just terrible when something like this happens anywhere , let alone in one of our stores , " Davis said . "  It 's worth noting that Cracker Barrel employees did their best to assist Hill as soon as they became aware of the situation . " Jones said he was "  convinced this was a hateful , racist attack ... based on the N-word , the B-word , etc. " "  The language was vile . It was racist . It was sexist . It was completely offensive , completely unprovoked , " Jones said . CNN 's efforts to reach West at his home and business were unsuccessful . Police said they had no indication West had an attorney . He is free on bond awaiting a hearing in the incident , the Clayton County jail said . Hill was treated at a hospital after the attack and released . The Clayton County district attorney has forwarded surveillance video of the incident to the FBI . Edward DuBose , president of the Georgia State Conference of the NAACP , said Wednesday his organization was concerned about the alleged assault . "  We do know that to see a young mother beat -LSB- and -RSB- grabbed the way this young lady was , raised concern to us in this community , " DuBose said at a news conference in Morrow . "  Certainly it raised concern in this incident that some of the language ... was used toward this mother . " He said he hoped the FBI would ensure "  that justice is served . " He said his organization had n't spoken to Hill , but that it planned to reach out to her .	Woman : I 'm still in pain a week after attack The FBI is investigating to see whether "  a civil rights violation occurred " Police report says "  West punched -LSB- Hill -RSB- in the left cheek , forehead " Troy Dale West said Tashawnea Hill spit upon him ; Hill denies it
CNN  -- Stephen Breyer is known as one of the most active and engaging justices on the Supreme Court . He 's also been known to take a painful spill , every now and then . One such fall -- from the bicycle he was riding Friday afternoon near the Korean War Veterans Memorial in Washington -- landed the associate justice in an ambulance , and eventually at MedStar Georgetown University Hospital , the Supreme Court announced in a press release . It is the third publicly known major bike crash for Breyer in the last two decades . At the hospital , the 74-year-old was diagnosed with a proximal humerus fracture -- the humerus being the upper bone of the arm . He underwent reverse shoulder replacement surgery on Saturday morning . Unlike in a healthy shoulder , where the humerus ends in a ball shape and fits into the shoulder blade to form a shoulder , in reverse shoulder replacement surgery the anatomy is reversed . In other words , a new metal "  ball " is attached to the shoulder blade , or scapula , and a plastic cup is put at the upper end of the humerus bone . Patients typically leave the hospital after this procedure -- first approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration in 2003 -- in two or three days , according to the American Academy of Ortophaedic Surgeons . The Supreme Court said Breyer is expected to head home early next week . It 's not the first time that he 's tumbled off his bike and ended up in a hospital . In 1993 , he had a nasty accident when a car stuck him in Harvard Square while he was on his two-wheeler . He suffered a punctured lung and broken ribs . Then , over Memorial Day weekend in 2011 , Breyer broke his right collarbone after falling off his two-wheeler in Cambridge , Massachusetts , where he has a second home . He 's had bad luck in other ways as well . An intruder armed with a machete robbed Breyer , two guests and his wife -- renowned pediatric psychologist Dr. Joanna Breyer -- while they were vacationing on the Caribbean island of Nevis in February 2012 . Breyer robbed at machete-point during vacation Three months later , his Washington home was burglarized . CNN 's Bill Mears contributed to this report .	Stephen Breyer , 74 , fell off his bike near the Korean War Veterans Memorial He underwent "  reverse shoulder replacement " surgery , the Supreme Court says Breyer is expected to be released from the hospital early next week
CNN  -- Sergio Garcia knows the law well . He has a law degree and passed the California bar exam -- on his first try . Now he wants to practice that law , giving advice and taking on cases . "  I 'm fighting for my American dream , " he said . Wednesday was a landmark day -- his first case before the California Supreme Court . But he 's not able to act as a lawyer in front of the justices , because the law he loves is not on his side . Garcia , 36 , has been an undocumented immigrant since he was brought to the United States as a child from his native Mexico , and that means he can not get a law license . It does n't matter what qualifications he has . It also does n't matter that he has been approved for a green card since 1995 and has been on the waiting list since . The line for Mexican citizens is so long it could be another six or seven years before his permanent residency is confirmed , he estimated . He has the support of California Attorney General Kamala Harris , who wrote in a brief to the state supreme court last year : "  Admitting Garcia to the bar would be consistent with state and federal policy that encourages immigrants , both documented and undocumented , to contribute to society . " And the state bar wants to admit him . In many ways it seems straightforward : How can someone without legal status become licensed as a lawyer , whose job entails upholding the law ? That 's the argument made by the Department of Justice in an amicus brief to the court . "  Aliens , including those that lack immigration status , are presumptively ineligible to receive public benefits , " such as a law license , officials wrote , referring to a 1996 law signed by President Clinton . The argument is that the court is partially funded by the state , and the state can not fund an undocumented immigrant , so the court may not issue a law license . But Garcia and his supporters believe the issue is not that simple as they make their arguments before the California Supreme Court on Wednesday . In addition to Garcia 's lawyer , Jerome Fishkin , James Wagstaffe for the California State Bar , Ross Moody for the Attorney General 's office and Tenny Daniel for U.S. Department of Justice appeared in court . The case is being closely watched for the precedent it could set , not just for California , but the nation . The court 's decision could affect hundreds of other young professionals in this country seeking a license , according to Vctor Nieblas , an immigration attorney based in Southern California . Garcia 's case has received nationwide attention because of two similar cases in Florida and New York . In Florida , bar admissions candidate and undocumented immigrant Jose Manuel Godinez-Samperio , 26 , passed the bar and also could n't receive his law license . He , along with the Florida Board of Bar Examiners , petitioned the state supreme court in December 2011 for an advisory opinion : "  Are undocumented immigrants eligible for admission to the Florida Bar ? " In New York , City University of New York law graduate Cesar Vargas , 29 , who was also brought to the United States illegally as a child , filed an application to practice law in 2012 . Vargas has also advocated for a federal DREAM Act and helped launch the DREAM Action Coalition , a political and lobbying voice to help pass federal and state legislation for undocumented youth . All three men have been open about their immigration status . "  Basically all I 'm seeking is my law license in California , which I already had but was taken away from me because I 'm undocumented , " Garcia said to CNN en Espa  ol . For about two weeks , Garcia was sworn in as an attorney . Then he received a notice from the state bar that his admission was in error . "  It was very , very hard for me to have to tell my family that the celebration we had meant nothing , " Garcia said . "  It killed me inside to tell them that I really was n't a lawyer . " Many undocumented immigrants brought to the United States as children qualify for two-year work visas under President Obama 's Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program , but Garcia is too old to be eligible . He qualifies for a green card through his father , who became a lawful permanent resident under the 1986 amnesty law , but is still waiting . "  Immigrants must wait longer if they are from Mexico , India , China or the Philippines , because lots of people from those countries want to immigrate to the U.S. , and so demand is greater than supply , " said Hiroshi Motomura , professor of immigration and citizenship law at the UCLA School of Law , "  This seems superficially fair but I believe it 's quite unfair and unequal , because the waiting period can vary so much . " Larry DeSha , former prosecutor for the State Bar of California , said Garcia should n't be given his law license because his immigration status would be in violation of a civil immigration statute and could affect his ability to represent his clients . "  If Mr. Garcia works or not is a separate question that deserves independent analysis , " Nieblas said . Motomura 's view is that although undocumented immigrants generally may not be employees , they can be independent contractors . They could take clients as solo practitioners , to work on specific cases or projects , or to have an ongoing relationship as long as they had multiple clients . This ability to work as an independent contractor also means they could do volunteer legal work of certain kinds . The U.S. Constitution guarantees public educational access through high school . Beyond high school there is no constitutional guarantee of access , but traditionally each state can decide to admit undocumented students to its public colleges and universities . Some bar them , some admit them as nonresidents at higher tuition , and some , like California , admit them at resident tuition rates . Motomura said whatever California decides , "  it is a decision that the federal government should and must respect . " The California Supreme Court has up to 90 days to decide on the future of Garcia . If it denies him his law license , he said he is prepared to take his case to the U.S. Supreme Court . Should it be legal for an undocumented immigrant to practice law ? Share your thoughts in the comments .	Undocumented immigrant Sergio Garcia fights for his California law license Is it legal for an undocumented immigrant to practice law ? "  I 'm fighting for my American dream , " Sergio Garcia says DOJ : How can someone without legal status become licensed as a lawyer ?
CNN  -- The death certificate for Boston bombings suspect Tamerlan Tsarnaev , who died April 19 after a shootout with police , says he died of "  gunshot wounds of torso and extremities " and "  blunt trauma to head and torso , " according to the owner of the funeral parlor that currently holds Tsarnaev 's body . Peter Stefan , owner of Graham Putnam & Mahoney Funeral Parlors in Worcester , Massachusetts , read the death certificate to CNN over the phone Friday evening . He said it has yet to be filed with the city of Boston . There is no gravesite chosen yet for the 26-year-old Tsarnaev , Stefan said . He said that if he ca n't find a cemetery plot , he plans to ask the government to find a grave . "  Everyone deserves to be buried , " Stefan said . Tsarnaev 's uncle , Ruslan Tsarni , claimed his nephew 's body , according to family spokeswoman Heda Saratova . The family plans an independent autopsy before burying the body somewhere in Massachusetts , she said . Stefan acknowledged plans for a second autopsy . Authorities say Tsarnaev and his younger brother , Dzhokhar , carried out the April 15 bombings at the Boston Marathon . The attacks killed three people and wounded more than 260 others . The brothers later killed a Massachusetts Institute of Technology police officer , authorities say . Dzhokhar Tsarnaev , 19 , is being held at a federal Bureau of Prisons medical facility in Devens , Massachusetts , charged with using a weapon of mass destruction , a charge that carries the death penalty . He is being treated for gunshot wounds to the head , neck , legs and hands that he received in the April 19 shootout with police that led to his brother 's death . Tamerlan Tsarnaev was shot in the gunbattle , and Dzhokhar apparently ran over his brother as he tried to flee in a car , authorities have said . It is not known whether the "  blunt trauma " listed on Tamerlan Tsarnaev 's death certificate relates to injuries from the car . As part of their continuing investigation , investigators have found explosives residue in the apartment that the elder Tsarnaev shared with his wife and young daughter , a source briefed on the investigation said Friday . The residue turned up in at least three places at the apartment in Cambridge , Massachusetts , the source said : the kitchen table , the kitchen sink and the bathtub . U.S. law enforcement officials briefed on the progress of the investigation have provided CNN with other critical details : -- Dzhokhar Tsarnaev told investigators that he and his brother built the devices in Tamerlan 's home ; -- He said the brothers originally planned a suicide attack on the city 's massive Independence Day celebration , which draws about 500,000 people and is televised nationally on CBS ; -- Dzhokhar Tsarnaev told investigators that the brothers chose to target the Boston Marathon only a day or two before the event . They changed their plans because their bombs were ready sooner than they expected . The officials spoke on background because they were not authorized to speak with the media . Katherine Russell , Tsarnaev 's widow , has remained largely out of view since her husband 's death , staying inside her parents ' Rhode Island home . Her attorney , Amato DeLuca , says the 24-year-old knew nothing about plans to bomb the race , and reports of her husband 's involvement came as an "  absolute shock " to Russell and her family . Three of Dzhokhar Tsarnaev 's friends have been charged in connection with the case . Azamat Tazhayakov and Dias Kadyrbayev were charged Wednesday with conspiring to discard potentially incriminating items from Dzhokhar Tsarnaev 's dorm room . Robel Phillipos was charged with making false statements to investigators . The FBI is examining Dzhokhar Tsarnaev 's laptop , two federal law enforcement officials told CNN . Authorities have said they believe the brothers acted alone but are investigating whether they could have learned from or been aided by terror groups , including groups overseas . CNN 's Dave Alsup , Susan Candiotti , Carol Cratty , Marina Carver and Deborah Feyerick contributed to this report .	NEW : Funeral home releases details of suspect 's death certificate NEW : The funeral home 's owner says there is no gravesite yet Source : Investigators find explosives residue in three places at the suspects ' home Source : Brothers considered a suicide attack on July Fourth , the suspect told investigators
CNN Student News  -- September 29 , 2014 This Monday edition of CNN Student News features topics related to geography , science , history , international politics and character . We cover a volcanic eruption in Japan , an Indian mission to Mars , protests in Hong Kong , the study of the brain , and a CNN Hero who 's helping meet a hunger for something fresh . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript and a place for you to request to be on the CNN Student News Roll Call . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show . ROLL CALL For a chance to be mentioned on the next CNN Student News , comment on the bottom of this page with your school name , mascot , city and state . We will be selecting schools from the comments of the previous show . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call ! Thank you for using CNN Student News !	This page includes the show Transcript Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary At the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on CNN Student News . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call .
CNN  -- In 1992 , the Beastie Boys ' Grand Royal label introduced the world to Luscious Jackson , the New York rock-punk-funk-hip-hop-disco-electro-indie band made up of singer/bassist Jill Cunniff , singer/guitarist Gabby Glaser , drummer Kate Schellenbach , and keyboardist Vivian Trimble . They released four albums and their biggest song to date , "  Naked Eye , " hit the Top 40 chart . They appeared in quintessential '90s pop culture like the "  Clueless " soundtrack , the "  Buffy the Vampire Slayer " TV series and even their own Gap ad before amicably disbanding in 2000 because Cunniff wanted to have children and did n't think that the life of a touring musician would be conducive to that . Today , Cunniff , Glaser and Schellenbach are mothers and recently reunited for a new Luscious Jackson album . Instead of going the traditional label route , they decided to put out their new material with the help of their fans through PledgeMusic . Their new single "  Are You Ready ? " is out now and they 're currently hard at work on the full album , giving little sneak peeks along the way . This week they tweeted that they 're recording a new song called "  Twi Lite . " "  Like that '70s disco song ` here in the twilight . ' Not the vampires . " CNN spoke to Cunniff and Glaser about reuniting in a changing musical landscape , why their kids hate when they sing and the best advice the Beastie Boys ever gave them . CNN : It 's been an exciting couple of years for fans of '90s music with a bunch of those band reuniting . Was that a factor in putting out new Luscious Jackson music ? Jill Cunniff : I hope there 's nostalgia , that 's great , but it has nothing to do with what we 're doing . It 's just because the time is exactly right to do it . Five years ago , there was n't this type of social network connection , connectivity . I think now people really miss that spirit of another time . People were really sad to hear we broke up and I guess now those people realizing that we 're reuniting and they 're writing about how happy they are . It 's great . CNN : How has it been to get yourselves back out there ? Cunniff : It 's so hard to build yourself into a national brand of any kind . We 're fortunate that we have a name so we can go back there . With Pledge , artists are realizing they can create their own fan base and reconnect with them . That 's exciting . Getting the mailing list back from the label , getting the Facebook , getting the Twitter . Then it becomes an Ani DiFranco thing , where you 're calling the shots . That 's what we hope we 'll ultimately be . We get to put out our music ourselves , run it ourselves , tour as we wish . It 's a really great feeling . CNN : Do you have an album title yet ? Cunniff : Not yet . I think the core of the album needs to be made and then we 'll understand what it is . I think "  Are You Ready ? " is a really good example of what it 's going to be like . It 'll have a range , but a fun , up-tempo , youth vibe . I think we 're both feeling that fun 's really important . We 're older now so the lyrics are different . There probably wo n't be cursing . I was listening to the old stuff and there was a lot of cursing . I 'm not feeling like curses in my lyrics right now . But I do n't feel like an old person . It 's definitely not like , oh , we 're adult contemporary now . CNN : Luscious Jackson albums are known for their eclectic mix of genres and references , is that what fans can expect with the new album ? Cunniff : Now we 're not using samples because it 's too expensive and no one does , but there 's core people that we are and that 's what we bring . Our mission was to infuse  the music  with a lot of influences . We were like , how could we add that cool funk riff in ? Why not put in this reggae guitar ? So that 's where it comes from , but I do n't think we 'll go crazy with anything drastically new . Gabby Glaser : Death metal ! CNN : Will there be any collaborations on the new album ? Cunniff : Cibo Matto is back together , that could be really cute . They were always around with us . A lot of people are still doing music , Ben Lee , the Grand Royal people . We could collaborate with anybody . I saw Mike  D. of the Beastie Boys  recently , so maybe down the road . You 're hitting us at the beginning stages . CNN : What music currently inspires you ? Cunniff : I love the Erykah Badu and J Dilla tracks and they 're not that far to me from what we 've always done . They 're some of the best tracks I 've heard in the last umpteen years . J Dilla passed away , but when I hear that stuff , I 'm like , aaaaah ! You know how you get when you 're really inspired ? That 's how I get when I heard those tracks , and the singing is great too . Nneka , Ladyhawke , Amy Winehouse , Adele . I like Fleet Foxes . I listen to a lot of pop with my kids , like Rihanna and Nicki Minaj . Those are probably my favorite female pop artists , but I would n't say I 'll bring that into the new album . I like to dance around the house , just myself , and I 'll put that on . I 've done that since I was a teenager . Glaser : Liquid Liquid and ESG , those were huge influences in my life . Cunniff : Huge , huge . I was watching ESG with my daughters and they were like , how could you like this ? I do n't get this . Kids do n't understand if it does n't have a pop hook on it . Glaser : When they 're really little , you can play them a great Kinks song . Then they want to like whatever anyone else likes . CNN : Do your kids listen to your music ? Cunniff : Mine have started to listen to our music , and they heard it when they were younger . They hate me singing , so it 's kind of a problem . Glaser : All kids hate their parents singing . Cunniff : Because it takes the attention off of them , that 's what I think . CNN : How has the band had to adapt to the changing music industry ? Cunniff : I do n't think anyone understands the music business right now . Having been in it for 10 years , everyone sits around and talks about what it is . No one knows . That 's the damn truth . We had some cool people promoting us . I look back and ca n't believe how savvy they were marketing us . The stuff that we did was really hip and cool and underground . They did n't pressure us to do anything particularly commercial . We dressed how we wanted . That was the biggest limit was , do n't do something wack . By wack , we all knew what that meant : something incredibly cheesy . I love cheesy music myself , like Lisa Lisa , but I 'm talking about that mainstream commercial cheese and the sexy dancing and all that crap . We were never told to anything like that . I imagine now , you 'd be pressured to be wack left and right . Glaser : Now we 're really , really sexy , so we 're going to pull it out now . Cunniff : We 're going to be in our leotards by the end of this . No pants . Pants-free . That 's going to be the name of the album ! CNN : What is your favorite Luscious Jackson album ? Cunniff : I like all our old albums . I do n't feel like we had that crappy album . Glaser : They were all of the time . Cunniff : The only thing we did was make a video and almost kill ourselves roller derbying . I showed my kids the video and they were like , your outfits are horrible . I was like , those are roller derby outfits ! I was n't trying to look like a glamazon . Somebody just put a roller derby outfit on me ; sorry I do n't look like Rihanna in the video . That video was crazy . At one point the director was sitting there with his head in hands , like , what have I done ? And then these roller derby women come out and they smacked everyone around . They smacked Vivian down . She got an injury in her neck . Glaser : You play music and you record the video , but you do n't want to be so incredibly challenged physically . Cunniff :  Director  Tamra Davis was incredible . She really got our vibe . She did "  Daughters of the Kaos , " "  City Song " and "  Ladyfingers . " We did a ton of videos with other people , but those were probably our favorite . The "  Daughters of the Kaos " video , we totally looked like hookers . We thought we looked like "  Charlie 's Angels . " Glaser : No . Hookers . CNN : Luscious Jackson was introduced through Grand Royal and the Beastie Boys so that was great , automatic validation , but do you ever resent being asked about them when talking about your music ? Cunniff : Not at all . Not at all . As the years go by , I become more appreciative of what they did and how it was done , what they tried to do with Grand Royal . It was a noble effort to bring out new artists that were interesting and create a community of music that was creative . There 's not that many people doing that . They never really were part of our music ; they were more like mentors in the professional world of music . CNN : What was the best advice they ever gave you ? Cunniff : Do n't be wack . That 's it .	Luscious Jackson have recently reunited for a new album They decided to put out their new material with the help of their fans through PledgeMusic Their new single "  Are You Ready ? " is out now
LAGOS , Nigeria  CNN  -- A Nigerian militant group claimed Wednesday it sabotaged oil pipelines in the country 's oil-rich southern Niger Delta , but the country 's military denies the assertion . File image of armed MEND militants in Niger Delta region of Nigeria The Movement for the Emancipation of the Niger Delta  MEND  said in an e-mail message to reporters that the "  major Shell and Agip crude trunk lines in Bayelsa state " were struck . "  The Agip pipeline which connects the Agip Brass terminal was sabotaged at Nembe creek while the Shell Nembe creek line was done at Asawo village , " MEND said . Shell said it is investigating reports of an attack on the Nembe creek pipeline and Agip could not be reached for comment . Rabe Abubakar , spokesman for the Nigerian military 's Joint Task Force , said "  the militants are telling lies " and "  there is no iota of truth in what they are saying . " Their claims against the Shell pipeline "  are not true , " Abubakar said , explaining that explosives were hurled at the pipeline but the explosion was limited and it did not destroy the line . "  There was an attempt by them to blow up an Agip pipeline around 3 a.m. , but the soldiers protected the place and the militants fled , " Abubakar said . Explosives were found on a well and an explosives expert was brought in to remove them , he added . MEND -- which has declared an "  all-out war " on the government -- demands that more of Nigeria 's oil wealth be reinvested in the region , instead of enriching those whom the militants consider corrupt politicians . But fighting has continued despite Nigerian President Umaru Yar ` Adua 's recent call for an amnesty for the militant groups , an offer that stays open until October 4 . Under the amnesty proposal , militants must hand in their weapons and take part in government rehabilitation programs . Also on Wednesday , the military said three people were seized for trying to blow up a pipeline at the Forcados River . But MEND said the military "  arrested two repentant armed youths who approached them to take advantage of the government 's amnesty offer . " "  We are learning that there are about 11 of such cases currently languishing in detention inside the JTF headquarters in Warri , " MEND said . Last month , Amnesty International said that pollution and other environmental impacts from the oil industry in the Niger Delta are creating a "  human rights tragedy " in which local people suffer poor health and loss of livelihood . Governments and oil companies are failing to be accountable for the problems , Amnesty said in its report , called "  Petroleum , Pollution and Poverty in the Niger Delta . " Covering 46,500 square miles  75,000 square km  , the Niger Delta is about the same size as the Czech Republic , according to the United Nations Development Programme . An area of rich biological diversity , the region contains the world 's third-largest wetland with the most extensive freshwater swamp forest , according to the UNDP . More than half the area contains creeks and small islands , while the rest is rain forest , the UNDP says . At the same time , the Niger Delta produces the oil wealth that accounts for the bulk of Nigeria 's foreign earnings , the UNDP says . Earlier this week , MEND said its fighters had blown up an oil pipeline and captured six crew members of a chemical tanker . MEND is now saying it has released the ship and the military says it secured the vessel . It is not clear whether the three Russians , two Filipinos and the Indian seized remain in custody . MEND told CNN that "  to their knowledge , " the crew is no longer being held hostage . CNN 's Christian Purefoy contributed to this report .	Nigerian militant group says it struck Shell and Agip crude trunk lines Shell said it is investigating reports of an attack on the Nembe creek pipeline Army spokesman : "  No iota of truth in what they  militants  are saying " Movement for the Emancipation of the Niger Delta at war with government
CNN  -- PepsiCo is ending its relationship with rapper Lil Wayne over what the company calls an "  offensive reference to a revered civil rights icon " -- 14-year-old Emmett Till , who was killed nearly 60 years ago . The rap superstar , featured in the song "  Karate Chop " by Future , says : "  Beat that p -- up like Emmett Till . " Till , a 14-year-old black youth , was killed in Mississippi in 1955 for allegedly whistling at a white woman . He was beaten to the extent that his face was unrecognizable when his body was discovered . He was identified by a monogrammed ring belonging to his father . Mountain Dew , a brand of PepsiCo , said Friday its relationship with the rapper would end . A Mountain Dew spokesman told CNN , "  We do not plan any additional work with Lil Wayne moving forward . His offensive reference to a revered civil rights icon does not reflect the values of our brand . " The spokesman declined to comment on the company 's previous relationship with the artist . Sarah Cunningham , publicist for Lil Wayne 's record label , Young Money , issued the following statement to CNN : "  I can confirm that due to creative differences , we mutually decided to part ways . It was amicable . " Till , a Chicago teenager who was visiting relatives in Mississippi in 1955 , was arrested at gunpoint and severely beaten . One of his eyes was gouged before he was killed by a single gunshot to the head . The teen 's body was tied to a large fan before being dumped into a river . Members of the Till family could not be reached for comment Friday by CNN , but the Rev. Al Sharpton said he has set up a meeting next week between PepsiCo officials and members of the family . In a statement to CNN , Sharpton said that the situation was a "  teaching moment for Lil Wayne , corporate America and the family of Emmett Till ... more than a condemnation of any one artist , it is an affirmation of Emmett Till and a call for more sensitivity about what we say and do in our culture . "	Lil Wayne 's lyrics include what PepsiCo calls an "  offensive reference " to Emmett Till Till , a 14-year-old black youth from Chicago , was murdered in Mississippi in 1955 A publicist for the rapper 's label says the artist and the company parted ways amicably
LONDON , England  CNN  -- The heady days of James Bond are but a distant memory and , the sad fact is amphibious cars are just not that cool anymore . On land , on water , under the water : The Rinspeed sQuba will go anywhere you want and it is entirely emissions-free . But a new fully submersible car inspired by Bond and updated for the new millennium could breathe fresh life into the sub-aqua sports car . The Rinspeed sQuba is a fully submersible car designed by Swiss car designer Frank M Rinderknecht . Inspired by James Bond 's submersible Lotus Esprit in the 1977 movie "  The Spy Who Loved Me , " the car drives on land , on water -- and under the water to a depth of ten meters . Released as a prototype last year , the car is carbon neutral , entirely emissions-free and boasts electric motors and water jets to allow the driver to control the vehicle under the water . See photos of the sQuba " The sQuba also has a compressed air tank which allows the occupants to breathe under water and all of the body work is water-tight and water-resistant . Rinderknecht , the chief executive of Rinspeed , told CNN that no further units of the car have been produced -- but commercial production was not out of the question . "  Since the sQuba was perceived as a prototype , the manufacturing has not been explored . However , we are open for anyone to take up the project to serial production , " he said . Subscribe to SuperYachtWorld COPYRIGHT  2009 IPC MEDIA LTD. . ALL RIGHTS RESERVED	The Rinspeed sQuba is a fully submersible car Created by a Swiss designer , the car goes on land , water and underwater Inspired by the Lotus Esprit from 1977 James Bond film , "  The Spy Who Loved Me " The sQuba is carbon neutral and emissions-free as it operates with electric motors
Brighton , England  CNN  -- No two Nick Cave and The Bad Seeds concerts are ever alike , which is one of the reasons why the Australian singer remains such a mesmerizing performer well into his sixth decade . At the intimate Dome theatre in Brighton , southern England , he and The Seeds are on relaxed form as they give spellbinding renditions of much-loved older material like "  Nobody 's Baby Now , " "  The Mercy Seat , " and "  Red Right Hand , " and songs from this year 's new album , "  Push The Sky Away . " This album is the first to be released without long-serving guitarist Mick Harvey and marks a more mellow and starker sound than on recent albums . "  The things that we do n't understand . They 're the best , " he says as he launches into "  Higgs Boson Blues , a song written before the recent discovery of the so-called "  God Particle . " The new album also finds him observing the boys on Brighton 's beach flirting with the "  silly " girls -- it 's a real return to form for Cave after some albums of mixed quality , and his best since 2004 's "  Abattoir Blues / The Lyre of Orpheus . " Perhaps his garage-rock side-project Grinderman has allowed for a return to more reflective material , but as ever the Bad Seeds are peerless in switching from quiet to crashingly loud on songs like "  Stagger Lee , " always a highlight of a Bad Seeds gig . The sound and quality of musicianship are both superb and his voice remains both tender and strong , despite his 56 years . There is no doubting his commitment on this night , the first of 18 concerts of a European tour . Self-assured , almost like a preacher-man David Bowie , he has a magnetic and unique presence on stage . Stick-thin and resplendent in shiny black suit , Cave is constantly on the move , prowling , kicking his long legs high in the air and holding the hands of members of the audience as he alternately croons and screams . He is in easy-going , crowd-pleasing form , taking requests and seemingly enjoying being back on the road . One recent reviewer memorably described Cave as making "  hell on Earth sound as exhilarating as an acid trip at the funfair . " Do n't miss the fun .	Nick Cave and The Bad Seeds kick off 25-date European tour in his hometown , Brighton Cave on relaxed form as he gives spellbinding renditions of much-loved older material Bad Seeds peerless in switching from quiet to crashingly loud on songs like "  Stagger Lee "
CNN  -- Even the Pope was one of Eli Wallach 's biggest fans . So said the cheeky chameleon of an actor when he received an honorary Oscar in 2010 and remarked that the pontiff -- he did n't say which one -- wrote him a fan letter extolling his performance as the bandito Calvera in "  The Magnificent Seven "  1960  . This struck Wallach as odd . "  I 've played more bandits , thieves , killers , warlords , molesters and Mafiosi than you can shake a stick at , " he said . No doubt he got a pass from the Pope because as the bad guy , the famed character actor , who died Tuesday at 98 , had a smile as lethal as his aim . The most beloved of his screen roles were as Calvera in "  Magnificent Seven " and Tuco , the opportunistic robber , who was sometimes an ally but more often the adversary of Clint Eastwood in the 1966 Sergio Leone spaghetti Western "  The Good , the Bad and the Ugly . " But surely Wallach , a prolific actor who made more than 50 films and almost as many television appearances , possessed the universal blood type . His screen niche was the American ethnic . In addition to Hispanics , his characters included Arabs , Greeks , Italians and Poles . He appeared in films large and small , from "  The Misfits "  1961  , where he played a mechanic besotted by Marilyn Monroe , to "  Baby Doll , " his 1956 screen debut as Silva Vacarro , the wily cotton planter who aims to deflower his rival 's virgin bride , Carroll Baker . Sometimes he was the lead , more often the supporting player . But when Wallach was on screen , you forgot that Eastwood , Clark Gable or Ben Stiller was next to him . Occasionally the sinewy Wallach -- born to a Jewish family in 1915 in what then was the predominantly Italian-American neighborhood of Red Hook , Brooklyn -- played a Jew . Like the rabbi who helps convert Gentile Jenna Elfman so she can marry Stiller in "  Keeping the Faith "  2000  . And the aging screenwriter who befriends Kate Winslet in "  The Holiday "  2006  . Though he made more than 50 films , Wallach treated movies as a way to finance his work in theater : "  I do n't live to act , I act to live , " he said . Indeed , he was set to make his film debut as Maggio , the character Frank Sinatra ultimately played in "  From Here to Eternity , " in 1953  Sinatra won an Oscar  . Instead , he chose to appear on stage in "  Camino Real . " He was a founding member of The Actors Studio and appeared in 30 Broadway plays . Among his triumphs were Tennessee Williams ' "  The Rose Tattoo "  1951  and "  Camino Real "  1953  ; the latter earned him a Tony Award . Among his personal triumphs : Wallach and his wife , actress Anne Jackson , with whom he often appeared on stage from the 1960s through 1990s , were married 66 years .  The secret of their marital longevity , claimed Jackson , was that her husband did the ironing . A captivating storyteller who first gained attention as a student at the Actors Studio for his monologues about his time as an Army medic in World War II clearing soldiers out of brothels , Wallach was beloved by directors and co-stars as much for his humor as his professionalism . In his 2005 memoir , "  The Good , the Bad and Me . " he claimed that the role of Mr. Freeze , the subzero doctor who turns adversaries into ice in the 1960s TV show "  Batman , " was responsible for the largest percentage of his fan mail . Nothing else came close , not even his role of dapper Don Altobello in "  The Godfather , Part III . " He continued working well into his 90s , in roles such as the liquor-store proprietor in "  Mystic River "  2003  and a financial bigwig in "  Wall Street : Money Never Sleeps "  2010  , his last movie . And Wallach left 'em laughing : When he received his honorary Oscar in 2010 , he told the joke about the nonagenarian whose friends send a hooker to house for his birthday . When she arrives , and promises the man "  super sex , " he says , "  I guess I 'll take the soup . "	Carrie Rickey : The late charactor actor Eli Wallach told a story that the Pope sent him a fan letter She says Wallach was great at playing bad guys and was often cast as an "  American ethnic " He acted with big names in film -- Eastwood , Gable , Stiller -- but his love was theater Rickey : He worked well into his 90s ; beloved for monologues , wit and professionalism
CNN  -- One of the most memorable Super Bowl ads in recent years starred a pint-size Darth Vader attempting to use the force all over his house , finally succeeding , or so he thought , in starting his dad 's car . These days the boy behind the Vader mask is strictly using his force for good . Max Page , the 8-year-old actor who stole audience 's hearts in the 2011 Volkswagen ad , was born with a rare congenital heart defect and has undergone eight surgeries , most recently last summer . But his medical problems have n't dampened his spirit . As head of the Junior Ambassadors Program for Children 's Hospital Los Angeles , Max has dedicated much of his young life to raising awareness and funds for other kids in need . Or as he says , "  It 's the first time Darth Vader 's been good , so that might be a little change . " Max had his first surgery at 3 months old after being diagnosed with Tetralogy of Fallot . The congenital heart defect , which changes the normal flow of blood through the heart , occurs in about five out of every 10,000 babies , according to the National Institute of Health . Max 's charitable efforts began almost as soon as his medical troubles did . By the time of his first birthday , he had already endured four surgeries . His parents , Jennifer and Buck Page , said they felt grateful to the families who came before them and others who donated to keep the Los Angeles hospital and neonatal intensive care unit open . "  We feel a tremendous responsibility to make sure the doors stay open for us and families that follow us and to do our part , " Jennifer Page says . Every year , Max and his younger brother Els , 7 , pick a charity and ask for donations in place of presents for either of them . "  We 've raised over $ 50,000 over the years for charity causes of all kinds . Now everyone looks forward to what the boys are going to do , " Jennifer Page says . Max 's fame from the Super Bowl ad has widened the family 's reach and strengthened his impact . "  Hopefully , I can just use my force for even better good , and I hope that it works , " he says . The vivacious youngster regularly speaks and campaigns for Children 's Hospital Los Angeles as well as smaller organizations such as Saving Tiny Hearts in Chicago . Max also visits children in the hospital and has become something of a role model . He takes his responsibility seriously since he also looks up to someone -- snowboarder Shaun White . He has yet to meet the Olympic gold medalist , but he says he will have a lot of questions when he does . His mom watched White compete in the Olympics the same year Max was first diagnosed , and after hearing from doctors about the limitations her son would face , she says she found hope in White , who has the same heart defect . "  I remember watching , and the significance for me was that Max could have energy . We could actually focus on hope that Max could have energy , and it was actually possible , " she says . She adds , "  I looked at what his  White 's  parents must have had to do to let him live so free . Because I just want to wrap Max up in bubble wrap and not let anything touch him . And they did n't . Shaun White 's parents said go for it " It 's been seven months since Max 's last surgery -- an open heart pulmonary valve replacement -- and he has been cleared for all activities by his doctors . He 's back campaigning for the hospital , and he 's learned to snowboard and also plays Little League Baseball . Soon he 'll even return to his role on the CBS soap "  The Young and the Restless . " In his own words , "  I 'm back to being me . " His mother says that she and his father try to lead by example but attributes much of the boy 's positive attitude to Max himself . "  There 's just this innateness in him that says I 'm going to fight , I 'm going to conquer it , I 'm going to win . From the very beginning , he 's had to fight . From his very first breath , he 's had to fight hard for every breath , and ... I think that is just part of his nature . " While he was the breakout star of a previous Super Bowl , this year Max will be watching the game at home with his family . He says he 's a bit overwhelmed with his two favorite teams competing against each other . "  I 'll win and I 'll lose . So I 'm not going to root for anyone , " Max says . "  I 'm just going to hope it 's a good match . "	Max Page of Super Bowl ad fame has a congenital heart disease The actor has had eight surgeries to date The 8-year-old uses his voice to raise money for Children 's Hospital Los Angeles "  It 's the first time Darth Vader 's been good , " he says
CNN  -- Steve Jobs was n't eager to disclose details of his health issues over the years . That the Apple co-founder contracted a rare form of pancreatic cancer in 2003 was n't disclosed until after his return from surgery more than nine months later . Another health problem , which was innocuously described at first as a "  hormone imbalance , " turned into a six-month leave during which Jobs underwent a liver transplant . Yet Jobs ' views on existence , as he increasingly faced his own mortality , became ever more poetic and less concealed toward the end . These could be seen in the rare interviews he 'd grant but also in e-mail correspondences with acquaintances and strangers , which he often took the time to partake in . "  I do n't think of my life as a career , " he told Time in 2010 . "  I do stuff . I respond to stuff . That 's not a career -- it 's a life ! " Jobs also shared his condolences and personal revelations with others facing similar pressures . A man named James told the news site Business Insider that he e-mailed Jobs on April 20 , 2010 , to thank him for supporting an organ donor program . James mentioned that his girlfriend had died of melanoma two years before . Jobs replied : "  Your -LSB- sic -RSB- most welcome , James . I 'm sorry about your girlfriend . Life is fragile . " The rare moments when Jobs publicly waxed philosophical were among his most memorable . Perhaps the most widely quoted is his 2005 commencement address to Stanford University 's graduating class : "  Remembering that I 'll be dead soon is the most important tool I 've ever encountered to help me make the big choices in life . Because almost everything -- all external expectations , all pride , all fear of embarrassment or failure -- these things just fall away in the face of death , leaving only what is truly important , " he said . "  Remembering that you are going to die is the best way I know to avoid the trap of thinking you have something to lose . You are already naked . There is no reason not to follow your heart . " He continued : "  No one wants to die . Even people who want to go to heaven do n't want to die to get there . And yet death is the destination we all share . No one has ever escaped it . And that is as it should be , because death is very likely the single best invention of life . It is life 's change agent . " People often looked to Jobs for advice on dealing with the inevitable , and he seemed eager to offer his guidance . One of the first calls Bob Longo , a former sales chief for the failed computer company Jobs founded called NeXT Computer , made after getting diagnosed with cancer was to Jobs .  They shared the same oncologist and radiologist .  The pair kept in touch , Longo recalled to the Pittsburgh Business Times , and Longo received an exuberant e-mail from Jobs after telling him the news that Longo 's surgery was successful . Longo told the Business Times : "  Messages from him were generally laconic . This one had 20 exclamation points . I have a cousin who 's a pretty well regarded cancer research doctor and told him the doctor Steve referred me to ; he said , ` Do n't even ask for a second opinion . Start your treatment . ' " Even in 1995 , Jobs seemed undeterred in the face of death . He said in an interview with the Computerworld Honors Program : "  We 're all going to be dead soon ; that 's my point of view . Somebody once told me , they said , ` Live each day as if it would be your last , and one day you 'll certainly be right . ' I do that . You never know when you 're going to go , but you are going to go pretty soon . If you 're going to leave anything behind , it 's going to be your kids , a few friends and your work . So that 's what I tend to worry about . " Jobs set out to "  put a dent in the universe , " as he would say , and many believe he did just that . He transformed industries , improved important tools and changed the daily lives for billions of people . But as much as the world may have needed a visionary like Jobs , he apparently needed us , too . "  You know , there 's nothing that makes my day more than getting an e-mail from some random person in the universe who just bought an iPad over in the U.K. and tells me the story about how it 's the coolest product they 've ever brought home , you know , in their lives , " Jobs said at the All Things Digital conference in 2010 . "  That 's what keeps me going . And it 's what kept me going five years ago . It 's what kept me going 10 years ago , when the doors were almost closed . And it 's what 'll keep me going five years from now , whatever happens , " he said . Jobs died 16 months later to a public outpouring of grief .	Steve Jobs was n't always forthcoming about his health issues Near the end , he began to speak more openly about death in e-mails Apple co-founder said throughout his life that he did not fear death
CNN  -- The would-be assassin of Saudi Arabia 's Prince Mohammed bin Nayef hid his bomb in his underwear , apparently believing that cultural taboos would prevent a search in that part of his body , according to a Saudi government official close to the investigation . Saudi Arabia 's Prince Mohammed bin Nayef , head of counterterrorism , was slightly injured in August . The prince was slightly injured when the bomb exploded in the August attack . Several news reports this week have said the assailant hid the bomb inside his rectum , but according to the Saudi official , the government assessment discounted those reports , based on various factors . Among them : When the bomb went off there was a flash of light , suggesting that the bomb was not hidden inside the assassin 's body . Also , doctors consulted by the government judged that the toxicity of the plastic explosives would make them hard to hold for many hours inside the rectum , and the environment in this area of the body would make detonation "  difficult , " according to the Saudi official close to the investigation . The Saudis said they think the bomb weighed 100 grams and was made with a plastic explosive , to avoid detection by metal detectors through which the would-be assassin had to pass before he was allowed to meet with the prince . The official said the explosive was PETN , which was used by the so-called shoe bomber Richard Reid , who attempted to blow up an American Airlines flight between Paris , France , and Miami , Florida , in December 2001 . The Saudis are exploring the possibility that the prince 's assailant exploded the device using a detonator that used a chemical fuse , which would not be detected by a metal detector . The would-be assassin -- a Saudi member of al Qaeda who had fled to Yemen , identified as Abdullah Hassan al Asiri -- posed as a member of the terror group willing to surrender personally to Prince Nayef . Prince Nayef is responsible for overseeing the kingdom 's terrorist rehabilitation program , and some two dozen important members of al Qaeda previously have surrendered to him in person , according to the Saudi government official . During the month of Ramadan , traditionally a time of repentance in the Muslim world , al Asiri gained an audience with the prince at his private residence in Jeddah , presenting himself as someone who could also persuade other militants to surrender . Under the cover of pretending that he was reaching out to other militants to surrender , al Asiri briefly called other members of al Qaeda to tell them that he was standing by Prince Nayef . After finishing the call , the bomb blew up , killing al Asiri but only slightly injuring the prince , who was a few feet away from his would-be assassin . The Saudi government official characterized the prince 's narrow escape as a "  miracle . "	Source : Man hid bomb in underwear , believing he would n't be searched there Saudis dismiss reports bomber hid explosive in rectum Saudis believe bomber used plastic explosive to pass through metal detectors
Jimmie "  J.J. " Walker is probably best known as the the rubber-faced comedian who made famous the catchphrase "  dyn-o-mite ! " on the popular 1970s sitcom "  Good Times . " He has penned a memoir titled , you guessed it , "  Dyn-o-mite . " It is the story of Walker 's rise from poverty in the South Bronx to becoming a comedian for the Black Panthers and then finding huge success as J.J. Evans on "  Good Times . " Walker is not afraid to speak his mind , whether it be discussing the controversy surrounding the sitcom , his feelings about fellow comedians and his unorthodox political views . CNN : When you started out , your act was considered "  too black . " Jimmie Walker : I was coming from the Black Panthers , and of course they were dealing with the black plight . Too preachy , I think it was more like ` do n't lay that plight thing on us . ' CNN : Tell me about -LSB- the catchphrase -RSB- "  dyn-o-mite ! " Walker : That thing was a John Rich deal . He was an illustrious and wonderful director/producer . John was a veteran of many things , ` The Honeymooners , ' ` The Mary Tyler Moore Show . ' I did it one day in rehearsal and he said , ` That 's it ! We 've got it now , ' and I said , ' What have we got ? ' And he said , ' I want you to do that dyn-o-mite thing . ' I said , ` Really ? ' He said , ` Yeah we 're going to do that every show . ' I said , ` Come on man , people are not stupid enough to buy into a guy just standing there saying dyn-o-mite . ' He said , ` Yes they are . ' Even though Norman Lear  creator  did n't like it , John Rich proved to be a prophet . CNN : Were you hurt by John Amos ' or Esther Rolle 's  negative  comments ?  The pair were quoted as complaining about the direction of the show in making Walker 's character the lead and what they viewed as the series ' negative imagery . Walker : No not at all . The reality is I never spoke to them . I 've been on the phone with you for three minutes . That 's more time than I ever spoke to them . Being a stand-up , I was mainly in the clubs . My time on the show was actually very relaxing because it got me away from my writers . I did n't have to listen to the moans and groans of my writers . I had 31 writers . Everyone had a complaint about something . CNN : You say that you 're a black sheep in the black community . Walker : Some of the stuff that happened on our show , it made it look like we were , as they say , ` not black enough . ' The black community kind of turned a little on us . It was kind of like Tiger Woods where they do n't embrace him because he plays golf , and it 's not a black sport . CNN : So does it bother you not being accepted ? Walker : No , because as you move on and do other things , you stop working in front of black crowds anyway . Bill Cosby does n't really have a black following . I call myself the Johnny Mathis of comedy because I do n't do the black thing . CNN : How do you describe yourself politically ? Walker : I 'm a realist independent . I 'm against affirmative action because we 're at a point now where some things outlive their usefulness . CNN : You 're also against gay marriage . Walker : Yeah I am . There 's just certain traditions that need to be upheld . I 'll give you the other side of it , no it does n't affect me , no it does n't change my life . There 's just traditions that need to be dealt with . I 'm a believer that gay marriage should be passed because the battle is not worth the war . The gay lobby is very loud . I 'm totally against it . In 100 years from now , people are going to go , ` Who was against gay marriage ? ' And I 'll be one of those idiots and say , ` That 's me . ' I 'm just against it on moral grounds , that 's it . I 'm as much a heathen as anybody . I just do n't believe on moral grounds it should be done . I do n't like it , I do n't accept it . CNN : You were good friends with Jay Leno , but are no longer . Walker : I 'm a fan of Jay Leno . I have nothing against him . I think he 's still today one of the Top 10 comics in the country . What he has done is let us down as a comedy community by not bringing on any new acts . He 's been on 30 years and has n't broken one act . Come on ! For Jay Leno not to do that , it 's embarrassing , all I want for Jay Leno to do is do what was done for him , that 's all . I do n't hate Jay Leno , I think what he 's done is bad . CNN : You have very nice things to say about David Letterman . Walker : Dave may not be a people person , but if you 're his friend , you 're his friend . The whole intern thing ... I said this to people , ` If you had said to me two years ago , Dave is sleeping with his intern and cheating on Regina , ' I would have said , ` You got ta kill me because that ai n't happening , ' and I would have been dead . I never would have believed that because Dave is a very shy guy . He 's never really hit on chicks . He does n't go out with attractive women , he does n't try to do that . If I 'm David Letterman , I got me a Vogue magazine and I 'm going , ` Bring this girl to me now ! ' CNN : You seem to be quite the ladies man . Walker : No , I 'm not . You have to go through a lot to get women because they 're so upset about everything , but if you get a nice woman , that is a great feeling . When you get older and the women are in their 40s and 50s they 're all divorced , they 've all got kids , they all hate men , so you have to listen and let them vent . You hope they have girlfriends so they can vent to their girlfriends .	Jimmie "  J.J. " Walker has written a book about his life and career He is best known as the star of the 1970s sitcom "  Good Times " Walker says he is against same-sex marriage
What 's good for the heart may not be so healthy for other organs , says the latest study that links omega-3 fatty acids to an elevated risk of prostate cancer . It 's not just an apple a day that keeps the doctor away anymore -- recently , fish oils found in species like salmon , trout and tuna have been associated with a lower risk of heart disease and even Alzheimer 's . In fact , the most recent revisions to the Dietary Guidelines for Americans in 2010 recommended consumers substitute high-fat protein sources with more seafood , including fatty fish . Not surprisingly , fish oil has since skyrocketed to be the most popular supplement in the United States . A new study in the Journal of the National Cancer Institute , however , shows that these fish fats may not be improving everyone 's health -- in the trial , those with high concentrations of marine-derived omega-3s in their blood showed a 43 % higher risk of developing prostate cancer than those with the lowest levels . TIME.com : Omega-3s as study aid ? Prostate cancer is the most common cancer in men , and while the latest statistics show that most men will eventually develop prostate cancer if they live long enough , only a specific type of cancer , known as high-grade , carries high risk of serious health problems . While a quarter of a million Americans are diagnosed with prostate cancer each year , only about 30,000 of those cases are fatal , and almost all of them involve high-grade cancer . The latest research found that the association between omega-3s and prostate cancer held for both high - and low-grade prostate cancers . It 's not that omega-3s are harmful , but that the fatty acids may have more complex effects on the body than previously thought . "  We have this tendency to talk about good foods and bad foods , good nutrients and bad nutrients , " says Doctor Theodore Brasky , a research assistant professor at The Ohio State University Comprehensive Cancer Center and the study 's head author . The nutrients commonly found in fish fight potentially damaging inflammation , but they may also increase oxidative damage to the DNA in cells , similar to the effects of stress , that can create fertile ground for cancers to grow . TIME.com : Omega-3 supplements do n't lower heart disease risk The study measured omega-3 blood levels in the participating men , and did not include information on the volunteers ' eating habits , so researchers could not differentiate between the effects of fatty acids from fish from those of supplements . However , the overwhelming majority of the participants did not take fish oil supplements . Based on the results , Brasky says that men with a family history of prostate cancer should discuss with their doctor whether fish oil supplements are safe for them , since these pills tend to contain concentrated doses of omega-3 -- supplements contain between 30 % to 60 % of a serving of fish , and if a fish oil supplement is taken everyday , that adds up to a lot of daily fish oil . Brasky also suggested that men cut down on their fatty fish intake , though not eliminate it entirely . Andrew Vickers , a statistician specializing in prostate cancer at Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center , agrees , saying that fish oil supplements may pose a relatively higher risk for prostate cancer than fish in the diet . "  The problem comes when you take components of a diet and put it in a pill , " Vickers says . While the omega-3 fatty acids may increase oxidative damage to prostate cells , for example , anti-oxidants , which might be part of an overall healthy diet that includes fish as well as fruits and vegetables , might counteract these effects . Because the study did not query the men about their diets , it 's difficult to tell whether the men were consuming other healthy foods as well . TIME.com : Omega-3s may not protect brain health after all Most health experts recommend that people try to eat a healthy , balanced diet to protect against diseases and most cancers , and turn to supplements only if that 's not possible , since supplements may provide only partial benefits . That 's why the American Cancer Society does not currently recommend that men take fish oil supplements , according to Marjorie McCullough , the society 's strategic director of nutritional epidemiology . Brasky 's work is n't the first to suggest that omega-3 fatty acids may have both positive and negative effects on the body . In a September 2012 article in the Journal of the American Medical Association , researchers found that omega-3 supplements were not associated with lower risks of stroke or cardiac death . Those results were confirmed by another study in the New England Journal of Medicine that showed omega-3 supplements did not reduce risk of dying from a heart event among a group of people at high risk of heart disease . Researchers involved in those studies , however , acknowledged that they were not able to account for the effect of other medications to treat heart problems , such as cholesterol-lowering drugs and blood pressure medications , in keeping death rates down . In the same way , more research will have to tease apart how other nutrients in a balanced diet -- including antioxidants -- work together to influence the effect of individual nutrients like omega-3 fatty acids . This story was originally found on TIME.com	Fish oils found in salmon , trout and tuna are associated with a lower risk of heart disease Nutrients commonly found in fish may also increase oxidative damage to the DNA in cells Supplements contain between 30 % to 60 % of a serving of fish The American Cancer Society says supplements may provide only partial benefits
CNN  -- Phrases such as "  reviews you can trust " and "  reviews from real travelers " have misled TripAdvisor users in the United Kingdom , according to a judgment issued Wednesday by the Advertising Standards Authority in Britain . The decision comes in response to a complaint filed by a reputation management firm and two hotels , claiming that some of the claims of trustworthiness and authenticity on the very popular user-generated review site are misleading and ca n't be substantiated , since the site does n't verify reviews . "  We told TripAdvisor not to claim or imply that all the reviews that appeared on the website were from real travelers , or were honest , real or trusted , " the ASA wrote in its decision . The issue is overblown , TripAdvisor indicates in its response to the ruling , saying the requested changes have already been made to the marketing copy on its website . "  We have confidence that the 50 million users who come to our site every month trust the reviews they read on TripAdvisor , which is why they keep coming back to us in increasingly larger numbers to plan and have the perfect trip , " the company said in a statement , noting that the ASA 's "  highly technical view " relates to two marketing phrases used "  in limited capacity . " The ASA 's decision affects only TripAdvisor 's operations in the United Kingdom , where the company has been under pressure from businesses that say some of the site 's reviews are fake or defamatory . Chris Emmins , co-founder of KwikChex , the reputation management company that filed the complaint , said it receives regular inquiries and complaints from hoteliers who say that false TripAdvisor reviews are hurting their business . Unsubstantiated claims of bed bugs or food poisoning follow properties in online search results , and negative reviews are particularly damaging to small businesses since they do n't receive a high volume of reviews and negative accounts tend to linger longer near the top of a company 's listing , Emmins said . TripAdvisor 's claims of trustworthiness are misleading , he said . "  Patently , that just ca n't be true when you do n't verify the fact that it 's even a customer making the comments , " he said . TripAdvisor has changed course recently , replacing a "  Reviews you can trust " tagline last year with "  Reviews from our community . " "  As with all marketing messaging , the wording used on the TripAdvisor site is constantly evolving to reflect different aspects of the business , which was the rationale behind a change back in June 2011 to put more focus on the TripAdvisor community , " the company said . While TripAdvisor does n't claim to be 100 % free of fraud , according to the ASA ruling , the company told the ASA it uses advanced fraud detection systems and substantial resources to combat fraud . Emmins said it needs to do more . "  They could easily , with their resources , put in a tiered system which says ` this review has been authenticated , ' " he said . TripAdvisor points out that as a reputation management company , KwikChex has "  an obvious commercial interest in undermining people 's confidence in user content-generated review platforms . " The question of verifying reviews is far from resolved . In addition to damaging negative reviews , false positive reviews are used by some companies to bolster their rankings on review sites . KwikChex has filed complaints with the Federal Trade Commission in the U.S. , Emmins said . The agency said it could not comment on individual complaints . Verified reviews or not , TripAdvisor 's community is growing . "  It is very much business as usual , " TripAdvisor said in its response to the ASA ruling . "  TripAdvisor was founded on a core set of principles -- to give travelers a voice to share their experiences , promote consumer choice and encourage a level playing field for everyone in the industry -- all within a free forum for sharing open and honest opinions . "	"  Reviews you can trust " claim is misleading , UK ad regulator says TripAdvisor has changed marketing messaging on its site Growing number of TripAdvisor users indicates trust , company says
CNN  -- Secretary of State Hillary Clinton was discharged from a New York hospital on Wednesday , three days after she was admitted for treatment of a blood clot in a vein between her skull and brain , the State Department announced . "  Her medical team advised her that she is making good progress on all fronts , and they are confident she will make a full recovery , " Clinton spokesman Philippe Reines said in a statement announcing her release . Clinton walked out of New York Presbyterian Hospital accompanied by her husband , former President Bill Clinton , and daughter , Chelsea , for a brief period earlier Wednesday afternoon . The appearance led to speculation about her release , which was announced a couple hours later . She had been admitted Sunday , after doctors found the clot during a medical test related to a concussion she suffered in December . The secretary is being treated with blood thinners to dissolve the clot , which has not resulted in a stroke or any neurological damage . Doctors expect her to make a full recovery . Clinton 's future ` as good as her past , ' docs say Earlier , State Department spokeswoman Victoria Nuland told reporters that Clinton was in communication with aides and there was nothing new on her condition or treatment . Clinton "  has been quite active on the phone with all of us , but she also made some calls on Saturday to a couple of foreign officials , " Nuland said . Those official calls came before the blood clot was disclosed Sunday . The first , to the joint special envoy on Syria , Lakhdar Brahimi , lasted a half hour . The second was to the prime minister of Qatar , who is also the foreign minister . "  She has begun to pick up her regular phone contact with some of her counterparts , " Nuland added . Clinton , 65 , has not been publicly seen or heard from in more than three weeks since falling ill with severe stomach flu and a subsequent concussion that occurred when she fainted because of dehydration , officials said . Questions also have been raised as to why there was almost a day 's delay in explaining the precise location of the clot and why she was administered an MRI , which revealed the problem . Nuland said officials have been "  extremely forthcoming " about Clinton 's health . Blood clots : 4 things you need to know "  We will continue to keep you updated as we have new information to share , as we 've been doing all along , " Nuland said . "  I think that was eighth statement in some three weeks so please bear with us . " Asked how Clinton 's illness might affect her plans to testify on Capitol Hill about the deadly September terror attack on the U.S. diplomatic mission in Benghazi , Libya . Nuland did not directly say whether Clinton would appear . "  She has said that she is open to going up to the Hill . We are working with them now on their schedule because there 's also a question of when they are going to be in and we will let you know when we have something to share , " Nuland said . Clinton , a former first lady , New York senator and presidential candidate , does not plan to stay on for President Barack Obama 's second term , but prefers to remain until her replacement is in place . Some senators have said they would delay confirmation hearings for her proposed successor , Sen. John Kerry , until Clinton has testified on the Libya attack that killed Ambassador Christopher Stevens and three other Americans .	Clinton is "  making good progress on all fronts " and has been discharged She has been hospitalized since Sunday after doctors found a blood clot in her head Clinton has been on the phone and talking with aides , a spokeswoman says The 65-year-old secretary plans to step down once the Senate confirms a successor
Editor 's Note : Award-winning journalist and best-selling author Carl Bernstein , best known for his reporting work with Bob Woodward about the Watergate scandal , serves as a political analyst for CNN . Most recently , Bernstein wrote "  A Woman in Charge : The Life of Hillary Rodham Clinton , " a detailed portrait of the junior senator from New York and former Democratic presidential candidate . Carl Bernstein says Republicans returned to old themes , including patriotism , to attack Democrats . CNN  -- Democrats take note : the Republican convention was resolutely on-message Tuesday night , sounding old themes and buzzwords that have worked for the GOP in the past . It 's those same themes that John McCain , who once rejected the approach , has now embraced as the only way to the White House . "  The Angry Left , " "  Liberals , " "  The Media , " -- the familiar litany of right-wing Republican demons -- rocked the house in St. Paul , Minnesota . The message : McCain , Sarah Palin and the Republicans are the true party of patriotism , as if the Democrats are n't . In the repetitious theme of the evening , the Republicans would "  Put Country First , " as if the Democrats would n't . The Democrats ' first response to the evening , in a statement from the Obama campaign about the GOP 's failure to address economic problems in the country , said nothing -- perhaps at its peril -- about the real Republican message . The theme was first sounded by actor Robert Duvall in the short film he narrated ; followed by speaker after speaker and later interspersed in filmed tributes to Ronald Reagan and to a Navy Seal hero who died in Iraq . That is the theme invoked as the motif of John McCain 's life . Perhaps the most extreme example of the implication that the Republicans have a lock on patriotism and "  Putting Country First " came in video footage of a first-responder going underwater to rescue occupants of a car that plummeted in the Minneapolis bridge collapse .  No word at the convention about problems of infrastructure in the country -- just people  apparently only Republicans  who would "  Put Country First . " Meanwhile , consistent with the demonizing subtext of this theme , President Bush attacked  rather incongruously , but with plenty of antecedents in Republican history  "  The Angry Left " -- perhaps an attempt to stigmatize those who would question Sarah Palin 's credentials . A quick video tribute to Ronald Reagan referred to "  the media -LSB- who -RSB- despised him . " Former Sen. Fred Thompson pounded Barack Obama as "  the most liberal " presidential candidate in history , and brought the convention to its feet . He also warned of losing the Supreme Court to the Democrats and "  liberalism "  to delirious applause  . Thompson said McCain 's pick of Palin had thrown the Democrats ' "  friends in the media into a state of panic "  pandemonium in the hall  . John McCain , in a different time in his life  i.e. running against George W. Bush for the Republican nomination in 2000  , specifically rejected this approach . He courted and charmed the dreaded "  media " monolith and enunciated a post-partisan vision  yet definitely consistent with conservative orthodoxy on many big questions  . McCain also railed against the culture wars that his party and campaign are now intent on stoking as the way to victory .  Remember , only months ago , when the promise of this election was that there were two nominees who understood the enduring damage of the culture wars to the country and its political system ? Will the Republican message on display last night work ? It was essential to George W. Bush 's defeat of John Kerry and pulled Bush to parity with Al Gore in 2000 . George H.W. Bush relied on the approach in 1988 . Bill Clinton recognized the strategy , addressed it substantively and forthrightly and buried it . The McCain campaign and the Republican Party of 2008 are betting that Barack Obama wo n't be nimble enough to repeat Clinton 's feat , and that they have found the formula  including putting Palin on the ticket at a moment when the election seemed to be eluding them  to victory . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of the writer .	Tuesday 's themes at GOP convention dealt with patriotism , "  Putting Country First " President Bush attacked "  The Angry Left " at convention Bernstein : McCain once rejected old GOP themes , now embraces them
CNN  -- Antonio Margarito has apologized for mocking Manny Pacquiao 's Parkinson 's disease-afflicted boxing trainer Freddie Roach in a video that has spread like wildfire across the Internet . The Mexican-American boxer made a surprise appearance at Thursday 's press conference for the undercard bout between Brandon Rios -- who was also in the video -- and Omri Rowther in a bid to make peace ahead of Saturday 's fight in Arlington , Texas . "  I want to apologize to everyone , Freddie Roach if he will accept my apologies , " said Margarito , who was filmed shaking his hands in mock horror when a journalist told him Roach said Pacquiao would win by a knockout . "  To everyone with that disease ... I want to tell you , never , ever in my life would I make fun of anyone like that . I just want to let you know that I 'm not the kind of person who would do anything like that , and make fun of anyone . " Rios also said sorry to the 50-year-old for his part in the viral clip , which was posted on video sharing website YouTube on Wednesday and showed the American boxer violently shaking his head and stammering . "  It was a bad video from my behalf . Things got heated up in the moment . And I 'm sorry . I feel bad for saying it . Nothing personal . I feel bad , " he said . Robert Garcia , who trains both Maragarito and Rios , told reporters at the conference that he had spoken to Roach and his opposite number had accepted the apology . "  I told him , ` Freddie Roach , I want to tell you that I 'm very sorry for what happened . Now that I am talking to you , I feel much better , ' " Garcia said , adding that Roach replied : "  I accept your apology . And best of luck this weekend . " Roach said he had been angry about the video , but was prepared to move on , the Sweet Science boxing site reported on Thursday . "  I wanted to fight them at first , of course I 'm a little too old , " he said . "  I was very upset at first , I had trouble sleeping , thinking what to do about it . I thought it 's best to take the high road , chalk it up to experience . "  They made a mistake , went too far -- but I think they should apologize to world and not just me . They went a little bit too far , tried to get under my skin but they 're attacking a group of people -- not just me has Parkinson 's . "  They apologized , they made a mistake , I accept it , let 's get to the fight . I will not let it get to me or my fighter -- my fighter is smart and will stick to the game plan . They went a little bit too far , but we can all do that at times . I do n't think they meant any harm in it . " Pacquiao and Margarito are fighting for the vacant WBC junior middleweight title at Cowboys Stadium , with Filipino fighter seeking to claim a belt in an unprecedented eighth class . It is Pacquiao 's second visit to the venue , having retained his WBO welterweight title there against Nigeria 's Joshua Clottey in March . Margarito comes into the fight with a record of 38 wins from 45 bouts , having won both the WBO and IBF welterweight titles . However , the 32-year-old was mired in controversy after he was found to have used illegal handwraps during his WBA title defeat by Shane Mosley in January 2009 , leading to him being banned by the California State Athletic Commission . He returned in May to win the vacant WBC International light middleweight title from Roberto Garcia before being signed up by promoter Bob Arum , with Pacquiao still unable to seal a deal for his dream clash with Floyd Mayweather Junior .	Boxing trainer Freddie Roach angry after being mocked in a video posted on Internet His Parkinson 's disease was lampooned by fighters Antonio Margarito and Brandon Rios Roach 's charge Manny Pacquiao will take on Margarito in a title bout on Saturday Mexican-American apologizes at a press conference for his part in video
Click here for video Thursday , August 20 , 2009 8:13 PM ET - Gruesome details emerging from Buena Park police in the brutal death of 28 year old Jasmine Fiore . Not only was Fiore stuffed in a suitcase and thrown away in a dumpster , but we learn Fiore 's teeth and fingers were removed . Authorities believe the murder suspect , Ryan Jenkins , is armed with a handgun , still on the run , most likely in Canada .  From Stacey Newman , Nancy Grace Producer 7:24 PM ET - Moments ago Buena Park , California police announced that as of this afternoon an arrest warrant has been issued for Ryan Jenkins in the murder of 28 year old swimsuit model Jasmine Fiore . Jenkins is officially a fugitive . Although Jenkins ' black BMW has been located in Washington State , Fiore 's white Mercedes is still missing . Authorities do believe Jenkins has crossed the border into Canada and they are now working with Canadian Royal Police to apprehend Jenkins .  From Stacey Newman , Nancy Grace Producer 6:23 PM ET - Major developments right now ! The Orange County DA 's office confirms they will file murder charges against reality TV star Ryan Jenkins in the brutal death of swimsuit model Jasmine Fiore . A news conference is set to take place any moment , standby for more details . We will also bring you all the latest developments on the show at 8pm EST for the full hour tonight .  From Stacey Newman , Nancy Grace Producer 3 PM ET - Is a reality TV star wanted for questioning in the murder of swimsuit model 28 year old Jasmine Fiore on the run ? LA cops have been unable to get in touch with Ryan Jenkins since Jenkins reported her missing and cops discovered the gorgeous model dead inside a suitcase dumped inside a Buena Park apartment complex dumpster . The last reported sightings of Jenkins were in San Diego alongside Fiore , before her death and within the last 48 hours near a Washington state marina . Jenkins ' car and empty boat trailer discovered at that marina alongside the US-Canadian border . The Buena Park police are set to hold a news conference shortly .  From Stacey Newman , Nancy Grace Producer 1:41 PM ET - Investigators confirm a reality TV star they want to question in connection with the murder of swimsuit beauty Jasmine Fiore may be heading for the border . A car and empty boat trailer belonging to Ryan Jenkins was discovered at a marina in Washington State , a few miles from the Canadian border . Authorities say Jenkins most likely walked across the border to British Columbia . LAPD wants to question Jenkins as a person of interest in Fiore 's death because he was one of the last people to see her , reported her missing hours before the model 's body was found , then took off . Jenkins has a criminal domestic violence record and was best known for his appearance on VH1 's "  Megan Wants a Millionaire " . In light of the investigation , VH1 has shut down airing any more new episodes .  From Stacey Newman , Nancy Grace Producer Wednesday , August 19 , 2009 : 7:28 PM ET - Preliminary reports are the swimsuit model found dead in a suitcase inside a Buena Park , California dumpster was strangled . Jasmine Fiore had signs of physical trauma when her body was discovered Saturday morning . The shocking discovery came just hours after her husband , reality TV star , Ryan Jenkins reported Fiore missing . The pair was last spotted in San Diego at a poker game Friday night . And the skeletons are already flying out of the closet for Jenkins . We 've just received a criminal report stemming from a 2005 assault case in Calgary , Alberta involving Jenkins and a woman who was not Jasmine Fiore .  From Stacey Newman , Nancy Grace Producer 5:36 PM ET - A reality TV star is making headlines at this hour for something other than appearing on the airwaves on VH1 's "  Megan Wants a Millionaire . " Police want to question 32 year old Ryan Jenkins in connection with the brutal death of a young , gorgeous swimsuit model . 28 year old Jasmine Fiore vanished after a poker tournament in San Diego . Fiore was allegedly there with Jenkins and reports are the two were husband and wife , secretly married in Las Vegas . Police confirm Jenkins was the one who reported Fiore missing Saturday night , just hours after her body was discovered in a bloody suitcase , thrown away like trash at a Buena Park apartment complex dumpster ... but then Jenkins went missing . There are two vehicles of interest in the search for Jenkins ... Fiore 's white 2007 Mercedes CL S550 and Jenkins ' black BMW X5 . Police say Jenkins could be behind the wheel of either car .  From Stacey Newman , Nancy Grace Producer	Jasmine Fiore , 28 , was found choked to death and stuffed in a suitcase Her husband , reality star Ryan Alexander Jenkins now a murder suspect in the case Jenkins reported Fiore missing last Saturday night
New York  CNN  -- Donald Trump is seeking $ 400,000 in damages from a Brooklyn man over four websites that use the real estate mogul 's name and brand . Attorneys representing Trump filed a countersuit against J. Taikwok Yung , 33 , at the U.S. District Court in Brooklyn on Thursday , seeking damages for "  federal cybersquatting . " That 's defined by the Anticybersquatting Consumer Protection Act as "  the registration as domain names of well-known trademarks by nontrademark holders who then try to sell the names back to the trademark owners . " Trump "  has spent his career establishing his famous name and brand and is not going to sit by idly and allow a pathetic squatter like Mr. Yung to infringe on his well-established rights . " Alexis Robinson , intellectual property counsel for the Trump Organization , wrote in an e-mail to CNN . Yung , a self-described "  domainer , " acquired four Trump-related domain names , including trumpmumbai.com and trumpindia.com , in 2007 , the year the Trump organization announced plans to build Trump-branded hotels and condominiums in Mumbai and Bangalore , India . In 2011 , Yung filed a complaint seeking to keep the domain names , citing fair use and First Amendment rights , after actions filed by the Trump Organization demanded he hand the websites over to Trump . Yung used the websites to provide commentary , often disparaging , about Trump and his television shows "  The Apprentice " and "  The Celebrity Apprentice . " A disclaimer appeared on the main page of the websites stating that the material posted had not been approved by the Trump Organization . All four websites were taken down Saturday . Yung describes himself as a former U.S. Marine and said he hoped to educate and interest other Marines about "  the opportunities available on the Internet " and to inform them "  against corporate evils that attempt to harvest their sacrifices and financial security in the name of corporate , Wall Street , and real estate profit , " the 2011 complaint said . Yung maintained that he never contacted the Trump Organization about selling the domain names for profit , he wrote in the complaint . He also wrote specifically about Trump , criticizing Trump and his legal undertakings . "  Donald Trump is known worldwide to butcher the legal system with frivolous complaints as a vehicle to harass people , " Yung wrote in the complaint . Yung has been representing himself . He did not respond to CNN 's requests for comment . "  Yung is as brazen and unrepentant a cybersquatter as one might find , " wrote Trump 's attorneys in a memorandum filed with the court Thursday . "  By his own admission , Yung seeks to acquire ` interesting and high-value domain names and park them initially with domain parking service providers and/or build the website , if feasible , with interesting content , ' " the memorandum stated . The countersuit filed Thursday seeks the maximum damages allowable -- $ 100,000 for each of the four Trump-related domain names . Yung also holds nearly 200 other domain names , including barclayscapitallehman.com , goldmansachsgroup.com , milanvogue.com and hulufriend.com . In 2009 , Yung acquired the domains bofaml.com and mlbofa.com on the same day that Bank of America Corp. and Merrill Lynch & Co. , Inc. announced their merger , resulting in similar legal action . CNN 's Cameron Tankersley and Forrest Brown contributed to this report .	Donald Trump files countersuit seeking $ 400,000 from J. Taikwok Yung of Brooklyn Yung filed a complaint in 2011 seeking to keep four Trump-related domain names Memorandum filed on Thursday calls Yung a "  brazen " and "  unrepentant " cybersquatter Law prohibits registering well-known trademarks with intent to profit from rightful owners
CNN  -- For decades , Mike Wallace defined the image of the hard-charging investigative reporter . News of his death at 93 came Sunday and with it a multitude of remembrances and assessments of a complex man . Wallace 's longevity and his medium -- the TV network -- put a face on investigative reporting for the public . His career reflected how investigative journalism evolved from the 1950s into the 21st century -- and showed why we still need it . We watched his work on "  60 Minutes " go from undercover tactics and ambush interviews in the 1970s to pieces that relied more on documents and analysis -- and in which targets were not entirely surprised by what was coming . We also watched as Wallace showed how complex and confrontational investigative reporting can be . He spoke openly of subjects dodging interviews and of management and corporate interference in investigative stories . He acknowledged many of his own flaws and revealed his clinical depression resulting from the stresses of the work . We watched too as he underwent two major controversies that would have demolished other careers . One was a $ 120 million libel suit by Gen. William C. Westmoreland over a story that said the military had deceived the American public about the size of opposition forces during the Vietnam War . The suit was eventually withdrawn but not before it had damaged reputations and sent Wallace into depression . The second was over an investigation into the tobacco industry that led to a fierce internal dispute at CBS on airing the story . Eventually , all the information came out and Wallace criticized his own bosses at CBS . But the controversy still resulted in a film highly critical of the network and Wallace 's handling of the story . In addition to those controversies , his methods periodically came under attack from inside journalism , and friendships were lost and colleagues estranged or disillusioned . However , the public stuck with him -- perhaps because he continued to give hope that liars could be exposed , that dangerous practices could be stopped and wrongheaded policies overturned . Backed by a series of talented reporters and producers over the years , he was the front man -- the "  closer " so to speak -- for teams of investigative journalists and for the public . In the theater of the interview , he conveyed the outrage and skepticism of journalists who spent months digging for the truth . One of his former producers , Charles Lewis , wrote Sunday , "  Mike Wallace will go down in history as the finest investigative interviewer on the most popular and most honored network television news program in U.S. history . " Lewis , a founder of two nonprofit investigative journalism centers , added , "  At 60 Minutes , he literally set the gold standard for fearless , ` tough but fair , ' go-for-the-jugular questioning and showed the world and the profession how investigative television news could look , should look . " Wallace also exemplified a very American attitude that no matter how powerful someone is , he or she is expected to answer to the public for actions taken and mistakes made . When he confronted someone , many viewers felt Wallace represented their frustrations and spoke for them . When Wallace said the subject of an interview had to be kidding , he really meant the subject had to be kidding everyone watching . Before the camera , he embodied the democratic attitude that everyone is equal and everyone is accountable . In the end , one might wonder how he could continue to get those interviews after all those years of blistering confrontations , but I got a clue in 2000 . At the time , I was executive director of the professional organization Investigative Reporters and Editors and Wallace had been invited to be on a showcase panel at the annual conference in New York City . He came half an hour early and cheerily talked with the conference staff . But while waiting backstage he suddenly said he needed one of his well-known catnaps . We offered to get a cot , but he said no thanks , folded his suit jacket inside out into a pillow , lay down on the floor and promptly fell asleep . For 10 minutes the staff delicately stepped over and around him . Then he got up , completely alert , thanked everyone for inviting him , and smiling went on stage to chat with a thousand journalists . I suspect it was that kind of regular guy attitude that got so many to talk to him , to believe in him , and even some of his targets to forgive him . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Brant Houston .	Brant Houston : Mike Wallace , who died Sunday at 93 , defined image of hard-charging reporter He says Wallace reflected evolution of investigative reporting over decades Wallace exemplified the attitude that people in power should be held accountable , he says Houston : Wallace spoke openly of corporate interference in stories , and of his depression
For years , the protocol for treating possible concussions on a football field has been this : After a player takes a hard hit to the head , a coach or trainer examines him to assess the severity of the impact and his readiness to return to the field . But a visual inspection only reveals so much . What if there were data that could help detect concussions in real time ? Now there are . A wave of new technology , embedded in football helmets , aims to measure the force of on-field collisions and send alerts when a player 's health may be in danger . "  We want to protect players as best we can , " said Thad Ide , head of product development and management at Riddell , the United States ' leading maker of football helmets , which has embraced these new head-impact systems . "  It 's a way of keeping your players healthy . You can keep your star player healthy , and keep your star player playing more , " he said . "  That 's the way I 'd look at it if I was a coach . " Head injuries in football have become a hot-button issue in recent years , from youth leagues to the NFL . Thousands of former pro players -- many with dementia , Alzheimer 's disease , Parkinson 's disease and other brain disorders -- have sued the NFL , claiming the league knew about the long-term health risks associated with head trauma . Riddell , whose helmets were worn by two-thirds of NFL players last season , was named as a defendant in many of these lawsuits . Meanwhile , more parents are voicing concerns about letting their sons play football amid a study suggesting that high school athletes are more vulnerable to concussions than older players . "  Ten or 15 years ago concussions were n't thought of the same way as they are now , " Ide said . "  They 're being taken much more seriously ... and not just shrugged off as ` being shook up ' on the field . " Seeing an opportunity , manufacturers are producing a growing list of products marketed as "  head impact sensors , " small devices that fit inside the helmet and trigger a warning when a player sustains an especially hard blow . These products have names like Shockbox , Battle Sports ' Impact Indicator and Reebok 's CheckLight , and they 're pitched as an extra set of eyes on the playing field . Now Riddell is looking to incorporate such sensors into the helmet itself . The company 's newest helmet , the SpeedFlex , is the first designed from the ground up to include a polymer-film lining that develops a charge when impact pressure is applied . The helmet 's crown contains a flexible panel that compresses upon impact , reducing the force of collisions . Meanwhile , the helmet can be fitted with sensors -- Riddell 's InSite system , launched last year -- that send wireless alerts to handheld devices on the sidelines , telling coaches when a player has sustained an unusually forceful hit , or series of hits , to the head . When equipped this way , the helmet is "  an information-gathering tool , " said Ide , who tests helmets at Riddell 's lab in Rosemont , Illinois , outside Chicago . A Riddell spokeswoman said the SpeedFlex helmet will hit the market this summer in time for the 2014 football season . Such impact-sensing technology is not without controversy , however . Tests of head-impact sensors , conducted last year before CNN cameras , have suggested potential problems . Some helmets fitted with the sensors failed to register alerts even after being dropped from five feet or higher , an impact that could easily cause a concussion . Doctors have expressed concerns that inaccurate sensors could give players a false sense of security . "  These technologies can be useful if used cautiously , as long as you do n't overinterpret what they mean , " Dr. Jeffrey Kutcher , director of the Michigan NeuroSport clinic , said last year . "  It could be really dangerous to rely on this too much . " Riddell and other manufacturers are quick to point out that their products do n't diagnose concussions or any other injury . They say their devices do give coaches and trainers additional criteria that can help in determining whether a player should come out of a game . Ide believes the SpeedFlex helmet will have additional safety benefits . "  It could help identify players that are striking their head too often . A lot of multiple-impact alerts probably means a player is using their head more than they should , and there 's probably an opportunity to coach them not to do that , " he said . "  And that in the end can protect them better . It can make the game safer . "	"  Smart " football helmet can send alerts when a player sustains a hard hit Helmet , by Riddell , is coming for the 2014 football season It joins a growing list of products marketed as "  head impact sensors " Head injuries in football have become a hot-button issue in recent years
CNN  -- Recently , technology enthusiasts around the planet had the opportunity to get better acquainted with Elon Musk , the creator of SpaceX , the first privately owned company to send a spacecraft to the space station . Launched in the same manner as a Silicon Valley startup , SpaceX designed and manufactured the Dragon capsule , which successfully completed a mission with the International Space Station before splashing down into the Pacific Ocean . I see Musk , a 40-year-old entrepreneur who made his fortune by co-founding PayPal , as a "  visioneer . " That is to say , he is someone who combines scientific and engineering prowess -- in his case , a degree in physics -- with an expansive view of how technology will upend traditional economic models , and has the ability to inspire others to support his work . Musk has bold visions for the future . When he finished college , he identified three areas that could change the world . One was the Internet ; another was new sources of energy ; and the third was transforming our civilization in such a way so that it could expand out into the solar system . His success with PayPal and then with Tesla Motors -- a company he started that makes high-performance electric roadsters -- pushed him to take on the challenge of SpaceX . The successful launch of Dragon was a big step toward the completion of Musk 's trifecta . Musk 's entrepreneurial activities rest on the shoulders of previous visioneers . In the 1970s , Princeton physicist Gerard O'Neill achieved celebrity status for designing and advocating free-floating space colonies as the new frontier for humanity . In 1977 , when California hosted its first Space Day , O'Neill 's ideas were discussed by scientists , aerospace executives and politicians , including then-Gov . Jerry Brown . While today , such visions of the future seem fantastical -- space colonies ... really ? -- they make more sense if seen in the context of their time . In O'Neill 's day , fears of overpopulation , resource shortages and general eco-catastrophism permeated public discussions and popular culture as people fretted about an impending era of limits . Compared with that era 's other mega-projects such as the Trans-Alaskan Pipeline , O'Neill 's ideas were not so far-fetched . Musk has inherited O'Neill 's concept for the "  humanization of space . " But like other dot-com billionaires who make up the so-called NewSpace movement , his pursuits have a decided libertarian strain . Many visioneers champion free markets , less government , fewer regulations and profits for those who test the technological envelope . This is different from what O'Neill had in mind , which aimed mostly to benefit society at large . Musk may be the most prominent visioneer , but he is not the only one . Recently , the New York Times profiled J. Craig Venter , the biologist-entrepreneur who is hoping to create bioengineered bacteria that can generate food and fuel for an increasingly crowded planet . Then there are others who have proposed radical geoengineering schemes , such as injecting tons of sunlight-reflecting particulates into the stratosphere as a way to address the threat of climate change . So far , America has remained the No. 1 destination for people such as Musk or Venter . As the rest of the world catches up -- think China -- and competes with us on innovation and technology , we must make sure that our country can continue to attract brilliant minds who can take speculative ideas out of the hands of sci-fi writers and technological forecasters and put them on firmer ground . The U.S. government as well as private groups like the X Prize Foundation can play an important role in stimulating and helping budding visioneers through prizes , funding or other forms of support . For someone like Musk , the present is merely a prototype -- a provisional plan for what may become a magnificent and perhaps less limited future . Who knows , his trailblazing might just make it feasible and affordable for you to take a vacation to Mars . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of W. Patrick McCray .	SpaceX successfully launched the Dragon capsule to the space station W. Patrick McCray : Elon Musk , founder of SpaceX , is a "  visioneer " He says people like Musk can take ideas out of science fiction and turn them into reality McCray : America must make sure it remains the top destination for visioneers
CNN  -- Cleopatra , the queen of Egypt , died from drinking a mixture of poisons and not from a snake bite , a German historian said Wednesday . The theory by Christoph Schaefer , a professor of ancient history at Trier University , challenges the common , centuries-old belief that Cleopatra committed suicide with the bite of an asp . "  It is certain that there was no cobra , " Schaefer told CNN by phone Wednesday . An asp is a small venomous snake also called the Egyptian cobra . Schaefer said he studied historic writings and consulted a toxicologist to develop the theory , which is due to be featured Wednesday on the German channel ZDF as part of a program on the Egyptian queen . He also deduced that Cleopatra would n't have chosen to die by a snake bite because she was intent on suicide -- and a cobra , he said , is not always fatal . When a person does die from a cobra bite , he said , "  it does n't go quickly -- it is a horrible death , " in which it takes hours to die and the victim suffers paralysis to parts of their body , including the eyes . Cleopatra died a "  quiet and pain-free death , " according to the Roman historian Cassius Dio , writing about 200 years after she died , Schaefer said . Ancient texts also say Cleopatra 's two assistants died with her , but that would be unlikely if she had died of a snake bite , the historian said . Also , temperatures in August -- when Cleopatra committed suicide in 30 B.C. -- would have been so high that a snake probably would n't have stayed still enough to bite , he said . Ancient papyri show that Cleopatra knew about poisons , and one papyrus says she actually tested them , Schaefer said . Death by poison would make sense given the way in which Cleopatra wanted to die , and the fact that she died at the same time as her two handmaidens , he said . Schaefer said he worked with German toxicologist Dietrich Mebs to determine which poisons Cleopatra might have used . They decided it was hemlock , mixed with wolfsbane and opium . "  Opium is quiet and with it , one can really fall into a deadly sleep , " Schaefer said . Asked why the tale of the asp has lingered for more than 2,000 years , he said most people simply believed the common story . A cobra can be fatal , and Cleopatra has historically been pictured with one , "  so it makes sense " for people to believe that version , he said . Many of the ancient depictions of Cleopatra with a cobra , however , were simply showing her reception in the afterlife , he said . It was only in the 15th century that painters first started showing Cleopatra with an asp on her arm , and later , they painted the snake on her breast . In Shakespeare 's Antony and Cleopatra , she dies in the final scene from the bite of two asps -- one to her breast and one to her arm . Cleopatra ruled Egypt from 51 to 30 B.C. and was the last pharaoh before Egypt became a Roman province . She was Julius Caesar 's mistress in Rome and , after he was assassinated , she returned to Egypt and began a relationship with Mark Antony , one of the three leaders of Rome after Caesar 's death . Cleopatra joined Antony at the Battle of Actium in Greece . He committed suicide when his forces were defeated , and Cleopatra then returned to Egypt to do the same .	Cleopatra died after drinking poisons and not snake bite , German scholar says Scholar worked with toxicologist to arrive at theory Findings to be presented on German television program Ancient writings show Cleopatra was familiar with poison , had tested some
