CNN  The flashing neon advertising signs and crowded crosswalks of Tokyo may not resemble the slow suburban settlement of Maseru -- the capital of the tiny mountain kingdom of Lesotho in southern Africa . But the two countries are now being linked by an unlikely dish : trout . Thanks to Highlands Trout , and their operation 2,200 m above sea level in the Maluti Mountains , supermarket shoppers in Osaka , Kyoto and Tokyo can now get their seafood fix from the landlocked African nation . "  Lesotho provide  s  ideal , pristine environmental conditions for the farming of large trout , " explains Fred Formanek , managing partner of Advance Africa Management Services , who has developed the Highlands Trout project since 2009 . "  Water temperatures are close to ideal -LSB- for trout -RSB- for most of the year due to the altitude . " Production started in 2012 with a haul of 500 tonnes of trout in the first year . During the current financial year , the company aims to produce three-times that amount . While the business says the Japan-bound fish are stuck on a ship for four weeks , executives insist the added logistics -- and extra costs -- are worth it . "  The price premium that we currently receive ... makes up for any additional logistics costs , " says Formanek . Business beginnings The production process starts with the fish arriving in Lesotho from Denmark as eggs . They are then stored in temperature-controlled pens until they become "  fingerlings " weighing around 10g . The baby fish are so fragile at this stage that the water quality is monitored regularly . Once they become fingerlings , the fish are transferred to small nursery cages in the Katse dam -- Africa 's second largest . In these more natural conditions , the fish grow to around 20cm in length and a weight of around 150g . They are then moved to larger "  grow cages " where they live their last days in the mountain kingdom . Through this whole process , which takes around 20 months , some of the fish grow as heavy as 2.8 kg -- lean fish meat fresh for sushi , soups and sizzling grills . And it 's the vast majority of these fish -- 85 % -- that will be gutted and loaded onto 40ft refrigerated containers and shipped from the South African port of Durban to Asia . The remainder is sold to South Africa  10 %  and Lesotho  5 %  . Foreign inputs But it 's not just the fish that make a long journey to keep this business afloat . Using materials and expertise from abroad has been key to the success of the project . Specially designed cages have been imported from Norway  which is also where the farm manager was based for 20 years  , while most of the protein rich pellets the fish nibble on whilst growing come from France . But not all aspects of this operation are imported . "  We employ just over 100 -LSB- local people -RSB- on a permanent basis , " explains managing director of Highlands Trout Grant Merrick . "  The bulk of the employees are directly involved with the growing and processing of fish ... We have many employees who have never been in formal employment prior to starting at Highlands Trout . " This is an important consideration in a country where 24 % of the population was unemployed in 2008 -- the last year records were collected . Government estimates from figures collected in 2010/11 show that 57 % of the country lives in poverty . Future fish While this might be a significant operation now , the project has had to deal with difficulties to get to where it is today . "  The extremely remote area , developing a high-tech business with the highest levels of food safety certification , in a country where aquaculture and fisheries did not exist , presented plenty of challenges , " explains Formanek . And when the business is compared to the global market the impact is limited . Expert Peter Rand of the IUCN Salmon Specialist Group describes the production figures as "  very small " compared to other sectors . He explains that salmon production in countries like Norway and Chile "  is more than 1 million metric tons per year . " But the Lesotho is showing no signs of shrinking in the face of the competition . "  Projected growth is ramping up by some 750 tonnes per annum , " explains Formanek . "  Expansion into a second dam in the Highlands called Mohale Dam is in planning . " While Highlands Trout may not swamp the supermarkets anytime soon , their use of Lesotho 's natural resources and remote mountain landscape could help the operation see some success . Read this : ` Zimbabwe 's goldmine ' draws back tourists Read this : Inside ` world 's fastest growing port ' More from Marketplace Africa	A company in Lesotho is exporting 85 % of its total trout catch to Japan The fish are reared in a dam 2,200 m above sea level in the Maluti Mountains Creating Lesotho 's first fishery has presented challenges The company expects to grow its production by 750 tonnes per year
CNN  -- A massive iceberg with an area almost twice the size of Atlanta is moving into the ocean off Antarctica and could threaten shipping during the Antarctic winter , scientists say . The ice island , known as iceberg B31 , covers 255 square miles and could be almost a third of a mile thick , scientists say in a report from NASA 's Earth Observatory . The iceberg calved from Antarctica 's Pine Island Glacier last November , according to NASA . The crack that produced it was first spotted in 2011 . Since November , B31 has drifted out of Pine Island Bay and into the Amundsen Sea off the western side of the continent . "  The iceberg is now well out of Pine Island Bay and will soon join the more general flow in the Southern Ocean , which could be east or west in this region , " iceberg researcher Grant Bigg from the University of Sheffield in England said in the NASA statement . Once that happens , the researchers worry it will be difficult track the iceberg during the long weeks of darkness that comprise the Antarctic winter . And do n't expect it to melt . An iceberg of that size could hang around for a year or more , Robert Marsh , a scientist at the University of Southampton in England , said last year . The largest iceberg ever recorded was called B15 . With an area of 4,250 square miles -- about the size of the state of Connecticut or the island of Jamaica -- it calved off Antarctica 's Ross Ice Shelf in March 2000 . B15 has since broken up , but parts of it still exist around the Antarctic today . A ` modest hope ' to slow global warming , but it wo n't be easy	Iceberg is 255 square miles in size Massive berg calved from glacier last year Scientists fear it could get lost in the Antarctic darkness
The amazing escape of three Cleveland women -- Amanda Berry , Georgina "  Gina " DeJesus , and Michelle Knight -- exploded into the media amid sordid back stories of their captivity and gave life yet again to my own dark memories of captivity and despair . At age 13 , I , too , became the helpless victim of a sexually depraved monster , a vicious Internet predator who actively groomed me . Luring me from my home , he abducted me to Virginia where I was held captive in his basement dungeon . For days , I was raped , beaten and tortured , and like an animal , chained to the floor by a locking dog collar . My abductor shared my degradation via streaming video , boasting online about the young girl he had taken to be his sex slave . It was this very brazenness that would lead to my rescue , as one recipient of the live broadcast , afraid of his own involvement in the crime , scoured the newspaper and found my National Center for Missing and Exploited Children missing person flier . Seeing that my family and the FBI were searching for me , he used a pay phone to contact authorities . This led the FBI to where I was being imprisoned . The chain was cut from my neck ; I was set free and gifted with a second chance at life . Had that call not been made , or had the investigation taken only a bit longer , the monster would have most likely murdered me . Sadly , 74 % of stranger-abducted children will be killed within the first three hours . Abused but alive : Lessons from survivors Though my rescue was miraculous , recovery and re-assimilation has been difficult . Despite this , at 14 , after an all-too-brief period of healing , I began to speak out and share my story with students , parents , teachers , law enforcement -- anybody who would listen . I came to realize that other children need not suffer my traumatic experience , and so the "  Alicia Project " was born . Continuing my mission , I 've joined Discovery ID to raise awareness of , and effect change for , issues such as Internet safety , missing persons , human trafficking and child safety awareness education . I was attending an Amber Alert roundtable in Florida when news broke of the Cleveland rescue . Few have had positive outcomes ; their loved ones have been recovered deceased or not at all . Those whose children have yet to be recovered are searching tirelessly , proclaiming that they will never give up . I watched their faces light up as they heard the news . You could almost hear each of them say , "  That could be my child ! " These women are unbelievably lucky to have been pulled from the hell they were suffering and given another chance . They are excited to be back with their families and/or loved ones and everything is moving so quickly that their pain and trauma may be eclipsed by their joy . Unfortunately , this is likely to be short-lived . The vast majority of those who have survived a traumatic experience suffer from post-traumatic stress disorder . Nightmares , flashbacks , an inability to be in large crowds , hypervigilance , etc. , may become a part of their daily lives . It 's important for those around them to be sensitive and to allow them to express their pain . Letter from a kidnapping survivor Additionally , people must also temper their questioning of the events that unfolded while the girls were missing . It is their story and their choice whether to share it . They do not owe that to the world . Privacy is essential . Survivors , aware of the agonies their families have endured , may feel the need to appear to be "  fine " because they do not want to add to their loved ones ' grief . This is one of the many reasons counseling is vital for healthy mental well-being , as it provides a forum in which to speak freely without concern for the reaction of others . Healing , for each of us , is an ongoing process . I still have days where I suffer from PTSD , but they are becoming less frequent . Traumas do n't simply vanish , but we can definitely choose to fill our lives with positive experiences as time goes on . What people should take from this story is a message of hope . We must never give up hope that any child , whatever the circumstances , will be rescued and returned safely home . Amanda , Michelle and Georgina , you have so many wonderful things in store for you . Only those of us who have experienced the terror of threatened captivity may truly appreciate the hero you became as you seized that chance of escape , Amanda . Together , you survived . Welcome home , heroes .	Alicia Kozakiewicz was abducted at age 13 and taken to Virginia Someone who saw a live video stream alerted authorities and she was rescued The three Cleveland women will likely face PTSD in their recovery , she says Kozakiewicz salutes all three women as heroes
CNN  -- Two young women arrested in Peru on suspicion of drug trafficking are in good condition and being well treated while in detention , a senior clergyman in Lima said Tuesday . The women , Melissa Reid , 19 , from Scotland and Michaella McCollum , 20 , from Ireland , were arrested by Peruvian national police at Jorge Chavez International Airport in the capital on August 6 . They were stopped as they tried to board an Air Europa flight from Lima to Madrid after authorities allegedly found 11.59 kilograms  25.5 pounds  of cocaine in their luggage . Their final destination was Palma de Mallorca . The cocaine was found inside pouches of oatmeal and dehydrated foods . "  I was forced to take these bags in my luggage , " said Reid , in video footage of the police interrogation . McCollum 's family issued a statement Tuesday saying that they stand behind their daughter and are making arrangements to go to Peru . "  Michaella 's family are obviously shocked and distressed by the recent events but are confident that Michaella will be exonerated , " family attorney Peter Madden said . According to police , the pair were contacted by a Colombian named "  Enrique " in Palma de Mallorca through a tourism company that flew them to Lima and then to Machu Picchu . But the tourism was cover for a plan to smuggle the drugs , police told CNN . Archbishop of Lima Sean Walsh , an Irish-American bishop who 's been in Peru for the past seven years , told CNN he was able to meet briefly with the young women in the police cell where they are being held . He said the two are in good condition , are eating well , have clean clothing and are receiving good care . Walsh dismissed media reports suggesting they are not being treated well and that one of the women is on a hunger strike . Reid and McCollum are expected to appear before a judge Wednesday , he said . The Ministry of Justice normally has an official translator present , said Walsh , who often visits foreigners held in jail in Lima . While he was visiting the women , a prosecutor entered and told them that they needed to cooperate as fully as possible , Walsh said . He expects to see the pair again Wednesday evening , he added . They do not yet have an attorney to represent them that he knows of , Walsh said . The court system in Peru usually provides a public defender but they may try to hire private defense lawyers , he added . Walsh said he had also been in touch with the parents of both young women , who are feeling fear and shame over their arrest . He said McCollum 's parents told him she had been calling them every day from Ibiza , the Spanish island on which , according to UK media reports , the two girls had been spending the summer . But the calls home stopped , he said , and the parents then started a social media campaign to find her . A UK Foreign Office spokesman said : "  We can confirm the arrest of a British national in Peru on 7 August . We are providing consular assistance . " A spokeswoman for Ireland 's Department of Foreign Affairs said it was providing consular assistance to Connolly and her family through the Irish Embassy in Mexico , and was also working with the British Embassy in Lima . Peru is now the world 's top cultivator of coca -- the plant whose leaves are used to produce cocaine -- having overtaken Colombia for the dubious honor .	Peruvian police are holding two young women suspected of drug trafficking Melissa Reid , held with Michaella McCollum , says she was made to carry the bags Archbishop of Lima Sean Walsh says the two are being well treated in detention UK and Irish authorities say they are providing consular assistance to the two women
CNN  -- O Roamio , Roamio , wherefore art thou Roamio ? The answer , hopes TiVo , is next to your TV . TiVo , which pioneered the digital-video recorder in the late 1990s and early 2000s , is back with Roamio , its first new line of DVRs in three years . The devices were announced Tuesday by the company , which hopes Roamio rekindles a classic romance with customers . "  While so many people love TV , they have no idea what TiVo can do for their love of TV , " Tom Rogers , TiVo 's president and CEO , said in a written release . "  TiVo Roamio is so much more than just the best DVR , it 's for people who are all about loving their TV -- that 's why we call our latest offering Roamio . " The new set-top boxes range in price from $ 199 - $ 599 and hit the market at a time when Web-streaming products like Roku , Slingbox and Google 's new Chromecast have captured the imaginations of tech-savvy TV viewers . Not surprisingly , Roamio incorporates features from some of those devices into the TiVo box that became almost synonymous with DVRs after hitting the U.S. market in 1999 . Roamio DVRs will soon offer the ability to watch any of your recorded shows on mobile devices from anywhere , a la Slingbox . Like Chromecast and Roku , they offer popular streaming services like Netflix , Hulu and Amazon . "  It 's like Roku , Apple TV , Slingbox , Google TV , your cable DVR -- rolled into one , " reads the company 's news release . This mobile streaming feature , available on the top-end and mid-range boxes , is expected to roll out in the next few months . There 's also more of what made TiVo popular in the first place . The top-of-the-line set can record up to six shows at the same time and , with a full 3 TB of storage space , can hold up to 450 hours of high-definition content . The new devices also can stream content to multiple TVs , as well as to tablets and smartphones . The three devices in the new line are the TiVo Roamio  $ 199.99  , TiVo Roamio Plus  $ 399.99  and TiVo Roamio Pro  $ 599.99  . A review of the Roamio Pro on tech site The Verge sums up the device 's upside and downside in its headline : "  This is the ultimate cable box ... but , oh , the price . " The review calls the Roamio DVRs a big upgrade over the current TiVo Premiere line with a "  huge " advantage over cable company offerings . "  The TiVo Roamio Pro is very much the ultimate DVR -- short of building a media center PC , there is n't another product on the market that can do as much with as much flexibility as the Roamio , " reads the review by Nilay Patel . "  Installing it can be a huge pain , and it 's outrageously expensive ... but if you 're spending loads of money on cable service with premium channels , it 's worth it . " The TiVo Premiere debuted in 2010 for $ 299 , and an upgraded Premiere XL was $ 499 . The Roamio line is currently available for order from TiVo 's website , Amazon.com and BestBuy.com . The boxes also will go on sale at Best Buy stores sometime in the next few weeks .	Roamio is TiVo 's first new line of DVRs in three years New line incorporates features of Roku , Slingbox and other streaming devices Prices range from $ 199 - $ 599 Review : Roamio is the "  ultimate DVR , " but its top-end model is expensive
CNN  -- Romanian striker Adrian Mutu has been ordered to pay English Premier League champions Chelsea a record $ 20.7 million after losing his final appeal in a five-year case relating to his positive cocaine test . The Swiss Federal Court upheld the decision of FIFA and the Court of Arbitration for Sport  CAS  in ruling that the player must compensate his former club for breach of contract . Mutu , 31 , who now plays for Fiorentina , was sacked by the London team in 2004 after testing positive for the drug . He was given a seven-month worldwide ban from football before resurrecting his career in Italy with Juventus and then Fiorentina . Chelsea 's legal case was based on the fact that they paid # 15 million to sign the player from Parma in 2003 and he had four years remaining on his contract when he was banned . A statement from the Swiss court said : "  The Swiss Federal Tribunal has rejected the appeal filed by Adrian Mutu against a sentence by Cas . "  The Cas had sentenced the professional Romanian footballer to paying a sum of more than 17 million euros to his previous employer , Chelsea Football Club Limited . " Mutu is currently serving a nine-month drug ban after testing positive for an anti-obesity drug in January . Chelsea have not commented on the decision .	Romanian striker Adrian Mutu ordered to pay former club Chelsea $ 20.7 million Mutu lost his final appeal against Fifa sanction for breach of contract Chelsea sued the player for breach of contract after he tested positive for cocaine
CNN  -- Half a century ago , with the space race in full swing , the heated quest for interplanetary exploration between the Earth 's superpowers gained a new , self-proclaimed , contender . "  We 're going to Mars ! " audaciously declared Zambian schoolteacher Edward Makuka Nkoloso in a 1964 newspaper op-ed , revealing to the world his fanciful plans for his country to beat the United States and the Soviet Union in their fierce battle to conquer outer space . "  Our rocket crew is ready , " continued Nkoloso , explaining that his aspiring troupe of space explorers had been gearing up for their interstellar journey in the headquarters of the academy he 'd set up on the outskirts of Zambian capital Lusaka . From within what he called the "  Academy of Sciences and Space Technology , " Nkoloso said , he 'd been studying Mars through telescopes . He 'd also been training his would-be astronauts by rolling them down a hill in oil drums , a technique aimed at getting his team acclimatized to the weightlessness experienced during space travel . Read this : Nigerian doctor takes to the skies "  Specially trained spacegirl Matha Mwambwa , two cats  also specially trained  and a missionary will be launched in our first rocket , " wrote Nkoloso , a grade-school science teacher and self-appointed director of the space academy . Unsurprisingly , the program , which was never taken seriously by the government of the newly independent Zambia , failed to take off ; a $ 7 million grant Nkoloso said he 'd requested from UNESCO never came , whilst the pregnancy of the 17-year-old spacegirl brought the proceedings to an end . "  The Afronauts " Fast forward to 2010 , when Spanish photographer Cristina De Middel was searching for "  unbelievable stories " for a new personal project she was hoping to develop . Whilst scouring the depths of the internet , she stumbled on a website listing the 10 craziest experiments in history . "  The first one on the list was the Zambia space program , " says De Middel who , after a decade of working as a news photojournalist , had decided to embark on a new career as a visual storyteller . Fascinated by Nkoloso 's visionary and dreamy perspective on life , De Middel set about creating an imaginary documentation of his elusive endeavors some 50 years ago . The result is "  The Afronauts , " an arresting photo book that has been shortlisted for this year 's esteemed Deutsche Börse Photography Prize . In the self-published book , De Middel self-consciously conjures up the story of the unofficial space program piece by piece . She uses a series of cinematographic images , including staged depictions of discarded oil barrels , makeshift spaceships , elephant-hugging spacemen and flying cats , as well as vintage-looking maps , documents and newspapers cuttings . Throughout , facts and fiction are intertwined as part of an intriguing narrative which challenges viewers ' perceptions about what 's real and what 's not . "  I was working in a very free way , " says De Middel , sitting at the café of the Photographer 's Gallery in London , where The Afronauts is being exhibited . "  I needed to add mystery ; I needed to add this fascination for great things and work on the photographic language that would not state if it 's true , " adds De Middel , encouraging viewers to question the documentary value of photography . "  Otherwise , I would have ruined the game . " "  Big dreams " Whilst playful , De Middel 's dream-like images are not intended to make fun of Nkoloso 's fantastical , yet high-flying , ambitions . Her speculative pictures exude a feeling of nostalgia and sympathy , celebrating the audacious and naive spirit of a past era where grandiose dreams were not limited by circumstances . "  I think that 's the greatest characteristic we have as humans , that we can dream of becoming big , " says De Middel . Read this : Artist 's spectacular glasses "  That is something common to all humanity , " she adds . "  You do n't have to be American and work for NASA to dream of going to the moon ; you can be an African -- he -LSB- Nkoloso -RSB- was a school teacher and thought that could be done . " "  Honest approach " Creating The Afronauts , which was sold out in just a few months , De Middel worked more as a movie director , trying to make the best of the resources around her . For models , she relied on social media and friends ; for the astronauts ' helmets , she used old domes of street lights ; and for the flashy spacesuits , she employed the sewing talents of her grandmother . "  It was like a short , small and very modest movie production , " says De Middel . "  But instead of producing a moving image , I just did stills . " Most of the images were shot in between different projects , in locations such as Spain , the Palestinian territories , Italy and Romania . Others were repurposed pictures from the photographer 's archive . De Middel , who 's never been to Zambia , acknowledges she 's not "  an expert in Africa " -- nor in space . This led her to go about the story with caution . "  I always kept in my mind that I do n't know a lot about African history and I am approaching a subject that can be sensitive or can be offensive for some people , " says De Middel . So far , she says , her work has received a great response from people in Africa . She 's been contacted by Nigeria 's space program and been invited to the continent to give talks , while her book is being shown in South Africa and Senegal . "  I would love to -LSB- take the exhibition to Lusaka as well -RSB- , " she says . If anything , De Middel says , the extraordinary tale of the forgotten Zambian space program presented a chance to talk about Africa from a different perspective . "  The only honest approach I could do to that story was documenting my cliché , and that 's what I really wanted to do , because , in a way , I was raising awareness of the existence of that cliché and what we expect from Africa , " she says . Read this : Zambia 's amazing street acrobats "  Not only because the story is positive , in terms of African people having dreams , but also evidencing what we expect from Africa in terms of aesthetics and behavior . " Today , nobody seems to know what happened to Nkoloso or his cast of wannabe space explorers . Yet Nkoloso 's desire to dream the impossible has found a new , alternative , home inside De Middel 's images , striking a chord with captivated audiences around the world . "  He had a fascination for the universe that we all share , " says De Middel . "  Asking if we 're alone , looking at the stars , making metaphysical questions . That is a universal feeling and it does n't belong to the people who can actually have the technology to go to the moon ; it 's everywhere . "	In the mid-1960s , a Zambian school teacher wanted to send the first African to space ` The Afronauts ' photo book is a fictional documentation of his endeavors The work , by Cristina De Middel , has been shortlisted for the Deutsche Börse prize
CNN  -- Jesse Matthew , a suspect in the disappearance of University of Virginia student Hannah Graham , returned to Virginia on Friday , authorities said . Matthew had been taken into custody this week in Texas , 1,300 miles away from the town where Graham disappeared . Matthew agreed not to fight extradition from Texas , and arrived by plane in Charlottesville , Virginia , home of the university . Officials at the Albemarle Charlottesville Regional Jail said Matthew was being processed on Friday night . He has also been questioned in connection with an alleged sexual assault nearly 12 years ago , authorities said Thursday . However , no charges were filed because the woman did n't want to go forward with the case , and investigators determined there was n't enough evidence to arrest Matthew back then , said Michael Doucette , the commonwealth 's attorney for Lynchburg , Virginia . According to a statement from Lynchburg police , a woman reported she was raped on the campus of Liberty University on October 17 , 2002 . Matthew was a student there for three years and played on the football team . Matthew told authorities that the woman consented , Doucette said , adding that there were no witnesses . On Thursday , Matthew was in a Texas court twice Thursday , once to determine whether he wanted to fight extradition to Virginia and once on a charge of giving false information to a Texas peace officer . Jesse Matthew 's father spoke out on his behalf on Thursday , saying his son would not have harmed Graham . "  For a big man , he 's as gentle as they come , " Jesse Matthew Sr. told CNN affiliate WTVR . "  The only thing I could see , him , maybe trying to give the girl a ride or help her out . " "  To kill or hurt somebody , that 's not my son . " Found camping on the beach Authorities found Matthew on a Galveston County beach after deputies got a call about a suspicious person camping there . A license plate check revealed he was wanted , CNN affiliate KPRC reported . Matthew did not resist arrest , police said . Mike Rodenberg , a vacationer who was fishing near the campsite when Matthew was arrested , said the big man came up to him to ask about why he was throwing some of his catch back . "  He seemed real nice . He was real soft spoken , " Rodenberg said . "  He  said he was down here from New Jersey and was looking for a job . I told him if I caught another red fish he could have it . " Matthew told him that his name was George , Rodenberg said . Nothing really seemed out of the ordinary until the police showed up . Lawyer : No comment at this point Authorities had obtained an arrest warrant for Matthew on Tuesday , and police believe he was the last person with Graham . Matthew willingly went to a Virginia police station over the weekend , when there was no warrant for his arrest , Charlottesville Police Chief Timothy Longo said . He asked for a lawyer . They spoke and then left , police said . Authorities are now offering a $ 100,000 reward for information leading to the safe return of Graham , 18 , a second-year student at the University of Virginia . The Northern Virginia native is 5 feet 11 inches tall with a slender build and has light brown hair , blue eyes and freckles . She was last seen September 13 wearing a black crop top and capri pants . She had an iPhone in a pink case . Police have received 1,500 tips so far in the case and are urging anyone with information to call the police tip line at 434-295-3851 . Hannah Graham disappearance : What we know Graham was last seen in an area of Charlottesville known as the Downtown Mall . Police have asked owners of large parcels of property in surrounding counties to search their land and report back . CNN 's Jason Hanna , Jean Casarez , Ed Payne , Ben Brumfield and journalist Betsy Kaufman contributed to this report .	NEW : Jesse Matthew arrives in Virginia and is booked into jail Vacationer says he spoke with Matthew before arrest ; "  he seemed real nice " Matthew was never charged in 2002 case due to lack of evidence University of Virginia student Hannah Graham was last seen on September 13
CNN  -- Are one of sport 's most high-profile power couples back together ? Or did they never part ? The sight of golf 's two-time major winner Rory McIlroy and former World No. 1 tennis player Caroline Wozniacki striding down the fairways in Dubai certainly set a few tongues wagging . A mass of media reports had claimed the duo were no longer an item , both parties remaining tight lipped whenever they were quizzed about their relationship in recent weeks and months . But Wozniacki followed the Northern Irishman for all 18 holes of his opening round at the DP World Tour Championship in Dubai -- the climax of the European Tour season . The Dane had tweeted a picture of McIlroy playing tennis the previous day as she begins her preparations for the new tennis season . Despite her support McIlroy occasionally cut a frustrated figure out on the Jumeirah course , carding an opening round of one-under-par , having been three under for his first four holes . McIlroy is five shots off the lead , held by Spain 's Alejandro Cañizares , with Henrik Stenson -- who is aiming to be the first golfer to win the PGA Tour 's FedEx Cup series as well as the Race to Dubai -- on four-under . "  It 's much better than it has been the last few months and I am playing better , which is important , " McIlroy told the official European Tour website . "  It 's good that the game is back on track . I have this event and two more so it would be great to get a win before the end of the season . " Sweden 's Stenson carded a round of 68 -- his only bogey of the day coming after he missed a short putt on the final hole . If making history was n't enough motivation for Stenson perhaps his bet with another potential winner -- England 's Ian Poulter -- might be . Some months ago Stenson agreed to act as drinks waiter for the pair on a night out should Poulter overhaul him and get the 345,000 points he needs to win the Race to Dubai title . At his pre-tournament press conference Stenson told reporters : "  That 's probably my biggest motivation , not to become his servant for a day . He is certainly not going off that bet and I know he is up my tail . " But Stenson is well placed to fend off the challenge of Poulter , as well as other potential winners , 2013 U.S. Open champion Justin Rose and Northern Ireland 's Graeme McDowell , who won the U.S. Open in 2010 . "  It has been a lot of hard work all season and I just let my focus slip on the last , " Stenson told the official European Tour website of his solitary bogey . "  That sucks , but I am still in good shape and playing nicely . The guys are running on fumes so everybody is looking forward to getting done . "  You ca n't win a tournament on Thursday but you can certainly play your way out of it . I would have taken four-under at the start of the day so I just have to let the disappointment of the last slip away . " Poulter is only a shot further back but was frustrated he did n't make more of the opportunities he gave himself . "  I am annoyed , " Poulter said . "  I made two putts which were outside birdie chances and took a couple more but the rest were missed . I am frustrated but happy to be only three behind . "  I need to continue to be aggressive and see if I can nick it at the end . It 's a good mix to be really angry being three under par and still being in there for the next three days . "	Rory McIlroy and Caroline Wozniacki pictured together at Dubai Tour Championship Reports had claimed the couple ended their relationship a few months ago McIlroy shoots two under at European Tour 's final event at the Jumeirah course Henrik Stenson on course to add Race to Dubai crown to his FedEx Cup victory
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- Pakistani Taliban leader Hakimullah Mehsud is alive and remains in hiding , a spokesman for the group told CNN Thursday . "  Hakimullah Mehsud is alive and he is our chief , " said spokesman Azim Tariq . "  All the reports regarding his death are propaganda . " Tariq said Mehsud remains in hiding because he is being targeted by U.S. drone attacks but "  is still in command of the mujahedeen . " Authorities have been looking into reports that Mehsud died after being wounded last month in a drone attack . One news report , citing local sources and a correspondent , said he died and was buried . But Pakistani and U.S. officials said they have not been able to confirm Mehsud 's status .	Hakimullah Mehsud previously reported dead , buried He is "  alive and he is our chief , " Taliban spokesman Azim Tariq says Tariq : Mehsud remains in hiding because he is being targeted by U.S. drone attacks Pakistani and U.S. officials said they have been unable to confirm Mehsud 's status
You could blame weeds , trees , and grasses if you start itching , sneezing , coughing , and wheezing this fall . But the usual suspects are n't the only triggers . A host of household items -- candles , chemicals , stuffed animals , and spices -- may be the real culprits . From blue jeans buttons to limes to teddybears , allergy triggers come in many ways , shapes and forms . "  Many homes are filled with irritants , and if there 's a high enough count of an irritant , you 'll react , " says Christopher Randolph , M.D. , an allergy expert and professor of pediatric immunology at Yale University . Here , a rundown of 11 sneaky suspects -- and how to stop them from bothering you . Candles You ca n't be allergic to essential oils -- which make candles smell like autumn leaves or dune grass -- but their odors can inflame your nasal cavities , according to James Wedner , M.D. , chief of allergy and immunology at the Washington University School of Medicine . "  People with nasal allergies have a natural increased sensitivity , so they 're likely to get a runny nose or watery eyes around candles , " he says . "  To the person with the sensitive nose , it 's no different than cigarette smoke . " What to do : If you 're very sensitive , avoid candles altogether . But if you love the smell and want to use them at home , buy candles that have few ingredients and feature just one scent , such as pumpkin . By a process of elimination you may be able to pinpoint which scent or ingredient bothers you .  Smoke from candles can also be an irritant , though that usually comes from snuffing it out ; open a window or blow out the flame outside . If you have a bad reaction to a scented candle , getting some fresh air should make you feel better . Perfume Fragrances can contain hundreds of chemicals that are mostly untested on humans , Wedner says . When those chemicals bond with the essential oils in perfumes and are then sprayed into the air , sensitive people may take offense . Sneezing , congestion , and headaches can be the result . What to do : Kindly ask your colleagues to go easy on their favorite fragrances , and bring a portable fan to keep your area as scent-free as possible . If the thought of not wearing a fragrance leaves you blue , stick with body creams and moisturizers that have light scents . These are less likely to irritate you . Soaps and detergents You think it 's the chemicals in cleaning products that make you itch ? Surprise : "  The majority of skin sensitivities are caused not by the cleaning agent but by a perfume additive , " Wedner says . "  And nearly every soap now has some sort of plant in it to make it fancy -- roses , elderberries , etc. . The skin can respond with irritation , and give you a rash . " Read more on how to identify a rash What to do : Buy organic or specially marked soaps ; look for "  no additives , " "  nonscented , " or "  phthalate-free " on the label . Phthalates are chemicals that help improve texture , but they 've been linked to allergic reactions ; products that contain them may have "  diethylphthalate " or something similar on the label . Dove , Tide , and Ivory all offer low-irritant products , as do many organic brands . If fabric softener seems to be giving your skin fits , try using a sheet of aluminum foil in your dryer instead ; this trick will get rid of static cling . Or use a scent-free , no-additive version , like Seventh Generation Free & Clear Natural Fabric Softener . If you 're in a public laundromat , wash and dry towels first , which will soak up the residue left behind by previous users . Then be sure to use that same washer and dryer to clean and dry your clothes . Stuffed animals Dust mites living in mattresses and pillows are a huge allergy trigger . Roughly 15 percent of the population is allergic to these microscopic bugs . Encasing mattresses and pillows with impenetrable covers and cases is a useful step , but it 's not enough . The mites also love kids ' favorite furry toys . What to do : Wash , dry , then repeat ... and use very hot water . "  Toys should be washed at 140 degrees , which will ensure that the mites are killed , " Randolph says . After they 're clean store them on a shelf , not on the bed . What to do with the nonwashable toys ? Every two to three weeks put them in a plastic bag in the freezer for a couple of hours , which will also kill the mites . Carpeting You may love the feel of carpeting under your feet , but mites find it just as attractive . "  Even if you vacuum constantly , you 've still got mites , " Wedner warns . What to do : Remove wall-to-wall carpeting -- who does n't like a beautiful wood floor ? -- and use small rugs that can be washed in hot water monthly . "  And keep the humidity below 50 percent " with your central air system or a dehumidifier , Randolph says . "  Dust mites thrive in humidity . " Read more on how to allergy-proof your house Spices They add nuance and zing to a variety of dishes , but there 's no getting around spices ' origin : pungent plants . For some people , eating the spices made from these plants leads to a just little sniffling . For others , it may cause itching , swelling , and even burning of the lips . What to do : Avoid the spices more likely to cause trouble : coriander , poppy seeds , pepper , dill , paprika , cumin , and saffron -- which , in broad strokes , means Indian and Middle Eastern food . If you 're not sure which spices bother you , record what you 've been exposed to each time you have symptoms and look for the common denominator . Need help planning an allergen-free Halloween ? Read on for some tips Christmas trees A word to the wise before the holidays : Mold grows fast on Christmas trees . "  When you put that tree in a bucket of water , invisible mold grows almost immediately , " Wedner says . "  Most people are allergic to or irritated by mold spores . " What to do : Try a fake tree . Ca n't live without a real one ? Ask when it was cut down before you buy it ; trees that were cut weeks in advance are already ripe with mold . Then , starve it of water and keep it for as short a period as possible . Mold grows on houseplants , too , so keep them on the dry side . Wall paint The solvents and synthetic resins used in paint often lead to itchy eyes and headaches . Oil-based paints are a particular problem because they can continue releasing chemicals even after they dry . What to do : Keep windows open as often as possible and allow fresh air to circulate for four weeks after painting , no matter what kind of paint you use . "  Once it has dried -- and I mean really dried , weeks later -- the odor goes away , and you wo n't have a problem , " Wedner says . If possible , use latex paint , which emits less gas than oil-based kinds due to its water base . By the way , there is n't any real latex in latex paint , so if you 're allergic to latex gloves the same wo n't apply to the paint . What about paint with low levels of VOCs  volatile organic compounds  ? They spew fewer chemicals into the air and are less smelly than regular paints . But that does n't mean they wo n't bother you . To find these paints , look for the "  Green Seal " certification mark on the label . Alcohol An actual allergy to alcohol is quite rare , but being allergic to the grains and additives used in liquor is not : wheat or the preservative sulfur dioxide could cause a rash or a stuffy nose . New York City allergist Wellington Tichenor , MD , founder of the information site Sinuses.com , also blames grains like corn , barley , and rye , as well as fruit flavorings . Wine and beer may create problems , too . What to do : Stick with grain-free liquors like potato vodka , rum  made from sugar  , and tequila  the agave plant  . Skip all flavored liquers . And if sulfite preservatives in wine bother you , red wine tends to have fewer preservatives than white . Also , look for wine labeled "  sulfite-free "  it wo n't stay fresh for long  . And remember that anything with carbonation  like a wine cooler  increases the likelihood of an allergic reaction , Tichenor adds . Blue jeans buttons The buttons on your jeans are probably made with the metal nickel -- a rash trigger for up to 20 percent of women . A nickel rash near your waistline is usually itchy , red , and sometimes blistery . What to do : Take your pants to a tailor and have her replace the nickel buttons with plastic ones  another metal might also cause irritation  . A second option : Coat the button with clear nail polish , a remedy found to be effective in a recent St. Louis University study . Just be aware that nail polish itself may lead to a rash if you 're sensitive to it . Lemons and limes Limonene , a zesty compound in lime and other citrus fruits , gives many people watery eyes and a burning sensation in the nose , Wedner says . It might even irritate your skin , whether you touch it or eat or drink products containing limonene . What to do : If you get a rash , treat it with topical hydrocortisone creams used for bug bites and poison ivy . Skip the lemon or lime wedge with your drink or salad , and look out for lime in salad dressings , desserts , and marinades  it 's used in numerous dishes  . Enter to win a monthly Room Makeover Giveaway from MyHomeIdeas.com Copyright Health Magazine 2009	Household items such as candles , wall paint , carpet may cause allergy symptoms Dust mites live in bedding and stuffed animals , irritating 15 percent of Americans Mold can grow on Christmas trees , household plants causing allergic reaction
CNN Student News  -- February 22 , 2013 Download PDF maps related to today 's show : China Cobb County , Georgia Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .	The daily transcript is a written version of each day 's CNN Student News program Use this transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary Use the weekly Newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on CNN Student News
CNN  -- America 's top intelligence official on Thursday night challenged news reports claiming Facebook posts , Gmail messages and more have been intercepted for years in a vast data-mining operation , saying the reports "  contain numerous inaccuracies . " The Guardian , a British newspaper , and the Washington Post reported Thursday that U.S. intelligence agencies had access to the central servers of nine of the country 's biggest technology firms including Microsoft , Apple , Google , Yahoo and Facebook . The Post reported the program -- called PRISM -- underwent "  exponential growth " since its founding in 2007 . In fact , the newspaper said the program has become the leading source of raw material for the National Security Agency , the secretive U.S. intelligence operation that monitors electronic communications . Yet several tech giants whose servers were reportedly ensnared in the program denied any knowledge of it Thursday . And James Clapper , the director of national intelligence , questioned the Guardian and Post articles in a statement Thursday night . He referred to Section 702 of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act , which he noted was recently reauthorized by Congress -- one of the bodies , along with the executive branch and Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court , with oversight over aspects of intelligence gathering . Section 702 , Clapper added , "  is designed to facilitate the acquisition of foreign intelligence information concerning non-U.S. persons located outside the United States . " "  It can not be used to intentionally target any U.S. citizen , any other U.S. person , or anyone located within the United States , " he said in his statement . While he made no mention of data mining , Clapper did defend the American intelligence effort generally , saying , "  Information collected under this program is among the most important and valuable foreign intelligence information we collect , and is used to protect our nation from a wide variety of threats . " Clapper also called out the person or people behind "  the unauthorized disclosure of information about this important and entirely legal program , " saying such apparent leaks are "  reprehensible and risks important protections for the security of Americans . " The Post reported that its reporters had been provided a detailed briefing presentation document on the PRISM program . The program has been running since 2007 and has undergone "  exponential growth " since then , the Post reported . It is now the leading source of raw material for the National Security Agency , the secretive U.S. intelligence operation that monitors electronic communications . According to a briefing slide published by the Guardian , PRISM began with data from Microsoft in 2007 . The program began collecting data from Yahoo in 2008 and from Google , Facebook and the message system PalTalk in 2009 . YouTube became a source in 2010 , Skype and AOL in 2011 and Apple in late 2012 , the slide claims . The NSA declined to comment , but several companies -- many of them using similar language -- denied Thursday any knowledge of such a program . Microsoft , for instance , said in a statement it only provides user data when legally required and for specific accounts -- adding that "  if the government has a broader voluntary national security program to gather customer data we do n't participate in it . " Jodi Seth , a spokeswoman for Facebook , said the social media giant works to "  carefully scrutinize any ... request for compliance " and does not give government agencies "  direct access " to its servers . Apple spokesman Steve Dowling offered a similar response -- saying Apple hands over information only when a government agency gets a court order . Dowling added that his company has never heard of PRISM . "  We disclose user data to government in accordance with the law , and we review all such requests carefully , " a Google spokesman said in response to the stories . "  From time to time , people allege that we have created a government ` back door ' into our systems , but Google does not have a ` back door ' for the government to access private user data . " Even with these denials and Clapper 's defense , President Barack Obama 's administration has come under growing scrutiny in recent days over his record on balancing citizens ' right to privacy and the government 's efforts to combat terrorism . Patriot Act at center of Verizon phone log controversy That includes news , first reported on Wednesday by the Guardian and commented on by U.S. politicians , that the FBI and National Security Agency have been collecting the phone records of millions of Americans -- specifically Verizon customers and perhaps others -- over a several year period . Days after taking office in 2009 , Obama vowed , "  Transparency and the rule of law will be the touchstones of this presidency . " But on Thursday , the left-leaning Huffington Post conflated Obama with his predecessor George W. Bush while a New York Times editorial said "  the administration has now lost all credibility " when it comes to overreaching in the name of fighting terrorism . "  Mr. Obama is proving the truism that the executive branch will use any power it is given and very likely abuse it , " the Times ' editorial said . What does the Verizon order mean for me ? CNN 's Augie Martin and Stefan Simons contributed to this report .	NEW : Director of national intelligence says the reports have "  numerous inaccuracies " NEW : He stresses that , per the law , U.S. citizens and people in U.S. ca n't be targeted Washington Post , Guardian report U.S. agencies tapped the servers of tech giants Facebook , Apple , others say they do n't allow direct access to their servers
Editor 's Note : Al Vivian is president & CEO of BASIC Diversity , Inc. , a 35-year-old consultancy that specializes in diminishing cross-cultural biases that has worked with clients such as Coca-Cola , Ford , Kroger , McDonald 's , the National Security Agency and CNN . He is also an adviser to the United States Army for diversity and cultural affairs . Al Vivian says Eric Holder was right to urge Americans to confront diversity issues now . FAYETTEVILLE , Georgia  CNN  -- Privilege can be a dangerous thing . It releases you from the task of thinking about things that others must . I am an African-American male and I am privileged . Not on race ; but on gender , education , religion , income and many other areas . As a man , my authority and intellect are not second-guessed . As a Christian , my moral code is not questioned , nor am I subject to post-September 11 profiling . I have privilege in these areas , and I realize that this privilege creates blind spots . An advantage to any group creates a corresponding disadvantage to all others Recently Attorney General Eric Holder made some statements concerning America 's need to confront its racial history , and the need for Americans to engage in cross-racial dialogue . Holder 's comments offended some and motivated others , not uncommon when dealing with the touchy issue of race . On confronting our history he said : "  To get to the heart of this country , one must examine its racial soul . ... in things racial we have always been and continue to be , in too many ways , essentially a nation of cowards . " Concerning cross-racial dialogue he opined : "  If we are to make progress in this area , we must ... have frank conversations about the racial matters that continue to divide us . " In a recent interview , President Obama responded by saying , America has made "  enormous progress , and we should n't lose sight of that ... I think it 's fair to say that if I had been advising my attorney general , we would have used different language . " The president went on to say , "  I think what solves racial tensions is fixing the economy , putting people to work , making sure people have health care , ensuring that every kid is learning out here . " They were both right ; but they were addressing two different things . Obama was talking about fixing the economy to ease racial tensions . Holder was talking about overcoming our fears to dialogue and confronting racial privilege so that we can eliminate inequities that cause the racial tensions . Additionally , Holder was not saying that progress had not been made . He was saying that there is much yet to be done in order to fully engage and leverage the abilities of all of the nation 's human capital . Elaborating on history , we must acknowledge that whites have been the benefactors of centuries of history that included half-truths that socially affirmed them to the detriment of all others . Addressing this privilege will take extreme courage , for there will be many loud dissenting voices . For example , there has never been a discussion in America about whether we should or should not celebrate a White History Month . That would be an irrelevant waste of time , because white history has been the basis of practically all that we have been taught . Being able to sit in a classroom and open history books that positively portray a plethora of people that resemble you has been , and continues to be , the exclusive historical privilege of whites . This privilege psychologically and economically benefits every member at every level of the advantaged category so profoundly that its members never have to question their place in society . And that place is on top : the expected and accepted norm . If you are white , consider how different life might be for you now if you had grown up from meager beginnings , while simultaneously being denigrated by a society that had denied equal access to you , your parents and every member of your race during every prior generation . This is the history of black America that Holder is saying we must understand to truly know the heart of America . History is history , and these are the facts . When we choose to exclude vital portions of history , we are no longer teaching history ; we 're teaching ideology . And if you 're a person of color , you 're excluded . The classroom experience for those who are not white tends to fit the following quote by poet Adrienne Rich : "  When someone with the authority of a teacher , say , describes the world -- and you are not in it -- there is a moment of psychic disequilibrium , as if you looked into a mirror and saw nothing . " It 's impossible to grasp the true significance of any groups ' contributions when they are taken out of context , and told as a separate story during some isolated month . It 's like reading a great novel and leaving out chapters . What 's missing is what the late Paul Harvey would have called "  the rest of the story . " George Washington Carver , a black man , had many breakthrough inventions utilizing the peanut . His contributions could sound insignificant until put into context . The south , as a region , made its money through agriculture , primarily cotton . Poor crop management practices eventually damaged the soil throughout the south until it was almost impossible to successfully grow cotton anywhere in the region . The south needed a new cash crop -- then came the peanut . George Washington Carver revitalized the agricultural south ; thus the financial south . He saved the south . But because we tell his story out of context , no one understands the significance of his contributions . Thomas Edison invented the light bulb , which was a tremendous invention . However its paper filament was only operable for short periods of time , until a black man named Lewis Latimer contributed his invention , the carbon filament , to the project , making possible the widespread use of electric light . Had there been no Latimer , there would not have been a successful Edison . But most history books have no mention of Latimer . Textbooks currently teach that our great nation became a democracy in 1776 . Great nation , strong republic , yes ! Democracy , no . The very foundation upon which democracy was built demanded that the political leadership be selected for the people , by a vote of the people . To deny this right to millions of our citizenry for no legitimate reason was to abort democracy before it was born . The uncomfortable and blunt truth is , the United States did not legitimately become a democracy until the Voting Rights Act of 1965 made it law that no citizen could be denied the right to vote based on their race . Until we as Americans change course , grow a spine , teach true history that is inclusive of all races and replace these fallacies and half-truths with reputably documented facts , our citizenry will continue to be relegated to racially segmented ideology instead of history . We are a great democracy , and thus ready for honest dialogue . The time is now , and this discussion must go beyond black and white . It must be inclusive of Arabs , Asians , Latinos and others . It must also go both ways . People of color can not only talk . We must also listen . All parties must be willing to be critiqued as well as offer criticism . As Holder said , this will be uncomfortable , but "  this way we can hasten the day when we would truly become one America . " It 's unusual when someone who is out of the norm makes his or her way into the seat of privilege , because those with whom you now share this privilege do not expect you to speak for those who do not . Welcome to your seat Mr. Holder , it fits you well . And thank you for not taking the coward 's route . By the way , mission accomplished . We 're talking . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Al Vivian .	Al Vivian : Privilege creates blind spots that conceal the harm they do He says whites have had a longstanding racial privilege in the U.S. Vivian : History has largely been written from perspective of white Americans Holder was right to make his "  nation of cowards " speech and urge dialogue
Omagh , Northern Ireland  CNN  -- A Catholic police officer was killed in a blast on Saturday in Northern Ireland , said police and politicians at the scene . Police said an explosive device detonated under a car in the Highfield Close area of Omagh , Northern Ireland , in the afternoon . The victim -- Ronan Kerr -- was 25 years old and had recently joined the Police Service of Northern Ireland . "  Tonight , tragedy has returned to Omagh , " PSNI Chief Constable Matt Baggott told reporters . "  I have no words to describe the awfulness of this afternoon , and my abhorrence and anger at this wasted life . And I know that anger and abhorrence is shared by all decent people in Northern Ireland and across Ireland and across the world . " Thirteen years ago , a bombing in Omagh killed 29 people and wounded more than 300 . "  This heinous crime will not succeed in its evil intent of destroying the peaceful and democratic future to which the people of Northern Ireland are so clearly committed , " said Irish President Mary McAleese . "  My thoughts and prayers are with his family , friends and colleagues at this time . " The head of the Catholic church in Ireland , Cardinal Sean Brady , similarly condemned the killing . "  The deliberate taking of innocent human life is always wrong , " he said . "  I implore the perpetrators of this shameful killing to realise the futility of their actions , and to call off this senseless campaign . " Northern Ireland was the scene of frequent violence between pro-Irish and pro-British forces over a period of three decades . About 3,000 people were killed before a power-sharing deal known as the Good Friday Agreement was reached in 1998 . Some dissident groups remain active .	The Irish president and the head of the Catholic church in Ireland offer their condolences The incident occurred in Omagh , site of a deadly bombing in 1998 The victim was a Catholic police officer The officer recently joined the Northern Ireland police service
CNN  -- He came from Brazil to leading Spanish club Barcelona in a mega-bucks transfer touted as the new Lionel Messi . A series of niggling injuries this season put paid to any hope of Neymar living up to those high expectations , while the tax issues surrounding his complicated transfer from Santos cast a shadow over his new career in Europe . But the Brazilian , who has managed just nine league goals for Barcelona since touching down in Catalonia , is quick to rule out any correlation -- as some have done -- between those off-field issues and his form in a "  Blaugrana " shirt this season . Which will be a relief to Brazil given how important Neymar is to their team and its hopes of winning the World Cup on home soil . "  No , I do n't think -LSB- it has affected my performances -RSB- . I 'm used to leaving all those problems aside , I 'm very relaxed when it comes to that , " said Neymar , who was talking to CNN at a Castrol Footkhana event . "  It 's unpleasant when everyone is talking about things that are not true , but on the pitch it does n't get in the way . " True or not Neymar 's club is being investigated over tax fraud regarding the transfer -- which Barcelona was forced to confirm actually totaled 86.2 million euros rather than the 57.1 million euros first announced -- while Sandro Rosell had to step down from his role as president as controversy over the deal intensified . Neymar 's former club Santos , meanwhile , is unhappy with how the transfer fee was divided up -- with a large chunk having been paid to a company controlled by the player 's father , Neymar Snr -- and has been seeking a bigger cut than the 17.1 million euros it originally received . Earlier this year Santos president Odilio Rodrigues reportedly criticized Neymar 's father calling the deal he did with Barcelona "  unacceptable . " "  I was very sad by the way that Santos handled this problem , " Neymar , who has previously defended his father 's role in the deal , said . "  We had n't done anything wrong . "  The way that Santos handled this left me very sad , but what are you going to do ? I ca n't answer for them , but I can speak for myself and my dad and say that we were truly saddened by how they wanted to resolve this . " Santos was the club that molded Neymar into the player he is today . Making his debut in 2009 at the age of just 17 -- after coming through the youth ranks -- he helped lead the side to South American Copa Libertadores glory in 2011 . "  What I lived at Santos will stay with me for the rest of my life , they were wonderful years where I made history . I think that wo n't be erased , " he said . "  I 'm sad with the board , I 'm sad with who was in presidency -- with those I am upset . With the club , the fans , the players ? No . "  I have a lot of love for Santos , because it was a club where I was for 10 years , so my love will always be great . " Like Neymar , Barcelona have had an up and down season , losing the Spanish Copa del Rey final to rivals Real Madrid and crashing out of the European Champions League at the quarterfinal stage , while a Spanish La Liga title looks unlikely . Neymar , though , insists he is enjoying life at the Camp Nou , which brings with it the privilege of playing alongside one of the finest players in the world -- Messi . "  Everything is going really well , I 'm very happy in this city , " he said . " -LSB- Messi and I -RSB- have n't played all the games together but I think that the affinity that we have , that we 've been creating , is very good . The relationship that we have , it 's been wonderful . "  Some people were saying we would n't get along , and that 's been shown as being the opposite . He 's a very relaxed guy , he 's someone that I admire a lot . " Despite the difficulties he has faced at Barcelona , Neymar still has the chance to achieve what could ultimately be his career 's crowning glory . In six weeks ' time , the 22-year-old and his Brazil teammates will step out onto the Arena de Sao Paulo field to open the 2014 World Cup against Croatia . The world 's most successful footballing nation will be attempting to land the sport 's biggest prize in its own backyard for the first time , roared on by an expectant set of supporters . "  It 's a dream that is about to happen and I hope that dream that I 've always had , also happens with winning the title , " said Neymar , who led Brazil to Confederations Cup glory in 2013 having been named player of the tournament in the process . "  It 's a dream to put on the Brazil shirt , even more so at a World Cup in my own country . For me it 's a great satisfaction . " Winning the World Cup in front of its own supporters would help banish the memories of the nation 's darkest sporting hour -- letting slip a lead to allow Uruguay to become world champions in 1950 , the last time the tournament was held in Brazil . Neymar , the national team 's poster boy , is well aware of the pressure being piled on the shoulders of him and his teammates , especially given that they won the Confederations Cup in front of their own supporters last year . But the Barcelona man , who has represented his country on 48 occasions , says he and the rest of the Brazil squad are relishing this once-in-a-lifetime opportunity . "  I think that the responsibility that I have at the national team , like my teammates also have -- each of us has their responsibility . We are a group . One needs the help of the other and we are getting ready so that we can win the World Cup , " he said . "  So close to the World Cup , every time you see a Brazilian flag or you see some action of the national team , you hear people talking about the World Cup . I can imagine myself lifting the trophy . "	Neymar says his performances have not been affected by transfer saga The 22-year-old is saddened by how former club Santos has behaved The Brazil international is targeting a World Cup win on home soil
CNN  -- This year 's Nobel Peace Prize is divided between three women , Ellen Johnson Sirleaf and Leymah Gbowee of Liberia and Tawakkul Karman of Yemen , the Nobel committee announced Friday . Since it was introduced at the beginning of the 20th century , the Peace Prize has become the preeminent award honoring individuals and organizations that work for peace , justice and financial and political stability , according to the Nobel Committee . Here are some facts , figures and history behind the award : The process ** Nominations come from lawmakers around the world , university professors , previous Nobel laureates and members of the Nobel committee . ** That committee -- made up of five distinguished Norwegians chosen by the country 's parliament -- picks the winner . ** This year , a record 241 candidates were nominated . The winner is announced Friday , but the names of the other nominees wo n't be revealed for another 50 years . The award ** The award consists of a medal , a personal diploma and a cash prize  10 million Swedish kronor , or about U.S. $ 1.4 million  . ** The Peace medal has the inscription "  Pro pace et fraternitate gentium , " which means "  For the peace and brotherhood of men . " ** A person must be alive to be nominated . If they die during the consideration period , their name will be removed . Only if a person is announced as a winner and dies before the ceremony will a posthumous award be given . The history ** The Nobel Peace Prize was created by Alfred Nobel , a Swedish scientist , industrialist and inventor of dynamite . ** Ninety-one Nobel Peace Prizes have been awarded since 1901 . It was not awarded 19 times , most notably during World War I and World War II . ** Sixty-two Nobel Peace Prizes have been awarded to a single laureate ; 28 prizes have been shared by two laureates . One time , the prize was shared between three people : Yasser Arafat , Shimon Peres and Yitzhak Rabin . Recent winners ** Chinese dissident Liu Xiaobo won last year but could not attend . The political activist and longtime critic of communist rule in China is serving an 11-year prison term for what the Chinese government calls "  inciting subversion of state power . " ** In 2009 , U.S. President Barack Obama won for what the committee called "  his extraordinary efforts to strengthen international diplomacy and cooperation between peoples . " ** Martti Ahtisaari of Finland was the 2008 winner . It was his "  important efforts , on several continents and over more than three decades to resolve international conflicts " that got him the prize , according to the committee . ** The year before , Al Gore and the U.N. 's International Panel on Climate Change shared the prize for their "  efforts to build up and disseminate greater knowledge about man-made climate change and to lay the foundations for the measures that are needed to counteract such change , " according to the committee .	Three women share 2011 Nobel Peace Prize A record 241 candidates were nominated for this year 's Nobel Peace Prize The award is named for Alfred Nobel , a Swedish scientist and inventor of dynamite Last year 's winner was Chinese dissident Liu Xiaobo
CNN  -- "  Obvious Child " has all the story arcs for romantic-comedy gold , including a newly brokenhearted protagonist trying to find her way in life and love , an unlikely meet-cute of opposite personalities and an advisory panel of cheeky best friends . But one of the film 's major through lines is a topic not often broached in theaters : abortion . The film , which premiered at the 2014 Sundance Film Festival and will open nationwide on Friday , has been called "  the most winning abortion-themed rom-com ever " by The Dissolve , and in a piece called "  No more Shmashmortion " on Slate.com , writer Amanda Hess deemed it "  the most honest abortion movie I 've ever seen . " Though the movie successfully mines the traditional rom-com tropes for laughs , groans and "  awwwws , " abortion is emerging as its unlikely claim to fame . "  We do n't feel like that description does it justice , " producer Elisabeth Holm told CNN . "  It 's as much about a stand-up comedian and her life in New York .  An abortion  happens , but it does n't have to define her . " When Holm spoke with CNN , she acknowledged the filmmakers were "  trying to humanize the experience , " even including a scene during the main character 's abortion procedure . But they "  never set out to make an agenda-driven film , " Holm said . Gillian Robespierre wrote and directed "  Obvious Child " ; actress Jenny Slate stars as Donna Stern , the bathroom-humor-prone comedian who chooses to undergo an in-clinic procedure after a booze-fueled , one-night stand with Vermont-bred prepster Max , played by Jake Lacy . Abortion has long been a hot topic in pop culture , from "  Maude " in 1972 to HBO 's "  Girls " in recent years . The release of "  Obvious Child " comes shortly after a woman faced criticism for filming and releasing footage of her own abortion in order to show that it was n't the traumatic experience for her that many assume it to be . In 2010 , the CDC reported 765,651 legal induced abortions , with women in their 20s -- like Slate 's character -- contributing to the majority of that number . The debate in movies , TV and viral clips is a reflection of real life : According to a recent CNN/ORC International survey of Americans , 27 % of respondents said abortion should be legal in all circumstances , 13 % said it should be legal in most circumstances , 38 % said it should be legal in a few circumstances , and 20 % said it should always be illegal . Holm says as a born-and-raised New Yorker , both she and director Robespierre came from a world where conversations about abortion happened "  in a shame-free , regret-free , clear way " with mothers , friends and sisters -- and that was the experience that they wanted to show on-screen . In "  Obvious Child , " several characters along the way reveal they had abortions  some legal , some not  in their teens and 20s . As with any romantic comedy , the two leads , Max and Donna , maintain a "  will they/won ' t they " vibe throughout most of the film -- and that 's intentional , Holm says . But Donna 's decision to terminate her pregnancy is n't wishy-washy , or even driving the plot . It 's the result of a drunken one-night stand that ends without exchanging phone numbers . She 's lost her job , and is trying to get a comedy career on track -- from Donna 's perspective , the choice is clear . "  It 's very decisive , " Holm says . In a scene filmed in an actual Planned Parenthood , Donna says , "  I 'd like an abortion , please , " then apologizes about sounding like a fast-food customer before repeating her request . Holm says it was crucial to illustrate the actual abortion process : A camera focuses on Donna 's face as the sedative kicks in and vacuuming sounds hum in the background . "  I think we 've seen a lot of movies where they fade off into the sunset before that action happens , " she says . "  It was critical to show this moment where it 's safe and healthy and also vulnerable . " "  This is an experience that many women go through without shame and regret , but not without emotion . Hopefully it 's something that people can connect to and have a conversation about . Whatever side you 're on . " Framing the ever-contentious issue in a romantic comedy has captivated audiences . "  It should n't be a particularly earth-shaking turn , but in a world of rom-coms like ` Knocked Up ' and ` Juno , ' in which the heroines make the heartwarming decision to go ahead with their pregnancies , this modest little indie movie feels momentous , " NPR film critic David Edelstein said of the film . Meanwhile , a piece at the Daily Caller asked , "  Has Hollywood hit a new low ? " Its gist : "  The film seems to be another Hollywood attempt to reinforce their idea of female empowerment . In this case , it includes one night stands and abortions . " Robespierre told nonprofit news organization Mother Jones : "  Whatever other conversation occurs , we 're really excited . ...  Conservatives bashing "  Obvious Child "  have n't seen the movie ; they 're basing it on articles and trailers . " Still , just as with any summer romantic comedy , the filmmakers hope the takeaway for viewers is sweet , sincere and relatable . "  Hopefully , the movie is one that makes people feel confident in who they are and the choices that they make , " Holm says . "  And sometimes with confidence comes vulnerability -- and that 's a very human experience . " Do you think abortion is a fitting topic to include in a romantic comedy ? Share your thoughts in the comments , on Twitter @CNNLiving or on CNN Living 's Facebook page . Read more about comedy movies and more at CNN Comedy .	"  Obvious Child " was dubbed an "  abortion rom-com " after its Sundance Film Festival premiere Jenny Slate plays Donna Stern , a stand-up comedian who gets pregnant after a one-night stand Producer says the film is more about Stern figuring out her 20-something life than an agenda
Tucson , Arizona  CNN  -- Arizona Gov. Jan Brewer signed emergency legislation Tuesday that bars protests within 300 feet of a funeral and within an hour from its beginning or end . Earlier in the day , the state legislature passed the measure , which targets a Kansas church whose members announced they plan to picket the funerals of the victims of Saturday 's shootings in Tucson . "  Such despicable acts of emotional terrorism will not be tolerated in the State of Arizona , " Brewer said in a statement announcing she had signed the bill . "  This legislation will assure that the victims of Saturday 's tragic shooting in Tucson will be laid to rest in peace with the full dignity and respect that they deserve . " The legislation makes protesting too near a funeral a misdemeanor in the state . It went into effect immediately upon Brewer 's signing it . The action is in direct response to the Westboro Baptist Church 's announcement that it will picket the funeral of Christina Green , the 9-year-old who was among six people killed during Saturday 's attempted assassination of U.S. Rep. Gabrielle Giffords , D-Arizona . The controversial church , based in Topeka , has made its name by staging protests at funerals of people who died of AIDS , gay people , soldiers and even Coretta Scott King . The church was founded by Fred Phelps , 80 , and most of its members are members of his extended family . "  Today we have joined together to provide some small measure of comfort for families grieving over the lost of a loved one , " said Democratic state Sen. Kyrsten Sinema . "  During times of grief , families should be free from harassment or intimidation . This law does the right thing by protecting those families . " "  Protesting or picketing outside the funeral of an innocent victim is despicable , " said Republican state House Speaker Kirk Adams . "  It 's time to bring Arizona in line with the many other states that protect the sensitivities of victims against groups that use fear and hate to denigrate the lives of Americans . " Within hours of the church 's announcements , Facebook groups sprang up to plan actions surrounding the funerals that would keep the church members separate from the mourners . Tucson just is n't that kind of town , says Christin Gilmer , 26 , referring to the actions of the church . "  For something like this to happen in Tucson was a really big shock to us all , " she said . "  Our nightmare happened when we saw Westboro Baptist Church was going to picket the funerals . " Gilmer and others are planning an "  angel action " -- with 8-by-10-foot "  angel wings " worn by participants to shield mourners from picketers . Angel actions were created by Coloradan Romaine Patterson , who was shocked to find the Topeka church and its multicolored signs outside the 1999 funeral of Matthew Shepard , a young gay man beaten and left on a fence to die in Laramie , Wyoming . The angel action is part of a larger effort , organized by Chelsea Cohen , a 20-year-old University of Arizona senior , aimed at showing what she said are Tucson 's true colors . "  Once I heard that the Westboro Baptist Church was coming , I felt like something should be done to show support for the families , " she said . "  I do n't have any experience in organizing these things . I thought I might get 50 to 100 people . " "  This is n't a counter-protest , " she said . "  We wanted it to show support for the families and to show that Tucson is there with love and support . " The groups do n't want to interfere with the funeral in any way , Cohen said . "  We plan on being completely silent , and we 're asking people not to bring signs or make comments about the Westboro Baptist Church , " she said . Jeff Rogers , chairman of the Pima County Democratic Party , said Tuesday that his organization as well as the local Republican Party also will ask people to line the funeral routes to form a barricade if the church follows through on its planned protest . Westboro Baptist Church spokeswoman Shirley Phelps-Roper , daughter of Fred Phelps , provided CNN with a statement detailing their decision to picket the funerals . It is filled with anti-gay , anti-abortion and anti-divorce rhetoric that members have used in the past to justify their pickets -- that God hates America because it has turned its back on what they see as God 's way . "  We picket the funerals to make these vital points to the living ! " Phelps-Roper said . "  If you heed , it is life and health and peace and safety . "  God sent the shooter ! " the statement continued . "  Praise God for ALL his works , and BE YE THANKFUL ! . " CNN 's Alyse Shorland and Kevin Bohn contributed to this report .	NEW : Gov. Jan Brewer signed the bill Tuesday night Westboro Baptist Church says the shootings are God 's punishment for disobedience Legislation bars protesters within 300 feet of services Groups plan to also shield families from potential picketers
CNN  -- Our experience in Iraq provides three essential lessons that should guide America 's response to the Syrian regime 's alleged use of chemical weapons against its own people . First , the president must present the American people and the international community with clear evidence that the al-Assad regime was responsible for the use of chemical weapons . The Bush administration took America to war in Iraq based on the false claim that Saddam Hussein had weapons of mass destruction , including stockpiles of chemical weapons . Those false claims not only led us into a costly and unnecessary war , but did lasting damage to America 's credibility . That erosion of credibility is haunting us now , as many in the international community question our claim that the al-Assad regime used chemical weapons . That makes it imperative that the Obama administration present clear and convincing evidence that the al-Assad regime was responsible for the chemical weapons use . Second , if the Obama administration presents such evidence , it is essential that the United States and the international community take strong action to punish the regime and deter the future use of chemical weapons in Syria or elsewhere in the world . Again , the Iraq example is instructive . Many would like to forget the fact that the United States and the international community willfully ignored Saddam Hussein 's use of chemical weapons against Iran during the Iran-Iraq war and against Iraq 's Kurdish population in 1988 in the aftermath of that war . I remember those days well . Together with Peter Galbraith , my former colleague on the staff of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee , I traveled to the Iraq-Turkey border in September 1988 to investigate Saddam Hussein 's chemical weapons offensive against the Kurds . We returned to Washington to urge the United States government to impose economic sanctions against Iraq for its use of chemical weapons . While the United States Senate did pass such legislation , it was opposed by the Reagan administration and never made it out of the House of Representatives . Recently released CIA documents demonstrate that the Reagan administration deliberately ignored Iraq 's use of chemical weapons because it favored Iraq in its war against Iran . But the failure of that sanctions legislation represented a failure of the United States to help enforce the international convention against the use of chemical weapons . A strong case can be made that the refusal of the United States and the international community to confront Saddam Hussein for his flagrant violations of the international ban on chemical weapons emboldened him to take additional reckless actions . In 1990 , he miscalculated the international response to his invasion of Kuwait . Years later , even after he had destroyed his chemical weapons stockpile , he underestimated the depth of international concern that he was still hiding them . That is perhaps not surprising , considering that the international community did nothing when Saddam Hussein actually used chemical weapons in the 1980s . The United States and the international community must not again stand idly by if the al-Assad regime , or another party , has used chemical weapons . It must take action to uphold international norms and send a clear signal that breaches of the international ban on chemical weapons use will not be tolerated . Failure to act upon strong evidence will only encourage Bashar al-Assad and other international actors to use chemical weapons in the future . The third lesson from Iraq is equally important as the first two . Our mission must be clearly defined and achievable at an acceptable cost . In 1990 , President George H.W. Bush established a well defined goal -- using force to oust Saddam Hussein 's forces from Kuwait . He deliberately chose not to send American troops to Baghdad to topple Saddam Hussein , because he rightfully determined that the United States would not be able to contain the violent fallout without a huge commitment of American lives and treasure . President George W. Bush later made the mistake that his father avoided . The Iraq war clearly established that even massive U.S. troop intervention on the ground for over eight years can not change many of the basic cultural and sectarian forces at play in the region . Today , despite the huge sacrifice in American and Iraqi lives , Iraq is rocked by almost daily eruptions of sectarian violence . The American-backed , Shiite-dominated government of Iraq now allows Iranian planes to use its airspace to supply weapons to al-Assad and the minority Shiite Alawite sect that controls Syria . Meanwhile , al Qaeda and Sunni extremists in Iraq are fighting to defeat the government in Baghdad as al Qaeda and Sunni extremist forces in Syria are fighting in tandem with American-supported rebels to defeat the al-Assad regime . The toxic mix of forces suggests that even a large U.S. troop presence in Syria would be unlikely to change these deep-running currents . These lessons are important as President Obama defines the purpose of American military action in Syria in response to the use of chemical weapons . The president should make clear that the goal of our military action is to punish Syria for its blatantly illegal use of chemical weapons and to deter the future use of such weapons by the Syrian regime or others that might contemplate their use in future conflicts . Our action should be coupled with a clear statement that any future use of chemical weapons will be met with increasing force . This goal can be reasonably accomplished by using cruise missile strikes that inflict significant pain and damage on al-Assad 's forces without putting American lives in the line of fire . Some have argued that it is pointless for the United States to engage in punitive military strikes against Syria unless our actions are designed to decisively tip the military balance toward the rebels . That claim downplays the more limited , but nevertheless important , objective of deterring the future use of chemical weapons . Moreover , defining the success of our response as decisively changing the military balance is unrealistic , unachievable without putting American lives at risk , and will ultimately drag the United States toward full-scale intervention in a Syrian civil war . Gen. Martin Dempsey , chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , has stated that measures like the establishment of a no-fly zone would put American pilots at risk and may not change the situation on the ground . Measuring success of these actions in terms of changing the tide of the war will lead inexorably to further assertions that American credibility is at stake and suck America into a costly civil war that could , with the current configuration of forces , result in the extremist al Qaeda elements among the rebels gaining the upper hand . That is why it is so important to define this particular mission in a way that can be achieved at an acceptable cost . Let 's heed three important lessons from Iraq : Protect our credibility by presenting clear evidence of the use of chemical weapons by the al-Assad regime ; take strong action to punish the illegal use of chemical weapons and deter their future use ; and define the mission in achievable terms at a cost we are willing to pay . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Chris Van Hollen .	Rep. Chris van Hollen : Three lessons from Iraq can guide intervention in Syria He says President Obama must present clear evidence of Assad regime culpability He says U.S. must take strong action to punish Assad regime , deter use of chemical weapons Van Hollen : Mission must be clearly defined and achievable at an acceptable cost
CNN  -- "  The Little Sisters do incredible work in the world and this case ... has brought their work to light . " That 's NARAL Pro-Choice America President Ilyse Hogue on Fox News , discussing  and disputing  the lawsuit brought on behalf of The Little Sisters of the Poor , a religiously affiliated , nonprofit charitable organization challenging the exemption procedures under Obamacare 's contraception mandate . And Hogue is right : The sisters , admirably , run nursing homes across the country . But the lawsuit brought in their name at the very least is , as The New York Times editorial board wrote , "  an unjustified attempt by an employer to impose its religious views on workers " and at worst a wrongheaded co-optation of the notion of religious liberty . Either way , it certainly fits with the ongoing conservative partisan agenda to unravel the Affordable Care Act The Little Sisters of the Poor order , based in Colorado , is already exempt from Obamacare 's requirement that employer-provided health insurance plans cover the cost of contraception without a co-pay as part of ensuring comprehensive preventative health care for women . To claim that exemption , the Little Sisters simply have to sign a short form stating their religious exemption to contraception . That 's it . This is not about the nuns having to cover contraception . This is about a piece of paper . In essence , the plaintiffs in the case are arguing , as Amanda Marcotte of Slate has pointed out , that filling out a form is a violation of their religious freedom . Sound a bit far-fetched ? Indeed , that 's what a federal judge and two appellate courts have already ruled . And yet the case , and the ongoing conservative opposition to the contraception mandate , continues on . Late last month , Supreme Court Justice Sonia Sotomayor surprisingly gave the nuns a temporary reprieve , blocking the requirement until the merits of the case can be considered Certainly conservatives are n't pursuing attacking the contraception mandate to win a popularity contest . Data show that 98 % of sexually experienced Catholic women of child-bearing age have used a method of contraception other than natural family planning at some point in their lives and that 82 % of Catholics -- and 89 % of Americans overall -- say that contraception use is morally acceptable . Even so , conservatives grasping for any threads to try and unravel health care reform turned their ire on this portion of the Affordable Care Act But the administration has already amended the law to address the objections of religious conservatives -- mainly , it should be noted , Catholics , as it was the U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops that helped lead the push against the contraception mandate . The Obama administration exempted all religious organizations , including churches , from the mandate . And the administration created the exemption for religiously affiliated nonprofit organizations that object to birth control . In signing a simple self-certifying waver , these nonprofits alert their insurance companies or third-party administrator to their objection , and that company then provides contraceptive coverage at no charge to women who work at the nonprofit . The Little Sister 's counsel argue that signing the exemption form is still tacitly facilitating the provision of contraception through the nonprofit 's insurer . Except it 's not . As Michael Hiltzik points out in the Los Angeles Times , "  The sisters ' insurer -LSB- Christian Brothers Employee Benefits Trust -RSB- is also exempt from the mandate , because the health plan is n't governed by ERISA , the federal law under which the mandate is imposed . In other words , signing the form does n't lead to contraceptive services either . " So one ca n't help but wonder what 's really motivating the lawsuit . The Little Sisters are being represented by a religiously affiliated legal group pushing a broader conservative agenda to dismantle Obamacare . While the Becket Fund for Religious Liberty has pursued a handful of bipartisan cases , the majority of its lawsuits hew to the agenda of the religious right . It 's an agenda to which the Becket Fund is tied ideologically and financially , the monitoring organization Political Research Associates has noted . In addition to Catholic Church-affiliated backers , the Becket Fund enjoys major support from ideologically driven conservative foundations , such as the Bradley Foundation , whose other grantees include the Heritage Foundation and the Hudson Institute , partisan institutions leading the conservative fight against Obamacare . Note the Becket Fund is also the source of the attorneys behind the Hobby Lobby case in which a private corporation that willingly opts to receive special , favorable government treatment under that status is nonetheless alleging it should also qualify as a religious entity for purposes of exemption from the health care law 's contraception mandate . Here 's the thing : No one is saying that the Little Sisters of the Poor should have to pay for contraception for their employees . There 's an exemption under Obamacare . For which the nuns qualify . If only they would sign the form . In other words , the law already works for groups like the Little Sisters . They do n't want to fund contraception coverage and , under Obamacare , they do n't have to . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Sally Kohn	Sally Kohn : Suit on behalf of Little Sisters of the Poor challenges contraception mandate She says nuns ' suit dovetails with unrelenting conservative opposition to Obamacare She says Obamacare exempts nuns from contraceptive coverage mandate ; why sue ? Kohn : Conservative lawyers for nuns have right-wing backers , using nuns to push agenda
CNN  -- Leszek Balcerowicz , Poland 's former finance minister , recently said his country is enjoying "  its best period in 300 years . " CNN looks at how the country emerged from communism to become one of eastern Europe 's most stable and thriving democracies . Solidarity leader Lech Walesa addresses striking workers in Gdansk , Poland in 1989 . Modern Poland gained independence in 1918 only to be overrun by Germany and the Soviet Union during the Second World War . Almost six million Poles , including the majority of the country 's large Jewish population , died during the devastating six-year conflict . The shadow of Stalin continued to loom large over Poland after the war , when the communist-dominated government ensured that Poland would become a Soviet satellite state for the next 40 years . The following decades were punctuated by revolts against the repressive authoritarian regime in Warsaw , but none had a greater impact on Poland 's political future than events in 1980 at a shipyard in western Poland . With a struggling economy and rumors of corruption and mismanagement within the state causing widespread discontent , a series of strikes by workers paralyzed the country . Eventually the government was forced to negotiate and on August 31 , 1980 , workers at the massive Lenin shipyard in Gdansk , led by an electrician named Lech Walesa , signed a deal giving workers the right to strike and form trade unions . This heralded the creation of the Solidarity movement , which would ultimately be instrumental in bringing Poland 's communist era to an end . The presence in the Vatican at the time of Polish-born Pope John-Paul II was also a significant influence on the movement throughout the 1980s , as the Catholic church had remained a very potent force in Polish life . The Pope even made a visit to the country in 1979 . Despite Soviet-endorsed attempts to slow the erosion of the regime 's grip on power -- including the declaration of martial law by General Wojciech Jaruzelski in 1981 which outlawed Solidarity -- Poland 's worsening economic situation , compounded by further nationwide strikes , meant that the government had no alternative but to negotiate a date for free elections with Walesa and the Solidarity movement . Solidarity members won a stunning victory in the election of 1989 , taking almost all the seats in the Senate and all of the 169 seats they were allowed to contest in the Sejm or parliament . This gave them substantial influence in the new government . Activist and journalist Tadeusz Mazowiecki was appointed prime minister , while Lech Walesa was elected as president the following year . Were you in Poland in 1989 ? Send us your memories After years of economic mismanagement under the communists , Poland embarked on a painful reform program under finance minister Leszek Balcerowicz -- especially in traditional heavy industries such as coal and steel -- which moved away from the inefficient state-controlled system of economic planning . Despite growing unemployment and a dilapidated infrastructure , Poland was slowly transformed into an investment-friendly , market economy . Banking and lending policies were reformed , while newly reshaped ownership relations , independent enterprises and strengthened domestic competition all had a massive impact . Over a relatively short period of time , Poland had become one of the most dynamically developing economies in Europe and by the mid-1990s , it became known as the "  Tiger of Europe . " Poland also liberalized its international trade during this period . The national currency -- the zloty -- became convertible to other currencies and internal convertibility was also established , providing another platform for dynamic economic growth . New markets in countries that had been treated not so long before as ideological as well as economic enemies were opened up to Polish companies . The EU and U.S. were now the key markets for Polish goods . This realignment of policy was emphasized by its accession into the European Union in 2004 . It had also joined NATO in 1999 . Unfortunately the continuing problem of high unemployment and the promise of better salaries encouraged many Poles to work in other EU countries after 2004 . However this trend started to reverse in 2008 as the Polish economy enjoyed a boom period . Politically , Poland has also successfully transformed itself into a fully democratic country . Since 1991 the Polish people have voted in parliamentary elections and four presidential elections -- all free and fair . Incumbent governments have transferred power smoothly and constitutionally in every instance to their successors .	Poland was ruled by Soviet-backed regime after the Second World War Solidarity movement became a key factor in the fall of communist regime Centrally-planned economic system replaced by free market economy Poland joined the European Union in 2004
CNN  -- While America slept -- or at least while the left ate their organic ostrich burgers , drank their jackfruit-guava-flavored vitamin water and tweeted "  cleverly " about Marco Rubio 's "  Watergate " -- Canada was preparing to counter a growing threat to the nation . Patriotic members of the Canadian Parliament stood up to political correctness last week by declaring that Canada will not tolerate an influx of zombies . Foreign Affairs Minister John Baird even went as far as to boldly state that "  Canada will never become a safe haven for zombies , ever . " Of course , the lamestream media did n't cover this story . They prefer you worry about things like meteors and cruise ships instead of a growing zombie threat . But it 's time for Americans to wake up ! Canada 's zombie preparedness means one thing for us : Zombies will be driven out of Canada and into the United States . And once they are here , good luck getting them out of the country . ` The Walking Dead ' : Five explosive moments Sure , some will argue that we can make conditions so tough for zombies that they will self-deport . But I 'm not buying it . Why ? A few reasons . One , zombies have no sense of direction . Sure , you can point zombies in the direction of Canada and hope they keep walking as a pack over the border , but they 're easily distracted . Second , Americans are fatter than Canadians , which means we are more appealing for zombies to eat than our slimmer northern neighbors . Third , and most important , America is the greatest country in the world , so why would a zombie want to live anywhere else ?! I know some will dismiss me as an alarmist , but I wonder how you will feel when one these zombies steals your job . Sure , zombie expert Max Brooks , author of the books "  The Zombie Survival Guide " and "  World War Z , " informed me that zombies ca n't be trained to take our jobs . But I have two things to say about Brooks . One , he 's part of the liberal Hollywood elite who tries to sell us on the notion that zombies are n't a threat to our nation 's exceptionalism . Check out the recent Hollywood film "  Warm Bodies , " which is a romantic comedy about a girl falling in love with a zombie . Sorry , Max and Hollywood : Zombies do n't need a hug ; they need a swift kick out of our country . What it takes to make a ` Walking Dead ' zombie Second , just because zombies are n't skilled enough to take our jobs today , what about in the future ? The zombie virus could mutate , and before you know it , some undead person is doing your job for half the pay . I , for one , do n't want to tell a red-blooded American human kid that his dream of being of a dog-walker is over because some zombie learned how to hold a leash . Plus , keep in mind that if even only a few zombies make it over the border , these "  anchor zombies " will create more and more zombies . This is a threat to our very existence . I 'm not just talking the danger of them eating our brains , which could happen . I 'm talking about the greater risk they pose to our federal deficit because they will want handouts from our government . It 's just a matter of time until Gov. Andrew Cuomo of New York or House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi says zombies should receive government benefits . How long after that do you think it will be until these people argue that zombies should be covered under Obamacare ?! Keep in mind that zombies far outlive humans , so they will be a great drain on Medicare . Why zombies , robots , clowns freak us out And we all know where this is all ultimately leading . Two words : zombie amnesty . The living dead will then have an easier path to citizenship than the living . Brooks and I did agree that we need the federal government to respond to the dangers posed by an influx of zombies .  While I 'm usually against new government programs , I do support any that will benefit me directly . But Brooks , in typical liberal fashion , advocates a coordinated global response to the zombie threat . Nice try , Max , but that 's just another ploy by you and your elitist friends to get us to give up control of our nation to the United Nations . Not on my watch , buddy . I see these zombies for what they truly are : un-American . They do n't speak English , they do n't share our values , and they eat human beings . Plus , they 're probably all liberals . After all , you ca n't be pro-life if you eat people . I hope my fellow Americans wake up before it 's too late . We need to secure our borders now before we talk about allowing any zombie reform legislation allowing them to enter or remain in our country . If not , then I hope the Rosetta Stone starts teaching us how to speak zombie , because we are all going to need it . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Dean Obeidallah .	Canadian politicians said Canada will not tolerate an influx of zombies Dean Obeidallah : America needs to wake up and get ready for the growing zombie threat Zombies far outlive humans , so they will be a great drain on Medicare , he writes He says we ca n't allow zombie amnesty and give zombies an easier path to citizenship
Washington  CNN  -- The United States has renewed a travel alert to Mexico , citing increased violence in the country . The alert , issued Sunday by the State Department , is in effect until August 20 and supersedes an alert issued August 20 , 2009 . "  Recent violent attacks have caused the U.S. Embassy to urge U.S. citizens to delay unnecessary travel to parts of Michoacan , Durango , Coahuila and Chihuahua ... and to advise U.S. citizens residing or traveling in those areas to exercise extreme caution , " the alert says . "  Drug cartels and associated criminal elements have retaliated violently against individuals who speak out against them or whom they otherwise view as a threat to their organization . These attacks include the abduction and murder of two resident U.S. citizens in Chihuahua . " More than 16,000 people have died in Mexico since President Felipe Calderon declared war on the drug cartels shortly after assuming office in December 2006 . Ciudad Juarez , in Chihuahua state across the border from El Paso , Texas , is the most violent city in the nation . "  The situation in the state of Chihuahua , specifically Ciudad Juarez , is of special concern , " the alert says . "  Mexican authorities report that more than 2,600 people were killed in Ciudad Juarez in 2009 , " the report states . "  Additionally , this city of 1.3 million people experienced more than 16,000 car thefts and 1,900 carjackings in 2009 . U.S. citizens should pay close attention to their surroundings while traveling in Ciudad Juarez , avoid isolated locations during late night and early morning hours , and remain alert to news reports . " But the problems are not limited to Juarez , the State Department says . "  Mexican drug cartels are engaged in violent conflict -- both among themselves and with Mexican security services -- for control of narcotics trafficking routes along the U.S.-Mexico border , " the report says . "  In order to combat violence , the government of Mexico has deployed military troops throughout the country . U.S. citizens should cooperate fully with official checkpoints when traveling on Mexican highways . "  Some recent Mexican army and police confrontations with drug cartels have resembled small-unit combat , with cartels employing automatic weapons and grenades . Large firefights have taken place in towns and cities across Mexico , but occur mostly in northern Mexico , including Ciudad Juarez , Tijuana , Chihuahua City , Nogales , Matamoros , Reynosa and Monterrey . During some of these incidents , U.S. citizens have been trapped and temporarily prevented from leaving the area . " A number of areas along the border continue to experience a rapid growth in crime , with robberies , homicides , petty thefts and carjackings increasing during the past year nationwide , the alert says . The State Department reports notable spikes in Chihuahua , Sinaloa , and northern Baja California . "  Ciudad Juarez , Tijuana and Nogales are among the cities which have experienced public shootouts during daylight hours in shopping centers and other public venues , " the alert says . "  Criminals have followed and harassed U.S. citizens traveling in their vehicles in border areas including Nuevo Laredo , Matamoros , and Tijuana . Travelers on the highways between Monterrey and other parts of Mexico to the United States  notably through Nuevo Laredo and Matamoros  have been targeted for robbery and violence and have also inadvertently been caught in incidents of gunfire between criminals and Mexican law enforcement . Such incidents are more likely to occur at night but may occur at any time , " the alert says .	The new State Department travel alert is in effect until August 20 U.S. citizens are urged to delay unnecessary travel to parts of Mexico Violent attacks have occurred in parts of Michoacan , Durango , Coahuila and Chihuahua
CNN  -- A watchdog group meant to guard Americans ' right to privacy against overreach by government cyberintelligence has been around for years . If that makes you feel safer , consider this : It had no leader until May , and lawmakers delayed for years to fully staff it . President Barack Obama met with the group for the first time Friday over the phone and e-mail record-gathering scandal involving the National Security Agency . The president wants to enlist the group to "  structure a national conversation " on government cyberintelligence and civil rights . Who are the watchdogs ? The group is called the Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board  PCLOB  , and though it was created in 2004 , it does not appear to have been very active . It initially answered directly to then-President George W. Bush in an advisory role , but later became an independent agency in 2007 following advice from the 9/11 Commission , according to the White House . Why little will happen to change how we snoop Five years later , the PCLOB really only existed on paper , a group of conservative libertarians complained . In a May 2012 letter to Senators from the group -- led by former Republican Representative Bob Barr of Georgia -- blasted Washington for dallying on staffing the board , while lawmakers were already considering cybersecurity legislation . What 's next for Snowden ? "  We are deeply troubled by the fact that it has been almost five years since Congress enacted legislation to create an independent PCLOB with meaningful oversight authority , and yet the Board has not yet come into existence , " the letter read . Washington lawmakers had bounced nominations to the PCLOB that Obama made in December 2010 back at him , only to have him nominate them again , according to the Senate Judiciary Committee . Rand Paul : Clapper was lying Their mission ? "  Minimizing any impact on privacy and civil liberties " while the government expands its fight against cyberthreats , the White House posted on its blog a year after floating the nominees . It encouraged their swift confirmation . Officials cite thwarted plots The conservative advocates adamantly backed the liberal president . "  We implore you to act without further delay to move these nominations forward , " they wrote to senators . Last month , Obama appointed financial and economic attorney David Medine to chair the board . Obama wants to expand its duties to include "  big data " -- how private companies like Google or Facebook treat information they collect from their customers , he said in an interview with journalist Charlie Rose this week . Nine years after its inception , PCLOB may begin with its task , now that the NSA 's intelligence activities have been exposed . "  We discussed with the president our recommendation that every effort be made to publicly provide the legal rationale for the programs in order to enhance the public discussion and debate about the legality and propriety of the country 's counterterrorism efforts , " the group said in a statement after Friday 's meeting , noting it would produce a public review of the recently revealed surveillance programs . The NSA controversy Earlier this month , Edward Snowden , a former employee of a government contractor , leaked to the media that the NSA had secretly collected and stored millions of phone records from accounts in the United States . It also collected information from U.S. companies on the Internet activity of overseas residents , he said . The NSA and many Washington politicians , including the president , have justified the surveillance program , called PRISM , as necessary to preventing terrorist threats . They emphasize that agents are not randomly listening in on phone conversations and only monitoring the internet activity of "  non-U.S. persons . " They mine the data to see who may have contact with known or suspected terrorists , the NSA said . And their work is subject to scrutiny of a court . Critics complain that the court operates in secrecy , which prevents it from offering a real check to the NSA 's activities . They say that the exposed top-secret program amounts to a gross encroachment by the government upon citizens ' rights to privacy . PRISM has helped thwart more than 50 terrorist acts worldwide , NSA director Gen. Keith Alexander has said . But CNN terror analyst Peter Bergen does n't think such broad surveillance has helped foil significant plots on U.S. soil . Normal police work has done the job in the overwhelming majority of cases . PRISM 's supporters and critics are divided between both parties , creating unlikely alliances between Democrats and Republicans to defend or condemn PRISM . Republican House Majority Leader Eric Cantor promised "  serious investigations into potential wrongdoing " over the program , while his party colleague , Rep. Peter King of New York , said journalists involved in reporting stories about the surveillance programs should be investigated for violating national security . Snowden has fled to Hong Kong . Lawmakers in Washington are building a criminal case against him .	NEW : Obama meets with watchdog group The group is meant to protect civil liberties against government cybersecurity overreach PCLOB was founded in 2004 but critics complain it never really existed
CNN  -- A rebel group in the Democratic Republic of Congo killed at least 321 civilians and abducted 250 others -- including at least 80 children -- in a previously unreported rampage late last year , Human Rights Watch said in a report released Saturday . The Lord 's Resistance Army  LRA  carried out the brutal campaign in northeastern Congo over four days in December , the report said . LRA forces attacked at least 10 villages from December 14 to 17 , killing and abducting hundreds of civilians -- including women and children , according to Human Rights Watch . LRA combatants tied up villagers in the nation 's remote Makombo area and hacked them to death with machetes or crushed their skulls with axes and heavy wooden sticks , the report said . Most of those killed were adult men , but at least 13 women and 23 children were among the dead -- including a 3-year-old girl who was burned to death , according to Human Rights Watch . The LRA also killed those they abducted who walked too slowly or tried to escape , Human Rights Watch said . According to those who managed to escape , children captured by the LRA were forced to kill other children who had disobeyed the LRA 's rules , the report said . In numerous cases , children were ordered to surround the victim in a circle and take turns beating the child on the head with a large wooden stick until the child died , the report said . "  The Makombo massacre is one of the worst ever committed by the LRA in its bloody 23-year history , yet it has gone unreported for months , " said Anneke Van Woudenberg , a senior Africa researcher at Human Rights Watch . "  The four-day rampage demonstrates that the LRA remains a serious threat to civilians and is not a spent force , as the Ugandan and Congolese governments claim . " CNN could not independently confirm the massacre . Human Rights Watch said that the roughly 1,000 United Nations peacekeeping troops in LRA-affected parts of northeastern Congo are insufficient to protect civilians . The peacekeeping force is considering removing some troops from the area under pressure from the Congolese government , a move Human Rights Watch warned against on Saturday . The U.N. Security Council is planning to visit Congo in mid-April to discuss the peacekeeping force 's plans for withdrawal and the protection of civilians , Human Rights Watch said . The Congolese government denies that the LRA is still a serious threat in the country , which may have contributed to the absence of reports about the December massacre , Human Rights Watch said . "  We have been forgotten , " an 80-year-old Congolese man whose son was killed during the massacre told Human Rights Watch . "  It 's as if we do n't exist . " "  The government says the LRA are no longer a problem , but I know that 's not true , " he said . "  I beg of you , please talk to others about what has happened to us . " The LRA is led by self-declared mystic and prophet Joseph Kony , who claims his insurgency -- which began in 1986 -- is aimed at replacing Uganda 's government , led by President Yoweri Museveni , with a democracy based on the Bible 's Ten Commandments . After being pushed out of Uganda in 2005 , the LRA now operates in the remote border area between southern Sudan , Congo , and Central African Republic . In 2005 , the International Criminal Court issued arrest warrants for senior LRA leaders for crimes they committed in northern Uganda , but those indicted remain at large . The two commanders who perpetrated the December massacre report to one of those indicted leaders , according to Human Rights Watch . The Makombo massacre is the deadliest documented attack by the LRA since killing sprees around Christmas 2008 left scores of Congolese dead , but dozens of other attacks against civilians have been carried out in other areas in recent months , Human Rights Watch said .	A rebel group in Congo killed at least 321 civilians , Human Rights Watch said The Lord 's Resistance Army abducted 250 others including 80 children , the report said LRA forces attacked at least 10 villages from December 14 to 17 , the report claimed CNN could not independently confirm reports of the massacre
New York  CNN  -- Staring down a smoking homemade bomb and dismantling it is dangerous enough . Doing it with news cameras rolling on a busy Saturday night in the middle of Times Square is something Det. Patrick LaScala of the New York Police Department swears never entered his mind . Until the following day . "  You 're home the next day , and you 're really thinking about it . Then , you start to put the pieces together and you think , ` Wow , ' " LaScala said in an exclusive interview . LaScala was manipulating the police robot that laid the groundwork for one of his partners , Det. Raymond Clair . "  This was the first time that I went down on a vehicle , and I saw clocks and wires and gas and propane . I identified it as a bomb , and I had to look twice , " Clair said . After 13 years as a bomb tech , that night was the one Clair says he 'll remember the most . Clair and LaScala are part of New York 's elite bomb squad , a unit whose size is a closely guarded secret . CNN was given special access to the unit in order to find out what a more typical day can be like . During one recent 16-hour shift , I watched the same five-man team who worked the bungled bomb plot in Times Square check their equipment , catch up on paperwork and make sure Dan-O , their explosives-sniffing dog , was raring to go . The K-9 is named for a member of the squad who died in the 9/11 attacks when one of the twin towers collapsed . On a busy side street outside their Manhattan offices , neighbors watched them go through their paces with the robot . "  We think they 're great , " one man said . Another passerby snapped a picture of the robot with her cell phone . "  Is that the robot that checks out bombs ? " she asked . It was . But robots , as sophisticated as they are , can only do so much . They 're capable of blowing out windows , blasting a suspicious package to bits , photographing an object from several angles and sending those images to investigators . The squad does n't want to publicize more specific details . Still , a human touch often ca n't be avoided . With help , bomb techs first crawl into an 85-pound protective suit that covers their bodies from head to toe . The feet nearly look like those of a platypus , the material is stiff and hot , and the chest plate is heavy . A helmet is cinched on around the neck , and an air hose keeps outside air flowing into the mask . Put on gloves , and it 's hard to imagine that anyone in such bulky gear could maneuver and dismantle possible bomb components . But that 's what they 're trained to do . "  The more you do , and the more you get involved , the better you 'll get when it 's the real thing , " Clair said . Det. Greg Abbate also was there for the "  real thing " in Times Square . He said his training kicked in . "  There 's a strong bond between us . We go to a job , there 's very little talk . Everyone knows what they have to do , " he said . Despite the immense dangers associated with the work , whenever the unit checks out a suspicious package , bomb technicians jockey for the opportunity to suit up . "  We actually have arguments over who 's taking the job , " added Abbate . When CNN traveled with them on a call , it was Abbate 's turn to wear the gear . The bomb squad was called to check out a backpack found in a park near a police headquarters checkpoint . The team sped to the scene with sirens screaming . Other units ringed the perimeter . X-rays were taken . Abbate moved in . This time , he determined that this time , there was nothing to it . Sgt. John Ryan said it 's necessary to assume the worst until the team moves in . "  Everything is a bomb until we say it 's not a bomb , " said Ryan . The days are long , but the men say they feel "  blessed " to be part of the bomb squad . They laugh when people suggest they must be a little crazy to do such a dangerous job . "  It 's an honor , " LaScala said . And it never gets old . "  At the end of the day , it 's just one day down and a lot more to go , " said Det. Mike Garcia . CNN producers Julian Cummings and Ross Levitt contributed to this report .	CNN visits the bomb squad that handled the recent Times Square incident Det. Greg Abbate : "  There 's a very strong bond between us " Despite the dangers , squad members eager to be the one to suit up when a call comes in
Washington  CNN  -- New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie declined an invitation to attend a major gathering of social conservatives this week in Washington , opting instead to make a high-profile appearance at a forum organized by former President Bill Clinton in Chicago . Christie 's decision was hardly a bombshell : Up for re-election in November in a Democratic-leaning state , the governor can hardly afford to be seen courting Christian conservatives and sharing a stage with divisive figures like Michele Bachmann and Herman Cain . But his absence was a sore point for many conservative activists who traveled to the Faith and Freedom Coalition 's "  Road to Majority " conference to see a bumper crop of GOP stars , including would-be presidential candidates like Kentucky Sen. Rand Paul and Florida Sen. Marco Rubio . In New Hampshire , early signs of the 2016 presidential race The official line here about Christie was a polite one . "  He was invited , " conference organizer Ralph Reed told CNN in an e-mail when asked about Christie . "  We would have been happy to have him and our hope is he can come next year . " But in conversation after conversation at the forum , attendees offered opinions of Christie that ranged from bewilderment to thinly disguised contempt . Taken together , their assessments signaled that Christie has some vital repair work to do with conservatives if he wants to pursue the Republican presidential nomination in 2016 . While many here seemed unfamiliar with the details of his policy positions , most were fully aware of Christie 's public embrace of President Barack Obama in the wake of Superstorm Sandy , which ravaged the New Jersey shore last October . Christie 's gushing praise of the president 's post-storm relief efforts rankled a number of Mitt Romney 's top campaign advisers , some of whom blamed him for burnishing Obama 's image just days before the presidential election . The whispered complaint among top Republicans in and out of the Romney campaign was that Christie was disloyal , more concerned with his 2013 re-election bid than with helping a Republican capture the White House . At the Faith and Freedom event , it was clear a similar perception about Christie has taken hold among party activists , many of whom said they would n't dare vote for him if he decides to seek the 2016 Republican presidential nomination . "  He 's changed , " said Robert Eaton , a Republican activist from Greensboro , North Carolina . "  He was a rock star at first when he first came out . He was strong . He was making good speeches and being very conservative . He went against the teacher 's unions , which is a good , free enterprise issue . And he stared them down . Had his way . Now he is showing his other side . " Eaton , who said he was surprised Christie was even invited by the Faith and Freedom Coalition , paused in the middle of an interview and looked at his companion . "  Was he a Democrat before he was a Republican ? That 's a good question . It would n't surprise me . " Nancy Modlin , another North Carolinian and a self-described home-schooling mom , expressed disappointment that Christie chose to attend a forum hosted by Clinton instead of spending a day in Washington meeting with conservatives . Bill Clinton lauds Christie "  I am disillusioned with him , " Modlin said . "  I see too much two-facedness , trying to ride both sides of the fence for his own gain . I 'm not sure what he is right now , with the way he philanders with a variety of people , Democrats like Bill Clinton . What does that tell you ? " Brandon Patterson , a 23-year old Regent University student from Virginia Beach , Virginia , said Christie "  is not very popular here . " "  Nobody is excited to support him at all , " Patterson said . "  Nobody that I know of . He 's a moderate . " Christie has riled the right in other ways beyond the drama of Sandy . His list of perceived sins , documented by right-leaning bloggers and curated online by the conservative Drudge Report , seems to expand by the week . In February , the governor complied with an expansion of Medicaid required under Obama 's health care reform law , a smart political move in a blue state but a poke-in-the-eye for conservatives rabidly opposed to the provision . He has sought tougher gun laws in New Jersey . And earlier this month , after the death of New Jersey Sen. Frank Lautenberg , Christie called for an expensive taxpayer-funded special Senate election instead of appointing a Republican to serve out the remainder of the Democrat 's term in Washington . Still , many of the conference-goers had only a dim awareness of Christie 's record in Trenton . Their impressions seemed based on casual conversations with friends and neighbors , and rooted in the Sandy episode last year . Asked specifically what it is about Christie that turns off conservatives , Melissa Ortiz said "  the buddy buddy with Obama thing . " "  The way he buddied-up to him does not play well with true bedrock conservatives , " said Ortiz , a communications strategist from Washington who said she personally admires Christie . Admittedly , these are the opinions of only a modest sample of the most dedicated social conservative activists , including a good number of evangelical Christians who might be more sympathetic to a candidate like former Sen. Rick Santorum , who won the 2012 Iowa caucuses with support from influential pastors , or Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker , the son of a Baptist minister and a practicing evangelical . But there is harder evidence that Christie has problems with Republicans outside of New Jersey . A Gallup poll released earlier this month pegged Christie 's approval rating among national Republicans at just 58 percent , and almost a quarter of Republicans view him unfavorably . "  This may reflect that Republicans are paying close attention to Christie 's overall political positioning , and some in the party may be displeased with Christie 's high-visibility public appearances with President Barack Obama in the aftermath of Hurricane Sandy at the New Jersey shore , including one just before last November 's presidential election , " Gallup pollster Frank Newport wrote about the poll . Getting a thumbs-up from nearly two-thirds of national Republicans might not seem like a problem for Christie . But politicians -- especially those who hope to survive the obstacle course of a presidential primary fight -- are generally expected to have deeper appeal within their own party 's ranks . Hillary Clinton , for instance , has a 94 % favorable rating among Democrats , Gallup recently found . The picture in New Jersey , where Christie is expected to cruise to victory in November over Democratic challenger Barbara Buono , differs markedly for him . Almost 90 percent of Republicans in the state view their governor favorably , according to a Rutgers-Eagleton poll released on Friday , and more than 80 percent of New Jersey voters think Christie will be re-elected . And yet not a single person among the more than two dozen conference-goers interviewed Thursday and Friday named Christie among their top choices for president in 2016 . The names that most frequently surfaced were those of Paul , Rubio and Walker , who , like Christie , were absent from the gathering . Zelizer : Why 2014 is the year to watch A number of conservatives here said flatly they would never vote for Christie . "  Sorry , ca n't go that way , " said Nancy Schultz , a Republican from Orlando , Florida . "  He 's not pure enough on the founding principles . " Elizabeth Creamer , a resident of Clearwater , Florida , had a similar take . "  I 've heard he 's in with the president and he supports what he does , and you see him walking around with Obama and you see him consorting with Obama a lot , " Creamer said . "  I do n't know where he stands . " LaDonna Ryggs , a Republican activist from South Carolina , said Christie has time to repair his image , but she doubts that he will have much appeal in her state , which holds one of the pivotal early presidential primaries every four years . "  After the election and the things that happened , I think a lot of people probably blame him for it , " Ryggs said . "  I do n't blame him . I do n't think it was his fault . But you still hear it from a lot of people . The way I look at him is , he sells in New Jersey . And what you have to be there is a whole lot different than what sells in South Carolina . I do n't know that he will be popular in South Carolina . " A few people here had a more pragmatic perspective . Eric Lupardus , the 25-year old Missouri native , said Republicans should be willing to support candidates who are n't down-the-line conservatives if they want to win . "  I hate the argument that if we want to win we have to pick someone who we do n't necessarily agree with , but that 's the world we live in , " he said . "  So I would rather have Chris Christie and have him be my friend half the time , than have a Democrat as a president . I would certainly vote for him . " "  I do n't think we should shoot for the middle , " Lupardus said , with a pained look on his face . "  But we need someone with broad appeal , because we 've lost the last two times and we need a win . "	New Jersey 's Chris Christie 's decision to choose Clinton over Faith and Freedom forum rankles conservatives Some still blame Christie 's praise of Barack Obama in Sandy aftermath for Mitt Romney 's loss Early Christie supporter says Christie is "  showing his other side " NEW : New Jersey Republicans view Christie favorably in new survey
ISLAMABAD , Pakistan  CNN  -- Taliban militants made their deepest incursion into Pakistan this week , seizing control of areas that are a short drive from the capital city . Pakistan has deployed paramilitary troops to a district taken over by the Taliban . A Pakistani government official said the militants fully withdrew from the Buner district on Friday , although other officials cast doubt on the extent of the pullout and how long it would last . Buner is only 60 miles outside Islamabad . The situation is particularly concerning because Pakistan is a nuclear-armed state . The Islamic republic is believed to have between 30 and 40 nuclear warheads , according to the U.N. nuclear watchdog , the International Atomic Energy Agency  IAEA  . Those warheads , however , are unassembled and scattered about Pakistan in areas that are not under the control of the Taliban , several analysts said . iReport : Should the U.S. intercede in Pakistan ? Earlier this week , U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton warned that Pakistan was in danger of falling into terrorist hands . But Pakistan 's ambassador to the United States , Husain Haqqani , said that the situation is not as dire as Clinton described . "  Yes , we have a challenge , " Haqqani told CNN . "  But , no , we do not have a situation in which the government or the country of Pakistan is about to fall to the Taliban . " Analyst Michael Krepon said while the news out of Pakistan is "  disturbing , " the real concern is what happens if Pakistan decides to move the weapons components , which are closely guarded by its army . "  The nuclear weapons are the most well-guarded inanimate objects in the country , " said Krepon , co-founder of the Stimson Center , a Washington , D.C.-based think tank . "  When they 're not in motion , they 're not going to be subject to hijacking or being overrun by the Taliban . " Krepon , who studies Pakistan 's and India 's nuclear programs , said tensions between those two countries could prompt Pakistan to move its weapons components . "  If there 's a crisis with India ... odds increase greatly that weapons could move around , and when weapons move around , it is very worrisome , " he said . Watch a former CIA official view " However , Pakistani political consultant Hasan-Askari Rizvi downplayed the threat of the Taliban insurgency to Pakistan 's nuclear weapons program . "  The threat to nuclear weapons is not so imminent because they are far away from those places and secondly , they are under control of the army , " Rizvi said . "  Only a few people in the army know about it , " he said , noting that the Pakistani army would defend their control of the nuclear weapons until the end . "  It 's a source of power , " Rizvi said . "  Whoever controls the weapons will dictate to the Pakistani government . " Commentators and politicians in the West have long harbored concerns that Pakistan 's nuclear weapons could be stolen by Islamic militants . A month after suspected Islamist extremists assassinated former Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto in December 2007 , top Pakistani security officials held a special briefing with Western journalists , insisting that the country 's nuclear arsenal is secure from Islamic extremists . The January 26 , 2008 news conference took place a few weeks after IAEA chief Mohamed ElBaradei warned that Pakistan 's "  many internal problems " put the country 's nuclear arms at much greater risk . At the briefing , Lt. Gen. Khalid Kidwai -- head of the army division that controls Pakistan 's nuclear sites and weapons -- said the country 's weapons were protected by a "  fool-proof " security system . Kidwai said there are 10,000 troops assigned to guard the country 's nuclear facilities , including special agents who report directly to the country 's intelligence services . He stressed that Pakistani military sites were equipped with security cameras ; biometrics and access control ; bullet-proof vehicles , high security walls ; and quick reaction forces . Around 2,000 scientists working with sensitive materials and information at the sites had to undergo extensive background checks before being given security clearances , he added . "  In Pakistan we have been extremely conscious of our responsibilities and obligations in this regard and we have instituted command and control structures and security measures in a manner so as to make these fool proof , " Kidwai said . CNN 's Tricia Escobedo in Atlanta , Georgia , contributed to this report .	Concerns over Pakistan 's nuclear arsenal as Taliban make advances Pakistan is estimated to have 30-40 nuclear weapons Consultant says army would fight to the end to protect nuclear sites Another analyst says the weapons are the most well-guarded objects in Pakistan
CNN  -- The United States could n't do it on its first try . Neither could the Soviets . In true underdog fashion , India launched its ultra-budget spacecraft and bested the Americans and Europeans by becoming the first nation to succeed in sending a spacecraft into Mars ' orbit on its initial attempt . Twenty-four hours into India 's entry into the elite space club , the Mars Orbiter Mission , also known as Mangalyaan , is circling the Red Planet and sending back data and photos to the command center . Here are five things to know about the latest Mars darling : 1 . How India kept its Mars mission costs low The much-repeated phrase is that the Mars Orbiter Mission at $ 74 million cost less than the $ 100 million budget for the Hollywood space thriller "  Gravity . " At least "  Gravity " earned a few Academy Awards . India 's Mars mission actually cost a lot less than most of this year 's Hollywood summer flops -- some of which you probably do n't remember . For example , the budget for Tom Cruise 's flick "  Edge of Tomorrow " could have funded two India Mars mission with its whopping $ 178 million budget . India has built a reputation for its frugal innovations . CNNMoney explains that the Indian Space Research Organization  ISRO  was able to save money by using short development cycles and taking advantage of India 's cheap labor market . For example , highly-skilled aerospace engineers in India might receive a salary of $ 1,000 per month , a fraction of what they could earn in Europe or the U.S. 2 . How quickly the Mars mission was pulled together India 's then-Prime Minister Manmohan Singh announced India 's Mars aspiration in August 2012 . In a rapid turnaround , the ISRO worked at breakneck speed to engineer , assemble and launch the Mars Orbiter . By November 2013 , it launched from Chennai and 10 months later , it reached Mars ' orbit to inspire a nation . From announcement to execution , the Mars mission took India 's space agency two years and one month . In comparison , NASA 's MAVEN was announced in September 2008 , and reached the planet 's orbit earlier this week -- taking six years . In a Forbes interview from 2013 , ISRO Chairman Dr. K. Radhakrishnan said that India 's space scientists commonly work 18-hour days and even 20-hour days during launch period , which made them more time and cost effective . 3 . The purpose of India 's space mission The Mars spacecraft will orbit the Red Planet , mapping its surface and studying the atmosphere . The observation has already begun using its scientific instruments , according to ISRO . For much of its 50-year history , India 's space program has prioritized developing technological capacity to help its population , such as improving its telecommunications infrastructure and environmental monitoring with satellites . India 's space program launched its first Earth satellite in 1975 and put an unmanned probe into orbit around the Moon in 2008 . 4 . It 's winning the Internet These days , if your spacecraft does n't have a social account with a quirky personality , it might as well not exist . The Mars Orbiter 's new Twitter account casually greeted NASA 's Mars Curiosity , "  Howdy ... Keep in touch . " It joined an elite club of recent space darlings like NASA 's Curiosity and China 's defunct Moon rover Jade Rabbit , whose popularity soared due to a blend of cheeky and scientific social media posts . 5 . It 's not without controversy In a country where one in three people lacks basic amenities like electricity , not all could cheer India 's interplanetary aspirations . The statistics are sobering : one out of three malnourished children in the world lives in India . It faces development , poverty , education and gender challenges . Some critics have said that India should channel its funds into helping people here on Earth . And another criticism is that one of Earth 's biggest environmental offenders has ignored the costs to the planet to go explore another .	Mars Orbiter Mission is pride of India after its successful entry into Red Planet Mangalyaan has sent back its first images of the surface of Mars Mission cost less than was spent to produce Hollywood film "  Gravity "
CNN  -- A devastating storm system moved across the United States on Friday , spawning a slew of tornadoes that contributed to at least 28 fatalities in Indiana , Kentucky and Ohio . National Weather Service meteorologist John Gordon reported Friday afternoon the agency had about "  half a dozen reports of tornadoes on the ground , " as well as reports of "  significant damage " -- making his comments before some of the worst twisters were reported . "  This is an enormous outbreak that 's going on right now across Kentucky and the South , " Gordon said . "  It 's crazy . It 's just nuts right here . " Southern Indiana was particularly hard hit , with Indiana Department of Homeland Security spokesman John Erickson saying three had died in Jefferson County as a result . Sgt. Rod Russell with the Indiana State Police said later that three people also were killed in Scott County . In addition , Emergency Management Director Leslie Cavanaugh of Clark County -- which has about 110,000 people -- reported one death . Sheriff 's Department Maj. Chuck Adams added that a man was found dead in his car several miles outside Henryville . "  We 've got total devastation in the north-ceindntral part of the county  and  widespread damage from the west to the east , " added Adams . "  We are inundated with calls . " At least 15 people were killed across Indiana , authorities said . Aerial footage from CNN affiliate WLKY showed structures torn to shreds and large swaths of trees knocked down in Henryville , about 20 miles north of Louisville , Kentucky . Other aerial images showed similar devastation in St. Paul , Indiana . Several officials -- including Jeffersonville , Indiana , Mayor Mike Moore , U.S. Sen. Dan Coats and Adams -- indicated that the town of Marysville suffered especially significant damage . Cavanaugh also said that the local high school , Henryville Junior-Senior High School , had been "  demolished . " According to Sara Reschar , an administrative assistant for the West Clark Community Schools , "  students were already out of the school when the storm hit " -- having been dismissed about 15 minutes earlier . Adams said there were some "  scrapes and scratches , " but no serious injuries as a result . Authorities used thermal imaging equipment , search dogs and other means Friday night to look for a 9-year-old boy in Henryville whose whereabouts was unknown after the tornadoes came through , Adams said . Amid the devastation , there was also some hope -- in the form of a 20-month-old girl found alone , and without identification , in a field in Salem , about 20 miles from Henryville . Adam said the girl was intubated and then flown to Kosair Children 's Hospital in Louisville . He said that people since had called in to identify the girl , while adding he did not know her current condition . About four hours after the National Weather Service said a twister touched down in Indiana 's Posey County , Gov. Mitch Daniels said crews "  are racing the nightfall " to assess the damage and help those in need . Sgt. First Class Tina Eichenour of the Indiana National Guard said that roughly 250 troops have been called to duty , destined for towns such as Henryville and Marysville . "  I am constantly amazed by both the unpredictability and the ferocity that Mother Nature can unleash , when she chooses to , " Daniels said of the severe weather . His counterpart in Kentucky , Gov. Steve Beshear , on Friday declared a statewide emergency to facilitate local authorities ' access to state resources . The governor has authorized the deployment of 50 National Guard troops to go to Morgan County to join a 12-person search and rescue team out of Lexington . What to do during tornado watches , warnings "  The storm system has n't cleared Kentucky yet , but we obviously have reports of some heavy damage , " Beshear told CNN 's Erin Burnett . At least 12 people were killed in Kentucky tied to Friday 's severe weather , authorities said . Shawn Harley , from the National Weather Service , confirmed that people were trapped in damaged buildings after a large tornado struck the small town of West Liberty in eastern Kentucky . There was no immediate word on casualties as a result . Chuck Wolfe , a spokesman for the Kentucky Emergency Management Agency , said state authorities had lost contact with the town . Wolfe said officials believe the town "  got hit pretty heavily . " Beshear is expected to visit West Liberty to assess the damage Saturday . Separately , a man in his 50s was found dead in his mobile home in Bethel , Ohio , the Clermont County Commissioners said in a press release . In Tennessee , severe weather was responsible for critical injuries of as many as eight people in the cities of Harrison and Oolteweh , officials there said . The storm brought golf-ball-size hail , strong winds and rain into the two northeast Alabama counties before continuing on a northeastward path into Tennessee . Tennessee Emergency Management spokesman Jeremy Heidt said there were reports of possible tornado touchdowns in nine counties total . At least 29 people were injured across the state , according to Dean Flener , also with TEMA . Between 40 and 50 homes in Hamilton County , Tennessee , have "  significant damage that we know about , " the county 's Chief of Emergency Management Bill Tittle told CNN . Reporting from that area near Chattanooga , CNN 's Rob Marciano observed a continuous stretch of damage about 200 yards wide that ripped what had been brick-and-mortar homes down to their foundations . Tittle said that there are 24 reported injuries and , while none of them appears to be life-threatening , he acknowledged that "  we have not reached all the homes . " "  We obviously have lots of debris , homes with roof damage , streets that are impassable that we have crews cutting down trees with chainsaws in order to get emergency vehicles through , and as of now our crews are just going door-to-door on foot , " said Amy Maxwell , Hamilton County , Tennessee , emergency management spokeswoman . Maxwell later said six to 10 people were at local hospitals after suffering injuries , and a triage area was set up at Ooltewah High School to treat patients on the scene . Hamilton County Mayor Jim Coppinger said a touchdown of a tornado had been confirmed , though he expressed optimism that sound preparation and safety measures appeared thus far to prevent any deaths . "  We 're just working diligently at this hour to try to make sure that everyone is accounted for , " Coppinger told CNN . "  And hopefully we 'll be able to escape  without fatalities  . " Meanwhile , Alabama Gov. Robert Bentley said there have been seven injuries and about 40 homes destroyed but no fatalities after two tornadoes touched down in his state Friday morning . This Just In : Harrisburg 's path of destruction "  The April 27 tornado and the track of the two this morning were exactly the same , " Bentley told CNN , referring to last year 's twisters that left at least 238 dead . Both Buckhorn High School in Madison County and the Limestone County Correctional Facility in an adjacent Alabama county were hit Friday . There was also widespread damage in Madison County , the National Weather Service said , and some injuries were reported , according to a local ambulance service . The Madison County Emergency Management Agency confirmed that a rain-wrapped tornado was spotted near the Harvest area , just northwest of Huntsville , which itself was hit hard by a tornado last year . Toddler found alone in field "  The key thing that let me know it was serious was the loud wind , " said Hovet Dixon of Harvey , Alabama . "  It almost seemed like it was trying to lift my roof off . " The warden for the Limestone Correctional Facility , Dorothy Goode , said the prison was hit by the storm . All prisoners -- the facility holds about 2,200 -- were accounted for , she said . Storms are expected to begin to weaken during the late evening as they move east toward the Appalachians . The severe weather threat should diminish overnight Friday into Saturday morning , Morris said . These tornadoes follow an earlier outbreak that began Tuesday night and left 13 dead across Kansas , Missouri , Illinois and Tennessee and battered parts of Kentucky . CNN 's Susan Candiotti , Larry Shaughnessy , Nick Valencia , Kristina Sgueglia , Carma Hassan , Moni Basu , John Murgatroyd , Melanie Whitley , Joe Sterling , Dave Alsup , Logan Burruss and Kara Devlin contributed to this report .	NEW : 15 are dead in Indiana , 12 in Kentucky and one in Ohio , authorities say National Guard troops are deployed in Kentucky , others are ready in Indiana A toddler girl is found without ID in a field in Indiana , authorities say A National Weather Service meteorologist calls the twister outbreak "  crazy "
CNN  -- It started out life as a new video game concept but quickly morphed into a prototype with a far more practical vision -- a haptic device to help the blind and visually impaired . Tacit is a wrist-mounted device which informs the wearer about the proximity of objects in complex environments , according to its creator Steve Hoefer . Ultrasonic sensors positioned at the front measure distances from one inch up to 10 feet  2cm to 3.5 m  , Hoefer says , while motorized rubber pads at the rear apply increasing amounts of pressure on the wrist as users get closer to an object . The original idea was rather different . Hoefer wanted to create a "  dungeon crawl " game  a type of fantasy role-playing adventure set in labyrinths  that did n't rely on vision . So he built a haptic headband complete with sensors and vibration motors . It worked , but there was a problem . He kept crashing into things that were n't at head height and the vibrations drove him batty , he says . Moving the remodeled device to the back of his hand not only saved him a lot of stubbed toes , but also steered the project in its new direction . The prototype is powered by a standard nine volt battery and can be worn on either hand . It 's cheap too , with materials totaling around $ 75 , Hoefer says . So far , tests with the blind have been very positive , he says , and it 's attracting interest from educators , designers and researchers in the field . Robin Spinks , principle manager of digital accessibility at the UK 's Royal National Institute of Blind People thinks the device shows promise . "  Orientation and mobility are critical skills for a blind person 's independence , education , employment and quality of life . Electronic orientation devices , such as Tacit have the potential to enable individuals to move around independently and gain confidence , " Spinks said . San Francisco-based Hoefer is currently working on reducing Tacit 's size as well as improving its accuracy and simplifying its construction . "  It 's not perfect , but it works , and it can be better , " Hoefer said . "  It could easily be made about half the size , and the replaceable batteries should be replaced by rechargeables with a blind-friendly charging method -- either a wireless or magnetically-aligning power plug . " "  One of the biggest and best criticisms is that it is very difficult for a blind person to build their own . I hope to address that in a future version , " he said . Hoefer has released details of Tacit 's materials , circuits and software on his Grathio Labs web site under a Creative Commons license to maximise feedback and hopefully improve the design . "  There are a number of improvements and changes left to be made . I 'm curious to see what happens , " he said .	San Francisco-based inventor devises cheap haptic device to help visually impaired "  Tacit " uses sensors which measure distances from one inch to 10 feet Rubber pads apply more pressure as a user gets closer to an object
CNN  -- "  There 's no more skeletons in my closet , " Russell Brand told CNN 's Piers Morgan . "  I live in a haunted house . " On Wednesday 's "  Piers Morgan Tonight , " Morgan introduced Brand as "  the man who put the sex , drugs and rock and roll into comedy , " calling the comedian "  a lawbreaker , a line-crosser , a madman and a genius . " Brand , who makes no secret of his shaky past , told Morgan , "  They know I 'm a junkie . They know I carried on with women . They know I 've been in trouble with the police . " The actor also talked to the CNN host about his new movie , "  Arthur , " a remake of the 1980s classic , his marriage to pop superstar Katy Perry and his thoughts on the royal family . Brand described his pre-sobriety self in detail , saying he was "  a scrawny , retched , ne'er do well -- a twig crow man , scorching across the north London streets , fingerless gloves , outstretched palm , bags of smack in pocket , pipe on the lips . " "  I used to hang out with pimps and hookers and junkies and crooks , " continued Brand . "  But the reality of that life , you know , you can snatch glistening pearls of amusement from it . But when that 's your daily life , it 's miserable . " Morgan asked Brand if his newfound immense success made him happier . "  Given that I had an early life that was about like sort of stealing to survive , " said Brand , "  and having to get on the public transport without paying , and sort of petty incidents , and low-life crime sort of stuff , then yes . It 's obviously easier to have money than to be dirt poor . But I think that to say that money brings happiness is reductive . " Morgan argued that Brand getting a California driver 's license was a step toward the straight and narrow because "  wild rockers ca n't drive . " Brand , who drives a Range Rover , said he takes driving very seriously and tries "  to accept that driving is not a medium in which to express your true nature . " The actor , who married singer/songwriter Perry in October , told Morgan , "  I really love married life . I love the companionship and the friendship and the consistency of someone being there . " Morgan asked if there was any truth to the rumors that Brand is teaming up with Tom Cruise and Alec Baldwin to make a film version of the stage musical "  Rock of Ages . " Brand said , "  As a man who is married to a person that can often be on another continent , I need to put my marriage first . See if we can work out the schedule in there , and then I 'll do it . " "  Arthur , " hits theatres Friday . "  Obviously , you 're replacing a legend , " said Morgan . "  I mean , Dudley Moore made ` Arthur ' this immortal character . Did you have any qualms about taking over such a part from one of your comedy heroes ? " "  I hold Dudley Moore in such reverence , " Brand said . "  I have such strong feelings and affection for the original film . It just felt like a privilege and an honor . " He called the film "  a beautiful way of updating a very traditional and archetypal story . " Brand , a recovering alcoholic who played a womanizing drunk , had an interesting way of preparing for his scenes . "  I was smelling the bottles of booze to get me into character , 'cause I do n't drink anymore as you know . "  I would take the bottles of rum , bottles of tequila , just to evoke the memory . " He called the experience "  a distilled , but positive aspect of alcoholism , " saying it was like being drunk with the exception of "  having to wake up with a terrible headache and a stranger . " Brand said the overall message of the film is that "  Arthur is a billionaire , but he 's unhappy and he is lonely until he finds love . " When the subject of the upcoming nuptials of Prince William and Kate Middleton came up , the two Englishmen discussed the monarchy . Brand noted he has been "  overwhelmed by patriotism " since moving to the United States . "  I have become sort of seduced by it , " continued Brand . "  I think those things have contributed to a renewed appreciation for the monarchy ; while I still believe absolutely in equality at my core . " Morgan asked Brand what the difference between British and American humor is , and whether the comedian tailors his act for American audiences . "  I think there 's a very direct corollary that 's based around our language , " Brand said . "  And I , I certainly do n't think it holds true that the American sense of humor is in any way unsophisticated when you think of the geniuses like  Jerry  Seinfeld and  Richard  Pryor . " As for upcoming plans , Brand told Morgan he wishes "  to continue being a stand-up comedian , continue to be happy in my marriage and to make sure that when I interact with people , I make them happier . " Watch Piers Morgan Tonight weeknights 9 p.m. ET . For the latest from Piers Morgan click here .	Russell Brand 's sordid past includes drug addiction , arrests and womanizing Brand on marriage : "  I love the companionship and the friendship and the consistency " Actor on "  Arthur " : "  Beautiful way of updating a very traditional and archetypal story "
Ovell Smith Krell has spent the better part of her 84 years wondering how her brother died at a Florida reform school in 1940 , and where he may be buried . Today , she appears to be one step closer to finding out . Florida 's attorney general filed a petition on Tuesday asking a state court to approve the exhumation of an unknown number of bodies believed to be buried at the now-defunct school in the Florida panhandle town of Marianna . "  The deaths that occurred at Dozier School for Boys in Marianna are cloaked in mystery , and the surviving family members deserve a thorough examination of the site , " stated Attorney General Pam Bondi , who filed the petition on behalf of Jackson County 's medical examiner . "  I am committed to doing everything within my power to support investigative efforts to help resolve unanswered questions and bring closure to the families who lost loved ones . " Krell -- who believes her brother , Owen , was buried on the school 's property -- says she 's overjoyed at the news . "  We know they 're there and once they start digging , then maybe we can find remains and I hope one of them is my brother , " she told CNN . "  I want his remains brought up , and if I get my brother I would be ecstatic . " Mystery surrounds graves at boys ' reform school It 's unclear when the state court will rule on Bondi 's petition , although a decision could come in the next couple of weeks . If the exhumations are approved , the bodies would be examined at the University of South Florida at the direction of Jackson County 's medical examiner , Michael Hunter . Forensic investigators hope to start the process before the summer rainy season . Researchers plan to use DNA from surviving family members to help identify the remains and return them to their relatives . For years , stories and allegations of beatings , torture and murder have surrounded the century-old school . State authorities have said in the past that there were 31 burial sites at the school , and a 2009 state investigation found no wrongdoing in connection with those deaths . Investigators now say there 's evidence that 98 boys died at the school , and some of them may be buried in the 50 graves that forensic investigators have recently found on school grounds . In the wake of those findings , U.S. Sen. Bill Nelson , D-Florida , asked the Department of Justice to investigate . Nelson called Bondi 's petition for exhumations "  a critical step forward to bring closure to the families . " The mystery surrounding the graves first made headlines in 2008 when Florida 's then-governor , Charlie Crist , ordered an investigation after a group of men , known as "  the White House Boys , " came forward with stories of how they were beaten with leather straps by school administrators inside a small , white building on school property . Robert Straley , who spent about 10 months at the school in the 1960s for allegedly stealing a car , said he was taken to the "  white house " on his very first day . "  I came out of there in shock , and when they hit you , you went down a foot into the bed , and so hard , I could n't believe . I did n't know what they were hitting you with , " Straley said . Former school administrator Troy Tidwell , a one-armed man who some former students accused of beating them , has said in a deposition that "  spankings " took place at the school but denied anyone was ever beaten or killed . The Florida Department of Law Enforcement 's 2009 report said most of the 31 boys buried in the school 's cemetery were killed in a 1914 fire at the facility , while others died in a 1918 flu outbreak . At the time , the law enforcement agency said it could not determine where another 50 boys -- who it said died at the school as a result of illnesses or accidents -- were buried , blaming poorly kept school records . FDLE closed the case due to the lack of evidence that anyone had died as a result of criminal conduct , and no charges were filed . Investigators say the records do not explain why the boys were buried on school property in the first place . The boys who attended the school were considered "  young offenders " of state law and were placed in the school in order to be "  separated from older more vicious associates , " according to the 2009 report citing the Florida Children 's Commission of 1953 . Florida 's Department of Juvenile Justice closed the school in 2011 , blaming budget cuts . Ovell Krell said her family was told that her brother Owen ran away from the reform school , got pneumonia , and died underneath a house in town . "  They said that the body was so decomposed , you would n't be able to identify him ... they took him straight out to the school and buried him , " she told CNN . But Owen 's classmate told the family a different story , Krell said . According to Krell , the boy said as he and Owen tried to escape , "  my brother was running out across a field , an open field , and there was three men shooting at him , with rifles . " "  I believe to this day that they shot my brother that night , and I think they probably killed him and brought him back to the school and buried him , " she said . Today , she simply wants to bring him home . She 's 84 now , and says she 's running out of time . "  My mom never got a good night 's sleep the rest of her life after Owen went missing , " she said . "  I 'd make sure he 's put with my mom and dad . It will probably be their first good night 's sleep in over 70 years . "	Florida 's attorney general has requested a court allow exhumations at a defunct school The court could make a decision in the next few weeks A forensic team has determined that 50 graves exist on school grounds A 2009 state investigation said 31 boys are buried there , and most died from a fire and flu
CNN  -- Betty West knew that something was wrong when her husband Howard slept through a NASCAR race on television . They had been married 65 years , and she knew he never , ever slept through NASCAR . "  All that day , I sat there and watched him , and I knew something was wrong with my husband , " she said . When he woke , he had trouble moving his arms and legs , so they went to the hospital . Doctors diagnosed dehydration , gave him fluids , and sent him home . But Howard West was n't himself anymore , his wife said . He lacked energy . He was n't hungry . He got a fever . A second trip to the hospital revealed that he had the West Nile virus . "  That 's when I knew my husband was going to go , " Betty West told CNN affiliate WRAL in North Carolina . He got weaker and weaker , finally losing the ability to speak , before he died August 9 . "  Just as easy as it could be . No struggles , just gave it up , " Betty West said of the man she married when she was 17 . The United States is experiencing its biggest spike in the number of West Nile virus cases since 2004 . Dallas mayor declares emergency as West Nile virus spreads Howard West is one of at least 26 Americans , by official federal count , to have died in the outbreak of the disease carried by infected mosquitoes . His widow thinks he was probably bitten as he worked on the tomatoes in the garden he loved . She 's grateful that he did n't suffer or have to spend time in a nursing home at the end of his life . "  If you got to go , just get out of here quickly , " Betty West said . Suddenly , a widow after a lifetime with Howard , Betty is now ready to go , too , she says . "  I do n't have a lot of desire to hang around here now , " she said . "  And I hope my children understand . You 've been with someone 65 years and you go put them in the ground and a part of you goes in there , too . " Howard West lived and died in North Carolina , but Texas is the state hardest hit by the current outbreak . Dallas Mayor Mike Rawlings declared Wednesday that the city is facing an emergency as the West Nile virus spreads , killing at least 16 people in Texas . The Dallas declaration clears the way for aerial spraying to kill the infected mosquitoes that carry the disease . There were 26 deaths and 693 cases in 32 states nationwide as of Tuesday evening , according to the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . Spokesman Tom Skinner told CNN the agency is updating case counts once a week after it has analyzed reports . The next report on its website is set for August 21 . Dallas County was already under a state of emergency declared last week . Judge Clay Jenkins declared the emergency Friday in his capacity as director of the county 's Homeland Security and Emergency Management agency and instructed the department to file a local disaster declaration with the state . West Nile virus on the rise in the U.S. Ground and aerial spraying will happen as weather allows . "  The insecticide is safe , " Jenkins said . "  The planes are quite sophisticated , and they get the spray to where it needs to go . " The Indiana State Department of Health announced Wednesday that state 's first West Nile virus death this year . The death occurred in Vanderburgh County , said spokeswoman Amy Reel . She said she was not permitted to provide further details . Six other cases have been reported across Indiana . Louisiana health officials said the more serious form of the virus has seen its highest level since 2006 . So far , six people have died from the virus in Louisiana this year . In the United States , most infections occur between June and September , and peak in August , according to the CDC . "  It is not clear why we are seeing more activity than in recent years , " CDC medical epidemiologist Marc Fischer said Friday . "  Regardless of the reasons for the increase , people should be aware of the West Nile virus activity in their area and take action to protect themselves and their family . " Symptoms include fever , headache , body aches , joint pains , vomiting , diarrhea or rash . "  Less than 1 % develop a serious neurologic illness such as encephalitis or meningitis  inflammation of the brain or surrounding tissues  , " the CDC said . Those at greater risk are people older than 50 and those with conditions such as cancer , diabetes and kidney disease , or with organ transplants . There are no medications to treat the West Nile virus or vaccines to prevent infection . People with milder illnesses typically recover on their own , but those more seriously affected may need hospital care . Health experts say prevention measures include avoiding mosquito bites , using insect repellant and getting rid of insect breeding sites . Symptoms of West Nile virus CNN 's Phil Gast , Joe Sutton , Michael Martinez , Caitlin Hagan and Carma Hassan contributed to this report .	Indiana reports its first West Nile virus death this year In North Carolina , Betty West 's husband died quietly , without a struggle , she says She thinks an infected mosquito bit him as he picked tomatoes Howard West is one at least 26 to die in the current outbreak
CNN  -- Gunmen targeted several areas in the Indian city of Mumbai on Wednesday , taking scores of hostages , killing dozens and taking over the Taj Mahal Hotel and Hotel Oberoi . A fire burns through the dome of the Taj hotel in Mumbai Wednesday . Below is a list of eyewitness accounts from news agencies in the area as well as blogs and Twitter postings . None of the accounts or sites below has been vetted for accuracy : NDTV.com , New Delhi Television Limited "  Me and my friend escaped down the fire exit , but I think they took more people upstairs . They tried to get to the roof ... -LSB- with -RSB- about 15 people , i think about half were foreigners . There were two gunmen , young boys , maybe 20 years old ... 25 . There was a lot of smoke , but they had two guns . They came from the restaurant and took us up the stairs . They had bombs . There was something , because there was a lot of smoke . They wanted anyone with British or American passport ... so I guess they were after foreigners . " -- Rakesh Patel , a businessman from London who lives in Hong Kong , talking about being taken hostage "  I was just sitting and reading the paper . ... I started seeing the sound was increasing and bodies started falling and all of the bloodshed . ... People were crying ; people were limping . We were frightened ; we started to run . I was trying to see if I could see anyone carrying a gun or anything , but I could n't . " -- A witness in Mumbai GulfNews.com "  I was fortunate to have managed to escape the hostage situation at the Taj hotel located near the Gateway of India . ... I heard a loud explosion and the firing , and all those present at the hotel lobby were bundled into the hotel basement by the hotel staff . I had come down to Mumbai to meet a business client at the Taj hotel . There were people running everywhere . It was a panic situation . ... It went on for 15 to 20 minutes . After they caused an impact , the gunmen moved away , and that is when managed to escape with some others . " -- Jacob Joseph Thuthanparambil , a Dubai - based Indian who was in Mumbai for a meeting , described the shooting and grenade-throwing as what "  you see in video games . " Rediff.com -- Rediff India Abroad "  At around 9 p.m. , all of us came to the ground floor to have dinner . When we were eating , we heard heavy firing . It was so rapid that I thought someone was celebrating with crackers . Then we heard huge blasts . The waiters told us that it seemed to be a terrorist attack . The senior staff then took all of us to the back of the hotel . We were in the swimming pool area and asked to lie on the ground . All the MPs and parliamentary officers were holed up there on the floor for some 60 to 80 minutes . We heard the sounds of firing without uttering a word . One injured foreigner was also with us . We were some 50 , 60 people , waiting to escape . We did n't know what was going to happen next . " -- Bhupendrasinh Solanki , the Bharatiya Janata Party member of Parliament from Godhra , Gujarat , who was at the Taj Hotel "  The taxi was shattered to pieces . Only the -LSB- tires -RSB- and the chassis were left . Three people died in the taxi . One victim 's head flew 10 feet onto the divider . You can not tell who the victims were or their age ; they were injured so badly . Flesh was all around . " -- Bhaurao Kumbhar , a Vodafone employee , about an explosion in Vile Parle , in the Juhu region SkyNews.com Alex Chamberlain , a Briton who works for Indian Premier League cricket , was in the Oberoi hotel when the attackers opened fire . Chamberlain said that a group of about 40 people was "  marched up like sheep " to the roof by a "  young guy with a submachine gun , who was about 22 or 23 . " The gunmen then asked if any of the hostages were British or American , Chamberlain told SkyNews.com . "  My Indian friend told me , ` do n't be a hero ' and ` tell him you 're Italian ' and that kind of stuff , " Chamberlain said . Chamberlain and another man sneaked out a fire exit . "  I phoned my girlfriend and told her I loved her and thought it would be the last time I would talk to anyone , " he said . Chamberlain walked downstairs and smashed a window . "  The smoke was so thick , I thought we were going to suffocate , " he told SkyNews.com . Flickr A Mumbai-based photographer known as Vinu has uploaded dozens of photos of the attack to his Flickr account , showing chaos and destruction throughout the city . Twitter "  Emergency " can some one check if there bomb blast of some shootout in oberoi hotel of anywhere in Mumbai ? I am at inox inside " "  I could hear noises outside hard to make out if it gun shootout . " "  when I heard noise outside you could see people scared crying " -- Twitter user Puneet updating the microblog from the Inox movie theater in Mumbai "  I just heard a blast - confirmed mid-sentence by the reporter live on TV . grim situation . " " @ # $ % & * in bed trying to sleep ... just heard another blast ! 5:53 am " -- Gaurav Sikka updating the microblog from an unknown location in Mumbai	NEW : Twitter user : "  in bed trying to sleep ... just heard another blast ! " Man says he and friend escaped from men trying to take foreigners hostage Dubai-based man said shooting , grenades like "  in video games " No reports , sites have been vetted for accuracy
CNN  -- In the wake of the shooting rampage at the Washington Navy Yard on Monday that left 13 dead , we have seen the resurrection of an all-too-familiar debate : Did violent video games make the killer do it ? Reports suggest that the gunman , Aaron Alexis , played quite a bit of violent video games . Friends have said to reporters that his heavy game use , described as up to 16 hours at a time , may help explain his actions . Just as quickly , video game fans have jumped to defend the violent first-person shooting games . "  Do n't Blame Violent Video Games for Monday 's Mass Shooting " said the headline of an Atlantic op-ed . The problem is that people are looking for a yes-or-no answer about the role of video games in violence , when there is none . Violent video games alone likely did n't cause Alexis to go on his rampage . But these games are n't harmless , either . Recent reports suggest he may have been mentally ill and had anger control issues . But it is n't hard to believe that video game use may have been a contributing factor . My colleagues and I found that typical college students who played violent video games for 20 minutes at a time for three consecutive days showed increasingly higher levels of aggressive behavior each day they played . If that 's what happens to typical college students , how might someone like Alexis react to playing for 16 straight hours ? What if he does this for months or years ? Other researchers have found similar results . My colleagues and I conducted a comprehensive review of 136 articles reporting 381 effects involving over 130,000 participants around the world . These studies show that violent video games increase aggressive thoughts , angry feelings , physiological arousal  e.g. , heart rate , blood pressure  , and aggressive behavior . Violent games also decrease helping behavior and feelings of empathy for others . The effects occurred for males and females of all ages , regardless of what country they lived in . Despite the evidence , many people still deny violent media effects for a variety of reasons that I summarized in a Psychology Today piece . Alexis was not the first mass killer to have an obsession with violent video games . Adam Lanza , who killed 26 children in an elementary school in Newtown , Connecticut , was also said to be a fan of first-person shooting games . Other killers have been found to be avid players . The effects of these games go beyond making players more aggressive . In our research , we found that people who played first-person shooting games were more accurate than others when firing a realistic gun at a mannequin -- and more likely to aim for and hit the head . Police have n't released details of the Navy Yard shootings , but it is possible that Alexis was a more accurate shooter because of the time he spent playing video games . That 's an inconvenient fact that you do n't often hear defenders of the games talk about . But the argument I hear most often is that video games ca n't be dangerous because millions of people play these games without becoming violent . No doubt , most players do n't become violent . That 's because they come from good homes , are n't victims of bullying , do n't have mental health issues , and do n't have many of the other risk factors for violence . But what about players who already are predisposed to violence ? Killers like Aaron Alexis are n't typical . They have a lot going against them , such as mental illness . Violent video games are just one more factor that may be pushing them toward violence . We do n't have a lot of control over many of the factors that can contribute to violent behavior . But we have some control over violent video games . We can make it more difficult to get access to them . We can strengthen our laws against teens acquiring these games . Parents can keep the games out of their homes and help their children avoid them at friends ' houses . As a society , we should do all we can to make violent rampages like the one in Washington less likely , even if we ca n't stop them entirely . Controlling the use of violent video games is one step we can take to help protect our society from violence . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Brad Bushman .	Aaron Alexis killed 13 people at Washington Navy Yard on Monday Brad Bushman : Does playing violent video games contribute to aggression ? He says violent games alone may not push people to kill , but they are n't harmless Bushman : Playing video games can make players more aggressive
Hong Kong  CNN  -- China has urged U.S. President Barack Obama to call off a meeting at the White House with Tibetan spiritual leader the Dalai Lama that 's scheduled to take place Friday . "  By arranging a meeting between the President and the Dalai Lama , the U.S. side will grossly interfere in the internal affairs of China , seriously violate norms governing international relations and severely impair China-U.S. relations , " Chinese Foreign Ministry Spokeswoman Hua Chunying said in a statement Friday . The White House on Thursday announced the planned meeting between Obama and the Dalai Lama , who lives in exile . Obama has met with the Dalai Lama twice before , in February 2010 and July 2011 . China responded to those meetings with similarly angry comments . Beijing accuses the Dalai Lama of being a separatist who foments unrest in Tibet , a region it claims has been part of China since "  ancient times . " The Dalai Lama , who fled to India in 1959 after a failed uprising , has long denied China 's assertion that he 's seeking Tibetan independence . He says he wants only enough autonomy to protect its traditional Buddhist culture . The Obama administration says it supports the Dalai Lama 's "  Middle Way " approach to the political tensions over protests for Tibetan independence . "  The United States recognizes Tibet to be a part of the People 's Republic of China and we do not support Tibetan independence , " said National Security Council spokeswoman Caitlin Hayden . "  The United States strongly supports human rights and religious freedom in China . " Concerns over human rights Over the past five years , at least 125 Tibetans have set themselves on fire , most of them fatally , to protest Chinese rule , according to Tibetan advocacy groups . Beijing has taken a tough line on Tibetan self-immolators , their associates and other forms of protest . Tibetans have been convicted of murder in Chinese courts for "  inciting " people to set themselves on fire . The frequency of self-immolations declined during 2013 , according to the London-based advocacy group Free Tibet . "  We are concerned about continuing tensions and the deteriorating human rights situation in Tibetan areas of China , " Hayden said . "  We will continue to urge the Chinese government to resume dialogue with the Dalai Lama or his representatives , without preconditions , as a means to reduce tensions . " China rejects accusations of oppression , saying that under its rule , living standards have greatly improved for the Tibetan people . Beijing has "  lodged solemn representations " with the United States over the planned meeting Friday , saying "  Tibet-related affairs fall entirely within the internal affairs of China which allow no foreign interference , " Hua of the Chinese foreign ministry said . A meeting between British Prime Minister David Cameron and the Dalai Lama last year cast a chill over relations between London and Beijing , delaying a visit to China by Cameron . CNN 's Steven Jiang contributed to this report .	The White House announces the meeting will take place Friday in Washington Beijing says that by holding it , Washington will " severely impair China-U.S. relations " China accuses the Dalai Lama of being a separatist who foments unrest in Tibet But he denies he 's seeking independence , saying he only want to protect Tibetan culture
CNN  -- At first glance , the contorted limbs and faceless forms in Patrice Letarnec 's photographs look like a wackier version of the 1990s trend of wearing your clothes backwards . But Letarnec 's photo series "  Walking Upside Down , " which features people doing handstands with their clothes on upside down , is a far departure from hip-hop sensation Kriss Kross ' dated fashion trend . The French photographer explains that the silliness of his images is actually a form of social commentary . His photo series was inspired by the French expression "  marcher sur la tÃªte " -- walking on your head , a colloquial phrase for acting foolishly . "  Walking on your head shows the absurdity of human behavior , " he told CNN through a translator . "  We do silly things , humans do silly things . " The characters of his photo series are set in public spaces throughout Paris . Letarnec wanted to highlight the architecture of French buildings against the absurd poses that his characters were doing . The combination of strangely intriguing poses and whimsical Parisian settings became instantly popular after he uploaded his photographs to his tumblr with various bloggers reposting his images online He came up with the concept in December 2013 and drew out poses that he wanted his characters to be in for the photographs . While attempting to do a handstand against a wall in his Nantes studio , he realized he needed skilled people who were capable of standing on their hands for this type of photo shoot . Letarnec contacted Parisian schools to find dancers who were interested in being a part of his project . His inquiries were greeted with enthusiasm , and several dancers lined up to participate . But they did face some interesting challenges . "  During the series , one of the dancers said they could not do the walking handstands because in order to walk on their hands they had to see the horizon . And in the series , their heads are covered by clothing , " he said . "  I was so nervous this project was n't going to happen . " But after several takes , the dancers grew comfortable with the walking handstands and started loosening up , adding their own personal movements to the photographs . The 44-year-old artist was thrilled to see his characters add their own interpretation to the series . Letarnec currently works at an ad agency and said his true passion is n't necessarily photography , but contemporary art . For him , photography is a medium to capture an idea , like this one . He was drawn to his "  Walking Upside Down " project because he wanted take a surreal idea , and shoot it in a realistic way , without using any lighting effects or photo editing software in his work . "  In the U.S. people might see this just as a series of silly photos , but it 's a social commentary , " he said . "  I tried to show a funny way to send a message about human behavior . I think French people may be more sensitive to these photos because of the expression . " Either way , Letarnec said he embraces the idea that people find the series fun , and said the photos are supposed to seem silly .	Artist Patrice Letarnec strives to show human foolishness through his photographs Dancers pose standing on hands and wearing their clothes on upside down Letarnec tries to evoke absurdity in his photographs in a fun and silly way , he says
CNN  -- U.S. authorities are tightening up domestic security measures ahead of a possible U.S. military attack on Syria . The FBI and the Department of Homeland Security are warning of a higher risk of cyber attacks after months of similar disruptions by hackers known as the Syrian Electronic Army . One such attack brought down the website of The New York Times in recent days , and authorities say more attacks are likely . Warnings from Iranian officials that any U.S. attack on Syria could be met with retaliation has also prompted warnings of possible terror threats in the United States or its interests abroad , U.S. law enforcement officials said . FBI officials have asked agents around United States to focus on ongoing investigations related to Syria and the surrounding region , checking in with contacts and informants , and "  redoubling their efforts , " as one official said . Iran and the Lebanese group Hezbollah have intervened in the 2-year-old Syrian civil war on the side of President Bashar al-Assad 's regime . The United States has blamed al-Assad 's regime for alleged chemical weapons attacks that have killed scores of civilians . Hezbollah is known to have extensive fundraising operations inside the United States , and authorities often worry those assets could be used for terrorism . Unlike previous U.S. military operations against Libya and Iraq , which prompted the FBI to conduct thousands of interviews with exiles living in the United States , FBI officials say the Syrian crisis is n't prompting such a move this time . Instead , law enforcement officials say they are trying to focus on cases already under way and working to develop any new information that signals possible retaliation against the United States . The Syrian diaspora in the United States amounts to fewer than 150,000 people with Syrian ancestry , according to 2010 U.S. Census estimates . Syrian immigrant communities in Pennsylvania , Illinois , New Jersey and elsewhere tend to be longstanding .	The FBI warns of a higher risk of cyber attacks Hackers known as the Syrian Electronic Army have been blamed for recent disruptions Iranian officials have warned that a U.S. attack on Syria could be met with retaliation
CNN  -- Rescuers searched for survivors Sunday after a landslide in northwestern Colombia killed at least 18 people and trapped dozens of others , Red Cross officials said . Workers were manually removing rubble as rescue dogs searched for signs of life , said Cesar Uruena , national relief director for the Colombian Red Cross . "  We have to be very careful , thinking of the people that could be alive , " he said . Heavy rains caused the landslide , which buried about 16 homes in the city of Manizales early Saturday morning , Red Cross spokesman Leandro Soto said . CNN affiliate Caracol showed images of buckled rooftops jutting out beneath a massive mound of earth . "  We can not lose hope . We are still hoping to find more people alive , " Soto said . Thirteen people have been rescued from the rubble , Soto said , including five whom crews pulled out Saturday night , 15 hours after the landslide . Sixteen people were being treated for injuries , Uruena said . About 100 rescuers were working in shifts at the scene , he said . Psychological support teams were also on hand to counsel victims and their families , Soto said .	NEW : Rescuers are manually removing rubble as rescue dogs search for signs of life A landslide buries 16 homes in Manizales , Colombia Red Cross : 18 people were killed , and dozens more are missing "  We can not lose hope . We are still hoping to find more people alive , " a spokesman says
CNN  -- Your own hammam , a personal chef and a chauffeur to smooth your way to the slopes -- they 're all part of the package for the ultra upper-crust skier . In fact , the après-ski 's so tempting at these sumptuous retreats you might be tempted to skip the skiing altogether . Chalet Bella Coola , Verbier , Switzerland If you seek your thrills off-piste as much as on , this is the place : goodies include a hammam for rapid defrosting , a 10-meter heated indoor pool and a Champagne bar . The crisp Swiss air should cure any effects of overindulgence -- and the chalet 's setting , sandwiched between the Medran and Savoleyres lift stations , puts you on top of the main network of pistes above Verbier . You could plot your entire day 's skiing from the floor-to-ceiling windows , the view extending to that toasty pool . Chalet Bella Coola ; +41 79 412 7398 ; from CHF31 ,700  $ 32,650  a week Chalet Le Coquelicot , Courchevel 1850 , France Britain 's Prince Harry , the Kazakh president Nursultan Nazarbayev and assorted Russian oligarchs might , based on reported past attendance , be among your fellow skiers at so-called "  Paris in the snow . " Where to retire from all the paparazzi , gawkers and generally less fortunate people when you 've finished skiing for the day ? Prime pick is the ski-in/ski-out Chalet Le Coquelicot . The 10-meter private pool , plus steam and massage rooms should soothe any aching limbs . But it 's the lavish extras , including butler and private-jet transfer  if needed  , that seal its elite status . If you only had your own private mountain to ski on , too , you would n't have to mingle with ordinary people at all . Chalet Le Coquelicot ; +44 203 465 9130 ; from $ 52,945 a week Chalet One Oak , Megève , France Megève may have lost out to Courchevel as the premier luxury ski resort but , with lodgings such as Chalet One Oak , it 's hardly slumming it . The tiger skin on the black slate floor and the Harley Davidson in the entrance hall make for a décor that 's more rap star cool than classic chalet chic , and if Jay-Z has n't already checked in he should be given a freebie for promotional purposes . Doubtless he 'd appreciate the black-granite surrounds of the "  rain shower " in the master suite , plus Jacuzzi and log fire . And if he considered skiing rather than shooting his next video on site , the chalet 's mere minutes from the resort of Megève , with 124 slopes -- or 30 mountain restaurants , depending on your preference . Then again , Chalet One has its own chef . Chalet One Oak ; +44 1242 547705 ; from $ 24,135 per weekve Chalet Artemis , St Anton , Austria Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie are among the A-listers to have been papped at St Anton , a destination blessed with good snowfall at low latitudes . The hexagonal Chalet Artemis is plugged as the resort 's "  flagship " chalet -- though with four floors it feels more like an entire boutique hotel . There 's a lift to the L-shaped living space on the top floor , but it 's on the lower ground level where the fun really begins : the "  wellness area " there includes a swimming pool , sauna , in - and outdoor hot tubs and a massage room with beauty therapist on call . Plus there 's a private 12-seater cinema for when you 've toweled off . Step outside and you 'll find yourself in the resort suburb of Nasserein , a 10-minute drive from the action . Not that you 'll need to walk -- residents get a chauffeured 4x4 . Chalet Artemis ; +44  0  208 682 5050 ; from $ 3,415 per person , per week , based on 12 sharing Villa Gella , Pamporovo , Bulgaria As one of Europe 's most southerly resorts -- and among its sunniest skiing spots -- Pamporovo is on the up . The Rhodope Mountains rival the Alps on looks alone -- and that 's before you consider the excellent snow falling from December to April . Newcomer Villa Gella might not quite compete with the most exclusive Swiss and French resorts but this is a sweet retreat , nonetheless . Beside the inevitable pool big enough for a neighborhood gym , there are six bedrooms with en suites and piste-view horizontal windows that look like the widest widescreen TVs you can imagine . The wooden dining table stretching along the al fresco terrace -- which overlooks distant Plovdiv , one of the world 's oldest cities -- provides a rustic touch but , do n't fret , you need n't cook anything . The in-villa manager and chef free guests from lifting ski-tired limbs unnecessarily . Villa Gella ; +359 888 566 872 ; from $ 11,780 week a week San Lorenzo Mountain Lodge , Dolomites , Italy ver Voted Italy 's Best Ski Chalet at the last World Ski Awards , this former hunting lodge mingles cozy with chic . Creature comforts at the 16th-century retreat deep in Dolomites forest include a Finnish sauna , Turkish bath and vast stone wine cellar with vintages from South Tyrol and beyond . Snowbirds flock here for the cross-country and alpine skiing around Fanes Nature Park and the Plan de Corones . Hands-on owners Giorgia and Stefano can arrange alternative activities including winter paragliding and Porcini-mushroom hunting -- the top onsite chef will cook your foraged finds . San Lorenzo Mountain Lodge , 39030 San Lorenzo di Sebato ; +39 474 404042 ; from $ 3,260 per day based on two guests  plus $ 135 a day per additional adult Solhyllan Lodge , Björkliden , Sweden Set in the wilderness of Swedish Lapland , 250 kilometers inside the Arctic Circle , remote Björkliden suits the more intrepid skier . Its 25 pistes include four black and 10 red runs , as well as easier slopes . The Black diamond runs and off-piste trails are for the truly firm-thighed ; heli-skiing and snowmobile safaris are also on the menu . But even this testing terrain need n't preclude a little luxury -- or a lot . Solhyllan Lodge , part of the Hotell Fjällby , has the de rigeur sauna and Jacuzzi beneath the stars , as well as a dedicated chef preparing gastronomic five-course meals . Higher levels of luxury -- literally -- are available at the same hotel 's Låktatjåkko Mountain Lodge . At 1,228 meters above sea level , it 's Sweden 's highest-set mountain abode . Hotel Fjällby ; +44 1483 425 465 ; from 24,990 SEK  $ 3,838  per week	Chalet Bella Coola , in Switzerland , has its own hammam for après-ski defrosting A butler and private-jet transfer are one Courchevel lodge 's claim to fame A Swedish ski retreat within the Arctic Circle lays on luxury at serious altitude
CNN  -- A patient from a research station in Antarctica is being treated at a hospital in Christchurch , New Zealand , according to the National Science Foundation . The patient "  may require immediate corrective surgery best delivered at a more capable facility than is available at McMurdo , " the foundation , which manages the U.S. Antarctic Program , said in a statement . "  The facility at McMurdo is equivalent to an urgent-care center in the U.S. , and is not equipped for the type of procedure being contemplated . " The patient 's identity has not been revealed publicly , an no condition report has been issued . An Australian medical team , which had been asked by the United States to assist , flew into the remote research base on an A319 Airbus from Christchurch . The team landed on an ice runway at McMurdo Station about 1:15 p.m. Thursday  9:15 p.m. ET Wednesday  , said Patti Lucas , spokeswoman for the Australian Antarctic Division . They got a chilly reception : temperatures Thursday were -13 degrees Fahrenheit  -25 Celsius  , according to the U.S. Antarctic Program . The plane was airborne and en route with the patient back to Christchurch within about 75 minutes , said Debbie Wing , a spokeswoman for the U.S. National Science Foundation , which oversees the facility . The plane landed at 7 p.m. Thursday in Christchurch  3 a.m. Thursday ET  , the science foundation said . The patient was in stable condition before the plane 's arrival , said Wing , adding that she could not say whether the person 's condition is life-threatening . The mission to the hub of the U.S. Antarctic Program was occurring during the Antarctic winter , when there is little daylight for six months . The Australian team was enlisted to carry out the rescue because no U.S. aircraft was in a position to respond quickly , the NSF said in a statement . The U.S. , Australian and New Zealand research programs in the Antarctic "  have existing agreements under which such assets may be shared as needed , " the statement said . From the archives : Stranded American researcher rescued from South Pole Wing said she could not say whether the patient had become sick or injured while at the facility , but she noted that anyone contemplating a trip to the facility must first pass "  a very rigorous health screening process . " McMurdo can accommodate nearly 1,500 people , but only some 60 to 70 people stay there during the winter , when the extreme weather precludes regular flights , Wing said . From the archives : Doctor rescued from Antarctica in 1999 dies at 57 The station , established in 1955 , is built on volcanic rock on Ross Island , the solid ground farthest south that is accessible by ship , according to the NSF , an independent U.S. government agency . The station is equipped with landing strips built on sea ice and shelf ice , as well as a helicopter pad . Researchers there conduct studies in astrophysics , biology , medicine , geology , glaciology and ocean and climate systems . In 2010 , New Zealand 's air force -- in two separate incidents -- evacuated two Americans from McMurdo . Last October , the U.S. Air Force rescued an American researcher who had suffered a suspected stroke while working at the South Pole . She was flown from the South Pole to McMurdo Station , then on to Christchurch . In 1999 , a then-47-year-old U.S. physician found a lump in her breast while stationed at the Amundsen-Scott South Pole Research Station . Dr. Jerri Nielsen diagnosed herself with breast cancer and commenced treatment on herself with chemotherapeutic agents that were parachuted to the station . It was later revealed , according to a March 2009 article in the Detroit Free Press , that Nielsen -- an emergency room doctor from Cleveland , Ohio -- had performed a biopsy on herself with the help of non-medical crew , who practiced using needles on a raw chicken . Her cancer returned and Nielsen , then 57 , died in 2009 . Antarctic ice shelves ` tearing apart ' Satellite documents thinning ice shelf	A person from Antarctic research station is being treated at a New Zealand hospital The patient has not been publicly identified , nor has a condition been released A rescue plan landed on an ice runway at McMurdo Station The station is the hub of the U.S. Antarctic Program
CNN  -- Auburn quarterback Cam Newton won the 2010 Heisman Trophy on Saturday night , his on-field heroics enough to overcome off-the-field questions about his role in a purported pay-for-play scheme . Newton bested a field that included Oregon running back LaMichael James , Stanford quarterback Andrew Luck , and Boise State quarterback Kellen Moore . The award , given in New York City , is voted on by hundreds of media members and past winners . The junior from College Park , Georgia , leads Auburn , the nation 's top-ranked team . The Tigers will play likewise undefeated Oregon on Jan. 10 in the Bowl Championship Series title game for what amounts to a national championship . Newton has thrown for 28 touchdowns and run for another 20 scores this season , helping the Tigers win the Southeastern Conference Championship . His performance came despite his being dogged all fall by allegations that his services were being shopped around before he landed at Auburn . On November 30 , the NCAA cleared him to play -- one day after Auburn declared him ineligible because the interscholastic sports body had determined there had been a violation of amateurism rules . The NCAA changed course , it said , after concluding that Newton was n't aware that his father , the Rev. Cecil Newton , and an unnamed owner of a scouting service tried to market the star quarterback "  as a part of a pay-for-play scenario in return for Newton 's commitment to attend college and play football . " It has been widely reported that the school involved in the attempt was Mississippi State . The NCAA said that , given the information it had at the time , it did "  not have sufficient evidence that Cam Newton or anyone from Auburn was aware of this activity . " Auburn did limit Newton 's father 's access to its athletic program and Mississippi State has cut off relations with the other person , the NCAA said . The Rev. Newton did not attend Saturday 's Heisman presentation , though Cam 's mother , Jackie Newton , was in the audience .	Auburn 's Cam Newton wins the Heisman Trophy as college football 's best player He is the quarterback of top-ranked Tigers , who will play in the national title game NCAA cleared him to play after probe of pay-for-play scheme
Republicans hoping to secure yet another House victory in their already substantial majority won in the 2014 midterm election are on edge as GOP candidate Martha McSally 's lead over incumbent Rep. Ron Barber has dwindled down to a mere 161 votes , a margin small enough to trigger an automatic recount . This will be the state 's first-ever congressional recount . Emerging from election night , McSally led Barber by a mere 36 votes . But technical difficulties later triggered a recount for early votes in Cochise County -- a predominantly Republican area -- that gave McSally a slightly greater lead . Weeks later , Barber tried to cut McSally 's lead by challenging a decision by election officials to reject 133 votes from two predominantly liberal counties . But on Thursday , a Tucson federal judge denied the request . Team Barber files suit in uncalled House race The recount procedure in the Arizona is expected to take about two weeks with a final certification -- and presumably a final winner -- determined by Tuesday , December 16 . Barber was elected to Congress in 2012 after his boss , former Rep. Gabby Giffords , was shot in the head and severely wounded outside an Arizona supermarket . McSally , a retired Air Force colonel , challenged Barber -- who also suffered two gunshot wounds in the parking lot attack -- for the seat . Barber won his first election with less than 1 percent of the vote in Arizona 's second congressional district . The recount procedure in the Arizona is expected to take about two weeks with a final certification -- and presumably a final winner -- determined by Tuesday , December 16 . The new House balance of power currently stands at 244 Republicans , 188 Democrats and three districts undecided : Gifford 's seat and Louisiana 's fifth and sixth congressional district . Republicans have a net gain of at least 10 seats and could have a net gain of up to 13 seats , depending on the outcome of this race , as well as two races in Louisiana .	The race for former Rep. Gabby Giffords ' seat is down to the wire Incumbent Rep. Ron Barber , D-Arizona , trails his GOP opponent Martha McSally by 161 votes A recount will be complete by Tuesday , December 16
Arrest warrants have been issued for two Americans accused of stealing adult and infant body parts from a museum inside a Thai hospital and trying to ship them to Las Vegas . But the two men have already left Thailand despite being interviewed by police . The Americans , Ryan Edward McPherson and Daniel Jamon Tanner , told police they wanted to surprise their friends back home , Royal Thai Police Deputy Commissioner Gen. Ruangsak Jritake said Monday . It 's unclear whether McPherson or Tanner have attorneys . So far , they have not able to be reached for comment . A delivery company uncovered the macabre shipment . On Saturday , a DHL office in Thailand 's Pathum Thani province called police after workers there were scanning shipments and discovered the body parts inside three packages . The packages contained five acrylic plastic boxes , Ruangsak said . One box contained an infant 's head ; another contained a baby 's left foot , which was sliced into three pieces , the police official said . The other acrylic boxes contained an adult heart and adult skin . Flea market claim Over the weekend , police said they had talked to an American who was trying to send the parcels to the United States but could n't bring any charges against him because they were n't sure what laws applied to the case . At the time , police said the American told them he found the infant body parts at a night flea market and that he had paid about $ 100 for them -- though he could not remember where the market was located . But on Monday , authorities revealed more details on the case . All the body parts were stolen from the Siriraj Medical Museum within Bangkok 's Siriraj Hospital , the largest hospital in Thailand , Ruangsak said . The body parts were taken from the forensic medicine museum and anatomical museum . Police said closed-circuit video from the hospital showed two men identified as McPherson and Tanner . "  The two foreigners definitely visited our museum , but we can not see from the CCTV camera that they stole those items , " said Udom Kachintorn , dean of the hospital 's faculty of medicine . "  It is evidence that confirms the two foreigners are linked to the missing items . " Police said they were also investigating whether museum employees or other local people were involved in the theft . Arrest warrants issued A Thai criminal court approved arrest warrants for the two men on charges of theft from a government hospital , as well as breaching customs law , police said Tuesday . If convicted , McPherson and Tanner could face up to seven years in prison or a fine of up to 500,000 Thai baht  $ 15,200  . But the Americans have already left Thailand for Cambodia . Thai police said they would send the arrest warrants to the Bangkok office of Interpol , the international police agency , to try to trace the men . They also said they were in touch with Cambodian police directly and had asked the FBI , through the U.S. Embassy in Bangkok , to gather information on the packages ' destinations . Officials at the U.S. embassies in Thailand and Cambodia said they were aware of reports about the case but could n't comment , citing privacy concerns . Black market for body parts The bizarre discovery is not the first time infant remains have been found in Thailand . In 2010 , more than 2,000 illegally aborted fetuses were recovered at a Buddhist temple in Bangkok . Infant body parts can be bought on the Thai black market . Some Thais practice black magic and believe that supernatural power comes from infant body parts , if the rites are performed by monks or sorcerers . They believe that having the items provides protection and business success and can ward off bad luck . In 2010 , police said the smell of decay led investigators to the Phai-nguern Chotinaram temple in central Bangkok , where they discovered more than 2,000 illegally aborted fetuses . Three people were arrested , including two morticians who were charged with hiding bodies . According to the hospital museum website , for 120 years , "  Siriraj Hospital has collectively gathered an enormous compilation of medical equipments and tools , anatomical and clinical specimens including important artifacts and archives relating to the history of medicine in Thailand . "	If convicted , the two Americans could face 7 years in prison or be fined $ 15,200 The two suspects have left Thailand and are now in Cambodia Thai police are contacting Interpol and Cambodian police to try to trace them Officials : The body parts were stolen from a hospital ; video shows the two Americans
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- A sudden surge of pirate attacks off the coast of eastern Somalia in recent days has prompted the U.S. military to put out a new alert to mariners , warning of increased danger in the region . International naval patrols have been stepped up in the Gulf of Aden following increased pirate attacks . The warning came shortly before a U.S.-flagged ship was believed hijacked early Wednesday off Somalia . The pirate attacks , which took place south of the area patrolled by U.S. and coalition ships , shows pirates are changing their tactics and taking advantage of tens of thousands of square miles of open water where fewer military ships patrol , according to U.S. military officials . "  They -LSB- pirates -RSB- are going where we are not , they are looking for targets where there is limited coalition presence , " according to a U.S. military briefing document shown to CNN . Coalition ships mainly patrol in the busy sea lanes of the Gulf of Aden between Yemen and northern Somalia as ships come out of and head toward the mouth of the Red Sea . "  Despite increased naval presence in the region , ships and aircraft are unlikely to be close enough to provide support to vessels under attack . The scope and magnitude of the problem can not be understated , " according to a news release from the U.S. Navy . Between January and February , only two pirate attacks were reported off the east coast of Somalia , according to the International Maritime Bureau , which tracks piracy attacks worldwide . In March , attacks in the same area spiked to 15 , according to the bureau , and the attacks have continued into April . On Monday , pirates seized a British-owned cargo ship in the Gulf of Aden . Also on Monday , a fishing trawler was hijacked and used to hijack other fishing vessels in the area , the bureau said . Pirates typically use small boats with a limited range to attack ships just a few miles off the coastline . The new warning says recent attacks have occurred hundreds of miles off the coast , suggesting that pirates are using more "  mother ships " -- a practice of using bigger boats with longer range to launch smaller pirate ships from farther out to sea , according to Pentagon officials . The U.S. Department of Transportation 's Maritime Liaison Office also issued a warning to mariners April 1 . "  Recent activity suggests that pirate activity off the east coast of Somalia has increased . Attacks have occurred more than 400 nautical miles offshore , " according to the warning . The warning suggests ships traveling along the coast of Somalia and Kenya move to the east side of the Seychelles Islands and Madagascar , hundreds of miles east of those coastlines . Pentagon officials say pirates are holding 15 ships off the Somali coast . And according to U.S. Navy statistics , pirates attacked four ships between Saturday and Monday . The area involved -- off the coast of Somalia and Kenya as well as the Gulf of Aden -- equals more than 1.1 million square miles , roughly four times the size of Texas , or the size of the Mediterranean and Red Sea combined . The length of the Somali coastline is roughly the same length as the entire Eastern Seaboard of the United States , according to U.S. Navy statistics . "  We continue to highlight the importance of preparation by the merchant mariners and the maritime industry in this message , " Vice Adm. Bill Gortney , commander of the Combined Maritime Forces , said in a statement . "  International naval forces alone will not be able to solve the problem of piracy at sea . Piracy is a problem that starts ashore , " he said . This year , the U.S. Navy started Combined Task Force 151 , a multinational coalition that uses naval ships to fight piracy in the Gulf of Aden region . Navy officials say about 12 to 15 coalition ships are patrolling in the Gulf of Aden and the off the coast of Somalia .	NEW : U.S.-flagged ship carrying Americans reportedly hijacked off Somalia Officials say pirates now working in areas where fewer military ships patrol Navy says ships , aircraft unlikely to be close enough to aid vessels under attack International Maritime Bureau says attacks in area spiked to 15 in March
CNN  -- An Afghan soldier shot and killed a NATO soldier Monday in southern Afghanistan , high-ranking officials from the country 's National Directorate for Security said . NATO 's International Security Assistance Force said an "  individual wearing an Afghan National Army uniform turned his weapon against " an ISAF service member , "  killing the service member . " Afghan officials confirmed that the man who did the firing was an Afghan soldier . In another incident , two ISAF service members died after an improvised explosive device attack in eastern Afghanistan , NATO said . The nationalities of the service members were not immediately released . Separately , Afghan and coalition forces repelled an attack on the provincial reconstruction team headquarters in the Herat district of Herat province on Monday , ISAF Joint Command said in a statement . Insurgents trying to get inside the compound attacked the headquarters with a vehicle-borne IED and small-arms fire , but Afghan and coalition forces returned fire , killing several insurgents , it said . Several ISAF service members were wounded . The incidents took place a day after NATO apologized for an airstrike that killed nine civilians in southern Afghanistan . Maj. Gen. John Toolan , head of the ISAF command in southwest Afghanistan , apologized "  on behalf of the coalition " and its top leaders , including U.S. Army Gen. David Petraeus . He also pleaded with Afghans to work with coalition forces to bolster security . Earlier , Afghan and NATO officials said the attack -- an airstrike Saturday in Helmand province -- had killed a dozen children and two women . There was no immediate explanation for the disparity between these figure and the toll of nine civilians offered Sunday by Toolan , who also noted that a U.S. Marine was killed immediately before the strike . Afghan President Hamid Karzai condemned the airstrike and said he was warning the U.S military and government "  for the last time " on behalf of the Afghan people about civilian deaths . He called the operation a mistake . Journalist Reshad Fazel contributed to this report .	NEW : An attack on Afghan and coalition forces in the Herat district is repelled A shooter who kills an ISAF service member is part of the Afghan army , officials say The incident is under investigation Two ISAF service members die after an IED attack
The Basque separatist group ETA announced Thursday a "  definitive cessation of its armed activity " in a statement published on the website of Gara , a newspaper that the group has used to convey messages in the past . Listed as a terrorist organization by Spain , the United States and the European Union , ETA is blamed for hundreds of deaths in its decades-long fight for an independent Basque state that it wants carved out of sections of northern Spain and southwestern France . Thursday 's announcement follows a recent push for the group to abandon violence permanently . That effort was led by international figures who include Sinn Fein leader Gerry Adams of Northern Ireland and former U.N. Secretary-General Kofi Annan . In a nationally televised address hours after the announcement was posted , Prime Minister Jose Luis Rodriguez Zapatero termed ETA 's announcement as being of "  transcendental importance " and a "  victory for democracy . " "  Ours will be a democracy without terrorism , but not without memory , " Zapatero said , referring to 829 people killed by ETA and their families . The prime minister praised Spanish police , Civil Guard personnel , the intelligence agency and judicial authorities "  who have contributed to this end . " Zapatero also singled out France -- which has traditionally been used as a rearguard base for ETA -- and its president , Nicolas Sarkozy , for their assistance . The prime minister said that it would be up to Spain 's next government -- which will be formed after parliamentary elections on November 20 -- to lead the peace process . Zapatero , whose popular standing has soured amid Spain 's deep economic crisis , is not running for a third term . Soon after he was first elected , in 2004 , the police intensified their crackdown on ETA as the group 's popularity among some segments of Basque society began to wane . In its own statement Thursday , ETA called of "  enormous significance " a one-day meeting held Monday in which Adams , Annan and other leaders met in San Sebastian , a principal Basque city , and called for peace . After that conference -- which did not include representatives from the Spanish government , the Basque regional government or the main opposition party in Spain , the Popular Party -- former Irish Prime Minister Bertie Ahern read a statement calling for ETA to issue a declaration akin to what it made on Thursday . The leaders also called on the Spanish and French governments to welcome it and "  agree to talks exclusively to deal with the consequences of the conflict . " European Commission President Jose Manuel Barroso hailed ETA 's move Friday as "  a truly historic moment which ends years of terror and attacks on Spanish society . " The development "  marks the culmination of years of unceasing efforts in the fight against terrorism , " he said , as he congratulated Spain on its efforts to combat ETA . Police have cracked down in recent years on ETA in Spain and France , leaving it operationally weak . There have been numerous statements from the Basque group calling for talks or a peace process of some sort , but all falling short of declaring a definitive end to violence . The Spanish government has said that since ETA has broken cease-fires in the past , only an authoritative statement that it is putting down its arms for good will do . In its statement Thursday , the group outlined why now was the right time to make such a declaration . "  A new political time is emerging in the Basque Country , " ETA said . "  We have a historic opportunity to find a just and democratic solution for the centuries-old political conflict . " The group then added that "  dialogue and agreement " should predominate "  over violence and repression . " ETA urged the Spanish and French governments to conduct "  direct dialogue " aimed at addressing outstanding issues , while calling upon fellow Basques to commit to such a process . In remarks Thursday night at their respective political party headquarters in Madrid , the two main contenders to replace Zapatero cheered the development but did not detail what they would do next if they were to become prime minister . Alfredo Perez Rubalcaba , the candidate from Zapatero 's Socialist Party who until recently as Spain 's interior minister led the fight against ETA , said the announcement "  puts an end to decades of broken lives . " He called unity among Spanish parties and leaders the "  key to this victory , " and urged that this unified stance continue . "  Today , the ETA is not the protagonist , because the state of law has won , " Rubalcaba said . Soon after , Mariano Rajoy -- who opinion polls show holds a commanding lead heading into next month 's elections -- said that members of his conservative Popular Party take "  satisfaction " from ETA 's decision , which he insisted was not spurred by any political concessions . Rajoy called the announcement "  an important step , " while adding that Spain would rest fully "  only when there is the definitive dissolution " of ETA . Angeles Pedraza , the president of the Association of Victims of Terrorism , offered a similar stance in stating that her group will be satisfied only when ETA "  turns in its guns and disbands . " This sentiment was echoed by the leader of the moderate Basque Nationalist Party , Inigo Urkullu , who likewise called on the group to "  disarm and disband . "	European Commission chief Barroso hails a "  truly historic moment " Spain 's two top prime ministerial candidates call ETA 's move a "  victory " The Basque separatist group announces a "  definitive cessation of its armed activity " ETA calls for talks , saying "  a new political time is emerging in the Basque Country "
Washington  CNN  -- CIA Director John Brennan on Thursday defended harsh interrogation techniques as providing "  useful " information to authorities , including in the raid that led to the death of Osama bin Laden . But he said it is "  unknowable " what information could specifically be attributed to those techniques . "  It is our considered view that the detainees who were subjected to enhanced interrogation techniques provided information that was useful and was used in the ultimate operation to go against Bin Laden , " Brennan said . Brennan 's comments , in a rare news conference , come two days after a Senate panel released a blockbuster 528-page report detailing "  enhanced interrogation techniques " -- including mock executions , "  rectal rehydration , " sleep deprivation and beatings -- in interrogations in the mid-2000s . He admitted that some CIA officers ' actions were "  not authorized , were abhorrent and rightly should be repudiated by all . And we fell short in holding some officers accountable for their mistakes . " Brennan acknowledged that the agency sometimes exceeded its legal authority during interrogations of terrorism suspects . RELATED : CIA feared for future of interrogation program , report shows He said detainees who faced "  enhanced interrogation techniques " did provide some information that provided useful -- as well as other information that did n't . He said whether those interrogations had anything to do with that information is "  unknowable . " "  Let me be clear : We have not concluded that it was the EITs within that program that allowed us to obtain useful information from the detainees subjected to them , " he said . But he staunchly defended the agency during the 45-minute news conference , adding : "  CIA officers ' actions that did comport with the law and policy should neither be criticized nor conflated with the actions of the few who did not follow the guidance issued . " Brennan opened his remarks with a vivid depiction of the events of the Sept. 11 , 2001 terrorist attacks , and described the atmosphere going into fighting terrorism and collecting intelligence in the immediate aftermath of the attacks . "  There were no easy answers , and whatever your views are on -LSB- enhanced interrogation techniques -RSB- , our nation and in particular this agency did a lot of things right during this difficult time to keep this country strong and secured , " Brennan said . RELATED : Who is John Brennan ? Brennan praised those who worked with him but he added the agency was "  unprepared to conduct a detention and interrogation program , and our officers inadequately developed and monitored its initial activities . " Brennan never used the word "  torture " to describe the CIA 's tactics . And he deflected a question about whether , in the interest of transparency , he supported the Senate Intelligence Committee 's decision to release its report . "  I think there 's been more than enough transparency that 's happened over the last couple days , " he said . "  I think it 's over the top . " Brennan said it 's "  lamentable " that the Senate panel did n't conduct interviews with CIA agents -- a contrast , he said , with its handling of a report on Iraq 's lack of weapons of mass destruction , which included interviews with more than 200 officers . His strongest criticism of the report was with its contention that the CIA misled the public and government officials -- including then-President George W. Bush . That , Brennan said , is untrue -- a stance former Vice President Dick Cheney backed up in an interview with Fox News on Wednesday night . Still , he did n't fault the report 's finding that the CIA 's tactics were harsh and , at times , went beyond the legal authority Bush 's Justice Department said the agency had . "  Many aspects of their conclusions are sound and consistent with our own prior findings , " Brennan said . "  Over the years , internal agency reviews , including numerous investigations by our office of the inspector general , found fault in the CIA 's running of the program . We have acknowledged these mistakes . " Brennan was the CIA 's deputy executive director while the tactics were being used . He said he had "  some visibility " into what was happening , but that he was n't in the chain of command for that program , and did n't say whether he had made any effort to push for changes at the time . He also noted that the program for using "  enhanced interrogation techniques " was ended in 2007 . "  In light of the fact that these techniques were banned seven years ago , however , my fervent hope is that we can put aside this debate and move on to issues that are relevant to our current national security challenges , " Brennan said . Meanwhile , one of Brennan 's sharpest critics , Sen. Dianne Feinstein , the chairwoman of the committee behind the report , live-tweeted along with the press conference and sharply rebutted several points throughout his press conference . This story was updated to include additional information	CIA director John Brennan held a rare press conference on Thursday His remarks and answers come days after the Senate released a report on torture Brennan described the atmosphere in the agency that led to enhanced interrogation techniques
CNN  -- Pro wrestling legend Hulk Hogan , embroiled in a bitter divorce with his wife , Linda , told Rolling Stone magazine he can "  totally understand " O.J. Simpson , the former football great found liable for the deaths of his wife and another man . Linda and Hulk Hogan enjoy happier times at the 2006 MTV Video Music Awards in New York in 2006 . "  I could have turned everything into a crime scene like O.J. , cutting everybody 's throat , " Hogan said in the interview for a feature that will run in Friday 's edition of the magazine . "  You live half a mile from the 20,000-square-foot home you ca n't go to anymore , you 're driving through downtown Clearwater -LSB- Florida -RSB- and see a 19-year-old boy driving your Escalade , and you know that a 19-year-old boy is sleeping in your bed , with your wife ... "  I totally understand O.J. I get it , " Hogan said . A spokeswoman for Rolling Stone magazine confirmed the quote to CNN . Watch report on Hogan 's statements " It has been widely reported that Linda Hogan , 49 , is dating a younger man . She filed for divorce in 2007 after nearly 25 years of marriage . Simpson was found not guilty of murder in the 1994 stabbing deaths of his wife , Nicole Brown Simpson , and her friend , Ron Goldman , but was found liable for their deaths by a civil court jury . Simpson later was found guilty in a Las Vegas , Nevada , armed robbery case and sentenced in December to up to 33 years in prison . A spokesman for Linda Hogan said Wednesday that the statement amounts to a death threat and that her attorney is "  weighing all options necessary to protect his client . " "  Sadly , his recent comments remind us that his definition of fair is much different than what the law dictates , " Linda Hogan said in a written statement . Her spokesman , Gary Smith , linked the comments to the 55-year-old Hogan 's three-decade career , during which he held multiple championship titles and , during his heyday in the 1980s , was easily the most popular wrestler in the world . "  We have always maintained that the fear that Linda has had to live with comes from the rage and instability much too often associated with pro wrestlers , " Smith said in the statement . CNN was unable to reach Hulk Hogan 's publicist for comment on Wednesday . In comments to Access Hollywood , a spokesman said the comments were not intended as a threat and that Hogan "  in no way condones " Simpson 's actions . "  As part of a larger conversation , he referred to it to exemplify his frustration with his own situation , " the spokesman said . Hulk Hogan 's real name is Terry Bollea . His wife alternately goes by Linda Hogan and Linda Bollea . CNN 's Marc Balinsky and Doug Gross contributed to this report .	Hulk Hogan , in a bitter divorce with his wife , Linda , talks to Rolling Stone magazine "  I could have turned everything into a crime scene like O.J. , " Hogan said Spokesman for Linda Hogan says the statement amounts to a death threat Hulk Hogan spokesman : Comments not a threat , just expression of frustrations
CNN  -- Why are Iraqi politicians dragging their feet while ISIS militants fortify their foothold across the country ? Iraq 's lawmakers are simply not going to "  let a war get in the way of their political disputes , " as one expert succinctly put it last week . And while the country burns , her politicians remain deadlocked on who to appoint to key government posts following April 's national elections . Iraq 's new parliament convened for the first time on July 1 to elect a new speaker , but the session quickly descended into bickering between members of different parties and had to be rescheduled for July 8 . But little changed in the ensuing week -- and with all sides failing to reach agreement on who to appoint to the key posts of speaker , president and prime minister , the session was delayed again , until this weekend . Iraq 's political paralysis , even in the face of a threat as grave as ISIS ' sweep across huge swathes of the country , is a sign of just how difficult an agreement will be to reach . At the heart of the political problem lies incumbent Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki . His coalition secured a plurality of votes in the general elections , winning almost three times as many seats as the closest rival . But a third term for al-Maliki , a Shia Muslim , is a red line for Sunni , Kurdish and even rival Shia parties . MORE OPINION : Is Iran the only hope for peace ? If al-Maliki 's support is melting away , as it appears to be , why wo n't he just step down ? Al-Maliki 's intransigence may reflect a desire to ensure that his choice to succeed him -- his former chief of staff , who many believe is the most viable alternative candidate -- will be nominated without much resistance from the other political parties . "  Show him death and he will accept a fever " is an Iraqi proverb that helps explain al-Maliki 's insistence on remaining in power . Al-Maliki wants to exert enough pressure to ensure that the next government is formed on his terms even if he 's not at the head of it . This may include a seat on the Presidency council as a Deputy , but it will certainly include a guarantee that he will not be prosecuted if he steps down . Al-Maliki 's Shia rivals ca n't dictate the terms of the next government formation process because they face an uncomfortable reality : the Shias may have a majority in the new parliament , but the Maliki contingent has the vast majority of seats within that bloc . He may be excluded from heading the next government but his bloc can not be ignored . READ MORE : Signs of war in an Iraqi market This political paralysis is of course benefiting the various armed groups who do not believe in the political process and want to overthrow the post-2003 order . Iraq 's Sunni politicians may have been directly elected by the people , but the masked men of ISIS -- many of whom are foreigners -- are the ones who now hold sway in much of western and northwestern Iraq . Many Sunnis are flirting with the revolutionaries that want a complete overthrow of the current order because that order -- built on an ethno-sectarian model -- handicaps Sunnis , given their minority status . But changing the status quo is a red line for the Shia because it has brought them to the helm of power for the first time in Iraq 's modern history . The collapse of the political order is as much a red line for the Shia as it is for neighboring Iran , which enjoys close ties with their Shia allies in Baghdad . What to do in the face of this deadlock ? The best-case scenario now would be a speedy government formation that leads to a greater decentralization of power whilst maintaining the territorial integrity of Iraq . After 2010 's general election it took nine months of horse-trading to get the various Sunni , Kurdish and Shia parties to agree on how best to divide the spoils of state amongst themselves . Now , there is recognition that Iraq does not have the luxury of dithering . ISIS insurgents will continue wreaking havoc in Iraq because they do not believe in the democratic process . But if the Sunni political parties can buy in to the new government , it will take the air out of the insurgency and prove to the militants that politics can indeed work to secure more rights and privileges . The worst-case scenario would be the de facto splitting up of Iraq . There is a "  vital " Iraq that Iran and the Shia will fight to protect . This includes Baghdad , the city of Samarra to the north , the province of Diyala to the east and all nine Shia-dominated provinces in the south . Iranian-backed Shia militias have already mobilized to confront the insurgents and they will likely lead the efforts to secure this vital Iraq . If the political process fails yet again , the Shia would likely be willing to cede vast amounts of Sunni-dominated territory and the Kurdish-controlled province of Kirkuk in exchange for unrivaled supremacy in Baghdad and the strategic oil-producing province of Basra in the south . Iraq is on the brink of abyss again . Its leaders must act quickly . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of the author .	Iraqi lawmakers have been unable to appoint key posts despite security crisis in north , west of country Sunni terror group ISIS has seized large swathes of Iraqi and Syrian territory in recent months Nuri al-Maliki , Iraq 's embattled Prime Minister , refuses to step down despite growing opposition Al-Maliki appears to be holding out for as long as possible in order to influence new government
CNN  -- Cristiano Ronaldo scored his 23rd hat-trick for Real Madrid on Saturday as Real Sociedad were brushed aside 5-1 at the Bernabeu . The Portuguese maestro opened the scoring in the 12th minute before French striker Karim Benzema doubled the lead six minutes later . The game was effectively over eight minutes later when Ronaldo tucked away his second goal of the night from the penalty spot . Read more : BT beats Sky to Champions League rights Sami Khedira made it 4-0 in the 36th minute before the visitors reduced their arrears with Antoine Griezmann scoring in the 61st minute . Inevitably it was Ronaldo who had the last word , bagging his third and Real 's fifth with 14 minutes remaining . Read more : Bayern break Bundesliga record The win takes Carlo Ancelotti 's team to within three points of leaders Barcelona who are away to Real Betis on Sunday . Second-place Atletico Madrid also play Sunday traveling to Villarreal . In Saturday 's other La Liga fixtures , Athletic Bilbao move up to fifth after a 2-1 win against Levante while sixth-place Getafe drew 1-1 with Elche . Read more : Ronaldo criticizes Blatter 's ` disrespectful ' behavior Meanwhile in Serie A , Catania recorded only their second win of the season with 1-0 win over mid-table Udinese . Inter Milan continued their solid league form with a 2-0 win over Livorno . The result sees them stay fourth and moves them to within three points of second-place Napoli and third-place Juventus who meet in Turin on Sunday evening . League leaders Roma dropped their first points of the season last weekend with a 1-1 draw at Torino , but will expect to claim three points on Sunday as they entertain struggling Sassuolo .	Ronaldo nets another hat-trick as Real Madrid thrash Real Sociedad 5-1 La Liga leaders in action against Real Betis on Sunday Inter Milan keep in touch with top three in Serie A with a 2-0 win against Livorno
CNN  -- What does it mean when a white sorority wins a competition that African-American fraternities and sororities not only created but also consider an essential part of their cultural expression ? It means an uncomfortable discussion about race , history , culture and inclusivity that is not black and white . On February 20 , the University of Arkansas chapter of Zeta Tau Alpha , a predominantly white sorority , won the inaugural Sprite Step Off stepping competition , beating two predominantly black sororities . Stepping , which began in the 1960s , is a intricate rhythmic dance that features synchronized foot stomps , handclaps , choreographed movements and chants . The competition was fierce , and all of the competitors fought hard for the $ 100,000 first-place scholarship . But the results immediately sparked a firestorm within the African-American fraternal community , with many calling foul . How could a white sorority beat black sororities at our own art form ? Why were they even competing in the first place ? Some alleged that judges cheated , while others posited that the novelty of white women performing swayed the judges . To understand why this is a big deal , you have to understand that African-American fraternities and sororities are as close to the Animal House stereotype attached to white fraternities as Pat Boone is to hip-hop . Black fraternities and sororities , known as the Divine Nine , form the fiber of African-American leadership in this country and continue to produce the leaders of tomorrow . The nine predominantly African-American fraternities and sororities -- Alpha Phi Alpha Fraternity , Kappa Alpha Psi Fraternity , Omega Psi Phi Fraternity , Phi Beta Sigma Fraternity , Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority , Delta Sigma Theta Sorority , Zeta Phi Beta Sorority , Sigma Gamma Rho Sorority and Iota Phi Theta Fraternity -- were founded between 1906 and 1963 to support African-American college students in their quest not only to succeed on campus but to develop into college-educated leaders . The roster of Divine Nine members is a Who 's Who in African America : the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. , Jesse Jackson , Michael Jordan , Maya Angelou , Dorothy Height and over a million others count themselves as members . The civil rights movement is populated with Divine Nine members who developed leadership skills on college campuses . And the connection does n't end after graduation . African-American fraternal members spend thousand of hours doing service in alumni chapters , raising money for scholarships and mentoring at-risk people . Pride in one 's organization is paramount to Divine Nine members , and one way to express that is through stepping . Divine Nine fraternities and sororities take great pride in being original and innovative in their dances : highly coordinated , with elaborate costumes , and sometimes performed before thousands . It 's a point of pride to perform , but to win for the glory of your fraternity or sorority is the ultimate . So when Zeta Tau Alpha members won the Sprite Step Off , it was not just that they 'd beaten African-American sororities , it was seen as the first assault on yet another African-American cultural tradition that , if not guarded , would be appropriated from blacks like jazz and hip-hop . For many Americans , the notion of African-Americans having a separate culture , uninfluenced by other Americans , makes them uncomfortable . Is n't the point of civil rights to erase the color lines that separate and divide us ? And if we acknowledge that blacks have cultural traditions that have been nurtured within their own community , does that make blacks separate from whites ? This is where the nuances of race and culture come into play . Blacks are keenly aware of their otherness in this country . We 're proud to be Americans yet also proud that we 've built strong traditions that have sustained us through turbulent times . So we zealously protect those traditions from interlopers who may want to exploit or denigrate what we cherish . But this is the very reason why any African-American who dismissed the Zeta Tau Alpha win , or even the sorority 's right to participate in the competition on the basis of being white , was 100 percent wrong . We as African-Americans ca n't protect cultural expression by creating fences that exclude . Those fences never work . But we can demand that anyone who seeks inclusion , and wants to participate in our culture , does so with the same respect and honor that we as African-Americans demand of ourselves . By all accounts , the women of Zeta Tau Alpha did just that . And even later , when Sprite announced that Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority , the African-American sorority that had come in second , would also be awarded a first-place prize because of scoring irregularities , no one could dispute that in a subjective contest , Zeta Tau Alpha met the criteria for winning , regardless of skin color . And that 's something we as Divine Nine members should remember as we continue to strive to eliminate racism and bias . We ca n't fall victim to the same rationale that still is used to deny us first-class citizenship . As the leaders of college campuses and in the community , we must always fight for equality and demand that we 're judged based on our skill . And if we do n't do that , we lose much more than a stepping contest . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Lawrence C. Ross Jr. .	Lawrence Ross : White sorority won "  step " contest , dance form of black frats and sororities Ross : Black fraternities , sororities are all about creating leaders ; step is proud tradition Many in African-American fraternal community cried foul , he writes Ross warns against using same rationale that denies blacks first-class citizenship
ALPHARETTA , Georgia  CNN  -- Latin music pulses from the stereo as 40 women jump , shimmy and sway to the beat . Zumba is the most popular exercise class at one suburban Atlanta YMCA . It 's not a dance club . This is a regular morning exercise class at the YMCA in Alpharetta , Georgia . It 's called Zumba . Part dance , part aerobics , Zumba is an hourlong routine that works almost every muscle in the body . "  It is dance fitness , " explained Stephanie Maxim , one of two class instructors . "  We teach them moves that you can see on ` Dancing with the Stars ' : salsa , mambo , cha-cha , and we put it into a group fitness format . " "  It 's not like a workout , " explained Diane Walterstiel , 55 , of Alpharetta . "  Before I come , I 'm tense , but when I leave , I could kiss the world . " Nearly a year after being introduced at the YMCA in suburban Atlanta , Zumba is the most popular exercise offering at the facility . Alberto Perlman , co-founder and CEO of Zumba Fitness in Hollywood , Florida , was n't surprised when the concept took off not just in the United States but around the world . "  We turned exercise into a party , " Perlman declared . "  Zumba broke some of the rules of fitness . We used music in the original form instead of using step counts . " Perlman , whose background is in marketing , teamed up with Colombian dancer and choreographer Alberto "  Beto " Perez in Miami in 2001 . "  One day , Beto forgot his aerobics tapes , so he played his salsa and meringue songs during class in their original form , " Perlman said . "  People went crazy . They did n't feel like they were in a class with a drill sergeant . " Perlman said Perez decided to call the exercise Zumba , after the Colombian slang word meaning to buzz like a bee or move fast . Zumba is now a brand name . Since 2003 , Perlman 's group has trained 20,000 instructors around the world and sold more than 3 million DVDs on the Internet and through infomercials , he said . Heather Bleakman teamed up with Maxim to teach the Georgia YMCA session . She called the class a form of therapy . "  We see women change , " she said . "  We see their faces light up . " Bleakman stood at the front of the room and offered a high-impact version of Zumba for those who could keep up while Maxim focused on a slower low-impact routine . Maxim warned participants at the beginning of class to modify the exercise to fit their needs . She added that wearing proper footwear is one of the best ways to guard against injury . "  In Zumba , we do a lot of pivoting , so you 've got to have a shoe that has more of a flat base so you can move , or you 'll feel the torque in the knee , " Maxim cautioned . Lilieth Burke , 48 , of Alpharetta started attending Zumba classes a year ago and kept coming back because she appreciated "  the simple composition of dance moves . " Unlike other exercise workouts she 's tried , "  Zumba is not a punishment , " she said . Burke summed up the benefits : "  I feel fit , I sleep better , I feel better , I feel younger , and I feel I can live another 48 years . "	Set to original-form music , Zumba classes combine dancing and aerobics Since 2003 , more than 20,000 instructors have been trained worldwide Zumba adherents rave about its physical and psychological benefits
CNN  -- For months now , the French-language twittersphere has lit up with a rash of racist , homophobic , and anti-Semitic tweets using the hashtags #UnBonJuif  a good Jew  , #SiMonFilsEstGay  if my son is gay  , and #SiMaFilleRamÃ ¨ neUnNoir  if my daughter brings home a black guy  . Last fall , under pressure from French advocacy group Union of Jewish Students  UEJF  , Twitter agreed to remove some offensive tweets . In October 2012 , at Berlin 's request , Twitter also suspended a German neo-Nazi account based in the city of Hanover , the first time the company had responded to such a government request . However , at the time , the UEJF also wanted identifying information of the perpetrators , which Twitter was not prepared to give up . So the group went to court to force the issue . On Thursday , the Grand Instance Court in Paris ordered Twitter to identify the authors of anti-semitic tweets by creating a mechanism  Google Translate  to alert French authorities to "  illegal content , " on its French site "  in a visible and easily-accessible -LSB- way -RSB- . " If Twitter does not comply within two weeks , the American company faces fines of â ‚ ¬ 1,000  $ 1,336  per day . How "  free " should "  free speech " be ? This is n't the first time that French courts and laws have butted heads over idiotic racism online . Less than a year ago , then-president Nicolas Sarkozy proposed a law that would make even viewing a hate site a crime . Here in the United States , we have a Constitutionally protected near-blanket right to free expression . Although incitement to violence is generally not protected , hate speech -- no matter how disgusting and awful -- is . As we 've reported before , the operating principle in America has generally been that undesirable speech should be countered with more speech , not less . That 's not the approach taken in Europe , where hate speech is most definitely not protected . Many European Union states  and even some non-EU countries in Europe  have various types of anti-hate speech legal mechanisms , in part to head off terrorism and far-right violence . "  We 're not able to identify the individuals , only Twitter can do so , " Sacha Reingewirtz , UEJF 's vice president , told the French broadcaster , RFI . "  We 've already tweeted the decision . And we see on Twitter that the decision has apparently triggered a new rise of anti-semitic messages directed against our organization , so there is still work to be done , both by us and Twitter , but we 're happy the French justice is now changing the way it is . " COPYRIGHT 2011 ARSTECHNICA.COM	Twitter must identify posters of hate speech , French judge says The site has been home of multiple racist , homophobic and anti-Semitic trends in French Twitter already agreed to remove some offensive French tweets Site must comply or pay $ 1,336 a day , judge ruled
CNN  -- The 2014 Formula One season may have only just got going , but Ferrari is already playing catch up . That 's the view of technical director James Allison , who admits the legendary Italian marque is some way behind early pacesetters Mercedes , labeling Ferrari 's performance in Sunday 's opening race as "  unacceptable . " While Mercedes enjoyed a fruitful preseason and took the checkered flag at Sunday 's Australian Grand Prix through Nico Rosberg , Ferrari struggled by comparison . Double world champion Fernando Alonso was the team 's highest-placed driver in fourth position , but the Spaniard finished over 30 seconds behind the victorious Rosberg . "  While we can take some satisfaction from the reliability shown by the F14T , it is clear that we have our work cut out to improve our car in order to compete on equal terms with the Mercedes team , " Allen told the team 's official website . Alonso finished Sunday 's race in fifth position , but he was elevated to fourth place after Red Bull 's Daniel Ricciardo -- who crossed the line in second -- was disqualified for breaching fuel flow regulations . Finland 's Kimi Raikkonen , who is starting his second spell as a Ferrari driver after winning the team 's last drivers ' championship in 2007 , finished seventh . Like every team on the grid , Ferrari has had to contend with a raft of regulation changes introduced by the sport 's rule makers for the 2014 season -- including the introduction of 1.6-liter V6 hybrid engines . Allison says his team is still coming to terms with the new rules , but he 's backed Ferrari to come back stronger than ever . "  With all the new regulations this year , the opportunities to improve the car are legion and we can expect the race to improve the cars to be even more intense than normal , " he added . "  Our competitiveness was not acceptable in Melbourne , but we intend to fight our way back up the grid with the improvements that we will bring to the car . " Meanwhile the FIA , the body which governs F1 , has announced its satisfaction with the fuel-flow meter which prompted Ricciardo 's disqualification from the Melbourne race . Ricciardo was disqualified post-race after it was discovered his car had exceeded the maximum fuel-flow rate of 100kg/hour . Allowing fuel to flow faster than permitted rate would give the driver an unfair power advantage over his competitors . The meter 's manufacturers Gil Sensors have received "  positive feedback " from the FIA . If Red Bull wishes to appeal the punishment , it must do so by midday on Thursday . Ricciardo will be back on the track for the Malaysian Grand Prix on March 30 .	Ferrari is playing catch up , admits the team 's technical director The 2014 Formula One season began on Sunday with the Australian Grand Prix Ferrari 's Fernando Alonso finished in fourth position in Melbourne Alonso benefited from the disqualification of Red Bull driver Daniel Ricciardo
CNN  -- The bodies of two American climbers were discovered Saturday afternoon in the mountains of Peru , ending a days-long search for the men , friends and family said . Shay Har-Noy , who heads the technology company Tomnod that uses satellite imagery , said his friends Ben Horne and Gil Weiss had been attempting to scale the south face of Palcaraju Oeste . That 6,110-meter  20,000-foot  tall mountain is located in a region popular with climbers in Huaraz province about 275 miles northeast of Lima . "  These are two of the finest climbers we have known ... embodying the spirit of the mountains with every thing they did , " an announcement on Tomnod 's site said . "  Many of us have had the honor of sharing in their love for the wilderness , and that lives on . " Weiss -- founder of Beyond Adventure , a company consisting of professional guides , logistical experts and photographers -- posted June 11 on his Facebook page that he was leaving Boulder , Colorado , for Peru "  for another season in the High Andes . " What is altitude sickness ? On July 10 , Horne posted pictures and a chronicle of their experiences on the climbing blog Pullharder.org . "  The Cordillera Blanca is world renowned for its high altitude mountaineering , " he wrote . "  But almost as awesome as the mountains themselves is the motley crew of international climbers who come to try their hand at getting high , on big peaks , cheap and fast . " According to a blog post on Tomnod 's site Saturday , Weiss and Horne were missing for the past five to 10 days . Kari Tenjford , a friend of theirs , wrote on his Facebook page that a search team found the two climbers ' tent , as well as tracks up the glacier and "  tracks on the descent ridge . " Har-Noy said he enlisted the help of climbers and technology experts alike to find the pair using an application he built , with hundreds of people at one point poring through satellite images looking for signs of an avalanche . That information was then sent to search and rescue crews in Peru , said Har-Noy . Another friend , Asa Firestone , said the climbers ' bodies were ultimately found "  after what looks to be a fall from the  southwest  ridge on their descent . " Overheard on CNN.com : Is Mount Everest like ' a morgue ' ? "  They were truly two of the most amazing guys I have ever had the pleasure to spend time with , " Firestone wrote on Facebook . "  They shared a passion for adventure that they expressed so brilliantly in their blog ... and in all of their cutting edge ascents around the world . " Horne and Weiss were extremely fit and experienced climbers , both having practiced the sport from more than a decade , according to Har-Noy . Weiss had been to Peru several times before , though this was Horne 's first such visit . "  Gil meant the world to me , our family and friends , " Gil 's sister Galit Weiss told CNN by e-mail . "  I continue to love Gil , and he will inspire me forever . " 9 dead in France avalanche , police say CNN 's Claudia Dominguez contributed to this report .	NEW : Deceased climber Gil Weiss "  will inspire me forever , " his sister says He and Ben Horne had been climbing in the Andes and were missing for between 5-10 days Hundreds looked through satellite images for clues , while crews searched on the ground A friend calls them "  two of the most amazing guys " he has ever spent time with
CNN  -- With the British Open just around the corner , Justin Rose is hitting form at exactly the right time . The world No. 8 beat unheralded American Shawn Stefani in a playoff to clinch the Quicken Loans National and win his first title since lifting the U.S. Open in June 2013 . Rose will now head into a major on home soil as one of the favorites , boosted by the first playoff win of his PGA Tour career . "  It 's a huge boost confidence-wise , yeah , for sure , because I 've been semi-in contention this year , " Rose told the PGA Tour 's website after carding a one-under par final round of 70 on Sunday . The 33-year-old led by one heading down the last having reeled in overnight leader Patrick Reed , but a wayward drive led to Rose finding the water on the 18th as he let world No. 246 Stefani back in . Despite losing the playoff on the first extra hole , Stefani can take solace in the knowledge that he has booked his place at the British Open , which starts at Hoylake on July 17 . The last time golf 's oldest major was at Hoylake was in 2006 , when Tiger Woods lifted the Claret Jug while Rose was enduring a miserable run of form which saw him fail to qualify for seven consecutive majors . "  I just remember  the course  being burnt out , really warm , people eating ice cream and Tiger winning , " joked Rose . With the year 's third major on the horizon , Rose was pleased to have come through such a thorough examination at Congressional , host of the 2011 U.S. Open won by Rory McIlroy . "  I like this type of test , " he said . "  This week you 're going to miss greens ; you 're going to be challenged ; you 're going to have to grind and you 're going to have to do everything at some point this week , and that 's the type of golf I like , that tests all your skill sets . "  That 's normally what major championships do . "	Justin Rose beats Shawn Stefani to win the Quicken Loans National The Briton 's victory at Congressional is his first since winning the 2013 U.S. Open Despite playoff loss , world No. 246 Stefani secures qualification for the British Open The British Open will take place at Hoylake and will get under way on July 17
CNN  -- Giant jellyfish descend on the Sea of Japan , causing untold devastation to coastal villages and leaving a trail of destruction and human misery behind . A diver attaches a sensor to a Nomura 's jellyfish off the coast of northern Japan in October 2005 . Sounds like a great sci-fi flick . But it 's not . It 's real and a nightmare for Japanese fishermen . The massive sea creatures , called Nomura 's jellyfish , can grow 6 feet  1.83 meters  in diameter and weigh more than 450 pounds  204 kilos  . Scientists think they originate in the Yellow Sea and in Chinese waters . For the third year since 2005 , ocean currents are transporting them into the Sea of Japan . Monty Graham , a marine biologist at Alabama 's Dauphin Island Sea Lab , said the jellyfish grow to an enormous size as they are transported by ocean currents . He said they stay together in packs and as they drift northward , they get caught in fishermen 's nets . The giant jellyfish are one of about 200 species of coastal jellyfish or large jellyfish that exist around the world . But Nomura 's stands out because of its enormous size . "  The sheer size of them , individually , makes them fairly spectacular , " Graham said . Spectacular , perhaps , to scientists , but perilous to villagers along the Japanese coast who have seen the destructive habits of these colossal creatures in the past . They had giant-jellyfish invasions in 2005 and 2007 , and because they 've recently been spotted in the Sea of Japan , they 're bracing for another , potentially harmful wave this summer . The jellyfish destroy fishermen 's nets , getting trapped in them , tearing holes and ruining catches . Fishermen often use expensive mazelike nets that stretch for hundreds of kilometers . When swarms of giant jellyfish tear them , the result is devastating . "  Communities of fishermen and these fishing villages own these nets , " Graham said . "  When these nets get wiped out , it actually has this economic devastation for an entire community . " The good news is that previous attacks have prompted Japan to put in place a warning system for fishermen . While they still risk losing a big catch , they can , at least , save their pricey nets from the invasion of the giant jellyfish . It 's not clear why waves of Nomura 's jellyfish have made it to the Sea of Japan in recent years . Some have speculated that overfishing , pollution or rising ocean temperatures may have depleted the kinds of fish that prey on Nomura 's jellyfish in the polyp stage . However , no one is certain , Graham said .	Nomura 's jellyfish seen in Sea of Japan for third year since 2005 Species can grow 6 feet  1.83 meters  in diameter , 450 pounds  204 kilos Tears in expensive nets can devastate communities
JAKARTA , Indonesia  CNN  -- A U.S. mining company has denied a report by Indonesia 's state media that a convoy of its buses came under fire in the province of Papua Wednesday . Indonesian soldiers provide security near a PT Freeport-owned gold mine in Timika , Papua province , on July 18 . The state-run Antara News Agency had said that two people were reportedly killed when a 12-bus convoy carrying employees of PT Freeport was attacked by unidentified gunmen in the country 's eastern-most province . The company clarified that a vehicle was wrecked in the province , killing one person and wounding several others . When police and mechanics drove to the area to assist , shots were fired at them . Three people were hurt in the shooting , the company said . "  No shots were fired at the PT-FI bus convoy as earlier reported , " the company said . Following the company 's comments , Antara 's Web site changed its report to reflect the new information . PT Freeport is the largest copper and gold mining company in the province . Attacks directed at the company killed an Australian mine technician and two Indonesians on July 11 and 12 . And two directors of the company were wounded Friday in a twin attack at the Ritz Carlton and JW Marriott hotels in the capital Jakarta . Papua residents have long resented the presence of PT Freeport in the province . They have criticized the environmental impact of the mining operations and the small share of revenues the province receives . In 2008 , a separatist group claimed responsibility for a series of bomb attacks in the area . No one died in the attacks , Antara said . In 2002 , two American teachers and an Indonesian colleague who worked at the mine were shot dead in an attack , the news agency said . Meanwhile , authorities on Wednesday released sketches of two men believed to have carried out the bombings at the luxury hotels in Jakarta . One was about 40 ; the other 17 , officials said . Analysis of their DNA matched those obtained from a homemade explosive found in a room at the Marriott where they had checked in , police said . But authorities still do not know their identities . CNN 's Andy Saputra contributed to this report .	Antara News Agency said two people were killed when convoy was attacked Convoy was transporting employees of U.S. mining company PT Freeport Company clarified a vehicle was wrecked but no shots fired at convoy Papua residents resent firm 's presence , criticize environmental impact , little benefit
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- Seventh graders at Ron Clark Academy became an overnight sensation during the presidential election when their YouTube performance of "  You Can Vote However You Like " catapulted them to online stardom . "  The higher the expectations , the higher the results , " says Ron Clark , seen here with his students . Now , their creative and scholastic talents have proved the students to be more than just "  one hit wonders . " Academy students showcased their poetry and writings for CNN 's documentary "  Black in America 2 , " hosted by Soledad O'Brien . Cultivating student creativity is just one of the goals of academy founder Ron Clark , an enigmatic educator known for his unconventional teaching methods . Under his strict tutelage , students at Ron Clark -- who are predominantly African-American -- are expected to excel in all subjects and maintain a high standard of respect for their peers and teachers . "  I 'm teaching an eighth-grade curriculum to fifth-graders , " says Clark . "  Some people say my expectations of the kids , academically , is too high , but the higher the expectations , the higher the results . " Watch Clark 's students perform their original poetry " But with high academic expectations come an equally high quotient for fun . It 's become one of Clark 's trademarks : singing and dancing to popular rap and R&B songs during class to get the kids engaged . "  My first day at Ron Clark Academy , I thought all the teachers were psychopaths , " says seventh-grader Jai Springs . "  I thought Ron Clark was going crazy . He was up in front of the kids on desks , he was dancing . ... I never saw a teacher get up on a desk and dance . But now I 'm used to it , so I get up on the desk and dance too , " says Jai . Clark , formerly a schoolteacher from North Carolina , founded the academy with money he earned from his book titled The Essential 55 , which detail Clark 's 55 golden rules for success -- in and out of the classroom . Clark was invited to be a guest on the Oprah Winfrey show after winning Disney Teacher of the Year Award in 2001 . Oprah believed so much in the well-mannered Southern school teacher from South Carolina that she encouraged him to write the book . Later she promoted The Essential 55 on her show , prompting it 's ascension to New York Times bestseller list . Together with co-founder Kim Bearden , Clark transformed a decaying factory in a rough part of Atlanta , Georgia , into a state-of-the-art educational model for middle schools across the country . See newsmakers and iReporters on race , challenges , solutions for black America Soon after the school opened its doors in 2008 , a Christmas package from Winfrey arrived for Clark in the form of a $ 365,000 grant , or "  a thousand dollars for each day of the year , " as Oprah referred to it in the letter . Then came the elections , with a tight presidential race between Sens. Barack Obama of Illinois and John McCain of Arizona . Inspired by rapper T.I. 's hit song "  Whatever You Like , " Clark 's seventh grade class penned their own lyrics and dance moves . The students ' performance carried a message : Cast your ballot because you support a candidate 's policies rather than just his skin color . When they perform the song , half the seventh grade class touts the virtues of GOP 's McCain while the other half root for Democrat Obama : "  Obama on the left . McCain on the right . We can talk politics all night . And you can vote however you like . " The students "  can talk politics with the best of them , " says Clark . Video clips of the kids performing have garnered over 15 million hits on YouTube . "  We got lots of media attention . But when the media arrived to the school they realized the song is not the story , it 's the kids , " says Clark . One of Clark 's credos is teaching a "  global curriculum " with a heavy emphasis on current events . Himself an avid world traveler , Clark believes it 's essential for his students to travel to other countries to develop an understanding and appreciation of the world in which they live . Through Delta 's corporate sponsorship of the school , administrators have been able to send all 100 of their fifth to eighth grade students abroad before they graduate . "  I 'm not nearly as shy as I used to be , " says seventh-grader Chi Chi Kasarachi after her first year at the academy . "  My knowledge of the world has improved , I know more about what 's going on in other countries and I 'm more curious about things . ... I 'm just hungry for knowledge , " says Chi Chi . In fact , the students at Ron Clark Academy are better versed in current events and politics than many adults . "  I never thought I 'd be interested in watching the news , " says seventh-grader Osei Avril . "  Now I find it interesting because I have learned the stories behind the news , " he says . Osei -- who pronounces Iranian President Ahmadinajad 's name perfectly -- says he 's interested in learning about world issues such as the Iranian elections , the Taliban in Pakistan , and the Palestinian - Israeli conflict . "  At the beginning , " says Clark , "  the kids will say something like ` I 've been to East Point -LSB- a suburb of South Atlanta -RSB- . After a few years they 've been to Kenya , Japan , or South Africa , or England . ... They 've become very comfortable with understanding the country and understanding themselves . " But it 's not just the travel or even the singing and dancing to rap music that make the school so special , say the students . It 's the academy teachers ' creative ways of instilling education , solid values , and a passion for learning . "  They want you to pass the people at the top , " says Jai . "  To be at the top nonstop , be at your fullest , to be creative , to think out of the box . " But school is n't all fun and games , she says . Clark is a strict disciplinarian that expects -- and enforces -- model behavior from all of the students . "  I love Mr. Clark with all my heart , he 's like a father to me , " says Chi Chi . "  He might fuss a lot , but I know he 's doing it for our own good . "	Ron Clark Academy students ' '08 YouTube rap performance got millions of hits Clark teaches "  global curriculum " with heavy emphasis on current events "  I 'm teaching an eigthth-grade curriculum to fifth graders , " says Clark Student : "  My knowledge of the world has improved . ... I 'm hungry for knowledge "
CNN Student News  -- August 27 , 2013 On Tuesday , CNN Student News explains when a massive wildfire can be declared as controlled , and we consider how U.N. inspectors try to determine the use of chemical weapons in a war zone . We also report on the newest U.S. Medal of Honor recipient , and we meet a DJ who uses senses other than his hearing to make music . Plus , some students tell us what topics they 'd want to discuss with President Obama . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , Maps pertaining to today 's show , and a place for you to leave feedback . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . DAILY CURRICULUM Click here for a printable version of the Daily Curriculum  PDF  . Media Literacy Question of the Day : What kinds of images most effectively illustrate the destructiveness of a wildfire ? How could a news broadcast show the scope of a particularly large disaster ? Key Concepts : Identify or explain these subjects from today 's show : 1 . United Nations 2 . Medal of Honor 3 . sense of hearing Fast Facts : How well were you listening to today 's program ? 1 . A wildfire is threatening some water and power supplies to what California city ? 2 . What medal was U.S. Army Staff Sergeant Ty Carter awarded yesterday for his actions during a battle in Afghanistan ? 3 . What composer wrote the musical work "  Ode to Joy " ? Discussion Questions : 1 . Why might the international community have a high level of concern regarding the potential use of chemical weapons ? 2 . If you had the opportunity to interview the president , what questions would you ask ? What would you want the president to know about your school , your community and your life ? 3 . What challenges do you think that Robbie Wilde faced on his way to becoming a DJ ? What was your reaction to his story ? CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists and educators who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show and curriculum . We hope you use our free daily materials along with the program , and we welcome your feedback on them . MAPS Download PDF maps related to today 's show : North America Yosemite National Park , California ; New York City Asia Syria ; Afghanistan FEEDBACK We 're looking for your feedback about CNN Student News . Please use this page to leave us comments about today 's program , including what you think about our stories and our resources . Also , feel free to tell us how you use them in your classroom . The educators on our staff will monitor this page and may respond to your comments as well . Thank you for using CNN Student News !	This page includes the show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , and Maps Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary The Daily Curriculum offers the Media Literacy Question of the Day , Key Concepts , Fast Facts and Discussion Questions At the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculum
CNN  -- Two teenage brothers were arrested and charged with first-degree murder in the death of Autumn Pasquale , the 12-year-old-girl found dead Monday in Clayton , New Jersey , according to authorities . "  The brothers are ages 15 and 17 years old , and both are in police custody at the present time , " Gloucester County Prosecutor Sean Dalton said Tuesday , adding that the younger brother had also been charged with one count of luring . Prosecutors say Autumn was lured to the boys ' home , where they murdered her -- possibly for her BMX bike , which police found among some of the girl 's belongings when they searched the site early Tuesday . Autumn 's body was found in a recycling container . Dalton said she was strangled and died from blunt-force trauma , but based on preliminary findings , there were no signs of sexual assault . Police were aided by the suspects ' mother , who contacted police because of Facebook postings , according to Dalton . The young suspects turned themselves in , accompanied by their attorneys , Tuesday . "  We 're strongly considering waiving them to adult court . However , we want to let the process take its part , " Dalton said . In New Jersey , authorities are not permitted to release the names of juveniles charged with a crime . A Facebook page was created after Autumn went missing Saturday , and many neighbors and friends donated their time to help 200 law enforcement members search for her . She was last seen riding her bike from her home , according to the Gloucester County Prosecutor 's Office . Neighbor Joyce Fisher described to CNN affiliate News 12 New Jersey how she felt after volunteering and handing out fliers for the search effort , only to find out that those accused live just across the street . "  I 'm exhausted , " she said , and was especially unnerved when she saw investigators bring the girl 's bike out of the suspects ' house . "  Scared ... devastating ... unnerving . Nice quiet town . We know everybody 's move around here . We never had any issues like this , " she said . "  Everything is shattered . " "  At this point , we have to put our anger aside , " Dalton said . "  We have to let justice take its course and through the support of all the caring families in Clayton , with the support of the law enforcement community . ... We 'll get past this , because we are strong . " Pasquale would have celebrated her 13th birthday next week . CNN 's Rick Martin contributed to this report .	12-year-old Autumn Pasquale went missing Saturday Her body was found Monday in a recycling container Brothers , 15 and 17 , were charged with murder in her death
CNN  -- Concertgoers at the Indiana State Fair panicked and fled in the immediate aftermath of the concert stage collapse . But just as quickly , they returned , offering what they could during the moments that mattered . "  I 'm a nurse . I 'm a doctor . I 'm a trained EMS responder , " they said , according to Indiana Gov. Mitch Daniels , whose voice broke with emotion as he recalled the extraordinary efforts of ordinary people . "  The individual Hoosiers ran to the trouble , not from the trouble , " he said , using the name for Indiana residents . "  It 's the character that we associate with our state . People do n't have to be paid to do it . " The stage collapse at the Indiana State Fair Saturday night killed five people and injured 40 others . Video showed the blue canvas top fraying and flapping just seconds before the steel scaffolding gave way , sending a heavy bank of stage lights and metal onto fans closest to the outdoor stage . Ivan Gratz , a professional videographer , witnessed the event and filmed what happened after the collapse . "  Everybody ran away from the stage , " he said . "  And then as soon as the stage , like it was stable on the ground , everyone turned around and they ran back . And that 's what was incredible in the pictures where you see the people grab a hold of the stage and they 're lifting it up . " "  Just amazing , " said Gratz . Allison Hoehn , another concertgoer , said that many attendees rushed to help those trapped after the stage crumbled . "  We tried to get down to help , but no one was moving , " Hoehn said . "  The storm came on so fast and the stage just snapped like a toothpick . " Spectators grabbed parts of their seats to assemble makeshift stretchers , Hoehn said . "  Everyone rushed to help , and we saw people searching and pulling people out , " she said . "  I  saw five people go away on stretchers . It was amazing how many people ran in to try to lift the scaffolding . " Video broadcast by CNN affiliate WISH showed people heaving heavy equipment and working with great care as they moved one of the injured . Some concertgoers supported the scaffolding as others pointed , appearing to direct the response . "  It was a tough scene . I 've been a photographer for 30 years but to see something like this ... it was  a  pretty tough situation for a lot of people , " said Gratz .	Video of the scene show concertgoers returning to help They fashioned chairs as stretchers and lifted scaffolding Indiana Gov. Mitch Daniels said people "  ran to the trouble , not from the trouble " "  It 's the character that we associate with our state , " he said
HAVANA , Cuba  CNN  -- A man named Ernesto pressed an old-fashioned radio to his ear , listening to a baseball game roughly 5,000 miles away . Ernesto listens to the Baseball World Cup gold medal game by radio in Havana . The U.S. beat Cuba 10-5 . "  Oh , it 's already over , " he groaned , listening to the staccato play-by-play of Sunday 's Baseball World Cup championship . In the gold-medal game , played in Nettuno , Italy , team USA defeated Cuba , 10-5 , to wrap up the World Cup played this year throughout Europe . In the winning country , that news likely was overshadowed in most places by Major League Baseball , professional football , or dozens of other sports stories that developed on Sunday . But in Cuba , where baseball is as much a source of national pride as it is a game , the Baseball World Cup was big news . Reverberations of that last out in Italy could be felt as far away as Havana 's central park , where a daily gaggle of baseball fans often provide for the country 's liveliest debate . "  The American pitching was strong , " said Ernesto , still listening to the crackle and pop of his radio . "  But Cuban batters were not as good , " he added . For the widely anticipated match-up , Havana residents holed up in their homes Sunday afternoon to watch their national team take on their northern neighbor on TV . Those without televisions huddled around a small radio in the capital 's central park , appearing to hang on every broadcasted pitch . "  Strike three ! " the radio sputtered as another Cuban batter was retired by U.S. starter Cory Luebke , who tallied seven strike-outs in four-and-a-third innings . He prompted a near-unison groan among the group . The United States , led by Los Angeles Dodgers prospect Lucas May , scored early and often as May put the Americans ahead with a second inning three-run home run . The Cubans refused to go quietly , rallying in the fourth inning and scoring two runs on three singles . A two-run blast by Cuban first baseman Ariel Borrero in the sixth inning tied the game at 4-4 before a salvo of U.S. hits in the seventh drove in six runs , enough to secure the American win . For team USA , the contest capped a 14-game winning streak that began after a first-round loss to Venezuela . Sunday 's win is only the fourth U.S. championship in World Cup competition , with Americans having previously earned gold in 1973 , 1974 and 2007 . For the Cubans , whose teams have brought home gold in 25 of the last 30 Baseball World Cup championships their country has played in , it was time to start looking ahead in quintessential baseball philosophy . "  They won it this year , but we will win it the next , " said one Havana resident who declined to give his name . Long a baseball powerhouse , Cuba has never finished out of the top three in World Cup competition , according to International Baseball Federation spokesman Jake Fehling . But million-dollar contracts in professional baseball often have lured away top Cuban prospects and depleted national team talent , pulling star athletes such as Orlando "  El Duque " Hernandez and Jose Contreras away from state salaries at home . Cuban pitcher Ardoldis Chapman , who defected in July during a national trip to the Netherlands , is the latest example of top Cuban players seeking the bigger payoffs of major-league salaries . Chapman , a lefty who reportedly throws over 100 mph , has sparked rumors of a potential bidding war among top major-league franchises . Residents in Havana 's central park , however , were unwilling Sunday to say more than a few words about the loss of star talent . "  If they leave , they leave , " Ernesto said , still clinging to his radio . Players come and go , but in Cuba , baseball -- and baseball talk -- is one steadying constant . And in Havana 's central park , the talk of Sunday 's game -- the talk of baseball -- buzzed on , long after the last pitch was thrown .	Havana residents flock to radios , TV to watch Baseball World Cup title game U.S. beats Cuba 10-5 ; game garnered more concentrated attention in Cuba Cuba consistently a baseball powerhouse despite stars ' defections
CNN  -- It 's simple , President Obama said . Rape is a crime , and politicians -- especially male politicians -- should n't be "  making decisions about women 's health care . " Appearing Wednesday on NBC 's "  Tonight " show , Obama responded to questions by host Jay Leno about a comment about rape by Indiana 's GOP candidate for Senate , Richard Mourdock . Pregnancies occurring after a rape , Mourdock said , were intended by God . "  I do n't know how these guys come up with these ideas , " Obama told Leno . "  Let me make a very simple proposition : Rape is rape . It is a crime . And so these various distinctions about rape do n't make too much sense to me -- do n't make any sense to me . " Mourdock has apologized for offending anyone . But his words have fueled the national fight to gain women voters in a very close presidential election . Related : Women voters by the numbers During his chat with Leno , Obama used the Mourdock controversy to say that the next president likely would appoint a new Supreme Court justice who could potentially change federal abortion laws . Obama on Mourdock : Male politicians should n't make abortion decisions Obama 's GOP presidential rival , Mitt Romney , has said he would appoint justices who would support overturning Roe vs. Wade , the 1973 court decision affirming a woman 's right to have an abortion . "  Roe vs. Wade is probably hanging in the balance , " Obama said . "  Women are capable of making these decisions in consultation with their partners , with their doctors , " said the president . "  And for politicians to want to intrude in this stuff often times without any information is a huge problem . " The Obama campaign released a new television ad reinforcing those points , highlighting Romney comments on Roe vs. Wade and his plan to try and cut funding for Planned Parenthood . Related : When ` God 's will , ' rape and pregnancy collide GOP distancing Reaction within Mourdock 's own party has been deafening . Romney had endorsed him in a TV ad before the controversy . Afterward , Romney said through a campaign spokeswoman that he did not agree with Mourdock 's comments , but the ad would continue to run . Other powerful Republicans distancing themselves from Mourdock include 2008 GOP presidential nominee Sen. John McCain and Texas Sen. John Cornyn , a top GOP Senate fundraiser . Sen. Kelly Ayotte , R-New Hampshire , canceled plans to campaign with Mourdock on Wednesday . And in a sharp rebuke , a fellow Republican running for Indiana 's governor seat , former Rep. Mike Pence , issued a statement saying , "  I strongly disagree with the statement made by Richard Mourdock during last night 's Senate debate . I urge him to apologize . " After apology , McCain does support Mourdock , spokesman clarifies Mourdock said Wednesday he 's sorry for any offense , but Democrats have twisted his comments for "  political gain . " The whole controversy , he said , exemplifies "  what 's wrong with Washington these days . " "  I spoke from my heart ; I spoke with my principle ; I spoke from my faith , " Mourdock said . A senior Republican strategist said Mourdock may not face as much push-back from GOP leaders for two reasons : Republicans very much want to hold on to that Indiana Senate seat . That -- with less than two weeks remaining before Election Day . What Mourdock said Here are Mourdock 's comments saying he supports banning abortions in cases of rape , word-for-word : "  I struggled with it myself for a long time , but I came to realize life is a gift from God , and I think even when life begins in that horrible situation of rape , that it is something that God intended to happen , " said Mourdock , who now serves as Indiana 's state treasurer . He also said he would allow for exceptions to an abortion ban when a mother 's life was in danger . GOP Senate candidate : Pregnancies from rape God 's will On Wednesday , Mourdock tried to clarify his comments , saying , "  I absolutely abhor violence . I absolutely abhor any kind of sexual violence . I abhor rape , and I am absolutely confident that , as I stand here , the God that I worship abhors violence , abhors sexual violence and abhors rape . The God that I worship would never , ever want to see evil done . " Sounds familiar It 's not the first time rape and abortion have dominated the campaign . In August , Rep. Todd Akin of Missouri , who 's also a Republican running for Senate , ignited a firestorm when he said "  legitimate rape " rarely resulted in pregnancy . And last week , GOP Rep. Joe Walsh , who 's running for re-election in Illinois , questioned the necessity of allowing abortions if a mother 's life is at risk . He said such an exemption to an abortion ban was simply a political tool used by pro-choice activists . Doctors strongly disputed Rep. WalshÂ ¹ s contention that doctors rarely , if ever , perform abortions to save the life of the mother . McCain , R-Arizona , told CNN on Wednesday that his support for Mourdock was dependent on an apology . "  It depends on what he does , " McCain said on "  Anderson Cooper 360 . " Thursday , after hearing of Mourdock 's apology , McCain said that he "  is glad " Mourdock apologized and "  hopes the people of Indiana will elect Mr. Mourdock . " Former GOP presidential candidate Rick Santorum offered words of support for Mourdock Wednesday -- accusing opponents of "  gotcha politics . " Mourdock 's comments resulted in a misunderstanding , Santorum told CNN 's "  Erin Burnett OutFront " "  What the Senate candidate said is the child is a gift from God , whether it 's conceived from rape or not , it 's still -- the gift of human life is a gift from God , " Santorum explained . "  He did n't say rape was a gift from God . You 'd have to contort words beyond meaning to get that understanding of it . " Santorum : Mourdock criticism ` gotcha politics ' It was "  gotcha politics , " Santorum said , because Mourdock was "  talking about the baby in the womb as something that is precious , " even though it was conceived through "  horrible circumstances . " The whole thing is "  outrageous " and "  demeaning to women , " said Democratic National Committee Chairwoman Debbie Wasserman Schultz in a statement . Party leaders called on Romney to stop airing his TV ad endorsing Mourdock . "  As Mourdock 's most prominent booster and star of Mourdock 's current campaign ads , Mitt Romney should denounce these comments more strongly than he has , " DNC spokesman Brad Woodhouse said . "  He should go further and demand that the ad featuring him speaking directly to the camera on Mourdock 's behalf be taken off the air , and Mitt Romney should withdraw his endorsement of Mourdock immediately . " CNN 's Kevin Liptak and Gregory Wallace contributed to this report .	President Barack Obama weighs in on comment by GOP Senate candidate Richard Mourdock : Even when life starts with rape , it is a "  gift from God " Comments fuel fight to gain women voters in close presidential race Democrats want Mitt Romney to stop endorsing Mourdock
Tokyo  CNN  -- They sleep anywhere they can find open space -- in conference rooms , corridors , even stairwells . They have one blanket , no pillows and a leaded mat intended to keep radiation at bay . They eat only two meals each day -- a carefully rationed breakfast of 30 crackers and vegetable juice and for dinner , a ready-to-eat meal or something out of a can.They clean themselves with wet wipes , since the supply of fresh water is short . These are the grueling living conditions for the workers inside Japan 's crippled Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant . They 've been hailed as heroes risking their lives by braving high levels of radiation as they work to avert a nuclear meltdown . But until now , the outside world has known little about the workers ' routine . Tuesday , safety inspector Kazuma Yokota , who spent five days at the plant last week , spoke with CNN about the plight of the 400 workers staying in a building within 1 kilometer  .6 of a mile  of Reactor No. 1 . Japanese officials ordered mandatory evacuations for everyone else within 20  12.4 miles  kilometers of the plant . The workers look tired , Yokota said . They are furiously connecting electrical cables , repairing instrument panels and pumping radioactive water out . They work with the burden of their own personal tragedies always weighing heavily . "  My parents were washed away by the tsunami , and I still do n't know where they are , " one worker wrote in an e-mail that was verified as authentic by a spokesman for the Tokyo Electric Power Co. , which runs the Fukushima plant . "  Crying is useless , " said another e-mail . "  If we 're in hell now , all we can do is crawl up towards heaven . " But they are doing it all with the kind of determination required in a task with such high stakes . There 's no room for plummeting morale and the workers are not showing any signs of spirits flagging , Yokota said . However upbeat the workers are , there 's no denying the conditions are beyond difficult . "  On the ground at the nuclear power plant , the workers are working under very dangerous and very hard conditions , and I feel a great deal of respect for them , " Chief Cabinet Secretary Yukio Edano told reporters Tuesday . The workers spend three days on site and go off for one . They start their work day at 8 a.m. and go for 12 long hours . Gary Was , a nuclear engineering expert at the University of Michigan , told CNN Tuesday that contaminated seawater brings potential danger "  and they need to take all precautions . " Particulates that land on the skin or are ingested "  can be a constant source of radiation into the future , " Was said . "  You need to be very careful not to ingest any of that . " Was said officials need to remove and store contaminated water . Last week , three men who were laying electrical cable in the turbine building of the No. 3 reactor stepped in tainted water , exposing themselves to high levels of radiation . Tokyo Electric apologized and said their exposure might have been avoided with better communication . Radiation alarms went off while the three men were working , but they continued with their mission for 40 to 50 minutes after assuming it was a false alarm . They were hospitalized after it was determined they had been exposed to 173 to 181 millisieverts of radiation -- two of them with direct exposure on their skin . They were later released . By comparison , a person in an industrialized country is naturally exposed to 3 millisieverts per year , though Japan 's Health Ministry has said that those working directly to avert the nuclear crisis could be exposed to as much as 250 millisieverts before they must leave the site . The incident also prompted further criticism of Tokyo Electric and how well it is safeguarding the workers . Yokota said the power company hoped to improve living conditions for the workers by moving them to another facility . Edano said officials also hope to find replacements in order to relieve the workers at the plant . Until then , they will continue as the faceless heroes in Japan 's tragedy , the nation 's only hope of thwarting further disaster .	The Fukushima Daiichi workers are sleeping on mats They eat two meals a day of prepared food and crackers They are exposed to high levels of radiation An inspector divulges details of their lives , says they are still upbeat
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Juanita Moore , the third African-American actress to ever get a supporting actress Oscar nomination , died of natural causes at her Los Angeles home Tuesday , her grandson said . She was 99 . Moore worked right to the end , preparing for a stage reading of a new play and helping her actor grandson learn lines , Kirk Kellykhan said , "  I just got cursed out that morning about learning my lines , " Kellykhan said . Moore was helping him prepare for the lead in the West Coast production of the Broadway play "  The Wedding Man , " he said . She was scheduled to take part in a January 17 reading of a play based on Michael St. John 's book "  Hollywood Through the Backdoor , " her grandson said . Moore was nominated for a best supporting actress Oscar in 1960 for Douglas Sirk 's "  Imitation of Life . " She played a housekeeper whose daughter passes for white . A Los Angeles native , she began her entertainment career as a Cotton Club chorus girl and a film extra . At the same time , she worked on her acting skills on stage in the Ebony Showcase Theater . Moore 's feature film debut came in 1949 when she played a nurse in "  Pinky . " Most of her roles in the 1950s were as domestics , until she was cast as Annie Johnson in "  Imitation of Life . " The story was about Johnson 's light-skinned daughter denying her racial roots . The lack of roles for African-American actresses in the early 1960s made it difficult for Moore to find big-screen jobs despite the accolades for her work . She acted in supporting roles in 1961 in "  Tammy , Tell Me True " and in 1963 in "  Papa 's Delicate Condition . " Moore did land a significant role as a nun in the 1966 hit "  The Singing Nun . " As more black-themed movies were made near the end of the decade , her career improved . She acted in "  Uptight " in 1968 , "  The Mack " in 1973 and "  Abby " in 1974 . While she cut back on acting work in the 1980s , she never retired . She played a wise grandmother in "  Disney 's The Kid " in 2000 , while acting in television guest roles in "  ER " and "  Judging Amy . "	Moore was nominated for a best supporting actress Oscar in 1960 for "  Imitation of Life " She played a housekeeper whose daughter passed for white She worked until her last days , preparing for a stage reading this month , grandson says
CNN  -- A second-half penalty from David Villa proved enough to earn Barcelona a 1-1 draw at Rubin Kazan in Group D of the Champions League on Wednesday . The Spanish international striker scored from the spot on the hour mark after Andres Iniesta was fouled by Lasha Salukvadze in the penalty area . Russian champions Rubin had themselves taken the lead from the penalty spot after half-an-hour , when Ecuadorian midfielder Christian Noboa lashed the ball past Victor Valdes after Daniel Alves was adjudged to have fouled Vitaly Kaleshin . With Lionel Messi back in the side after recovering from an ankle injury , the Spanish champions pressed for a winning goal and the Argentine nearly provided it , only for goalkeeper Sergei Ryzhikov to block his 71st minute shot . However , it was the hosts who nearly snatched all three points late on when Nigerian striker Obafemi Martins hit the post with a close-range header . Meanwhile , in the other Group D match , Danish champions Copenhagen claimed a superb 2-0 win at Panathinaikos , courtesy of goals from Martin Vingaard and Dame N'Doye , to lead the table with a maximum six points from their two matches . Barcelona are second on four points while Greek side Panathinaikos , who played most of the second half with 10 men following the dismissal of Brazilian midfielder Gilberto Silva , are bottom of the group having lost both of their matches . Meanwhile , in Group C , British sides Manchester United and Rangers both claimed vital 1-0 wins on Wednesday to lead the table with four points apiece . United came away from the Mestalla in Valencia with a superb late win courtesy of a breakaway goal from Mexican international striker Javier Fernandez . Meanwhile , in Glasgow , Steven Naismith sidefooted home a header from Kirk Broadfoot to see off Turkish side Bursaspor , who are bottom of the table with no points from their two matches .	Barcelona draw 1-1 at Rubin Kazan in Champions League Group D match David Villa levels with a penalty after Christian Noboa put Rubin ahead from the spot Panathinaikos with play Copenhagen in the other Group D encounter on Wednesday
CNN  -- "  When I got married I was scared , " remembers 10-year-old Nujood Ali . "  I did n't want to leave my family and siblings . " Yemeni lawyer Shada Nasser helped 10-year-old Nujood Ali divorce her 30-year-old husband . At an age when girls in the West still play with dolls , Nujood found herself married to a man three times her age . But in her home country of Yemen -- a deeply conservative Middle East Muslim nation -- this situation is n't uncommon . Yemeni lawyer Shada Nasser had long opposed the practice of early marriage when , in April 2008 , she got a chance to do something about it . Arriving at the courthouse for her usual casework one day , Nasser was told about a young girl who had come to court alone . She met Nujood , who told her that she was desperate ; she wanted a divorce . Nasser says she was appalled by Nujood 's story , particularly her claims that her 30-year-old husband regularly beat and raped her . It was unheard of for such a young girl to get a divorce , but Nasser did n't hesitate to take the case . "  When I spoke with her , I -LSB- felt -RSB- like she -LSB- was -RSB- my daughter , " Nasser recalls . "  I hugged her and said , ` Do n't be afraid . I will help you and you will take the divorce . ' " Since then , Nasser has volunteered to help other young brides , and is working to raise the legal age for marriage in Yemen . As a lawyer and activist , Nasser has always promoted the rights of women and children . Born in the progressive southern region of Yemen , she was raised in an affluent family . She graduated from law school in 1990 in Prague , which was then part of Czechoslovakia . Her father , a journalist and union organizer , died when she was young , but Nasser inherited his crusading instincts and has spent much of her career challenging the status quo . Among the first female lawyers in the capital city of Sanaa , Nasser has defended several women who she believes were wrongfully accused of crimes . "  I believe in being a lawyer to help people , " she says . By striving to end early marriage , Nasser is challenging a custom that 's been part of Yemeni culture for centuries . Extreme poverty leads some parents to marry off their daughters , while others do it to protect the girls from spinsterhood , or from potentially shaming the family by getting involved with a man out of wedlock . Some find justification in the Quran . Sanaa University 's Woman and Development Study Center found that more than 50 percent of Yemeni women are married before they are 18 ; in some regions , 8 - and 10-year-old brides are the norm . The 1992 law that set Yemen 's marriage age at 15 was later amended to allow even younger girls to wed with parental approval . However , they are not supposed to have sexual relations until they are "  mature , " a stipulation that 's difficult to enforce . When Nujood 's parents agreed for her to be married , they believed they were putting her in the care of her husband 's family . Nujood 's father , Ali Mohammed Ahdal , is angry about what the man did to his daughter . "  He was a criminal , a criminal . He did hateful things to her , " he said . "  He did n't keep his promise to me that he would n't go near her until she was 20 . " Specialists believe that young girls giving birth at an early age has contributed to Yemen having one of the highest maternal mortality rates in the world , according to the United Nations Population Fund . After Nasser took Nujood 's case , reporters packed the courtroom . When the judge dissolved the marriage , the story made headlines around the world . Sharia law dictated that Nujood pay her husband more than $ 200 , which was covered by donations . Watch Nujood and Nasser tell their story " Now happily back home with her family , Nujood hopes to become a journalist , and says she never wants to get remarried . Reflecting on her experience , she shows a maturity beyond her 10 years . "  I did this so that people listen and think to not marry girls so young , " Nujood says . "  Like what happened to me . " Watch Nasser explain how Nujood has become a symbol for girls in Yemen " Nujood 's case sparked a nationwide debate about the marriage age ; Nasser and others hope to raise it to 18 . Having already been contacted by other child brides , she 's vowed to help as many of them as she can , for free . "  I and Nujood , we opened this big window for all other girls , " Nasser says . "  Nujood 's case is going to change a lot of things , and will better the lives of hundreds of young girls who live in the countryside . "	Yemeni lawyer Shada Nasser helped a 10-year-old divorce her 30-year-old husband Since then , Nasser has volunteered to help other young brides She is also working to raise Yemen 's legal age of marriage In some regions of the country , 8 - and 10-year-old brides are the norm
Tucson , Arizona  CNN  -- As the U.S. House of Representatives resumes regular business Monday for the first time since since the January 8 Arizona shootings , the congresswoman shot in the attack continued to make progress , and mourners said goodbye to a staff member who rushed to the aid of others and a retired construction worker who died shielding his wife . U.S. Rep. Gabrielle Giffords was upgraded from critical to serious condition Sunday , eight days after being shot through the brain at a public event . "  The congresswoman continues to do well , " University Medical Center in Tucson said in a statement Sunday . Giffords was among 19 people shot at the "  Congress on Your Corner " event at a Tucson supermarket . Authorities believe she was the target of the mass shooting that left six dead and another 13 wounded . A 22-year-old suspect , Jared Lee Loughner , is in custody . On Sunday , the funeral for Dorwan Stoddard took place in Tucson . Witnesses said when the gunfire rang out , Stoddard , 76 , was trying to protect his wife , Mavy , when he was shot in the head and fell onto her . Mavy Stoddard was shot three times in her legs but is expected to recover . "  He threw himself over me , " Mavy Stoddard said last week . "  I think it was the last shots that killed him . So he saved my life , and gave his for it . And you can not ask for much more . " A memorial for Gabriel "  Gabe " Zimmerman , 30 , also took place Sunday . Zimmerman was director for community outreach on Giffords ' staff and was engaged to be married . In addition to Stoddard and Zimmerman , those killed included 9-year-old Christina Green ; Arizona 's chief federal judge , John Roll ; Dorothy Morris , 76 ; and Phyllis Schneck , 79 . The contentious issue of gun control was put in the spotlight Saturday when one of the 13 wounded in the attack was involuntarily committed to a county mental services unit after he made threats against a Tea Party member at a town hall event in Tucson . James Eric Fuller , 63 , photographed Trent Humphries and said , "  You are dead , " when Humphries began speaking at the event , according to Pima County Sheriff 's Department spokesman Jason Ogan . Humphries told CNN that Fuller 's comment came when the town hall discussion turned toward the issue of gun control . "  I was asked to give my thoughts on gun control laws and perhaps the passage of new laws , " Humphries said of the incident . "  I said something to the effect that although gun rights and laws are not necessarily the primary focus of the Tucson Tea Party , our community needs to be given the opportunity to allow some time to pass and people to heal before we start this type of political dialogue . " CNN 's Jason Hanna contributed to this report .	Giffords is upgraded from critical to serious condition Dorwan Stoddard 's widow : "  He saved my life , and gave his for it . " A memorial takes place for Giffords staffer Gabriel "  Gabe " Zimmerman
CNN  -- An American man detained in North Korea since last November has been sentenced to 15 years of hard labor , North Korean state news reported Thursday . A story on the KCNA website indicated that Pae Jun Ho had been sentenced by North Korea 's supreme court . The North has used that name to refer to the man U.S. authorities call Kenneth Bae . A Korean-American , Bae entered North Korea on a valid tourist visa , a senior U.S. official told CNN on Monday . The official -- who spoke on background because of the diplomatic sensitivity of the issue -- said then that the State Department did n't know the exact charges against Bae . The KCNA report indicated that the American was sentenced Tuesday for "  carrying out serious crimes " against North Korea , without specifying what exactly he allegedly had done . He was arrested November 3 in Rason City . The U.S. State Department had appealed Monday for Bae 's release on humanitarian grounds . Three days earlier , a State Department spokesman told reporters that Swedish diplomats , who represent U.S. interests in North Korea because Washington has no diplomatic relations with the North , were able to visit Bae . Some Americans have previously crossed the border without a visa , either knowingly or by mistake , but in this case , the U.S. official said , "  This was somebody who was a tour operator who has been there in the past and has a visa to go to the North . " Bae 's sentencing comes amid tense relations between North Korea and both the United States and its staunch ally South Korea . In recent weeks , the North has intensified threats against its neighbor and the United States .	Kenneth Bae , referred to as Pae Jun Ho by North Korea , is sentenced , KCNA reports He was accused of serious crimes ; a U.S. official was n't sure what the claims were The U.S. had pushed for Bae 's release on humanitarian grounds
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Violence and heavy metal seem to have been inextricably entwined since the dawn of the metal genre . Accusations that the Columbine killers were influenced by Marilyn Manson 's music were found to be false . Judas Priest , Marilyn Manson and Black Sabbath are just some of the household metal names to have come under public fire for supposedly inciting teenagers to commit murder and suicide . It 's a fire the international media has been happy to flame , quick to draw links between various acts of savagery and heavy metal even if , as in the case of the Columbine shootings and Marilyn Manson , evidence points to the contrary . For anthropologist , documentary filmmaker and self-confessed "  Metalhead " Sam Dunn , heavy metal is often used as a scapegoat to distract from the thoroughly more complicated societal problems surrounding such incidents . "  I think people look at heavy metal and label it for all sorts of things because we need easy answers to complex questions , " Dunn says . "  I think that it 's easy to target a heavy metal band for inciting violence or making kids turn to a cult than it is to actually look at real problems in the real world . " It 's easy to see where the journalists , parents and religious groups get their ideas from . A quick scan of the lyrics of any heavy metal band worth its salt will often reveal some gasp-inducing subject matter . For instance in his film "  A Headbanger 's Journey , " Dunn quotes some of his favourite lyrics by a metal band called Autopsy : "  Burning from the inside out , bloody foam spews from your mouth , smell the putrid stench of flesh , as it burns you to your death . " Not the sort of poetry to be quoting to grandmother over lunch , but can such ludicrous gore really incite people to violence , not to mention murder ? As one young Norwegian metal fan told the UK 's Guardian newspaper : "  It 's all fantasy , none of this is real , you ca n't take this seriously , it 's just like a movie . " But compared to some of the images filling our cinema screens -- The Devil 's Rejects , Wolf Creek , The Passion of the Christ to name a few -- even Autopsy 's lyrics seem a little tame . "  I have listened to enough metal for me to essentially be a serial killer , " says James McMahon from UK music magazine NME . "  But there 's something in me that says no , that 's not what I believe life is about . Serial killers existed before Slayer , you know . " "  I 'm a big fan of horror movies but Hostel , Saw , those torture porn films , I found myself repulsed -- metal is pantomime comparatively . " As Alice Cooper quips : "  There 's more blood in ` Macbeth ' than in my shows and that 's required school reading . " For metal musicians , death , blood and mayhem , in its various guises , are all simply part of the act , part of "  the show . " "  I think it comes from being a child of the '70s , " says Iron Maiden 's lead singer Bruce Dickinson . "  I was brought up on Hammer horror movies and things like "  The Devil Rides Out , " classics like that . " "  So while we do the devil type things , it 's done ... I would n't always say in a tongue-in-cheek way , but there is an element of it . It 's done with a view to storytelling and drama , with a bit of dressing-up going on . " Iron Maiden has also endured its fair share of controversy . The title of its 1982 album , "  The Number of the Beast , " and repeated use of "  666 " in the titular track 's chorus had America 's religious right up in arms . They accused the band of being devil worshippers , Satanists and of "  trying to pervert our kids . " "  When I play that song I think , well , ok , this is n't glorifying the devil , because that 's certainly not what I would do , " says Iron Maiden drummer Nicko McBrain , a born-again Christian . "  It 's making an awareness that yes he 's out there , and you 've got to be aware . There is a man with 666 tattooed on his noggin somewhere . " Ironically , the fundamentalist reaction to "  The Number of the Beast " packed out Iron Maiden tour gigs in every American town they visited . Kids squeezed into arenas desperate to see what was scaring their parents so badly . Despite this marketing draw , Dickinson is keen to distance Iron Maiden from the violence for violence 's sake approach practiced by some of his contemporaries , such as musicians from the extreme Black Metal and Death Metal sub-genres . "  We 're not interested in being extreme , " he says . "  We 're interested in being interesting and in animating people 's imaginations with the stories that we tell and the songs . " It 's an approach that chimes with what one female Iron Maiden fan , Ruth , tells us , "  I really do n't see any violence in the fans and I have been to loads of their gigs , " she says . "  I am in a tiny minority of women , in a room full of men wearing black -- which should seem scary , but it totally is n't . The men hold doors open for me and apologize if they bash into me . They are basically really meek and polite . " So while upside-down crucifixes , homicidal zombies and lashings of blood might continue to fuel our preconceptions about heavy metal music , it 's worth remembering , appearances and reality can be very different beasts indeed .	Heavy metal used as a scapegoat according to anthropologist Storytelling and drama important , not violence , says Iron Maiden singer Heavy metal is pantomime compared to torture-porn films says NME journalist Iron Maiden accused of being Satanists in 1980s
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Oasis frontman Liam Gallagher on Saturday denied that he is the man shown pointing at the Google Street View camera as it drove past his local pub in London last summer . Liam Gallagher says the figure captured on Google Earth outside a pub in London is not him . "  Just saw google earth apparently that 's meant to be me , who ... wears legwarmers with reeboks ?? Not this kid !! LG , " he wrote on Twitter . Though available for a while in the United States , Google Street View only launched in Britain last week . As in America , the launch in Britain prompted people all over the country to try to find themselves or spot funny images and famous faces on the service . Gallagher was apparently spotted outside The Queens pub in Camden , in north London , a place he 's known to frequent . The picture shows a man dressed in a dark T-shirt and long shorts sitting at an outdoor table . He points at the camera , obviously having seen the Google car and its Street View camera drive by . The service blurs people 's faces so it is hard to confirm whether it is Gallagher . Though the man is n't wearing legwarmers , Gallagher is apparently talking about the man 's ankle-high shoes and thick black socks .	Oasis frontman Liam Gallagher denies Google Earth appearance Fans said man captured on camera drinking outside London pub was singer Gallagher said the man was too embarrassingly dressed to be him
CNN  -- Two catchphrases have dominated stories about women in the election cycle this year : "  the war on women " and "  having it all . " It is time to change the conversation . Women are the voters most likely to matter on November 6 -- they make up the majority of undecided voters and they outvote men . But to win women 's votes , Mitt Romney and President Obama must talk about what really matters to them . I know something about that from my students . The young women in my classes look to the future and want to know how to create workable lives for their families . They know about the pay gap . They know their earnings will matter to their families . They know their mothers are often starved for time . "  How are we supposed to do it ? " they ask , over and over . We have not been giving them good answers . Undoubtedly , the issues raised in claims about a "  war on women " and the difficulty of "  having it all " are important . But those arguments do n't fully address my students ' questions . In order for the candidates to speak directly to women , they need to talk about jobs , but not just any jobs.Â What matters are good jobs that make family lives sustainable . Pay equity is the tip of the iceberg . Consider this from the Center for American Progress : Including all workers , the median full-time female worker earned $ 10,784 less in 2010 than the median full-time male worker . Over a 40-year career , that wage gap adds up to more than $ 400,000 . This pay discrepancy affects the economic well-being of American households . Women comprise two-thirds of American family breadwinners and co-breadwinners . Inequality in pay means families have less money for quality child care , less education , fewer doctor visits and more scrambling to make ends meet , year in and year out . It 's not just households and family life that suffer . So does the economy . Studies confirm that stretched workers mean lower productivity . But pay alone wo n't make the difference . All workers have family responsibilities . When women ask about fair pay , they are also asking about how to get jobs that make it possible to take a sick child to the doctor . They are asking about how to make sure fathers can get away from work early enough to make dinner , too . Flexibility is a universal concern for American workers , not simply a women 's issue . As President Obama 's Council of Economic Advisers reported in 2009 , workplace flexibility increases productivity and reduces turnover and absenteeism . It 's good for the economy , and good for families . A Reuters poll this month showed that women make up 54 % of the undecided voters and their No. 1 concern is family well-being . Contraception and reproductive rights , of course , matter a great deal to female voters . But if that 's the only issue the candidates talk about , they ignore the worries that women wake up to every morning as they hustle children through bowls of cereal and pile out the door to work . Here is what the candidates can do : First , fight for the Paycheck Fairness Act , which would expand 1963 's Equal Pay Act and make it easier for women to compare their pay with that of fellow workers . Paycheck Fairness was blocked this year in Congress ; it needs to be reintroduced . In our service economy , women still dominate in the lowest-paid jobs . Because women 's pay has become more and more essential to their families , those historic inequities matter more and more . Second , fight for workplace flexibility . Family responsibilities burden all workers , men as well as women , regardless of pay . This is a social and economic reality that the nation must face . America needs leaders who will drag our workplaces out of the 1950s and into the 21st century . Finally , support paid sick days nationwide . Forty percent of the people in the work force do not have paid sick days , which puts them in danger of losing their jobs when they are sick ; millions more can not take sick days to care for their children . Support for the Healthy Families Act before Congress is critical . This legislation would grant workers up to seven job-protected paid sick days each year , to use not just when they are ill , but for helping sick family members and preventive care . There is still time , but not much , for me to tell my students that the candidates have some answers to their questions . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Kirsten Swinth .	Kirsten Swinth : Time to go beyond catchphrases "  war on women " and "  having it all " Women 's votes are crucial for both candidates , she says , but they need to talk about jobs Swinth : Women bring home all or a share of household income and family is top concern She says pay equity , sick leave and workplace flexibility are priorities in the real world
Sanaa , Yemen  CNN  -- The death toll from an explosion Monday at an ammunition factory in southern Yemen has risen to 150 , a government official and medical source said Tuesday . Eighty-five people were injured in the blast in Abyan Province , some critically , said the official , who asked not to be named out of fears for his safety . Eyewitnesses reported that about half of those killed were women and children . Security officials said Monday that most of the dead and injured were locals who had been ransacking the factory after it was taken over by militants Sunday . The provincial governor on Tuesday blamed al Qaeda for the explosion , the nation 's official news agency , Saba , reported . At a meeting , Gov. Saleh al-Zawari "  stressed the importance of cohesion and solidarity to stand together against these criminal and terrorist elements who try to hit the social peace in the governorate , " Saba said . The explosion took place after months of demonstrations targeting Yemeni President Ali Abdullah Saleh , as well as a weekend of clashes between government forces and al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula . People on both sides were killed , security forces said . Protests were taking place Tuesday in 11 locations throughout the country , with the largest crowds estimated in Taiz province , followed by the capital , Sanaa , witnesses said . Smaller crowds were seen in the provinces of Aden , Hodieda , Abyan , Shabwa , Mahweet , Baitha , Dhamar , Lahj and Hajjah , according to witnesses . "  We will continue for days , weeks and even months if we have to , " said Adel Qubati , a youth activist in Taiz . "  President Saleh 's tricks will only buy him more time , and we will assure that he leaves office in disgrace . " Another young activist , Nofel Abdul Moqni , said , "  Every day we stay under the sun protesting makes us stronger . " Saleh has been fighting to hold onto power , arguing that he is best equipped to lead the fight against Islamists . Yemen has been facing protests from people citing government corruption , a lack of political freedom , and high unemployment . Calls for Saleh 's ouster have increased in recent weeks following revolutions in Egypt and Tunisia . Saleh has ruled since 1978 . Saleh said Sunday he will not offer any more concessions , and he described the opposition as an alliance against the country 's majority , according to Saba . Opposition leaders rejected the president 's comments . The country has been wracked by a Shiite Muslim uprising , a U.S.-aided crackdown on al Qaeda operatives , and a looming shortage of water . Saleh has been a staunch U.S. ally in the fight against al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula . The president has said he accepts opposition demands for constitutional reforms and holding parliamentary elections by the end of the year . Saleh has also promised not to run for president in the next round of elections . CNN 's Mohammed Jamjoom and journalist Hakim Almasmari contributed to this report .	NEW : The provincial governor blames al Qaeda for the blast Officials say scores are dead and 85 people are injured , some critically Witnesses report that half of those killed were women and children The blast Monday comes after months of demonstrations in Yemen
A finding that Hezbollah is to blame for the bomb attack that killed five Israeli tourists in Bulgaria last July adds to pressure on the European Union to label the controversial group an outlaw terrorist organization . The Bulgarian government 's announcement of its conclusions Tuesday also could complicate life for Lebanon 's coalition government , of which Hezbollah is a member . Israelis killed in Bulgaria bus terror attack , minister says Bulgarian Interior Minister Tsvetan Tsvetanov told reporters in Sofia that of the three people who carried out the attack , "  We have established that two were members of the militant wing of Hezbollah . There is information that shows financing and the connection between Hezbollah and the two suspects . " He also said the pair had traveled on genuine Australian and Canadian passports , though it 's not clear whether the documents had been stolen . Bulgaria explosion comes amid growing Iranian-Israeli tension Hezbollah has said nothing about Israel 's previous accusation that it was responsible for the attack , which occurred outside a bus waiting at the airport in the Bulgarian resort of Burgas . The United States and Israel seized on the conclusion of the Bulgarian investigation to urge the EU to move against Hezbollah . President Barack Obama 's counterterrorism adviser , John Brennan , said Tuesday the investigation had exposed Hezbollah as "  a terrorist group that is willing to recklessly attack innocent men , women , and children , and that poses a real and growing threat not only to Europe , but to the rest of the world . " Read more : The inner workings of Hezbollah In a statement issued from the White House , Brennan said , "  Bulgaria 's implication of  Hezbollah  underscores the importance of international cooperation in disrupting terrorist threats . "  We call on our European partners as well as other members of the international community to take proactive action to uncover  Hezbollah 's  infrastructure and disrupt the group 's financing schemes and operational networks . " U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry reiterated the call for European countries to "  crack down on Hezbollah . " "  We need to send an unequivocal message to this terrorist group that it can no longer engage in despicable actions with impunity , " he said in a statement . Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu also commended the Bulgarian investigation , saying : "  The attack in Burgas was an attack on European soil against a member country of the EU . We hope that the Europeans draw the necessary conclusions as to the true character of Hezbollah . " Bulgarian bus attack is work of suicide bomber , minister says Canada also joined the chorus , with Foreign Minister John Baird issuing a statement saying : "  We urge the European Union and all partners who have not already done so to list Hezbollah as a terrorist entity and prosecute terrorist acts committed by this inhumane organization to the fullest possible extent . " A technical analysis of the explosion , carried out by a team of consultants and provided on background to CNN , said the Israeli tourists had placed their luggage in a baggage compartment along the side of the bus and were boarding when the explosion occurred . The bomb -- concealed in a backpack -- went off in a confined space between two buses , instantly killing four of the tourists and the bus driver , as well as the bomber . The consultants ' analysis of closed-circuit video of the suspected bomber waiting in the terminal and of the remains of the device suggests that the bomb was detonated by remote radio control . Residue from two radio transceivers was recovered from the scene , along with a dual-tone multiple-frequency circuit . The explosive charge was approximately 3 kilograms  6 pounds  of TNT and ammonite , probably obtained from a Bulgarian company , according to the consultants . Police release composite image of Bulgaria bus bomber Whether the bomber intended to kill himself is unclear . It is possible that he planned to load the backpack on the bus and detonate it remotely as it pulled away . The premature detonation of the device before all members of the Israeli group were on board the bus could have been caused by a malfunction or by violent movement , or it could have happened as the device was being armed . Alternatively , an accomplice could have detonated the bomb from a nearby vantage point , in which case the bomber may have been deceived about his true role in the attack . Read more : Iran in "  open war " with Israel Bulgarian investigators last month said their evidence was that the bombing was not intended as a suicide attack . Analysts say the attack was not that of a "  lone wolf " but rather required planning and reconnaissance , suggesting a well-orchestrated plan . Last year , Matthew Olsen , director of the U.S. National Counterterrorism Center , said in a congressional hearing that the Bulgarian attack could have been part of a growing international campaign of terror attacks by Hezbollah . "  Since May 2008 , Hezbollah plots against Israeli targets in Azerbaijan , Egypt and Israel have been disrupted , and additional operational activity in Turkey has reportedly been uncovered , " Olsen said . But while the United States has stepped up efforts to interdict Hezbollah 's international financial operations , the group has enjoyed greater freedom in Europe . Germany 's annual threat report in 2012 concluded that nearly 1,000 Hezbollah members and supporters lived there . Hezbollah raises money quietly in several European cities , according to intelligence agencies , to support its extensive network of social programs in Lebanon . Experts : Hezbollah positioned for attack in U.S Only the Netherlands among the main European governments describes Hezbollah as a terrorist organization . Britain distinguishes between its military wing -- which is proscribed -- and its work as a political party in Lebanon . France and other EU states do not characterize any part of Hezbollah as a terrorist organization . If the European Union moves toward unified sanctions against Hezbollah , the current Lebanese coalition government led by Prime Minister Najib Mikati may be in jeopardy Mohanad Hage Ali , a Lebanese expert on Hezbollah based at the London School of Economics , told CNN , "  Since Mikati formed his government two years ago , there has been steady European support . But since Hezbollah is part of this government , more EU member states are likely to dissociate themselves from Mikati 's government " if the link with the Bulgaria bombing is confirmed . "  Since the 1980s , " he added , "  the United States listing of Hezbollah on its list of terrorist organizations has been seen as a unilateral act , while the Lebanese party was improving its international relations , especially with EU states . This may now change . " Mikati said Tuesday his government is "  ready to cooperate in clarifying the circumstances " of the attack "  in fairness and safeguarding justice , " but he did not address the accusations against Hezbollah . Hage Ali said that if Hezbollah were designated a terrorist group by the EU it would virtually eliminate the European role in mediating between Hezbollah and Israel on such issues as negotiating prisoner exchanges . Germany has been especially active in mediating on humanitarian issues . But there have been signals in the past few months from senior figures in Angela Merkel 's coalition that the mood is shifting . Last August , the foreign policy spokesman for Merkel 's Christian Democratic Union , Philipp Missfelder , told the Jerusalem Post it was "  long overdue to place Hezbollah on the EU 's list of terror organizations . " The British foreign secretary , William Hague , has also called on the EU to reopen discussions on Hezbollah 's status .	Bulgaria announces that Hezbollah was behind a fatal attack in July Five Israeli tourists were killed in the bomb blast in Burgas , Bulgaria The United States and Israel urge the European Union to label Hezbollah a terror group A U.S. official notes a growing international campaign of terror attacks by Hezbollah
CNN  -- After his infamous "  brain freeze " that drew laughter and ridicule from his detractors , Texas Gov. Rick Perry poked fun at himself Thursday night while delivering the "  Top Ten " list on CBS ' "  The Late Show with David Letterman . " Perry sauntered on stage smiling , clapped his hands and saluted the crowd before rattling off the "  Top Ten Rick Perry Excuses . " Among them : No. 6 : "  You try concentrating with Mitt Romney smiling at you . That is one handsome dude ! " No. 5 : "  Uh , El Nino ? " No. 4 : "  I had a 5-hour Energy drink six hours before the debate . " No. 2 : "  I wanted to help take the heat off my buddy Herman Cain . " No. 1 : "  I just learned Justin Bieber is my father . " Perry made sure he was in control of the jokes after Wednesday 's GOP debate in Rochester , Michigan , when he said he would eliminate three federal agencies if elected president -- but could name only two of them . That produced a painful period of more than 50 seconds during which Perry tried in vain to remember the third federal agency . It ended only after Perry conceded that he could not remember it -- even after appearing to consult his notes . "  Oops , " he said . Perry has a chance to redeem himself on the debate front Saturday , when he is scheduled face off with other Republican presidential hopefuls at the CBS News-National Journal debate in South Carolina . The morning after the debacle , Perry said his "  brain freeze " showed he is not "  the slickest politician " among the field of Republican presidential hopefuls . His campaign , meanwhile , sought to raise funds off the gaffe , encouraging supporters to send $ 5 for every government agency they "  would like to forget . " Operatives from the left and the right slammed the moment as a potential sign of Perry 's campaign imploding . The New York Times quoted Mark McKinnon , an aide to former President George W. Bush , as calling the moment the "  human equivalent of shuttle Challenger . " Speaking to CNN 's Christine Romans on Thursday , Perry said , "  we need substance more than we need style " and tried to turn the incident into an attack on President Barack Obama . When Romans said that the president has to be "  debater in chief , " Perry responded , "  We 've got a debater in chief right now . And you 've got to ask yourself : How 's that working out for America ? " His campaign sent out a note to supporters saying , "  We 've all had human moments . " The note from "  Team Perry " points out that Obama , at a campaign stop during the 2008 election , referred to having visited "  57 states . " "  Ronald Reagan got lost somewhere on the Pacific Highway in an answer to a debate question , " the note adds . "  Gerald Ford ate a tamale without removing the husk . And tonight Rick Perry forgot the third agency he wants to eliminate . Just goes to show there are too damn many federal agencies . " In a 1984 debate against Walter Mondale , then-President Reagan delivered a closing statement that was widely viewed as rambling . He began by describing a day he had driven down the California coast . Reagan had to be cut off by the moderator . Ford , in 1976 , was meeting voters in Texas when he bit into a tamale . Unaware of how to eat it , he did not first remove the husk . At Wednesday 's debate , Perry was facing Texas Rep. Ron Paul when he started to answer the question . "  I will tell you , it is three agencies of government when I get there that are gone , " Perry said . "  Commerce , Education , and the -- what 's the third one there ? Let 's see . OK . Commerce , Education , and the ... " "  EPA ? " Mitt Romney offered . "  EPA , there you go , " Perry said . When pressed by moderator John Harwood if the Environmental Protection Agency was indeed the third agency he proposes shuttering , Perry admitted that it was n't . He then attempted again to remember the details from his plan . "  The third agency of government I would -- I would do away with Education , the Commerce , and , let 's see . I ca n't . The third one , I ca n't . Sorry . Oops . " Several minutes later , Perry clarified that the agency he was trying to remember was the Department of Energy . Perry was already saddled with a series of lackluster debate performances and is down in the polls . On Twitter , reaction was swift . "  Perry collapses . Can not remember a list of three federal government departments he wants to abolish past the first two . Seriously . And then he says ` oops . ' He has all but disappeared inside his suit in this debate and is now basically done , " conservative blogger Andrew Sullivan tweeted . Democratic strategist and CNN contributor Roland Martin exclaimed , "  Damn , he actually forgot the third federal agency he would get rid of ! That is THE MOST EMBARRASSING moment of any debate I 've seen ! " Appearing in the spin room after the debate , Perry tried to make light of the gaffe . "  I 'm sure glad I had my boots on , " he said , "  because I sure stepped in it out there . " CNN 's Kevin Liptak , Josh Levs and Peter Hamby contributed to this report .	NEW : Rick Perry is scheduled to participate in another debate Saturday Perry delivers the "  Top Ten " list on "  The Late Show with David Letterman " At Wednesday 's debate , Perry could name only 2 of 3 agencies he would eliminate Perry 's team points to gaffes by presidents Obama , Reagan and Ford
CNN  -- It is a well known fact that during times of war , women are often subjected to increased sexual violence . Less well known is that the same is true for men . Sexual violence against men is not limited to any particular part of the world . It 's not confined to a state 's armed forces or to rebel groups . Victims are civilians as well as detained soldiers . Perpetrators are male and female , and the sexual violence comes in different forms . When the words "  sexual violence " are mentioned , most people instinctively think of rape . While men are indeed raped , they are also subjected to a whole host of other atrocities . In some wars , castration is prevalent ; in others , male detainees are stripped of their clothes and forced to remain naked ; in still others , beating of the genitals is commonplace . Male victims have also been forced to rape other victims , sometimes even members of their own family . Take the civil war that is currently going on in Syria . There have been numerous reports of sexual violence , including sexual violence against men . Just last month , the U.N. Commission of Inquiry reported that sexual violence was being perpetrated against men and women in detention centers . In an earlier report , the Commission noted instances of rape , electric shocks to the genitals and forced rape of family members . And Syria is just one example . Research has shown that sexual violence has been committed against men in dozens of wars . In the last few years alone , there have been reports of wartime sexual violence against men , for example in the Democratic Republic of the Congo and the Central African Republic , as well as in situations of instability , for example in the 2007-2008 post-election violence in Kenya . Only a few studies have been undertaken on the subject , but the results of these are astonishing . One study , published in the Journal of the American Medical Association , found that 32.6 % of the adult male combatants surveyed in the Liberian conflict had experienced sexual violence . Another study , this time relating to the eastern part of the Democratic Republic of the Congo , found that 23.6 % of the men surveyed reported experiencing sexual violence , of which 64.5 % were exposed to conflict-related sexual violence . Not all conflicts will generate such high numbers , but even lower figures should be worrying . Indeed , there is likely an underreporting of male wartime sexual violence , akin to the underreporting of sexual violence generally . This is due to the shame , fear , guilt and stigma felt by victims . Despite the prevalence of sexual violence against men for many years , the silence on the issue has been deafening . In the last decade or so , there has been some limited progress . Today , there is often acknowledgment that men are subjected to sexual violence during wartime , and there are occasional media reports on the subject . In official reports , however , all too often , the issue is mentioned only in passing or is relegated to a footnote -- and the principal U.N. resolution on the subject focuses on female victims of sexual violence almost to the exclusion of male victims . Relatively few resources exist to assist male victims , with some organizations limiting their programs to female victims alone . And there have been very few prosecutions involving sexual violence of men before international criminal tribunals . The issue of wartime sexual violence generally has long been neglected . Things have started to change in recent years . However , attention has tended to focus on sexual violence against women and girls . That is an incredibly important issue , but it is imperative that other victims are not left behind . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Sandesh Sivakumaran .	Male victims of sexual violence during war are less well known than female victims Men are subjected to other atrocities as well as rape , says Sandesh Sivakumaran Syria 's civil war is just one example of where such crimes have been reported Research shows men have been victimized in dozens of wars , says Sivakumaran
CNN  -- A Washington woman who hid a sedated monkey under her blouse on a flight from Thailand was convicted of violating wildlife laws for smuggling the monkey into the United States , prosecutors said Tuesday . Authorities rescued the monkey from Gypsy Lawson 's fake womb . Gypsy Lawson , 28 , and her mother , Fran Ogren , 56 , were convicted of smuggling and conspiracy to smuggle the monkey in violation of the Endangered Species Act and other federal laws . Lawson hid the young rhesus macaque monkey under a loose-fitting blouse on a flight from Bangkok , Thailand , to Los Angeles , California , International Airport , pretending she was pregnant , the U.S. Attorneys Office for the Eastern District of Washington said . Permits are required to possess rhesus monkeys and many other species of animals . Such permits are granted for research , enhancement and conservation purposes . Additionally , transporting such species into the United States requires a customs declaration . Lawson and Ogren had neither . "  These defendants purposely undertook a course of action which could well have endangered many citizens , as well as the life of the animal in question , " said U.S. Attorney James McDevitt . Rhesus monkeys are known to carry viruses and parasites that can be transmitted to humans , said Paul Chang , a U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service agent . "  This particular animal tested negative , " he said . Chang said the monkey has been placed with a rescue center for abandoned primates , "  but it could have been living out its life with its family in its native habitat . " Authorities found journals and handwritten notes describing the mother and daughter 's attempts to find a monkey small enough to smuggle back to the United States . The journal also described the pair 's "  acquisition of a small monkey and their experimenting with different medicines to sedate the monkey for their journey home , " McDevitt 's office said . Authorities also found photographs of Lawson at two airports and on an airplane in which she is wearing loose-fitting clothing and appears to be pregnant . "  The journal confirms that she and her mother smuggled the monkey into the United States by hiding it under her shirt , pretending she was pregnant in order to get past authorities , " the statement from McDevitt 's office said . Co-defendant James Edward Pratt , 34 , already has pleaded guilty to misdemeanor charges of possession and transportation of prohibited wildlife . He will be sentenced in January . Sentencing for Lawson and Ogren is scheduled for March 3 , 2009 . The smuggling conviction carries a maximum sentence of 20 years in prison , a $ 250,000 fine and up to three years of court supervision after release . The conspiracy charge carries a maximum of five years in prison , a $ 250,000 fine and up to three years of court supervision after release . Flight itineraries show the pair flew from Spokane , Washington , to Bangkok on November 4-5 , 2007 , with stops in Seattle , Washington , and Inchon , South Korea . They returned on a direct flight from Bangkok to Los Angeles , California , on November 28 , 2007 .	Gypsy Lawson , 28 , faked pregnancy to hide sedated monkey under her blouse Lawson , mother convicted of conspiracy , smuggling for taking monkey from Thailand Prosecutors say they found notes between women planning the smuggling Smuggling conviction carries maximum 20-year sentence
Washington  CNN  -- The Obama administration is proposing rules to govern the sale and transfer of ammonium nitrate , a potentially explosive substance that was used in the 1995 Oklahoma City bombing and reportedly was a component in the July bomb attack on a government building in Oslo , Norway . The Department of Homeland Security on Tuesday announced proposed rules for an Ammonium Nitrate Security Program that would affect anyone who buys at least 25 pounds of the material . Those who want to buy or sell ammonium nitrate would be required to register with the federal government and their names would be run against the FBI 's Terrorist Screening Database of known or suspected terrorists . "  In today 's ever-evolving threat environment , we must continually reinforce the security of substances , such as ammonium nitrate , which can be used for legitimate purposes or exploited by terrorists , " Department of Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano said in a statement on the proposal . Napolitano said the government wants to secure potentially dangerous amounts of the chemical while not hampering legitimate use . Ammonium nitrate is commonly used in farm and landscaping fertilizers as well as in already-regulated commercial explosives for construction and mining . Under the new program , those who sell the chemical would be required to keep their records and report any instances of theft or loss within 24 hours of discovery . The 200-page proposal for the Ammonium Nitrate Security Program has been posted on the Federal Register and the public now has 120 days to comment . The Chemical Facility Anti-Terrorism Standards Program already regulates facilities that possess more than 2,000 pounds of fertilizer-grade ammonium nitrate or 400 pounds of the explosives grade of the material , according a Department of Homeland Security official . In addition , in recent years , sellers and the government have participated in voluntary programs to protect ammonium nitrate . In 1995 , Timothy McVeigh rented a Ryder truck and filled it with ammonium nitrate and fuel oil to construct a vehicle bomb he then used to blow up the Alfred P. Murrah Federal building in Oklahoma City . The blast killed 168 people .	The Department of Homeland Security wants tighter control of ammonium nitrate The material "  can be used for legitimate purposes or exploited by terrorists , " Napolitano says The rule would require those who want to buy or sell more than 25 pounds to register
CNN  -- Ohio Gov. Ted Strickland on Tuesday gave a death-row inmate a one-week reprieve after authorities tried for hours to find a vein to administer his lethal injection . Romell Broom was convicted of raping and killing a 14-year-old girl in Cleveland , Ohio . "  Difficulties in administering the execution protocol necessitate a temporary reprieve , " said Strickland 's Warrant of Reprieve , filed in court Tuesday afternoon in the case of inmate Romell Broom . Broom 's defense attorney , Tim Sweeney , wrote Ohio Supreme Court Chief Justice Thomas Moyer on Tuesday that , "  I am advised by my co-counsel , Adele Shank , who is at the prison in Lucasville , that the execution team has been attempting since approximately 1 p.m. this afternoon to obtain IV access to a site in Mr. Broom 's body in order for the lethal injections to be administered , but without any success . "  It appears ... that these efforts have been going on now for almost two hours , and that the execution team members have evidently now taken a ` break , ' " Sweeney wrote . Broom 's execution was initially scheduled for 10 a.m. ET , but was delayed for legal reasons and rescheduled for Tuesday afternoon , Sweeney told CNN . "  When such allegedly skilled professionals have taken this much time without successfully achieving IV access , there comes a point of diminishing returns , and a point when further attempts are cruel and counterproductive , " Sweeney wrote to Moyer . "  I believe we have reached that point here . " Sweeney had earlier said he was in the process of filing an appeal to halt the execution for Tuesday , claiming it was not being carried out according to the state constitution . Calls by CNN to state officials were not immediately returned . Strickland 's document directs the Ohio Department of Rehabilitation and Correction to carry out Broom 's execution on September 22 , "  unless further reprieve or clemency is granted . " Broom , 52 , was convicted of murdering a 14-year-old girl in Cleveland in 1984 , according to a death clemency report . In May 2006 , Ohio officials took nearly 90 minutes to carry out the execution of Joseph Clark because of problems finding a vein . Once they did find one , it collapsed , according to the Toledo Blade . Clark repeatedly shook his head , according to the newspaper , and told officials , "  It do n't work . " A year later , Ohio inmate Christopher Newton 's execution reportedly took two hours after a prison team had trouble finding a vein . CNN 's Chuck Johnston contributed to this report	Ohio Gov. Ted Strickland gave reprieve to Romell Broom , 52 Authorities tried for hours to find a vein to administer lethal injection Broom 's execution was initially scheduled for 10 a.m. ET , delayed for legal reasons
An Israeli soldier was killed Sunday in a shooting along the Israel-Lebanon border , according to the Israel Defense Forces . The soldier was treated at the scene , then evacuated to a hospital . He later died of his wounds . Later , around midnight , as soldiers in the area conducted an investigation , "  suspicious people " were identified and "  due to a threat , precise shots were fired at the suspects identified as Lebanese soldiers , and one suspect was hit , " an Israel Defense Forces statement said . Earlier Sunday , a spokesman for the United Nations Interim Force in Lebanon , or UNIFIL , had said that a "  serious shooting incident " was taking place along the Israel-Lebanon border . It was not immediately clear who was shooting at whom , Andrea Treneti said then . Commanders from both sides were talking to the head of the UNIFIL mission to establish what happened . U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon 's office issued a statement deploring the shooting and calling for restraint on both sides . Israeli and Lebanese forces are cooperating in the investigation , the statement said . The soldier was shot while driving along the border near Rosh Hanikra , according to the IDF . An initial inquiry confirmed the sniper is a member of the Lebanese Armed Forces , it said , adding that further investigation is under way . According to the Lebanese National News Agency , army troops opened fire on Israeli soldiers near the border . UNIFIL has been in southern Lebanon since a 1978 conflict with Israel . After the 2006 war between Israel and Lebanon 's Hezbollah militia , the peacekeepers ' mandate was expanded to include helping Lebanon keep the country 's south "  free of any armed personnel , assets and weapons " other than government troops . Cross-border fire has been rare since the Israel-Hezbollah war . In late August , the Israeli air force conducted a strike in Lebanon between Beirut and Sidon , a day after rockets struck northern Israel , according to the IDF . There were no casualties . Israel halts plan that would displace Bedouins Syrian refugees face miserable winter in Lebanon	Soldiers fire at "  suspicious people , " hitting 1 , Israel Defense Forces say United Nations secretary-general issues a statement deploring the shooting Cross-border fire has been rare since the Israel-Hezbollah war UNIFIL has been in southern Lebanon since a 1978 conflict with Israel
MOSCOW , Russia -- UEFA have confirmed that Slovakian referee Lubos Michel will take charge of Wednesday 's Champions League final between Manchester United and Chelsea in Moscow . Michel refereed the 2003 UEFA Cup final when Jose Mourinho 's Porto beat Celtic . Michel , 40 last week , is remembered by Chelsea fans for controversially awarding a goal to Liverpool against the Londoners in the semifinals of the 2005 competition . Chelsea 's manager at the time Jose Mourinho always insisted that Luis Garcia 's shot did not cross the line . Michel is regarded as one of the top referees in the world and officiated at Euro 2004 and the 2006 World Cup , including the tense Germany v Argentina game in the first knock-out round . He also refereed the 2003 UEFA Cup final when Mourinho 's Porto triumphed over Celtic . Michel speaks English , Russian , German and Polish as well as his native language . Michel will be supported at the Luzhniki Stadium by the assistant referees who have partnered him at major tournaments - Roman Slysko  34  and Martin Balko  36  . The fourth official will be Vladimir Hrinak  44  , also from Slovakia . Meanwhile , senior police officers from Manchester traveled to Moscow on Monday to help prevent fan violence from marring the final . Manchester police will serve in an advisory role as Russian authorities prepare for Wednesday 's match . "  A number of my officers and I have flown out to Moscow to meet local police and help draw up arrangements to police the fixture , " said chief superintendent Janette McCormick . "  Although GMP officers have no powers of arrest abroad and ultimate responsibility for policing the game lies with the Russian authorities , we have been gathering intelligence on potential and known troublemakers and GMP officers will be in Moscow in an advisory role , " McCormick added . As Manchester United flew out on Monday , plain-clothed intelligence officers were stationed at Manchester Airport to target known or potential troublemakers from heading to the Russian capital . Ban orders imposed on fans with soccer-related convictions will be rigorously enforced in the next two days to prevent them from flying to Moscow . "  As with all operations like this , we are sending out a clear message to people intending to travel to commit violence to think again , " said police chief inspector Robert Tinsley , who is based at the airport . The airport is expecting 20,000 more passengers than usual to be flying to Moscow . The British embassy in Moscow have announced that their consular section will stay open on May 21 and 22 to help English fans arriving for the final . "  The consular department will extend their working hours on Wednesday and Thursday to support English citizens coming here to watch the Champions ' League final , " the embassy press service said . The press service report added that a 24-hour telephone "  hot line " would be organized by the embassy .	Lubos Michel will referee Wednesday 's Champions League final in Moscow Fellow-Slovakians Roman Slysko and Martin Balko will be his two assistants Vladimir Hrinak will be fourth official at the Manchester Utd v Chelsea clash
CNN  -- Myanmar has invited the United States and the European Union to send representatives to observe elections in April , according to officials in the region . Surin Pitsuwan , the secretary-general of the Association of Southeast Asian Nations , said in a post Wednesday on his official Twitter account that Myanmar 's deputy minister for foreign affairs had told him that all members of the association 's regional forum were invited to observe the elections . The regional forum is much broader than the association 's core membership and includes the United States and the European Union , as well as big Asian democracies such as India and Japan . An official from Myanmar 's Information Ministry , who spoke on the condition of anonymity because he was n't authorized to speak publicly on the matter , confirmed that the country had offered to let the U.S. and the EU election monitors observe the by-elections due to be held on April 1 . International attention is focused on the April elections , which are seen as a test of the Myanmar 's government 's commitment to lasting political reform . The international community has applauded recent steps toward greater openness in Myanmar , also known as Burma , long secluded from the rest of the world after a military junta grabbed power in 1962 . The generals are loosening their grip after international sanctions and criticism over their regime 's human rights record . The opposition leader Aung San Suu Kyi and her party , the National League for Democracy , will participate in the by-elections after boycotting previous votes . Suu Kyi , who was released from years under house arrest in 2010 , has been crisscrossing the country to attend election rallies . Earlier this month , state television broadcast an election campaign speech by Suu Kyi , a Nobel Peace Prize laureate , for the first time . On Tuesday , the Association of Southeast Asian Nations said that Myanmar had invited member states of the organization to each send two legislators and three media representatives to observe the elections . The 10-member association comprises of Brunei , Cambodia , Indonesia , Laos , Malaysia , Myanmar , the Philippines , Singapore , Thailand and Vietnam . Its goal is to promote economic growth and regional stability . CNN 's Jethro Mullen and Kathy Quiano contributed to this report .	April by-elections in Myanmar are seen as a test of recent reforms The government has invited the U.S. and EU to send observers , official says Other countries in the region have also been invited to send monitors Pro-democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi and her party are participating in the elections
CNN  The Manhattan clinic that treated comedian Joan Rivers before her death made a number of serious mistakes , including failing to identify deteriorating vital signs , and providing timely intervention , according to a report released Monday . The report , issued by the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services  CMS  , a federal agency , did not mention Rivers by name , but referred an 81-year-old female , or Patient # 1 . The description of that patient and the procedures she underwent match what 's known about Rivers , including her age and the date of her appointment . CMS declined to say whether the patient referenced in the report is Rivers . The famed 81-year-old entertainer died September 4 , a week after an appointment at Manhattan 's Yorkville Endoscopy clinic . Among the major errors CMS found the clinic committed are : -- Failing to identify deteriorating vital signs and provide timely intervention ; -- Failing to record Rivers ' weight , prior to the administration of medication for sedation ; -- Failing to consistently document the dose of Propofol , a sedative , administered ; -- Failing to get Rivers ' informed consent for each procedure performed ; -- Failing to ensure that she was cared for only by physicians granted privilege in accordance with the clinic 's bylaws ; -- And finally , failing to abide by its own cell phone policy  the report found that a photograph was taken of a surgeon and Rivers while she was under sedation  . Yorkville Endoscopy released a statement in response to the report , saying it has been cooperative and already taken steps to correct the situation . "  In response to the statement of deficiencies , Yorkville immediately submitted and implemented a plan of correction that addressed all issues raised . The regulatory agencies are currently reviewing the corrective plan of action and have been in regular contact with Yorkville . "  In addition , the physicians involved in the direct care and treatment referenced in the report no longer practice or provide services at Yorkville , " it said . Rivers ' appointment at the clinic was on August 28 . Paramedics rushed Rivers from the clinic to New York 's Mount Sinai Hospital a mile away , where she was kept on life support until she died a week later . Her daughter , Melissa , "  is terribly disappointed to learn of the multiple failings on the part of medical personnel and the clinic as evidenced by the CMS report , " according to a statement from her attorneys . "  As any of us would be , Ms. Rivers is outraged by the misconduct and mismanagement now shown to have occurred before , during and after the procedure , " it read . The New York medical examiner ruled last month that Rivers died of "  therapeutic complications " during a procedure to evaluate her "  voice changes " and stomach reflux . CNN 's Carolyn Sung contributed to this report .	Rivers , 81 , died a week after an appointment at Yorkville Endoscopy clinic A federal agency says the clinic failed to identify deteriorating vital signs It also failed to record Rivers ' weight prior to sedating her , the agency reports
Sirte , Libya  CNN  -- On the outskirts of Sirte , a mansion with a columned facade lies in ruins , though its opulence is still evident under shattered glass and chunks of concrete . This was Moammar Gadhafi 's home in the city of his birth . The house had its own salon with barber chairs and massage tables . Ornate four-poster beds furnished the bedrooms and there were lavish decorations all around . In the basement is a large conference room . Is this where Gadhafi planned his last stand or arranged for his escape ? The deposed leader has not been seen in public for months . His whereabouts are unknown but some believe he may still be hiding in Sirte . People wandering through the house are stunned . They thought Gadhafi lived in a tent . Most residents have abandoned Sirte after a month of fierce battles . Revolutionary forces have fought Gadhafi loyalists street by street , cornering the last vestiges of the old regime to one district . With their backs to the Mediterranean , the loyalists used machine gun nests and snipers atop buildings to fight back Friday . The sound of rockets and artillery pierced the air ; smoke billowed over the skyline . Time and time again , the revolutionaries have come to the brink of victory . But they have not been able to claim it yet . Until they do , the National Transitional Council will not declare liberation in Libya . Taking control of Gadhafi 's hometown is key to moving forward in building a new nation . Medicins Sans Frontieres  MSF or in English , Doctors Without Borders  said some of Sirte 's residents remain trapped in the fighting . The medical charity said it has been able to work at the Ibn Sina hospital . from where the International Committee of the Red Cross is evacuating patients to Tripoli . The 50 remaining patients are mostly people who have suffered violent trauma , severe burns and fractures , according to MSF . Almost all patients need daily dressing and immediate medical care . There are also some pregnant women in the hospital . There is no water supply in the hospital and one of four operating theaters has been shelled , MSF said . The medical staff has been working around the clock and are showing signs of exhaustion and post-traumatic stress disorder . Outside , a rag-tag army marches into battle again , many of the men strangely nonchalant as they stroll to the fight . Friday , the transitional council fighters were forced to retreat . They will regroup and push again , hoping for a highly anticipated victory . CNN 's Dan Rivers and Mohammed Tawfeeq contributed to this report .	Moammar Gadhafi 's house had ornate furnishings and a salon with barber chairs Gadhafi loyalists are still putting up a fight in the deposed leader 's hometown Sirte is largely deserted after a month of fighting Libya 's new leadership is waiting for Sirte to fall to declare liberation
CNN  -- Whether you 're seeking a blissful beach retreat , a funky conversion or the perfect exotic hideaway , there 's a hotel for nearly everyone on the third annual Fodor 's 100 Hotel Awards , released Friday . This year 's winners came from 43 countries , with Europe dominating the list with 30 hotels and the United States coming in second with 28 hotels . The list also includes newcomers from Myanmar and Colombia . Fodor 's 500 global contributors nominated 4,000 hotels from the 17,000 properties they review annually , which include Fodor 's Choice picks . Fourteen Fodor 's editors chose the winners from the nominations . Award winners fell into one the following eight categories : Blissful beach retreats , creative conversions , culinary gems , enduring classics , exotic hideaways , home suite homes , local characters and sleek city addresses . "  What 's really nice about this list is there 's something on this list for everyone . It 's not just about out-of-reach options . There are interesting places for people to stay at any price point , " says Arabella Bowen , Fodor 's Travel executive editorial director . CNN.com asked Fodor 's to choose one hotel in each category to recommend to our readers . Click on the gallery to see if you agree with their choices .	Award-winning hotels were chosen by Fodor 's from 4,000 nominations Winners came from 43 countries , including newcomers Colombia and Myanmar Categories include blissful beach retreats and culinary gems
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The State Department called the expulsion of the second U.S. diplomat from Ecuador in just over a week "  unjustified , " rejecting charges the diplomats meddled in Ecuador 's internal affairs . First Secretary Mark Sullivan has been given 48 hours to leave the U.S. embassy in Quito , Ecuador . On Wednesday , the Ecuadorian government expelled First Secretary Mark Sullivan , whom it accused of meddling in the government 's internal police policies , giving him 48 hours to leave the country . On February 7 , the government expelled Armando Astorga , an attaché with the Department of Homeland Security working in the U.S. Embassy . Acting Deputy Spokesman Gordon Duguid said the expulsions stem from the fact that certain Ecuadorian police were banned from taking part in U.S. counternarcotics training programs , but rejected "  any suggestion of wrongdoing by embassy staff . " "  Despite the government of Ecuador 's unjustified actions , we remain committed to working collaboratively with Ecuador to confront narcotics trafficking , " Duguid said . Asked whether the State Department would reciprocate the expulsions by kicking out Ecuadorian diplomats from the United States , Duguid would say only , "  We will respond as appropriate . " A senior State Department official suggested the police in Ecuador police did not meet the criteria to take part in the training , noting , "  The United States does have procedures that require it to vet candidates for U.S.-funded training . " The official added , "  In some countries this is seen as onerous . However , it is part of the legal accountability measures we must follow . "	Government gives First Secretary Mark Sullivan 48 hours to leave the country Sullivan is accused of meddling in internal police policies The State Department calls the action ` unjustified ' He 's the second U.S. diplomat Ecuador has expelled in just over a week
London  CNN  -- Tabloid The Sun on Friday became the first mainstream British newspaper to publish photographs of a vacationing Prince Harry in the nude . The pictures of the prince , showing him naked in a hotel suite while he was on vacation last week in Las Vegas , were widely available on the Internet after website TMZ published them Tuesday . But British newspapers initially declined to publish them . The Sun 's front page , headlined "  Heir it is ! " -- a play on Harry 's status as third in line to the throne -- shows the 27-year-old prince naked except for a watch and necklace , protecting his modesty with his cupped hands . A second image widely circulated online , which shows Harry hugging a woman from behind next to a pool table , both of them naked , is also printed in the paper , with a large crown superimposed across his bottom . Ryan Lochte : Glad he missed Prince Harry 's after party The newspaper defends its decision to go ahead with publishing the image as being in the interests of a free press . "  The Sun is NOT making any moral judgement about Harry 's nude frolics with girls in a Las Vegas hotel . Far from it . He often sails close to the wind for a Royal - but he 's 27 , single and a soldier . We like him , " the story reads . "  We are publishing the photos because we think Sun readers have a right to see them . " There is "  a clear public interest " in making the image available to everyone , regardless of whether they have internet access , so they can join the debate on his behavior , the newspaper argues . The tabloid is Britain 's biggest daily paper in terms of circulation . A spokeswoman for the Press Complaints Commission , the UK press watchdog , said that it had not yet received a complaint from the Palace in regards to The Sun 's publication of the photographs . Royal officials had urged the UK media not to breach the prince 's privacy by publishing the pictures . A spokeswoman for St. James ' Palace said editors are at liberty to make their own decisions . "  We have made our views on Prince Harry 's privacy known . Newspaper regulate themselves , so the publication of the photographs is ultimately a decision for editors to make , " the palace said . "  We have no further comment to make , either on the publication of the photos or on the story itself , concerning Prince Harry 's private holiday in Las Vegas . " David Dinsmore , managing editor of The Sun , said Thursday that his group "  thought long and hard about this , " but ultimately decided to publish the images because news consumers could access them elsewhere . A tale of two brothers : Harry vs. William "  This is about the ludicrous situation where a picture can be seen by hundreds of millions of people around the world on the Internet , but ca n't be seen in the nation 's favorite paper read by 8 million people every day , " he said . Dinsmore also said that The Sun is "  a responsible paper and it works closely with the royal family " and that "  we take heed of their wishes . " "  We 're also big fans of Prince Harry . He does a huge amount of work for this country and for the military and for the image of both of those institutions , " Dinsmore said . "  We are not against him letting his hair down once in a while . For us , this is about the freedom of the press . " Sky News ' managing editor , Peter Lowe , wrote in a blog post Thursday that the satellite broadcaster , which is also part of Rupert Murdoch 's News Corp. empire , did not intend to publish because it accepts that Harry "  has a reasonable expectation of privacy " while in a hotel room on vacation . "  Clearly millions of people want to see what the third-in-line to the throne looks like in his birthday suit , judging by the clicks on the websites that are showing them , " he writes . "  But just because people have a voyeuristic interest in looking at the pictures , it does n't mean Sky News needs to show them either online or on TV . "  They serve no purpose for our audience and seeing the precise contours of the royal body exposed in all their glory is not in the public interest , even if the public is interested . " The BBC , Britain 's publicly-funded broadcaster , also said it did not plan to publish the grainy images -- and it broadcast footage of The Sun 's front page with the photo of the naked prince backed out . "  We decided at the very start that there was no public interest in showing the pictures , " a spokesman said . The hesitation to publish such photos , even those of royals , is somewhat new to British papers . Prince Charles , Prince Andrew and the Duchess of York , Sarah Ferguson , have all been caught up in tabloid scandals -- with or without embarrassing photos to accompany them . But things changed in the past 18 months , with the discovery of the full scale of a media phone-hacking scandal . This forced the closure of the News of the World tabloid and prompted an inquiry into British press standards , led by Lord Justice Leveson . Naked Harry scandal a watershed moment for UK press After months of evidence , Lord Leveson is deciding whether to recommend new rules governing the conduct of the UK media . Until his report is ready , analysts have said , editors do n't want to take too many chances . In a blog for the Huffington Post this week , Neil Wallis , former deputy editor of The Sun and the now-defunct News of the World , said the dilemma over whether to use the Prince Harry photographs was "  nothing to do with journalistic merit , nothing to do with the merits of the story , nothing to do with legal issues , nothing even to do with journalistic ethics ... "  The decisions are being reached on the basis of : ` What will Lord Leveson think ? ' And that is shocking , it is outrageous , it is a disgraceful affront to free speech . " Some commentators also have suggested that part of the reason for the British media 's hesitation is the fact that , in the wake of a series of good news stories including Queen Elizabeth II 's Diamond Jubilee , the royals ' stock is higher now than it has been in decades . Writing in the New Statesman , Steven Baxter claimed the papers were refusing to use the pictures not out of "  fear of regulators but fear of their own readers , " adding that Prince Harry and his kin "  are celebrities , like others , but untouchable ones . " Pending any changes in the wake of the Leveson Inquiry , British newspaper editors are bound by the Press Complaints Commission 's Code of Practice , which says that "  everyone is entitled to respect for his or her private and family life , " and that "  it is unacceptable to photograph individuals in private places without their consent . " There are exceptions for cases "  in the public interest . " Reacting to the Sun 's decision Thursday , Mark Stephens , a British media lawyer , said he was n't convinced the Prince Harry pictures rose to that level . "  Sun to publish Prince Harry pics . So what 's the public interest ? Or is it just a blatant publicity stunt ? " Stephens posted to Twitter . Former British Deputy Prime Minister John Prescott , referring to The Sun 's owner Rupert Murdoch , tweeted Thursday that "  tonight 's decision by @rupertmurdoch to allow The Sun to print the private Harry photos shows his contempt for the PCC , Leveson & the law . " How ` soldier prince ' Harry tore up royal rule book CNN 's Jo Shelley contributed to this report .	NEW : St. James ' Palace : "  We have made our views on Prince Harry 's privacy known " The Sun is the first mainstream UK newspaper to publish the photographs It says there is "  a clear public interest " argument for their publication Prince Harry was in a hotel suite in Las Vegas when the naked snaps were taken
Parenting.com  -- It was n't until soccer referee Ricardo Portillo died that I started to really think about what happened there , and not just because I grew up on the field myself . Like Portillo , my father was a volunteer referee . He was my coach for years in the town league . When I grew up and moved on , he missed those days of camaraderie and competition . He missed supporting kids and being a part of their development , teaching them to love the game , to deal appropriately with the highs and the lows . So , when I no longer provided even a sideline to invest in , he volunteered . I was happy he was getting involved . He knew the game , and kids , so well by then . I can not imagine it being the death of him like it was for Portillo who died Saturday night , a week after a punch from a 17-year-old player put him in a coma in the Salt Lake City suburb of Taylorsville . Portillo was issuing a yellow card -- a warning card , not an expulsion card - against the player who had been arguing with him . That player punched him in the side of the head , causing serious injury . While the cause of death has yet to be officially confirmed , Portillo never woke up from the resulting coma . The secret risk of youth sports I 've been in adult coed games where I feared for somebody 's well being off the field . It was scary  and annoying , quite frankly , because it disrupted play while we all sat around watching someone get calmed down  . But , as a lifetime athlete , I 'm also kind of familiar with that aggression , granted on a much smaller scale , and I see the seeds of it in my children . If genetics are anything , my husband and I have blessed our daughters with natural athletic ability and cursed them with an unnatural intensity and self-criticism . My husband threw racquets . I hyperventilated and sulked and once even stomped off a field yelling obscenities at my coach . We watch our older daughter , Avina , who is 3 1/2 , and joke about how she 's doomed to be like us , but really , we 're both concerned . Like any kid , Avina wants us to watch every chassÃ © , every somersault , and if she ca n't do something , she almost immediately yells "  I ca n't do it ! " then throws whatever 's in her hand and marches off . So young , and already her above average coordination is mixing poorly with a need for perfection . 5 anger management tips for children That 's what Dr. Patrick Cohn , a youth sports psychologist in Orlando and founder of youthsportspsychology.com , calls it -- perfectionism . It 's that self-criticism so common to athletes that can intensify in the teen years , because , well , they 're adolescents . "  Perfectionists have a difficult time with making mistakes , " Cohn said , when asked how to cultivate resilience on the sports field . "  We help these athletes manage their high expectations about performance and to react better to mistakes . "  Many children link their self-esteem with their performance . If they perform badly , their self-esteem suffers . It 's important for parents to help their kids separate their self-worth from achievement in sports . " Cohn specializes in how mental attitudes shape performance and works with professional teams , athletes , parents , even corporations , on how to develop that attitude . How to prevent sports injuries in kids Not only is this strength , this ability to cope with adversity , with challenge , an excellent life skill , it 's also , as we see more and more these days , about safety . A competitive sport inherently involves some aggression ; how do we know when a kid is crossing a line ? How do we prevent or police the transition from competitive to dangerously aggressive ? "  Sports itself requires athletes to assert themselves against an opponent , such as to obtain possession of a soccer ball or basketball , " Cohn said . "  But athletes cross the line between assertive behavior and aggressive behavior when they break the rules in sports or intentionally try to harm other athletes , coaches , or referees . " And this is more likely to happen when athletes become frustrated or angry . So , if we teach them to deal with frustration and anger , we can help prevent violence , of any scale , on the field . My outbursts were minimal when I was younger , when my father was an active part of my game experience . He was known for how level headed and fair he was . And this rubbed off on all of us . Granted , later , when I became more independent and my parents were less involved , my temper flared . Maybe I was missing other role models . I 'm sure I was tying my self-worth to my game . Certainly , when I had a supportive coach , I acted out less . Parents are key to cultivating this capability , but , Cohn says , everybody is responsible for modeling as well as actively making a healthy attitude happen -- parents , coaches , even the leagues , which should set up bylaws , outlining acceptable behavior , and then enforce those rules . "  And the parents ca n't be afraid to report bullying or bad behavior . Athletes , as well , should look out for their teammates , " Cohn notes . Why I told my daughter she sucks at sports According to his daughter , Johana Portillo , her father was a ref because he was passionate about the game . "  He loved soccer , " she told CNN . "  We just never thought this was going to happen . He loved what he did and it was his passion . " As an adult , when I was somehow completely free of social and personal pressure , I would often sit in my car after a soccer game , removing my muddy cleats , reflecting on how truly joyous it is to play just for the love of it . I want my children to feel that from the start , free from violent disruptions , both internal and external . Because there is no role model more powerful than a parent , and no better way to take back our ball fields than raising kids with composure , here are more tools for parents on how to raise real athletes , on and off the field . Tools for Parents Dr. Cohn created a pre - and post-game checklist to help parents encourage balance and positivity in their child 's athletic experience . Some of the to-dos will be more challenging than others . In general , the message is : stay positive , calm , neutral , and leave the game on the field . This will help your child keep his sense of self-worth separate from performance and help him trust his coach and the officials . 5 Pre-game To-Dos 1 . Help your child or teen feel confident about today 's game or competition . If you discuss the game , remember to be positive about your athlete 's past experiences and successes . Do n't point out mistakes or losses . Stay away from the subject of avoiding mistakes from previous games . Say , "  Have fun ! I know you 'll do your best ! " 2 . Leave the coaching to the coach . Show that you support the coach 's decisions . Do n't talk about how you 'd like the coach to manage the team or how you disagree with some of his decisions . This will undermine your athletes ' confidence and trust . They need to enter the game trusting their coaches . 3 . Keep your emotions in check . Be a good role model for composure . If you show that you 're jittery , nervous , or worried about the game or competition , your child or teen will likely be affected by these feelings . 4 . Be a good fan . Be composed on the sidelines before the game . Demonstrate your trust in the coach , the players , and the referees . Do n't express your feelings about who should play , or how the coach should play the kids , or how you view a particular ref . Be only positive and supportive . Find ways to support the teamâ $ " by bringing water or snacks , for example , or serving as scorekeeper if the team needs a parent to do this . 5 . Avoid prolonged discussions about your athlete 's technique or mechanics before the game . Practice time is over . Just before a game , athletes need to believe in what they 've learned and trust in their abilities . If you focus too much on mechanics and technique , they may freeze up . It may be difficult for them to play freely and with trust in their abilities . Avoid saying things like , "  Remember the Square Drill and be sure to kick with the side of your foot instead of your toe . " Say instead , "  Go for it ! Have a blast . " 5 Post-Game To-Dos 1 . Start by making two positive comments about your son or daughter 's game . Pick out two simple areas you can complement your son or daughter about . For example , "  You really hit the ball great off the tee today and made a great comeback after a slow start . " You are more likely to get your player 's attention by starting with a couple of positive comments . 2 . Ask your player , "  What are two things you did well today ? " Discuss these first no matter how well or poorly your child played . 3 . Be mindful of the subtle rewards or punishment you may unknowingly or knowingly give your player after the game . For example , showing excitement and enthusiasm  for good play  is a reward for your child . Withdrawing attention or being silent  after a bad performance  is a form of punishment for your child . 4 . Avoid dwelling on numbers , scores , or position in the event after the game or performance . Discuss statistics only if necessary to make a point . Perfectionists are too obsessed about statistics already , which does not help them maintain a process focus during performance . 5 . Leave sports on the playing field ! Avoid discussing the game at home and help your child shift gears into other roles in life . Do not go over the play by play unless your child asks . Focus on developing balance in life rather than being 24/7 sports . Get 2 FREE YEARS of Parenting magazine - Subscribe Now !! Copyright 2011 The Parenting Group . All rights reserved . Reproduction in whole or in part without permission is prohibited .	Soccer referee Ricardo Portillo died after being assaulted on the field Julie Christie 's father refereed and coached her as a young fiery athlete Christie recognizes her own perfectionism and temper in her daughter A sports psychologist says parents must mirror good behaviors for children
CNN  -- Ford is the only major U.S. carmaker that is getting by without U.S. taxpayer money . Mark Fields of Ford says consumer confidence is key to getting the auto industry back on track . GM and Chrysler , on the other hand , have been told the Obama administration they will receive operating funds for several weeks in return for undergoing significant restructuring . Mark Fields , executive vice president of Ford , spoke to CNN 's Kiran Chetry Tuesday on "  American Morning " about the company 's plans and whether it will be able to continue without financial aid from the government . Kiran Chetry : So , Mark , your company is the one that 's gotten by without federal money . Will you be able to continue that ? Mark Fields : Well , our position has n't changed . We 're in a different position than some of our competitors , and we 're not seeking emergency taxpayer assistance . Chetry : Right , but I 'm saying in the future , how are you guys guaranteeing that you wo n't need to go to the federal government like your two competitors have and ask for some help ? Fields : Well , we 're going to continue executing our plan , which really involves decisive actions around transforming the business , but also bringing great high-quality , fuel-efficient vehicles into the marketplace . And we 've been working this plan over the last three years , and we 've been making progress . Clearly it 's a tough time in the economy , but we are really focused on bringing these great cars and trucks to customers , getting our cost structure right . We 've come to new agreements with our UAW partners . We 're working through reducing our debt . So we 're going to continue working through that , and we do n't expect to take taxpayer assistance from the emergency funds . Watch Fields discuss Ford 's future " Chetry : You say it 's been tough times , and certainly for you guys , it has -- 2008 the worst annual loss in Ford 's 105-year history . You guys can restructure . You can work out new deals with the unions . But in the end , if people are n't buying cars or they ca n't get credit , how do you remain viable ? Fields : Well , consumer confidence is the biggest issue in the marketplace right now . The good news is , our new cars and trucks that are coming into the marketplace are being well-received . Our retail market share has been up three of the last four months . We expect the month of March our retail share to be up again . But getting that consumer confidence is really important . And that 's why today we 're announcing our Ford advantage plan , and it 's for any customer who buys a Ford , Lincoln or Mercury product , when they come into the showroom and buy their product , if that customer loses their position , we will pay their car payments up to 12 months while they 're unemployed , to give them that peace of mind . Post your comments on AMfix Chetry : You 're also offering some zero percent financing . I 'm sure that you 're trying to do that as well because of the frozen credit in a lot of instances . I want to get your take on this , though . President Obama announced yesterday he 's giving ... Chrysler a month , basically , to submit a reorganization plan that the administration finds acceptable . The Obama administration also of course forced General Motors CEO Rick Wagoner out . Was that the right move , in your opinion ? Fields : Well , what we are supportive of is that the president is committed to a vibrant U.S. auto industry . As we mentioned , Ford is in a different position . We 're not asking for the emergency taxpayer assistance . But what we are focusing on is taking decisive action to streamline our business , but more importantly win new customers with the great set of products we 're going -- we 're coming out with over the next couple of months . Chetry : You know , there is some unprecedented government intervention going on right now in the U.S. auto industry at your competitors . They 're getting billions of dollars in taxpayer money . They 're being forced to restructure , as we talked about . They actually were forced to fire their CEO . And right now , it seems that , you know , they 're on a different level than you guys are . Is there some sense that perhaps there 's an unfair advantage , that they 're getting a lot of government help , whereas you guys are sort of on your own . Does that concern you ? Fields : Well , we do n't feel we 're being disadvantaged , because we have been restructuring our company over the past three years . We have been investing in high-quality , fuel-efficient vehicles over the last couple of years , which are just starting to come to the marketplace . So our approach is continue to work this plan , continue to make sure that Ford remains competitive both today and in the future and continue to work with our stakeholders to make sure that happens .	Ford exec says company has been restructuring over last three years We 're in different position that competitors , says Ford executive vice president Retail market share has increased in last few months , says Mark Fields Consumer confidence is biggest issue in marketplace , Fields says
CNN  -- Every March 8th , International Women 's Day honors the achievements of women past and present , while remembering that equality is still a work in progress . So , in the lead-up to this year 's event , we 're asking our readers to share their favorite quotes from celebrated women of the world . It could be a motto on love , a tip for success , a proverb on happiness or a witty observation about life . Just share the words that have inspired you along the way and it could be featured -- along with your name -- as part our special coverage . Lost for inspiration ? Check out some of these quotes from a few of the amazing women who 've appeared on CNN 's Leading Women over the last year . "  If you can find something that you 're really passionate about , whether you 're a man or a woman comes a lot less into play . Passion is a gender-neutralizing force . " Yahoo CEO , Marissa Mayer . "  Make sure you continue to trust what you know about yourself and stay true to what you believe in . " Melinda Gates , businesswoman and philanthropist . "  You know you 're old if they have discontinued your blood type . Someone compliments you on your alligator shoes , and you 're barefoot , " late comedian Phyllis Diller . "  Always find the time to do something for other people . Indeed , there is nothing more rewarding than making someone else happy . " Fabiola Gianotti , Physicist , CERN . "  Never think you ca n't do anything because you 're a woman , everything is open to you as a girl . The future is yours . " Our very own Christiane Amanpour . So , who inspires you ? Leave your favorite quote in the comment section below or via Twitter using the hashtag #wisdomofwomen .	International Women 's Day is on March 8 , 2013 An annual celebration of women 's political , economic and social accomplishment Leave your favorite inspirational quotes from women , past and present , in the comment section
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- Air traffic delays began to clear up Tuesday evening after computer problems left travelers across the United States waiting in airports , the Federal Aviation Administration said . Flights at Atlanta 's Hartsfield-Jackson International Airport were delayed Tuesday afternoon . Airports experienced hours of flight delays Tuesday afternoon after a communications breakdown at a Federal Aviation Administration facility , the administration said . The facility south of Atlanta had problems processing data , requiring that all flight-plan information be processed through a facility in Salt Lake City , Utah , overloading that facility . The two facilities process all flight plans for commercial and general aviation flights in the United States , FAA spokeswoman Kathleen Bergen said . Delays had begun to clear by 5 p.m. ET . By 6 p.m. , the administration said minimal delays remained as the Salt Lake facility began processing requests closer to normal speed . "  The situation is pretty much resolved , " FAA spokeswoman Diane Spitaliere said . At about 9:30 p.m. ET , most major airports were reporting flights departing on time or with less than 15-minute delays . Newark International was still reporting delays of up to 1 hour and 45 minutes and LaGuardia Airport in New York reported 45-minute delays -- although weather problems were cited as the main problem . John F. Kennedy International in New York and Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International were reporting delays of up to 30 minutes , although both of those airports also had experienced thunderstorms and other weather-related difficulties . The administration said there were no radar outages and said it had not lost contact with any planes during the computer glitch . The roughly 5,000 flights that were in the air when the breakdown happened were not affected , just those that were waiting to take off . iReporter stuck in Philadelphia "  This is really not a safety issue , this is an aggravation issue , " CNN aviation expert Miles O'Brien said . Watch Miles O'Brien track the delays " The problem appeared similar to a June 8 , 2007 , computer issue that caused severe flight delays and some cancellations along the East Coast . iReport.com : Are you stuck at the airport ? iReporter Stephanie McCauley sat on the tarmac for more than an hour at Baltimore/Washington International Airport on Tuesday on a flight bound for Albany , New York . "  It happens . It 's just weird , because you 're sitting , and you do n't know if it 's going to be 20 minutes or 2 hours , " McCauley said . Cheryl Stewart , spokeswoman for Baltimore/Washington International Airport , said that as of about 3:40 p.m. , some flights were being allowed to take off , but the FAA was no longer accepting new flight plans . "  We 're just kind of waiting for further word , " Stewart said . On the FAA 's Web site , delays were being reported at all 40 airports on the administration 's primary flight information map . The worst delays were in the Northeast , Bergen said . Chicago 's Midway and O'Hare airports in Illinois were reporting delays of up to 90 minutes . The Web site , which normally lists the length of expected flight delays , was no longer listing that information Tuesday afternoon . The total number of flights affected was unknown , although it was believed to be in the hundreds . Mark Biello , a CNN photographer sitting on a delayed flight at Hartsfield-Jackson International Airport in Atlanta on Tuesday afternoon , said flights there were being cleared for takeoff one at a time . Watch Mark Biello at the airport " "  They 're releasing the planes but on a one-by-one basis , so it 's really backed the whole system up , at least in the Atlanta area , " Biello said . At Philadelphia International Airport in Pennsylvania , iReporter Randy Hehn and his wife were on their way home to Denver , Colorado , after a trip to Europe . He said he 'd left Stockholm , Sweden , 11 hours earlier . "  I do n't really want to spend the rest of the evening in the airport ; I 'm hoping they get this fixed , " Hehn said in a video posted on iReport.com . "  I see planes moving around , but I do n't know . "  We 're just coming back from Europe , we 're really tired , and this is bad news . "	NEW : FAA says situation "  pretty much resolved " FAA facility south of Atlanta , Georgia , having problems processing data All flight-plan information must be processed by facility in Salt Lake City , Utah Unknown number of flights delayed by glitch
London  CNN  -- An English-language magazine in Dubai has been accused of disrespecting Islam by recommending places to drink during Ramadan . Time Out Dubai , a popular city guide in the Emirate , published the offending article in its Ramadan issue , which promised to help readers "  make the most of the Holy Month . " The story , headlined "  5 to try : bars in Ramadan , " listed bars in the city that were remaining open throughout Ramadan , giving their hours of operation . During Ramadan , a month in the Islamic calendar for fasting and piety , Muslims abstain from eating , drinking , smoking and sex from dawn to dusk , and prohibitions against behaviors considered sinful , such as drinking alcohol , are more keenly observed . After the magazine tweeted a link to an online version of the article , it was circulated by influential Emirati users of the social media site , prompting an online campaign using the #stoptimeoutdubai hashtag . The backlash highlighted cultural tensions that exist between the mainly Muslim Emiratis , who make up 17 % of Dubai 's population , and the foreigners who have become part of the country 's make-up as it has modernized into a global hub . Read also : Saudi women slam dunk sports taboo One Twitter user said the article showed "  how some people who  live  here have no respect to the culture and the people at all , " while another said his culture was being "  perverted by alcoholics , " and tweeted at the magazine to "  keep your filth away . " Some Westerners living in the UAE responded that the outrage was an overreaction . The magazine apologized , saying it respected "  local culture and traditions " and claiming the article , which was removed from the site , was an "  error of judgment on our part . " But the apology was not enough to appease some users , who continued to call for staff at the magazine to be fired . Mahra Al Shamsi , an Emirati English teacher living in Ras Al Khaimah , described the article as shocking . "  Have they lost their marbles ? Do they not remember that , even though this magazine is targeted for expats , they are living in the United Arab Emirates -- an Arab country with very strong Islamic values and beliefs . " Al Shamsi said that Emiratis respected foreign customs when abroad . "  Is this the thanks we get ? Frankly , this should be mutual . " But Fiona Du Vivier , a Scottish account manager who has lived in Dubai for nearly two years , thought the campaign was a "  huge overreaction " to an article that , while perhaps poorly judged , was not disrespectful or insulting . Read also : Lebanon 's burning tires become sign of peace "  We are in one of the few countries in the world where you have to curtail your behavior whether you 're participating in Ramadan or not , out of respect , " she said . "  Which is fair enough , I chose to live in this country and I choose to respectfully follow its customs . " "  Having said that , " she said , "  there 's a huge proportion of the country that do not participate in Ramadan . The article was merely pointing to a facility that 's available for non-fasting Muslims and non-Muslims . When it was pointed out it could be taken as disrespectful , they took it down and apologized . " She said some of the angry tweets she had seen -- that the journalist should burn in hell , or threatening to assault anyone drinking during the holy month -- were "  not in the spirit of Ramadan itself , which is about forgiveness and compassion . " Al Shamsi said while the article may have been pointing out something factual , the linkage of the concept of drinking with Ramadan was offensive . "  The disrespectful bit comes in when they rub it in your face . This is like going to a poor country and writing an article about luxury ... It 's not appropriate . " Read also : Saving Luke Skywalker 's Tunisian ranch Omar Abu Omar , a Dubai-based social media marketer , said while the article was not offensive , as bar and entertainment options were the magazine 's standard fare , the timing was inappropriate . More than anything though , he said , it highlighted the potential pitfalls of social media . "  In my opinion , they made a mistake of sharing it on their Twitter feed , as it would have gone unnoticed otherwise , " he said . "  It 's a lesson in using social media , and choosing your content and posts carefully , as a seemingly harmless and simple post can lead to such uproar . " Time Out Dubai did not respond to requests for comment . Follow the Inside the Middle East team on Twitter : Presenter Rima Maktabi : @rimamaktabi , producer Jon Jensen : @jonjensen , producer Schams Elwazer : @SchamsCNN and writer Tim Hume : @tim_hume and digital producer Mairi Mackay @mairicnn	Time Out Dubai 's list of bars open during Ramadan has upset Emiratis An online campaign against the publication has emerged on Twitter Readers felt the concept of promoting drinking during Ramadan was offensive Many Western residents of the Emirate felt the response was overblown
CNN  -- Former FBI Director Louis Freeh 's investigation into possible wrongdoing at Penn State University appears to be examining football coach Joe Paterno 's apparent preference for handling scandalous issues internally , and what role that may have played in a potential cover-up involving former defensive coordinator Jerry Sandusky , convicted on 45 counts of child sex abuse on June 22 . Freeh 's group has been poring over internal Penn State e-mails and has interviewed a past university official about the way Paterno influenced a variety of disciplinary matters , according to a source with knowledge of the investigation . Freeh is leading an internal review of Penn State 's handling of the scandal that is unrelated to criminal investigations . The e-mails obtained by CNN from a source familiar with the investigation , and first reported by the Wall Street Journal , show Paterno wielded power that went well beyond the realm of football or even the athletic department . E-mails cast a pall on Penn State 's Paterno In a 2005 e-mail from Dr. Vicky Triponey , then vice president of student affairs in charge of disciplining students , to athletic director Tim Curley and others , she summarizes a meeting they had with Paterno in which he tells her that he wants to be the sole disciplinarian of his players . She criticizes Paterno for wanting to limit the Campus Code of Conduct to incidents that take place on campus and keeping disciplinary matters involving his players private . "  Coach Paterno would rather we NOT inform the public when a football player is found responsible for committing a serious violation of the law and/or our student code -- despite any moral or legal obligation to do so , " according to her e-mail . In the same e-mail , Triponey , also refers to calls her office was receiving from coaches and others . "  I must insist that the efforts to put pressure on  Student Affairs  and try to influence our decisions ... simply MUST STOP , " she writes . Curley , in a subsequent e-mail , acknowledges that Triponey 's take on the conversation with Paterno is accurate . Triponey replies to Curley , "  I know you are caught in the middle of a very difficult situation , " an apparent reference to appeasing Paterno . In a subsequent e-mail to then-Penn State President Graham Spanier she is more blunt : "  I am very troubled by the manipulative , disrespectful , uncivil and abusive behavior of our football coach , " she writes . Triponey has been interviewed by the Freeh group , according to a source with knowledge of the investigation . In the same e-mail , she calls Paterno 's behavior "  atrocious " and said others are mimicking his behavior . "  It is quite shocking what this man -- who is idolized by people everywhere -- is teaching our students ... " she writes . Triponey 's e-mails may be a sign Freeh is also examining the culture around the football team as his investigators work to determine the circumstances surrounding a 2001 sexual incident with a young boy and Sandusky in a Penn State shower room and reported by then graduate assistant coach Mike McQueary . In purported 2001 e-mails between Curley , Schultz , and Spanier , read exclusively to CNN , Curley appears to change his mind about reporting the locker room incident to outside authorities after speaking to Paterno , he wrote in one e-mail . Sandusky was convicted in June of four counts related to the 2001 shower incident , including unlawful contact with minors , a first-degree felony . Curley and former Penn State vice president Gary Schultz face perjury and failure to report child abuse charges in connection with the Sandusky case . They have pleaded not guilty . Disturbing e-mails could spell more trouble for Penn State officials In 2007 , after a widely reported incident where more than a dozen players crashed an off-campus party and started a violent brawl , Paterno appears to send an e-mail , through his assistant , to Spanier that says , "  I want to make sure everyone understands that the discipline of the players involved will be handled by me as soon as I am comfortable that I know all the facts . " Paterno 's attorneys have said the coach did n't use e-mail . The exchange shows while he may not have had his own e-mail account , his assistant would still send e-mails for him . Paterno planned to punish the team by forcing them to perform 10 hours of community service and clean up the stadium after home games , according to a memo provided by a source familiar with the investigation . After Triponey tried to discipline football players in the same manner as other students , she was harassed both online and at her home , according to a source with knowledge of the investigation . On her front lawn somebody put up a "  for sale " sign . Police installed a surveillance camera . In the end , the source says Spanier suggested she think about her future at Penn State , and she resigned . After Triponey left Penn State , the university changed its discipline policy involving off-campus incidents . Its current code of conduct says it only applies to "  off campus conduct that affects a Substantial University interest . " The Freeh goup and the university declined comment on this story . Efforts Sunday night to obtain a comment from the Paterno family were unsuccessful . Paterno died of complications from lung cancer in January . The 2001 , 2005 , and 2007 e-mail exchanges are among many now under investigation by the Freeh group . The e-mails revealed so far suggest coach Paterno preferred to handle bad behavior internally , a preference that may have influenced a decision by university officials not to report Sandusky to authorities in 2001 and allowed him to continue to abuse young boys . Victim No. 6 : Violation and vindication In police interview , Matt Sandusky describes abuse Muralist replaces Sandusky image ; Penn State looks to cases ahead Painful chapter closes with Sandusky 's conviction for child sex abuse	A group headed by former FBI Director Louis Freeh has been poring over Penn State e-mails E-mails provided to CNN show that Joe Paterno wielded power beyond the realm of football An official says in a 2005 e-mail that Paterno wanted to keep disciplinary matters internal "  Coach Paterno would rather we NOT inform the public ... despite any moral or legal obligation ... "
CNN  -- Committing such heinous crimes as sex abuse and murder are unthinkable enough to most of us . But it 's almost equally mind-boggling that the perpetrators would then confess , or even brag about , such acts on the Internet . Even so , in cases as mundane as vandalism or as horrifying as gang rape , accused criminals are exemplifying a growing truth of the social-media age : To some , nothing is too sacred , private or damning to share online . "  Social media exposes the crimes , along with the poster 's need to feel important or powerful , " said Pamela Rutledge , director of the Media Psychology Research Center at the Massachusetts School of Professional Psychology . "  However , in most cases , it appears that the need for bravado is much greater than any concerns about getting caught . " The latest high-profile instance happened Thursday , when a Florida man allegedly killed his wife and posted a photograph of her body , along with a confession , on his Facebook page . "  Im going to prison or death sentence for killing my wife , " wrote Derek Medina , 31 , of South Miami . "  L  ove you guys miss you guys takecare Facebook people you will see me in the news . " The gruesome image was shared thousands of times before Facebook was alerted and deleted it several hours later . It shocked his own Friends list . Among the responses : "  WHAT ?????? " "  What happened ???? derek . " But social-media posts about crimes are surprisingly common . Just a few of the most widely publicized in recent times : -- An investigation into the rape of an unconscious 16-year-old girl by high school football players in Steubenville , Ohio , began after some of the accused posted pictures and video of the girl on Facebook , Twitter and Instagram . -- The alleged 2011 rape of Rehtaeh Parsons , then 15 , in Novia Scotia by four teens was discovered after the teens reportedly shared a photo of her online and via text messages . Two of them , now adults , were charged with child pornography this week . Parsons , at age 17 , hanged herself and , in April , was taken off life support . -- In 2011 , a Pennsylvania teen pleaded guilty to raping an intoxicated 15-year-old girl , then turned to Facebook , looking for a hit man to kill her . " "  I got 500 on a girls head who wants that bread ? " he wrote . "  Hit me up anyway possible . " The man who responded was , in fact , an undercover detective . -- A Hawaii man was charged after posting a video titled "  Let 's Go Driving & Drinking ! " in which he appears to open and drink a beer while driving and talking to a camera for more than five minutes . READ : When oversharing online can get you arrested Michele Nealon-Woods , national president of the Chicago School of Professional Psychology , notes that criminals were publicly confessing or boasting of their crimes long before anyone heard of Mark Zuckerberg and tweeting was something done by birds , not humans . In 1888 , the notorious "  Jack the Ripper " is believed to have sent at least three letters to London police , taunting them and telling them when he planned to kill again . In northern California , the so-called Zodiac Killer did much the same nearly a century later . He sent dozens of letters to police and the media in the late 1960s and early '70s -- some of them cryptic puzzles that have never been solved . Throw in timeless tales of jailhouse confessions and barroom braggarts and it 's clear that the base instinct here is nothing new . "  The new part of it now , though , is that when people did very dangerous , aggressive bad things to other people in the past , they did n't have the medium with which they could share the information , " Nealon-Woods said . "  There is that aspect associated with aggressive crime that we 've always seen . "  What social media has done is give people with those propensities a whole new platform . " But Nealon-Woods thinks there 's more to it . Social media , she says , is a tiny blip in the long and evolving history of human communication . And no on one can be really sure what , if any , impact it will ultimately have on the way we behave . "  It 's one of those things that are evolving , " she said . "  It has been a major , really disruptive innovation in our lives and , like anything that us human beings do , it 's taking us quite a while to adapt and change and respond . " While millions , if not billions , of people use social media in healthy , happy ways every day , Nealon-Woods said there are some -- and not just criminals -- who have n't adjusted so well . Their inability to pick up the new social norms result in behaviors ranging from Internet trolling to oversharing to the sort of misguided posts that can embarrass users or land them in jail . The physically isolating aspect of social media is probably part of the equation , she said . When we can communicate with other people without seeing or hearing them , something in the brain makes it harder to remember that there are still consequences for what we say , she said . "  We 've removed that human interaction , and that is giving people a false sense of the extremes they can go to , " Nealon-Woods added . "  I really do believe that 's one of the main reasons that people are posting things where other people are saying , ` Oh my gosh ! ' " Social media is a young form of communication that will take time for some people to adjust to , she said . In the meantime , Rutledge , the Massachusetts researcher , notes one upside of when awkward online behavior and crime mix . "  The good news is that compulsion to brag about getting away with these activities increases the probability of getting caught , " she said . "  Without social media , it would have been much harder to find the culprits , much less prosecute  them  . "	Crimes , both minor and major , get confessed on social media surprisingly often A Miami man allegedly killed his wife and posted a photo of her body on Facebook Experts say some criminals have always boasted of their crimes Social sites , they say , make it easier to forget consequences
CNN  -- May we spend a few minutes discussing a major part of American life where there has been a shocking lack of diversity ? This has to do with presidential elections . And it 's not what you think . Throughout U.S. history , Ivy League colleges have had an outsized proportion of alumni who became president . Harvard alone has eight . If , as is widely expected , it 's Barack Obama versus Mitt Romney in November , the Ivy League is the guaranteed winner again , because it will be Harvard against Harvard .  Harvard 's Romney has even , in speeches , criticized Harvard 's Obama for spending too much time "  at the faculty lounge at Harvard . " In fact , it has been 28 years since a non-Harvard-or-Yale graduate has been elected president . George H.W. Bush , Bill Clinton , George W. Bush and Obama all went to one  or both  of those universities . In four of those elections , the winning Ivy Leaguer ran against another Ivy Leaguer  Michael Dukakis , incumbent President George H.W. Bush , Al Gore , John Kerry  . But that 's not the oddity we 're discussing today . We all know , and have known for a long time , that in presidential elections , as in much of American life , the Ivy League has a leg up . And many of our presidents , to their credit , have come from small , non-glitzy colleges . Lyndon Johnson hailed from Southwest Texas State Teachers College . Richard Nixon went to Whittier College . Ronald Reagan went to Eureka College . Nine presidents either never went to college at all , or never received a degree . They were no slouches ; they include Abraham Lincoln and Harry Truman . Here , though , is the strange , almost inexplicable , thing -- and it stands out for those of us who attended , and really liked , Big Ten schools : No graduate of a Big Ten university has ever been elected president . Is n't that something ? Heart of the country , large student populations , fine faculties , national renown -- yet in the history of the United States , the voters have not even once seen fit to send a Big Ten graduate to the White House . It 's not that talent , leadership and creativity are lacking in Big Ten students . Every member of the Big Ten  there are 12 schools in the conference now , since the addition of Penn State and Nebraska  has had numerous graduates -- undergraduate and advanced-degree -- who have done remarkable things . Neil Armstrong , of Purdue , was the first human to set foot on the moon . Jack Welch , of the University of Illinois , led General Electric during glorious years . George Gallup , of the University of Iowa , founded the legendary public opinion poll . Cynthia Ozick , of Ohio State , is a widely acclaimed author . Barbara Franklin , of Penn State , went on to become a U.S. secretary of commerce . James Earl Jones , of the University of Michigan , became an esteemed actor . Arthur Goldberg , of Northwestern , was a justice of the U.S. Supreme Court . Mildred Jeffrey , of the University of Minnesota , was a women 's movement , labor and civil rights leader who was awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom . William S. Harley , of the University of Wisconsin , was the co-founder of Harley-Davidson . Alfred D. Hershey , of Michigan State , was a Nobel Laureate for physiology/medicine . Ernie Pyle , of Indiana University , left for a reporting job just before graduating , and went on to become perhaps the most admired newspaperman who ever lived ; the university brought him back to present him with an honorary degree . And Johnny Carson , of the University of Nebraska ... well , he was Johnny Carson . Which just may have been better than being president . The list of Big Ten achievers goes on and on . Yet voters have sent no one from a Big Ten school to the White House . If you 're thinking , what about Gerald Ford , the president from the University of Michigan ? Yes , he became president , but the voters never elected him on a presidential ticket , a fact that bothered him for the rest of his life . When he did run on his own , he was defeated by Jimmy Carter , of Georgia Southwestern College , Georgia Tech and the U.S. Naval Academy  . You would think that being from the Big Ten would provide a campaign plus . Heartland , breadbasket , center of the nation , the warm symbolism of all that . Ivy League graduates may take pride in their education , but they tend not to stress their Ivy Leagueness to voters in a presidential campaign : Like being rich , being from the Ivy League is something that may be privately savored , but that , in national elections , is best not flaunted in front of those without the same advantages . Being from the Big Ten , on the other hand , would seem to be a ticket to 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue . But it has n't . Julian E. Zelizer , professor of history and public affairs at Princeton University  alma mater of Presidents James Madison and Woodrow Wilson  , said that he , too , is puzzled by this . One reason for it , he said , may be that at universities that have a tradition of educating future presidents , "  students often become part of networks of classmates who go on to do big things in Washington . These networks are essential when potential candidates are identified to run for president . " Still , said Zelizer , whose work regularly appears in the CNN Opinion section , "  It is unclear why someone from the Big Ten would not be president , given the great quality of these institutions and impressive record , including in politics , of many of these graduates . " So what could it be ? Is it simply a jinx ? You might be tempted to say that the Big Ten is the Chicago Cubs of presidential politics -- except , even though it has been more than a century , the Cubs did win a World Series . You might be tempted to say that the Big Ten is the Susan Lucci of presidential politics -- except that the soap opera actress , after years of being passed over , finally was awarded an Emmy . The Big Ten has a Council of Presidents and Chancellors . I asked some of its members what they make of this . Not surprisingly -- speaking from the middle of the country -- they were optimistic and proud . France A. Cordova , president of Purdue University , said : "  If you knew our current students and could witness their abilities as young leaders , you would be as confident as I am that we will see a Boilermaker become the POTUS . " Ohio State president Gordon Gee expressed great contentment about his part of the nation : "  As to no president coming from the Big Ten , I would say that many have come from Big Ten country -- we just have sent them off elsewhere . That is ending , by the way . " "  We did offer , twice , " said University of Minnesota president Eric Kaler , pointing out that Minnesota graduates Hubert Humphrey and Walter Mondale were Democratic nominees for president . They were defeated by Nixon and Reagan . "  You never say never , " Kaler said . "  Of course it could happen . " And Sally Mason , president of the University of Iowa , summed it all up with a sure-handed sense of sunny Big Ten perseverance : "  In the words of Randy Travis and B.B. King , perhaps ` It 's Just a Matter of Time . ' " The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bob Greene .	For 28 years , America 's president has been either a Harvard or Yale alumnus Bob Greene notes that Big Ten grads have never been voted president He says even the Cubs won a World Series , and Susan Lucci won an Emmy Big Ten university presidents predict the drought will end one of these days
CNN  -- North Korea 's longtime leader Kim Jong Il , the embodiment of the reclusive state where his cult of personality is deeply entrenched , has died . He was believed to be 69 . Regarded as one of the world 's most-repressive leaders , Kim Jong Il always cut a slightly bizarre figure . His diminutive stature and characteristically bouffant hair have been parodied by some in the West . "  He 's a mysterious person -- I think by design , " said Han S. Park , director of the Center for the Study of Global Issues at the University of Georgia and a frequent visitor to North Korea . "  Mystery is a source of leverage and power . It 's maintaining uncertainty . " But for the citizens of his Democratic People 's Republic of Korea , Kim was well regarded . This Just In : Up-to-the-minute news on the death of Kim Jong Il His father , Kim Il Sung , founded North Korea with Soviet backing after World War II . Kim Jong Il was just a little boy when the Communist North invaded the American-backed South , sparking the Korean War in 1950 . After the fighting ended , Kim became steeped in his father 's philosophy of "  juche " or self-reliance -- the basis of North Korea 's reclusive nature . North and South Korea never formally signed a peace treaty and remain technically at war -- separated by a tense demilitarized zone . North Korea gives Kim 's official birthplace as sacred Mount Paektu . The peak , on the northern border with Chinese Manchuria , is the highest on the peninsula and the site where Korean legend says the nation came into existence 5,000 years ago . Cause of death reported to be "  overwork " Researchers who are more objective place Kim 's birth in the Far Eastern region of the Soviet Union on February 16 , 1942 . His father had fled to the Soviet Union when the Japanese put a price on his head for guerrilla activities in occupied Korea . The family returned to the northern part of the peninsula after the Japanese surrender in World War II , and Soviet dictator Josef Stalin anointed Kim Il Sung as the leader of the Democratic People 's Republic of Korea . Timeline : Kim Jong Il Kim Jong Il 's younger brother drowned as a child and his mother died when he was 7 years old . Shortly after , when the Korean War broke out , he was sent to Manchuria , returning three years later when it ended . Despite these hardships , Kim Jong Il was presumably surrounded by luxury and privilege for most of his upbringing . As the first-born son of an iron-fisted dictator , "  the doors were likely opening for him from a very young age , " according to Dae-sook Suh , a professor of political science at the University of Hawaii who specializes in the Pyongyang government . TIME : The iconography of Kim Jong Il Gradually Kim Jong Il was groomed for the top position , making public appearances in front of cheering crowds . In 1980 , Kim Il Sung formally designated his son as his successor . Kim Jong Il was given senior posts in the Politburo , the Military Commission and the Party Secretariat . He took on the title "  Dear Leader " and the government began spinning a personality cult around him patterned after that of his father , the "  Great Leader . " In 1991 , Kim Jong Il became commander-in-chief of North Korea 's powerful armed forces , the final step in the long grooming process . Three years later , when Kim Il Sung died suddenly from a heart attack at 82 , most outsiders predicted the imminent collapse of North Korea . The nation had lost its venerated founding father . Just a few years earlier , its powerful alliances had evaporated with the fall of the Soviet bloc and China 's move toward a market-based system . The economy was on the rocks and energy and food were in short supply . A series of weather disasters , combined with an inefficient state-run agricultural system , further eroded the food supply , leading to mass starvation . The timing could not have been worse for replacing the only leader North Korea had known . "  Heaven did n't smile on Kim Jong Il , " said the University of Hawaii 's Dae-sook Suh . After his father 's elaborate public funeral , Kim Jong Il dropped out of sight , fueling rumors , but he soon managed to consolidate power . Zakaria : Will the North Koreans rise up ? Under his newly organized government , his father 's presidential post was left vacant and Kim took the titles of general secretary of the Workers Party and chairman of the National Defense Commission -- a group of 10 men that includes the heads of the air force , army and navy , who are now considered the most powerful in the country . "  It 's a peculiar government to say the least , " Dae-sook Suh said . "  He honors the legacy of his father , but the new government is a Kim Jong Il government . It 's quite different from his father 's . " Kim Il Sung 's unique style of Stalinism was subordinated to the more militant theme of Kim Jong Il 's "  Red Banner " policy , introduced in 1996 . The changes afoot were dramatically illustrated in 1997 by the defection of Hwang Jang Yop -- the architect of the juche philosophy and the first high-level official to seek asylum in South Korea . In a news conference after his defection , Hwang warned of a growing possibility that his homeland might launch an attack . "  The preparation for war exceeds your imagination , " he said . Many outsiders viewed the flight of Hwang as another sign that the North Korean regime was on its last legs , but once again it weathered the storm , perhaps even benefiting from the fears of war heightened by Hwang 's warning . Despite sending a test missile over Japan in June 1999 and other such incidents , North Korea under Kim Jong Il also sent signals that it is open to new alliances after decades of isolation . Billions of dollars in international aid poured into North Korea during the 1990s , which did little in return . Many analysts conclude that Kim Jong Il has played a poor hand of cards skillfully . "  I tend to disregard rumors that he 's irrational , a man that nobody can do business with , " said Alexander Mansourov , a longtime Korea scholar and a former Russian diplomat who was posted in Pyongyang in the late 1980s . "  I believe that he is smart . He 's pragmatic . And I think he can be ruthless . He 's a man who will not loosen his grip in any way on the people around him . " His obsession for movies led to one of the strangest incidents associated with him : The 1978 kidnappings of South Korean actress Choi En-hui and her director husband Shin Sang-ok . The couple 's account of their ordeal , given after they escaped North Korea in 1986 , sounds like a B-movie script . They said Kim Jong Il held Choi under house arrest and imprisoned Shin for four years for a failed escape attempt . Kim then forced them to work in the North Korean film industry , paying them handsomely while keeping them in the gilded cage of his artistic and social circles . Although the country was having problems paying its debts , Kim lived extravagantly and spent tens of millions of dollars on their film productions , according to Choi and Shin . The couple told Washington Post reporter Don Oberdorfer that Kim was a "  micro-manager " who made all the major decisions in North Korea because of his father 's ailing condition . Shin described Kim as "  very bright , " but said that he had no sense of guilt about his misdeeds "  due to his background and upbringing . " While the Dear Leader is said to have indulged his appetite for the finer things , his people were literally starving to death . The collapse of the Soviet Union in the early 1990s hit North Korea hard when guaranteed trade deals with Moscow came to an end . And then devastating floods compounded the famine . The North Korean regime admitted almost 250,000 people perished between 1995 and 1998 , but some outside groups believe it was more like ten times that figure . Nevertheless , an artifice of a successful state was maintained in the capital , Pyongyang , including an opulent subway -- proof that Kim would say reflected North Korea 's progress under his and his father 's leadership . In 2000 , there appeared to be a thaw in North-South relations leading to the first-ever summit meeting between Kim Jong Il and his then counterpart from the South President Kim Dae Jung . South Korea 's so-called "  sunshine policy " of engagement seemed to be bearing fruit . But Kim Jong Il pressed ahead with his nuclear weapons program and then-U.S. President George W. Bush labeled North Korea as part of the "  axis of evil " in his 2002 State of the Union address . A year later , North Korea withdrew from the nuclear non-proliferation treaty . In 2006 , the North conducted a nuclear test and test fired missiles adding extra urgency to the six-party talks designed to deal with North Korea 's nuclear program . A breakthrough came in 2007 , when Kim Jong il finally agreed to disable the nuclear reactor at Yongbyon in return for fuel and better relations with the U.S. . But despite dramatically blowing up Yongbyon 's cooling tower , North Korea seemed to backtrack afterwards and the deal appeared to be jeopardy . In August 2008 , Pyongyang halted the disabling of the plutonium-producing plants in after a stalemate over verification measures . Months later -- as Bush wrapped up his final term in office -- the U.S. government agreed to take North Korea off its list of countries that sponsor terrorism . The move was a turnaround from the Bush administration 's previous refusal to drop North Korea from the list until Pyongyang agreed to set up an internationally recognizable mechanism to verify it was revealing all its nuclear secrets . Analysts say it is easy for outsiders to demonize Kim Jong Il , a dictator who spent an estimated 25 % or more of his country 's gross national product on the military while many in his country went hungry . But in North Korea , closed off from outside influences , fearful of threats from its neighbors , and subjected to decades of political socialization on top of a long tradition of a strict hierarchical system , Kim Jong Il is viewed positively by most people , said Han Park of the Center for Study of Global Issues . "  The level of reverence for Kim Jong Il in North Korea is quite underestimated by the outside , " Park said . "  He is regarded by many as not only a superior leader but a decent person , a man of high morality . Whether that 's accurate is not important if you want to deal with North Korea . You have to understand their belief system . Perception is reality . " But to the outside world , Kim Jong Il will be remembered as one of the worst despots in history , according to Andre Lankov , an author on Korea 's history . "  He will be remembered as a person who was responsible for awful things : for the existence of one of the worst dictatorships in not only Korean history but the world history at least in the 20th and 21st centuries , " Lankov said . "  Yet he did not create this dictatorship -- it was his father 's but he took responsibility , and he made sure it continued for many more years . " CNN 's Dan Rivers contributed to this report .	Kim Jong Il took over when his father died of a heart attack in 1994 He will be remembered as one of the world 's most repressive leaders Kim was well regarded within North Korea He played a poor hand of cards skillfully , analysts say
