Guilford , Connecticut  CNN  -- Tom Pinchbeck never dreamed he 'd turn his family rose farm into an employment center for people with autism . In 2008 , faced with a sagging U.S. economy and fierce international competition from South American rose growers , Pinchbeck found himself priced out of the market . He had no choice but to do the unthinkable -- close the farm started by his great-grandfather . Shortly afterward , a college friend of Pinchbeck 's , Jim Lyman , approached him with an interesting proposition . Lyman was looking for a way to address the very real problem that many young adults with autism , including his own son , Eli , face : How to transition successfully into adulthood as they grow beyond the cutoff age of built-in state benefits and supports . "  Lyman approached me with the idea of using the greenhouses as a background for vocational therapy for people on the autism spectrum , " Pinchbeck says . "  I was still reeling from having to close the place down , and it seemed like an interesting way of putting together a really unique program from the ashes of Pinchbeck 's Farm . " Now Pinchbeck is working with the group Ability Beyond Disability to put a dent in a staggering statistic : the group says 88 % of American adults with autism are unemployed . "  Our program is really designed for people to come into the program , to learn the skills they need and to help place them in their community , help them find a job , hopefully find a career , and really be a productive member of society , " says Joan Volpe , Ability Beyond Disability 's vice president . "  That 's really the goal of Roses for Autism is for folks to be a part of a work life that we really take for granted . " Helping achieve that goal is Lori Gregan , the farm 's retail manager who 's part cheerleader , part mom and part boss . "  I do n't have the book knowledge on autism , " she says , "  But I do have the people knowledge , the instinct . " She works with employees such as 29-year-old Ethel Bondi , who came into the Roses for Autism program struggling with anything outside her set routine . "  Ethel came , and anytime there was any change , anytime I asked her to do anything at all , it was like , ' I quit . ' She would get her coat and she was gon na leave , " says Gregan . "  I 'm like , ` whoa whoa whoa , why are you quitting ? ' She 's like , ' I ca n't do that . ' It was always ' I ca n't . ' Now it 's like , ' I will . I can . And I am going to . ' " Bondi possesses a talent for making dried rose wreaths -- one of the farm 's best-sellers . "  They were supposed to be for just Valentine 's Day , but then people wanted them afterward , and they are still wanting them , " she says . How does that make her feel ? "  Proud , " Bondi says , smiling tentatively . "  They are a big hit . " "  If I show Ethel she can make this wreath , she wins , " says Bondi . "  She owns that , and now the next girl that comes in next to her , she can show her , and my job is done . She 's a viable employee . There might be a quirk or two , but that 's what makes us who we are , if all the stones in the river were the same , there would be no song . " Will Swartzell , a 19-year-old Roses employee with autism , thrives on the uniqueness that makes him who he his . And he hopes success stories like his can help shatter misconceptions that might make employers hesitant to hire people on the autism spectrum . "  We all stereotype , " Swartzell says . "  But I think it 's so important not to ; to keep your mind open . Everybody 's different . Nothing defines a person except themselves . " It 's a sentiment echoed by his mother , Sandra . "  I think it 's really important for these kids to have a place where they fit in and contribute , " she says . "  They have so many great strengths , and I think people are focused more on their challenges more than their strengths . But a place like Roses can really allow them to celebrate who they are and at the same time learn important job skills that are so necessary for them to be productive members of our society . They are so capable of that . There is no doubt about it . " Working often makes adults with developmental disorders happier and more satisfied with their lives , says Dr. Max Wiznitzer of Case Western Reserve University School of Medicine in Cleveland . It gives them a sense of purpose , and they usually do a good job , he says . They 're often very focused . "  They follow the rules , " says Wiznitzer . "  Autism is that way -- one of the diagnostic criteria is the desire for sameness . They 're going to be punctual . They 're going to show up every day . They have a lot of positive behaviors that employers like . It can be very beneficial both for the employer and the employee . " But there 's somewhat of a downside , says Wiznitzer . They work several hours a day , and "  then they go back to where they 're living , and they 're somewhat isolated from everyone else and -- what do they do with their leisure time ? We have to make sure they have time for the other stuff , too . " Looking across the retail center , where her employees are hard at work cutting , pruning , designing and packing , Gregan 's voice fills with optimism . "  To see the change in my employees from day one to day 10 , there are no words . I can see this going global . There are people who are autistic all over the world . They just need to know how they fit in and we need to give them those tools . " With the help of a few charitable grants , Roses for Autism is doing just that -- helping young adults with autism fit in , find their strengths and improve their lives . Pinchbeck 's alliance with Ability Beyond Disability has saved the family farm -- turning it into a nonprofit business that produces almost a million flowers per year . It 's a solution as unique as the workers who helped save the Pinchbeck family legacy , all the while finding their own place to shine . For more on Roses for Autism , go to www.rosesforautism.com .	Autism group : 88 % of U.S. adults with autism are unemployed Rose farm pairs with Ability Beyond Disability to help autistic adults Doctor : Working satisfies a desire for "  sameness " "  Everybody 's different , " says one worker . "  Nothing defines a person except themselves "
Rome  CNN  -- Matteo Renzi was sworn in Saturday as Italy 's youngest Prime Minister , alongside his new Cabinet of 16 ministers . It 's a step many hope will bring much-needed political stability to the country . The former Florence mayor , who won control of the Democratic Party in a primary a couple of months ago , ousted fellow party member Enrico Letta in a party vote last week . Renzi , 39 , is nicknamed il Rottomatore -- or "  the demolition man " -- for his pugnacious style of politics . After the swearing-in ceremony at the presidential palace , he headed to the Italian Prime Minister 's office , the Palazzo Chigi , to hold his first cabinet meeting . The lineup for Renzi 's new government was published on his website Friday . Italy 's new Finance Minister is Pier Carlo Padoan , currently deputy secretary-general and chief economist of the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development  OECD . Serving Interior Minister Angelino Alfano , of the Nouvo Centro Destra party , keeps his job in the new government . Half of Renzi 's ministers are women , the largest proportion in Italian history . Most of the ministers are young by Italian standards , with an average age of 48 . Renzi is expected to outline his new policies Monday in the Senate , where he will face a confidence vote . History of political turmoil Letta held on to the top job in Italian politics for less than a year . He was sworn in last April at the head of a coalition government formed after months of uncertainty following inconclusive elections . But he was forced out last week amid frustration over the slow pace of reform . Italy , the third largest economy in the eurozone , has had more than its share of political turmoil over recent years . The last election to produce a leader was in 2008 , when Silvio Berlusconi became Prime Minister for a third time . Since then , all the country 's leaders have been appointed . Berlusconi , a billionaire tycoon who has dominated Italian politics for two decades , resigned in late 2011 after coming under pressure for Italy 's economic woes . He was subsequently expelled from parliament after his conviction for tax fraud and can no longer run for office . READ MORE : Is Matteo Renzi ready to be Italy 's PM ? WATCH MORE : The future of Europe 's economy CNN 's Hada Messia reported from Rome and Laura Smith-Spark wrote in London . CNN 's Nina Dos Santos contributed to this report .	NEW : He 's sworn in alongside his Cabinet of 16 ministers NEW : He holds his first Cabinet meeting with his new government The former mayor of Florence and Democratic Party leader is a youthful 39 years old He replaces Enrico Letta , who held the top job for less than a year
CNN  -- Stephen Prothero , a Boston University religion scholar and author of "  The American Bible : How Our Words Unite , Divide , and Define a Nation , " is a regular CNN Belief Blog contributor . As President Barack Obama puts the finishing touches on his second inaugural address , one in which aides say Obama will take a "  hopeful " tone , here are Prothero 's picks for the top five U.S. presidential inaugural addresses : 1 . Thomas Jefferson 's first inaugural  1801 If you think partisan politics are bad today , you should have seen the election of 1800 . Desperately trying to hold onto power , Federalists accused Jefferson of all sorts of infidelities to God and country , blasting him as an infidel and intimating that he might be a secret Jew or Muslim . Soon each side was questioning whether America could survive rule by the opposing party . The election ended in a tie between Jefferson and his running mate , Aaron Burr .  At the time , the Electoral College cast its ballots without distinguishing between president and vice president , and the two Republicans each got 73 electoral votes , throwing the decision to the House of Representatives .  It took 36 ballots before the House awarded Jefferson the presidency . Into this maelstrom , Jefferson delivered perhaps the most conciliatory inaugural address in U.S. history , "  better liked by our own party than his own , " in the words of Massachusetts Federalist George Cabot . "  Let us then , fellow citizens , unite with one heart and one mind , let us restore to social intercourse that harmony and affection without which liberty , and even life itself , are but dreary things , " he said in a classic expression of our great tradition of conciliation . "  Every difference of opinion is not a difference of principle . ... We are all Republicans . We are all Federalists . " Bibles , oaths and parades : Inaugural trivia 2 . Abraham Lincoln 's second inaugural  1865 The Gettysburg Address is the greatest speech by America 's greatest orator , but Lincoln 's second inaugural contains some of his most profound thinking . In this address , which according to Frederick Douglass "  sounded more like a sermon than a state paper , " Lincoln thinks out loud about the ways and means of Providence in the midst of the bloodletting of the Civil War . A lesser man might have denounced the Confederates as evildoers , or called God to his side . Instead Lincoln coolly observed the battleground where theology and the military meet : "  Both read the same Bible and pray to the same God , and each invokes His aid against the other . ... The prayers of both could not be answered . That of neither has been answered fully . The Almighty has His own purposes . " After this astounding flight of theological humility , Lincoln ended his remarks with another great statement of conciliation , urging his fellow Americans , North and South , to act "  with malice toward none , with charity for all . " Good advice , that , for civil wars and culture wars alike . Quiz : How well do you know your inauguration history ? 3 . Franklin Delano Roosevelt 's first inaugural  1933 Like Jefferson and Lincoln , FDR delivered his first inaugural address in a moment of crisis , though this time the crisis was economic rather than political or military . In an era before food stamps and Social Security , the Great Depression had put two out of every five Americans out of work . Farm prices were collapsing . Factories were closing . The banking system was convulsing . The stock market was crashing . Into this grim situation FDR delivered hope . "  This is a national consecration , " he began , and then got right to the point : "  So , first of all , let me assert my belief that the only thing we have to fear is fear itself -- nameless , unreasoning , unjustified terror which paralyzes needed efforts to convert retreat into advance . " Strictly speaking , this sentiment makes no sense . Fear itself aside , there is always plenty to fear . But Roosevelt struck the right chord for the moment , and his reassuring words paved the way for the massive overhaul of the federal government now known as the New Deal . 10 inaugural moments that mattered 4 . John F. Kennedy 's inaugural address  1961 John F. Kennedy 's first and only inaugural was a Cold War speech that barely mentioned domestic policy . It takes us back to a time when the lines between liberals and conservatives were harder to draw -- when an upstart Massachusetts Democrat like Kennedy could run to the right of the sitting Republican president and war hero Dwight D. Eisenhower on foreign policy . It also recalls an era when presidents would actually call for sacrifice . Today politicians tell us what our country can do for us , or they demand that our country leave us alone . Kennedy told us to put the interests of the nation above region , party , and even self . "  Ask not what your country can do for you -- ask what you can do for your country , " he said , in a line that inspired a generation to enter into the newly formed Peace Corps and other forms of public service . In a less known but equally apropos line he said , "  Civility is not a sign of weakness . ... Let both sides explore what problems unite us instead of belaboring those problems which divide us . " 5 . Ronald Reagan 's first inaugural  1981 Ronald Reagan 's first inaugural address is n't on its own terms a classic . But it was historic in the sense that FDR 's first inaugural was historic . While FDR paved the way for the New Deal , Reagan set the groundwork for its gradual dismantling . Ironically , FDR was Reagan 's hero . But here Reagan turned on the big government FDR had ushered in , giving the policies of his predecessor a clear rebuke . "  In this present crisis , " he said , "  government is not the solution to our problem ; government is the problem . " Reagan 's first inauguration came on the same day that 52 American hostages were released from Iran . So the celebrations were particularly keen . But in retrospect the day was most important for ushering in the Reagan Revolution and the fears of big government and high taxes that continue to haunt us today .	In the wake of election tie , Thomas Jefferson delivered most conciliatory address Frederick Douglass said Lincoln 's second inaugural "  sounded more like a sermon " Franklin Roosevelt 's first inaugural delivered hope amid the Great Depression
CNN  -- As far as hitchhikers go , this one looks harmless enough . He or she -- it 's hard to tell -- is short and friendly , if a little fashion-challenged . Get him talking , however , and he wo n't shut up . Meet hitchBOT , a talking , tweeting , bucket-bodied Canadian robot that 's hitchhiking west from Halifax , Nova Scotia , to Victoria , British Columbia -- a journey of nearly 4,000 miles . The robot employs artificial intelligence , speech recognition , social media and other tools to bum rides from motorists . Deposited last Monday on Highway 102 outside Halifax , hitchBot by Friday had journeyed to just west of Toronto . Its travels are being documented on Twitter , on Instagram and on the robot 's website , which charts its progress on a map . The gender-neutral robot was conceived by university researchers David Harris Smith and Frauke Zeller , who view its quest as part performance art , part social experiment . As they see it , humans in popular science fiction are always wondering whether they can trust robots . Instead , they 'd like to turn the question around : Can robots trust human beings ? So far , the answer appears to be yes . Three young men gave hitchBOT a ride , bought it a stuffed animal and fed it a "  meal " of metal screws and motor oil . A couple covered hitchBOT with a plastic cape to keep it safe from the rain . And people have been recharging hitchBOT along the way by plugging it into their cars ' cigarette lighters . "  People seem to be rather intrigued with hitchBOT , and take very good care  of it  , " said Smith , a communications and multimedia professor at McMaster University in Hamilton , Ontario , and Zeller , a communications professor at Ryerson University in Toronto , in a statement e-mailed to CNN . "  We have even seen hitchBOT lying in a camping bed under a blanket , and sitting on a toilet , " they said , "  so people certainly have fun with it . " hitchBOT has a bucket for a torso , blue swimming-pool noodles for arms and legs and a smiling LED panel for a face , protected by a cake saver . It wears yellow gloves on its hands , and wellies -- rubber boots -- on its feet . Inside is a simple tablet PC and some components from Arduino , the open-source electronics platform . Together , all the parts cost about $ 1,000 . "  We wanted to see what we can build on a shoestring budget ... and with tools/components that one can get in any hardware store , " Smith and Zeller said . Thanks to its computerized innards and speech software , hitchBOT can answer basic questions , make small talk and recite info from Wikipedia . It can also get pretty chatty , not always something you want in a road-trip companion . "  We knew that sometimes ... hitchBOT wo n't be able to properly understand what people are saying . For these cases , we came up with the solution to let hitchBOT simply chatter away , " its creators said . "  We taught hitchBOT to say that sometimes it gets a bit carried away , and that its programmers could only write that many scripts , hoping for people to be patient . " hitchBOT records its journey via GPS . It contains a camera and snaps random photos every half hour or so , which are moderated before being posted online to protect people 's privacy . It also can record conversations with people it meets -- with their permission -- as a sort of audio diary . Humans who encounter hitchBOT are directed to its website , where instructions tell them how to handle the robot  tip : drop it off at rest stops or gas stations instead of alone on busy highways  . hitchBOT 's final destination is the Open Space artist center in Victoria , British Columbia , which means the robot will likely have to hitch a ride on a boat . Nobody knows exactly how long his cross-country trip will take . Smith and Zeller say the goal of their project is to examine the relationship between humans and "  smart " technologies while seeing whether an anthropomorphic robot can engender good will , cooperation and even affection . The two researchers are worried that someone might mistreat hitchBOT . But the journey 's success so far has allayed their fears a little . "  We have seen so much support on social media and through other channels that we are now more optimistic , " they said . "  They  the robot 's drivers  all say that wherever they go with hitchBOT , they meet lots of people through it . "  Everybody stops , takes pictures , and wants to talk ... so this is an interesting case of technology bringing humans closer to each other . "	A talking robot is hitchhiking west from Halifax , Nova Scotia , to Victoria , British Columbia Called hitchBOT , it uses artificial intelligence and speech software to communicate It relies on human drivers to ferry it from place to place As of Friday the robot had reached Toronto
Cupertino , California  CNN  -- The iPhone 4S may not look any different from its predecessor , but it is Apple 's only model with a sort of robot living inside . Apple 's new phone , which was announced on Tuesday to be sold in stores on October 14 , will have a new function called Siri . The program lets people bark commands or ask questions to the phone , and it will provide an answer or ask follow-up questions in order to perform a given task . At the news conference , Phil Schiller , Apple 's marketing executive , called Siri "  the coolest feature of the new iPhone 4S , " and the company is expected to advertise Siri heavily in its sales pitches . Apple dedicated a significant chunk of the presentation to showing the extent of Siri 's ability to interpret requests and respond . "  Do I need a raincoat today ? " incites a robo-female voice to reply : "  It sure looks like rain today , " as Scott Forstall , Apple 's mobile software executive , demonstrated . Ask Siri to remind you to buy flowers for your wife at a certain time , and Siri may ask you to identify her in the phone 's address book . Siri then remembers who she is for future requests , Forstall said . The software integrates with Yelp and WolframAlpha for relevant queries . It can also schedule appointments in the phone 's calendar and transcribe e-mails or text messages . With Google 's Android phones , users can dictate messages , too , which are then transcribed by Google 's servers . Other cell phones support voice commands , which is handy when operating a phone while driving , but few people take advantage of the option . Even the preceding iPhones had a basic version of this called Voice Control , which can be activated in the same way as Siri , by holding down the phone 's home button . But Apple 's ambitions for Siri are much greater . Steve Jobs has said that Siri 's focus is on artificial intelligence . "  We like what they do a lot , " the Apple co-founder and former CEO said at the AllThingsD conference last year . Forstall echoed that onstage Tuesday , saying : "  I 've been in the AI field a long time , and this still blows me away . " The big unveiling of the iPhone 4S on Tuesday was the first time most people learned about Siri , but the voice-assistant software is rooted in many years of extensive technical research . The project was born at SRI International , a nonprofit research organization . It was a part of an ambitious project called CALO , for Cognitive Assistant that Learns and Organizes . The program was funded by the U.S. Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency  DARPA  , the government division responsible for Global Position System  GPS  and developments that led to the creation of the Internet . Work on Siri began in the summer of 2007 , and SRI executives decided to spin out the project as a standalone business in 2008 . Apple acquired the company in April 2010 . "  The team was so happy when Apple did the acquisition , " Norman Winarsky , a Siri co-founder who remained at SRI , said in an interview on Monday . "  They have a vision . " Before joining Apple , Siri provided a free app for iOS mobile devices . Apple removed it from the App Store on Tuesday , which means only iPhone 4S owners will be able to access the service starting next week . The version integrated into the 4S is vastly superior to the now-defunct app based on onstage demos . Apple spokespeople did not respond to CNN 's requests to try the product at the event on Tuesday . Siri 's engineers were excited for the opportunity to bake their software deeply into the new iPhone and build features that a third-party developer would not be able to do because of Apple-imposed restrictions , Winarsky said . "  We are going to be very proud , " he said . "  The world of virtual personal assistants is going to be everywhere . " Siri 's specialty is in its ability to interpret so-called natural-language requests . It was originally developed to handle typed queries , Winarsky said . For the voice transcription , Siri uses technology from Nuance Communications , Mike Thompson , an exec for Nuance 's mobile division , said in an interview on Tuesday . Apple also licenses Nuance 's voice transcription for features on the Mac . Like Siri , Nuance was spun out from SRI . "  We 're thrilled with today 's announcement , " Thompson said . "  What you 're seeing today is the beginning of the next generation -LSB- of mobile assistants -RSB- . That 's really the deep integration and the totality of the experience . " For technologists , like Apple co-founder Steve Wozniak , the ability to speak into a digital companion that can understand and respond is a sci-fi dream realized . "  I do n't like to learn programs ' methods of doing everything , " Wozniak said in a recent interview with CNN . "  I just want to speak it and have it happen . " Apple is betting that Siri 's implementation of that will be a major selling point for the new phone . Despite no apparent technical limitations , the software will only be offered on the iPhone 4S at first . "  Siri is compelling , " AT&T Mobility CEO Ralph de la Vega said in an interview after the announcement . He indicated that he expected the feature would be a significant enough reason to spur current iPhone users to purchase the iPhone 4S .	Apple 's iPhone 4S will have a new voice-assistant feature called Siri Siri is based on a government-funded research program Apple acquired Siri in April 2010
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- The number of people forced to flee their homes in Afghanistan is increasing and the conditions for the displaced are falling well below international standards , a new study by the Norwegian Refugee Council found . In 2012 alone , spreading conflict in Afghanistan has forced more than 166,000 Afghans to flee their homes , bringing the total number of people internally displaced by conflict to at least 460,000 since the fall of the Taliban in late 2001 , according to the council 's report . The numbers alone do n't tell the full story , it says . Most of the internally displaced people "  are living in appalling conditions and in situations of extreme poverty , " Dan Tyler , protection and advocacy manager at NRC Afghanistan , told CNN . India-Pakistan dynamic holds key to Afghanistan 's future Lack of employment , insufficient food and water supplies , and poor quality housing or shelters -- typically tents or unsubstantial mud homes -- are among the problems internally displaced people are facing , especially during the winter , when their shelters can not offer enough protection against the cold , the report says . Last winter brought Afghanistan 's displacement crisis into sharp focus , and revealed the scale of suffering facing displaced people , with reports of "  at least 100 confirmed deaths , mostly of children , who died from the cold or illness in Kabul alone , " Tyler said . One of the displaced people , Mohammad Ibrahim , 42 , fled his home in Greshk district of southern Helmand province almost three years ago with his wife and five children . Now he lives under a mud hut in a makeshift camp in the eastern part of Kabul , the capital city . "  I am really worried about what will happen to our children this winter , " Ibrahim told CNN . "  Last winter more than 10 children died just in our makeshift camp due to cold , and I do n't know how many more would die this winter , which has already started . " Ibrahim added that last year he thought that he would be in a better situation by this year 's winter , "  but I was wrong . " The study also says that displaced families report facing obstacles to find health services and to access education for their children , with over a third of the displaced children lacking access to schools . According to Tyler , very few provinces are immune from either receiving or creating internally displace people , but the southern and southeastern regions are the main origination areas , and the majority of people go to big cities , especially Kabul , where security and livelihood opportunities , as well as access to services , is perceived to be greater . Afghan bank fraud siphoned out savers ' money , independent report says The report adds that more than half of the people surveyed identified the Taliban and other anti-government groups as the key causes of insecurity in their homes communities and the primary drivers of their displacement . The Norwegian Refugee Council 's study reveals worrying gaps in protection and assistance because of the challenges of collecting information and coordinating responses amid increasing insecurity . Many humanitarian actors tasked with collecting data on displacement have limited access to those most in need , it says . The Afghan government 's response to the displacement crisis has also been inadequate , the report says . Insufficient funding , capacity and lack of expertise on the part of central and local authorities means conditions for the displaced , both during the period of their displacement and during the course of their return have fallen well below international standards , according to the study . "  There is also concern that , as international troops withdraw from Afghanistan  by 2014  , there will be less funding available to meet the humanitarian needs " of internally displaced people , Tyler said . There is growing awareness that during and beyond the security transition , more would need to be done to profile the needs of displaced people . "  But whether the humanitarian community will have time to prepare  for  , or the funding to respond to a deepening displacement crisis is far from certain , " he warned . Opinion : Five ways to fix Afghanistan	In 2012 alone , more than 166,000 Afghans have fled their homes , a new report says The Norwegian Refugee Council found most are "  living in appalling conditions " The internally displace people lack access to health and education resources , it says The Afghan government 's response has been inadequate , the report adds
Perugia , Italy  CNN  -- Police forensic scientists involved in the Amanda Knox murder case made a series of glaring errors during their investigation , according to court-appointed experts who testified Monday in her appeal . Knox , 24 , was convicted and sentenced to 26 years in prison for the murder of British student Meredith Kercher , 21 , who was found partially naked with her throat cut in her bedroom of the house the two shared . Knox and her former boyfriend Raffaele Sollecito , 26 , were convicted on two key pieces of evidence : a 30-centimeter  12-inch  kitchen knife and a clasp from Kercher 's bloodied bra . Authorities testified in the original trial that Kercher 's DNA was found on the blade of the knife , Knox 's DNA was on its handle , and DNA from Sollecito was on the bra clasp . But in their appeal in Perugia , two independent , court-appointed experts -- professors Carla Vecchiotti and Stefano Conti -- were damning in their appraisal of the methods used by police forensic teams . Conti showed a brief clip of two officers collecting the bra clasp , pointing out how it had been found six weeks after the murder and in a different place . There were gasps from the public gallery as the two officers were seen picking up the clasp , passing it from hand to hand , dropping it , picking it up and then placing it on the floor again . Conti said that although gloves were worn , grubby dirt marks could clearly be seen on the thumb and forefinger of one of the officers . "  We can see from these circumstances proper protocol was not followed , " he said . He also highlighted how the clasp had been placed into a plastic bag instead of a paper bag , saying the risk of contamination was "  significant " as a result of how it had been collected . The experts said the clasp had been kept in such a poor way that it was covered in rust , and further testing was futile . They both stressed that they had worn masks , gloves , paper suits and used sterile knives and scissors during their retesting at Rome 's La Sapinenza University . With regard to the knife , Vecchiotti said their test results were negative for blood and that the amount of DNA said to have been Kercher 's was so low , it could not be examined again with any conclusion . The two said that , studying the original report , it was clear that "  numerous people had been in and out of the crime scene " and that "  objects had been moved , " which again put all evidence at risk of contamination . In a point-by-point deconstruction , the experts said that because of the errors made by police during the original investigation , the evidence against Knox and Sollecito should be considered "  inadmissible . " Knox and Sollecito listened intently as the experts put forward their case , bringing fresh hope to them that they will be freed when the court gives its verdict in September . During a break in proceedings , Knox 's mother , Edda Mellas , said : "  To us this is not earth-shattering , because we have been saying it all along since the original trial , but it was just ignored . "  It really does beggar the question how they were found guilty in the first place when you see the mistakes that were made during the original investigation , " she said . The hearing is scheduled to resume on Saturday . Kercher , a University of Leeds student from Coulsdon , Surrey , was discovered with her throat slit in November 2007 , in the hilltop town of Perugia , just two months after she arrived in Italy during her year abroad . A third defendant , small-time drug dealer Rudy Guede , an immigrant from the Ivory Coast , was also jailed in connection with the brutal killing . He received a 30-year sentence for murder and sexual violence following a fast-track trial in October 2008 . His sentence was later cut to 16 years . Knox and Sollecito -- who is serving 25 years -- were found guilty in December 2009 .	Court-appointed forensic experts testify during appeal for Knox and her boyfriend The experts poke holes in DNA evidence from a knife and victim 's bra clasp Meredith Kercher , 21 , was found dead in the apartment she shared with Knox Knox , her former boyfriend and another man were convicted and sentenced
CNET  -- The company paid to treat people to free newspapers in London , lighted the Empire State Building in Windows ' colors and draped Toronto 's CN Tower with a 300-foot banner -- all part of a massive $ 300 million ad campaign that accompanied the product 's arrival . Windows 95 , which was separate from the company 's business-oriented Windows NT product , added a number of features over its predecessors including better network support , the ability to send faxes  yes , there was a time when that was a big deal  along with basic audio recording , audio playback , and video playback tools . Features now thought of as core parts of Windows , such as the start menu and taskbar , also made their debut with Windows 95 . Plus , it just looked a whole lot better graphically and was far more stable than past consumer versions of Windows . Internet Explorer debuted around the same time , but was sold separately as part of Microsoft 's Plus Pack for Windows 95 . It was eventually bundled in directly with the operating system in an update to Windows 95 released the following year . By the time Windows 95 was finally ushered off the market in 2001 , it had become a fixture on computer desktops around the world . "  If you look at Windows 95 , it was a quantum leap in difference in technological capability and stability , " Gartner analyst Neil MacDonald said at that time . A decade and a half after Windows 95 hit the market , though , one question looms large for Windows : Are all its best days in the past ? Clearly it was a different time and Microsoft might be hard pressed to capture that kind of consumer attention no matter what it did . But , never mind the long lines , will Microsoft be able to continue to sell Windows at the price and volume it has ? It 's one of the most important questions facing Microsoft as a company . While the company has expanded far beyond its Windows roots , Windows and Office remain the engine driving the vast majority of the company 's profits even as it looks to cell phones , search , and online services to augment its mainstay businesses . At the moment , the Windows business is doing quite well , with Windows 7 selling at an impressive clip . Indeed Windows 7 is selling far faster than Windows 95 did in its early days , though that 's as much a testament to how large the PC market is as anything else . The longer-term question is whether Windows can outpace what I call the generic web experience . In the coming years , smartbooks , tablets , cell phones , Netbooks and shapes we probably have n't thought of will all be capable of delivering the web , which is for many people their main use of a PC . For Windows to be as relevant on Windows 95 's 20th anniversary as it is today , the company will have had to manage to evolve the operating system significantly . I see a few ways this can happen , but none is a sure thing . First , Microsoft  or a third-party software maker  can develop a new killer app that only runs on Windows . It 's been a long time since this happened , but certainly it 's not impossible . New user interfaces can also be added . Touch is already there , as is voice control to some degree , but gesture recognition such as that found in Kinect could pave the way for new uses . Second , it could evolve Windows and Windows Live to offer a dramatically better way of doing the same tasks that most people do on the Web . Sure , we can manage our photos and music on the Web today and that is getting easier . However , tapping local storage and graphics , Microsoft has the potential to offer a better way and , with the latest version of Windows Live , is trying to do so . Third , Microsoft could enhance the value of Windows by having a browser that is demonstrably superior to non-Windows rivals . This appears to be a tall order , given that Internet Explorer , while still leading in market share , has been well behind rivals when it comes to being seen as the technical leader . For the record , this challenge is not just the one facing Microsoft . It 's also the one facing Apple 's Mac business . And while Microsoft must justify the $ 100 or so premium that it charges for Windows , Apple commands an even higher premium when comparing the Mac to one of these "  generic Web " devices . But Apple also has another entrant in the game -- a viable alternative Web experience delivered in the form of the iPad . Microsoft , at least so far , appears to have only Windows , in its various flavors . © 2010 CBS Interactive Inc. . All rights reserved . CNET , CNET.com and the CNET logo are registered trademarks of CBS Interactive Inc. . Used by permission .	Windows 95 added a number of core features such as the start menu and taskbar Windows and Microsoft Office remain the engine driving the vast majority of the company 's profits The question is whether Windows can outpace what we call the generic web experience
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Acura apologized Wednesday for a casting document that called for an African-American actor who was "  not too dark " in the car company 's Super Bowl ad . The controversial casting call document , published Wednesday by the celebrity gossip site TMZ , "  pulls back the curtain " on the widely known practice of casting based on skin tone in Hollywood , a longtime manager said . TMZ reported that it got the audition posting from "  an African-American actor who did n't fit the profile , and who 's pissed . " The role was for an "  African-American Car Dealer " who would appear in a car showroom scene with Jerry Seinfeld . Jay Leno also appeared in the ad . The sheet 's "  role details " read : "  Nice Looking , friendly . Not too dark . Will work with a MAJOR COMEDIAN . " Acura spokesman Gary Robinson told CNN that the company did not know about the casting description until the TMZ story was published . "  Any of the creative directions did n't come from Acura , " Robins said . "  They would 've come from the casting agency . " Cathi Carlton Casting , the agency hired by Acura to choose actors , declined comment . An employee who answered the phone at the agency 's Santa Monica , California , office said they would defer to Acura 's apology . "  We apologize to anyone offended by the language on the casting sheet used in the selection of actors for one of our commercials , " Acura said in a statement to CNN . "  We sought to cast an African-American in a prominent role in the commercial , and we made our selection based on the fact that he was the most talented actor . " Acura said it was "  taking appropriate measures to ensure that such language is not used again in association with any work performed on behalf of our brand . " Longtime Hollywood manager Roger Neal said he was not shocked that a casting director would choose based on skin tone . "  People in the business a long time deal with this every day , " he said . But Neal , who has looked at daily casting breakdowns for 31 years , said he was surprised the description was written on a casting document . "  I 've never seen it in writing before , " Neal said . "  No one has been bold enough to put it in writing . " The publication of the casting sheet "  pulls back the curtain " on the casting practice , he said . Neal said he suspects it was an inexperienced casting assistant who wrote the description . Casting agents have told him in the past that his clients were too dark , or "  not black enough , " Neal said . A euphemism in Hollywood is to tell a rejected actor that the casting director "  went a different direction " when their race cost them an acting job , Neal said . SAG-AFTRA , the actors union , "  immediately reached out to the casting office when the notice was brought to our attention so we could discuss the specific language used , " it said in a statement sent to CNN Wednesday . "  Despite the intention behind it , the notice was clearly not as well stated as it could have been and this is an area in which SAG-AFTRA 's equal employment opportunities and diversity staff can help , " the union said . CNN 's Chris Dignam contributed to this report .	Casting sheet calls for an African-American actor , "  Nice looking , friendly . Not too dark . " Acura points blame at the casting agency The Super Bowl ad featured comedians Jerry Seinfeld and Jay Leno "  People in the business a long time deal with this every day , " talent manager says
CNN  -- An Indiana judge Monday froze the assets of Marcus Schrenker , a suburban Indianapolis financial manager who authorities say tried to fake his own death by crashing his private plane into a Florida swamp . Marcus Schrenker exited his small plane before it crashed , and investigators are looking for him , police say . Investigators looking into his business dealings for possible securities violations requested the temporary restraining order in Hamilton County Superior Court , said Jim Gavin , spokesman for the Indiana Secretary of State . He said the order , which also applies to Schrenker 's wife , Michelle , and to his three companies , is aimed at protecting investors , and is related to a receivership filing . He did n't elaborate . Heritage Wealth Management , Heritage Insurance Services and Icon Wealth Management are "  the subjects of an active investigation by the Indiana Securities Division , " Gavin said . Public documents list Schrenker as president of Heritage Wealth Management in Fishers , Indiana . A search warrant related to the inquiry was served December 31 , Gavin said . According to The Herald Bulletin in Anderson , Indiana , Michelle Schrenker filed for divorce in Hamilton Superior Court on December 30 . A hearing was set for February 5 . Schrenker , 38 , took off alone Sunday night in a corporate plane , a Piper PA-46 , from Anderson , Indiana , en route to Destin , Florida . Authorities said the Fisher , Indiana , businessman parachuted to the ground before letting the plane crash in the Florida panhandle . The craft came down near the Blackwater River , only 50 to 75 yards from homes , said Sgt. Scott Haines of the Santa Rosa County Sheriff 's Office . Watch more about the mysterious flight " "  It is a neighborhood -- some very nice waterfront property , " he said . Military aircraft from Whiting Field , which were dispatched to intercept the plane after Schrenker reported an emergency , witnessed the crash about 9:15 p.m. CT. . The crews fired flares and noticed the plane 's door was open and the cockpit was dark , Haines said in a news release . They got no response . Haines said the plane appeared to have been put on autopilot at around 2,000 feet , over the Birmingham , Alabama , area , before the pilot parachuted to the ground . Schrenker had contacted air traffic controllers , saying that the windshield imploded . "  The pilot stated that he was bleeding profusely , " the news release said . "  Radio contact with the plane was not able to be established after that point . When deputies located the plane at the crash site , no blood was present and the door to the plane was open . " The Childersburg , Alabama , Police Department reported that Schrenker approached one of its officers shortly before 2:30 a.m. , "  and said that he had been in a canoeing accident with some friends , " a news release said . Childersburg is about 35 miles southeast of Birmingham . Childersburg officers , unaware of the plane crash , took Schrenker to a hotel in nearby Harpersville . After hearing about the crash , they went back to the hotel , where they found that Schrenker had checked into the hotel under a fictitious name . "  When authorities entered Schrenker 's room , he was not there , " the release said . Authorities said Schrenker checked in under a fake name , put on a black cap and fled into a wooded area . Hotel manager Yogi Patel , who identified Schrenker on surveillance video , told CNN that Schrenker was the only guest overnight . He signed in as Jason Galouzs of Bolingbrook , Illinois , Patel said . A hotel employee said Schrenker went up to his room , but did n't enter before leaving the building . iReport.com : Are you near the crash site ? Tell us about it Steve Darlington , manager of Anderson Municipal Airport , told CNN the plane was in fine condition at takeoff , and said Schrenker is "  an accomplished pilot " who owns "  a couple of airplanes " and flies regularly . No agency has come forward to lead the probe . "  The FBI is looking into the matter , along with other agencies , " said Paul Draymond , of the Birmingham FBI office . Kathleen Bergen , spokeswoman for the Federal Aviation Administration , said several factors indicated the pilot likely left the plane before the crash : a "  detailed review of radar data , " the fact that the plane was switched to autopilot before it crashed , the sighting by military jet crews and the fact that the cockpit was found mostly intact with no one inside . After the pilot alerted air traffic controllers about the alleged problems with his plane , authorities tried to persuade him to land in Pell City , Alabama , east of Birmingham , Haines said . Schrenker also flew an acrobatic plane , and made a video featured on a YouTube site . A message preceding the video warns , "  No pilot should attempt this stunt . You will get yourself killed . Pilot specially trained to fly unlimited acrobatics and shows . " CNN 's Josh Levs contributed to this report .	Authorities say pilot tried to fake his own death by crashing his private plane Officials searching for Marcus Schrenker , who they say parachuted out of plane Investigators looking into possible securities violations request the restraining order Manager in Alabama says Schrenker was his only guest at hotel overnight
A Dutch artist and designer has come up with a device he hopes will suck pollutants from Beijing 's smog-cloaked skies , creating columns of clean air for the city 's surgical-mask wearing residents . An electromagnetic field generated by copper coils will pull airborne particles in the smog to the ground where they can be easily cleaned . "  It 's like when you have a balloon which has static  electricity  and your hair goes toward it . Same with the smog , " says artist Daan Roosegaarde . His studio has reached an agreement with the Beijing government to test the technology in one of the capital 's parks . With its skies regularly shrouded by filthy gray smog , Beijing this week unveiled a series of emergency measures to tackle the problem . Roosegaarde says an indoor prototype has already proven it works and is confident the results -- with the help of a team of scientists and engineers -- can be replicated outside : "  Beijing is quite good because the smog is quite low , it 's in a valley so there 's not so much wind . It 's a good environment to explore this kind of thing . " "  We 'll be able to purify the air and the challenge is to get the top of the smog so you can see the sun again . " Roosegaarde acknowledges that projects like this are a way of drawing attention to the problem , rather than a viable solution to Beijing 's dire air pollution . "  This is not the real answer for smog . The real answer has to do with clean cars , different industry and different lifestyles . " However , he hopes the project will make a "  radical statement " by allowing the city 's residents to realize the difference between breathing clean and smog-filled air . "  I want to take a park in Beijing , 50m by 50m square , and make it the cleanest park in Beijing , " he says . He is still discussing with local authorities which park will be used . Roosegaarde 's studio has worked on several projects that use static electricity in unusual ways ; creating a road that charges electric cars and a floor that generates electricity when danced on .	Dutch artist and designer has come up with a device that aims to suck pollutants from air Technology will be tested in a Beijing park Project aims to draw attention to smog rather than provide long-term solution
Oakland , California  CNN  -- A former police officer convicted of involuntary manslaughter for killing an unarmed man in Oakland , California , apologized to the public and described his memories of the moments after the shooting in a handwritten letter obtained by CNN . In the letter , Johannes Mehserle said he was "  truly sorry " for killing Oscar Grant . "  For now , and forever , I will live , breathe , sleep , and not sleep with the memory of Mr. Grant screaming ` you shot me ' and me putting my hands on the bullet wound thinking the pressure would help while I kept telling him ` you 'll be okay , ' " Mehserle says in the letter . "  I tried to tell myself that maybe this shot would not be so serious , but I recall how sick I felt when Mr. Grant stopped talking , closed his eyes and seemed to change his breathing . " Mehserle 's letter was dated July 4 , four days before a jury found him guilty of involuntary manslaughter for shooting 22-year-old Grant on an Oakland train platform on January 1 , 2009 . Mehserle , who was on duty as a Bay Area Rapid Transit police officer at the time of the incident , said at the trial that he intended to draw and fire his Taser rather than his gun , CNN affiliate KTVU reported . "  I have and will continue to live everyday of my life knowing that Mr. Grant should not have been shot , " his letter said . "  No words can express how truly sorry I am . " The involuntary manslaughter conviction usually carries a maximum four-year sentence , but some in Oakland expected a tougher penalty for the former police officer , and took to the streets in protest Thursday . Crowds broke the glass of a Foot Locker and other stores . Others threw sneakers out of the store as police wearing gas masks stormed the area . Outside the courtroom , Grant family members expressed outrage at the verdict . "  My son was murdered . He was murdered . He was murdered . My son was murdered , " said Grant 's mother , Wanda Johnson . "  The system has let us down , but God will never ever let us down . " Johnson and other speakers said African-Americans have been the victims of police abuse and a biased judicial system . She said Mehserle was n't found accountable . "  We could n't get even six hours of deliberations , " said Johnson , who accused jurors of being unfair . Oakland police said there were 78 arrests during Thursday night 's protests on charges including failure to disperse , resisting arrest , burglary , vandalism and assaulting a police officer . Mehserle 's trial was moved from Alameda County to Los Angeles because of pre-trial publicity . Members of the jury , which included no African-Americans , said they were unanimous in their decision . Their finding indicates that Mehserle was criminally negligent . The shooting was captured on a bystander 's cell-phone video camera . The video , which showed Mehserle pulling his gun and fatally shooting Grant in the back as another officer knelt on the unarmed man , was widely circulated on the Internet and on news broadcasts , and it spurred several protests in and around Oakland . Mehserle resigned his position a few days after the incident and was later arrested in Nevada . His sentencing is set for August 6 . Involuntary manslaughter carries a maximum sentence of up to four years in prison under California law . But the judge could add an "  enhancement " that could provide a longer sentence because a firearm was used .	Johannes Mehserle says he is "  truly sorry " for shooting Oscar Grant Letter says Grant screamed "  you shot me " while Mehserle tried to reassure him Jury convicted Mehserle of involuntary manslaughter Family , protesters expressed outrage at the verdict
CNN  -- Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger and midfielder Samir Nasri have both been charged with improper conduct by governing body UEFA following the London club 's European Champions League elimination at the hands of Barcelona on Tuesday . The French duo are alleged to have made comments to Swiss referee Massimo Busacca after Barcelona 's 3-1 second leg win at the Camp Nou on Tuesday . "  UEFA has opened disciplinary proceedings against Arsenal FC coach Arsene Wenger and the English club 's midfielder Samir Nasri , " read a UEFA statement . "  Both are to face charges of improper conduct , and their cases will be heard by the UEFA Control and Disciplinary Body on Thursday March 17 . " Was Wenger right - did the referee kill the game ? The Gunners were angered by Busacca 's decision to issue Dutchman Robin van Persie with a second yellow card in the 56th minute for kicking the ball away following an offside decision , although the striker claimed to have not heard the referee 's whistle . At that point the match was level at 1-1 after Lionel Messi had given Barca the lead on the stroke of half time , only for makeshift defender Sergio Busquets to head the ball into his own net in the second half . Messi returns to haunt Arsenal Once the visitors were reduced to 10 men Barcelona took control and a Xavi strike coupled with a Messi penalty helped the Catalans to a comfortable success . Wenger , 61 , and Nasri , 23 , are both alleged to have made comments to Busacca in the tunnel at the end of Tuesday 's match .	Arsene Wenger and Samir Nasri have both been charged with improper conduct by UEFA Charges relate to alleged comments made to the referee after Arsenal 's 3-1 defeat Arsenal angered by referee Massimo Busacca decision to send off Robin van Persie Van Persie was shown a second yellow card for kicking the ball after an offside decision
CNN  -- U.S. Sen. Jon Tester is famous for his flat-top and middle of the road politics . Amanda Curtis , Tester 's fellow Democrat and would-be colleague from Montana , is known for her nose ring and her unabashedly liberal affiliations . Although many insiders dismiss her campaign as a long shot , Amanda Curtis is raising money at a prodigious rate and battling assertions that she is too radical for conservative-leaning Montana . But on many issues , the candidate admits she needs to study up . But time is running out with Election Day a little more than two months away . Curtis , a Butte math teacher serving her first-term in the Montana state house , has already raised $ 180,000 in 10 days , according to her campaign , and sees "  people coming out of the woodwork " to support her . According to Curtis , who spoke with CNN last week , her nomination as the Democratic Senate candidate "  came from incredible circumstance . " Curtis added that she had not even planned to seek re-election to her seat in the state legislature , let alone run for the U.S. Senate . An untested candidate But that "  incredible circumstance " comes with a price for Curtis and the Democrats who thrust an untested candidate into the national spotlight overnight . When asked her position on the situation in Iraq , Curtis told CNN , "  Give me a little more time . " On the border crisis , "  I 'll need more time , you know only 11 days ago I was painting my storm windows . " One area the teacher had a firm answer was Common Core , the controversial national education standards opposed by teachers ' unions but supported by the Obama administration . Curtis said , "  I am excited by Common Core , as a teacher ... but there has been a rush to implement it and that 's the problem . " Montana State University professor David Parker concedes that "  she 's clearly rough . ... It 's going to take time to get her answers down to sound bite quality . " Not going to back down But Robyn Driscoll , a Democratic Montana state senator , finds the lack of polish "  a refreshing change from the usual spin . ... Her approach tells voters she is not going to back down . " Her priorities : access to public lands , opposition to Rep. Paul Ryan 's House GOP budget , and "  economic policies for the 100 % , not the 1 % . " Curtis , 34 , has already garnered the support of the state 's unions , former Vermont Gov. Howard Dean 's Democracy for America and Tester , the state 's two-term Democratic senator . "  As Montana 's senior senator , I 'll be supporting Amanda as well as all Democrats who are talking about the issues that are important to Montana , " Tester told CNN . "  Amanda 's energy and enthusiasm will be a refreshing change and will bring attention to issues facing working families like education and access to our public lands . " Tester helping out Tester 's spokeswoman Marnee Banks confirmed that he has been helping Curtis fundraise and plans to continue to make calls on her behalf . When Tester 's counterpart , Max Baucus , left the Senate this year for the U.S. ambassador 's post in Beijing , Montana Democrats were in a pickle . They needed a replacement . They chose John Walsh , a decorated veteran , the head of the state 's National Guard and its lieutenant governor , to keep the seat blue . It was already an uphill battle in the Big Sky state against popular freshman U.S. Rep. Steve Daines , the Republican nominee . Then the plagiarism charges hit after a New York Times story detailed how Walsh lifted large parts of his master 's thesis from others ' work . Walsh dropped his campaign within two weeks , vowing to stay in the Senate . Little time to vet candidate Rushing to fill the seat , they chose Curtis at a nominating convention with little time to vet her for the job . After the nomination was announced , the state Republican Party circulated a montage of Curtis 's Youtube videos that catalogue her first term as a state representative . In the video , Curtis is critical of gun-rights supporters , calls herself "  an anarchist at heart , " and explains she had to restrain herself from punching a fellow state representative who expressed anti-gay sentiments . Chairwoman of the Young Democrats of Montana Marissa Perry said the GOP is taking the remarks out of context in an attempt to smear Curtis . "  I encourage you to watch the whole thing . They are not showing the full story , " Perry told CNN . Curtis , for her part , stands by the videos she contends are being manipulated , and encouraged voters to watch them in their entirety . "  Those videos are my public record , " Curtis said . Conservative criticism Conservative critics have unearthed other controversial statements and affiliations , including Curtis ' association with the Industrial Workers of the World . IWW is a far left union movement that hopes to "  take possession of the means of production , abolish the wage system , and live in harmony with the Earth , " according to its website . Her husband , Kevin , is listed as a local organizer for IWW in Montana . Phil Kerpen of the conservative advocacy group American Commitment , which first published Curtis ' affiliation with IWW , told CNN , "  Plagiarism disqualified a Senate candidate , but extremist ideology , advocacy of violence , and membership in the Industrial Workers of the World results in nothing but praise for his replacement . This is what the Democratic Party has become in 2014 . " Curtis campaign manager Clayton Elliot was asked about the union affiliation and criticism , but replied by emphasizing her populist approach . "  Amanda grew up in a family that struggled to put food on the table so she knows first hand the struggles of Montana working families . Unlike Congressman Daines , Amanda believes that we must put working Montana families ahead of corporate special interests , " Elliot said . Dems see her as a net-plus Democratic strategists see Curtis 's firebrand politics as a net-plus , if not for her race , for down ballot races . They confided that before her entry into the race , liberal voters were unlikely to turn out for the Democratic ticket in an off-year . The Curtis run will change that , they told CNN . The Senate Democrats ' campaign arm , the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee , is widely expected to lay low and not invest in the Curtis campaign , which is down double digits in the latest polling . Professor Parker thinks it increasingly unlikely Curtis will receive significant outside support "  unless she closes in on Daines in the polls and money race . " For their part , the National Republican Senate Committee is confident that Curtis wo n't be able to breakthrough against Daines , who has a huge advantage in name recognition and fundraising . "  Our strategy will remain internal , but it seems telling that the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee is telling allies that they 've given up on the race entirely , " said NRSC spokeswoman Brook Hougesen . But Curtis backers remain upbeat . Driscoll said the GOP "  should take  Amanda  seriously " since she raised $ 150,000 in the first week of her campaign "  just using social media ! " Calls by CNN to the DSCC seeking comment were not immediately returned .	A late entry into Montana Senate race , Amanda Curtis is unabashedly liberal Many insiders dismiss her candidacy as she trails in polls , but she 's raising money On many issues , Curtis admits that she needs to study up , but Election Day is not that far off Curtis stepped in after John Walsh 's candidacy imploded over plagiarism allegations
Tacloban , Philippines  CNN  -- Desperate pleas for food and water forced aid organizations and nations around the world to scramble Wednesday to deliver supplies four days after Typhoon Haiyan flattened areas of the Philippines , where bodies still litter the streets in one devastated province . Rain from a tropical depression grounded some relief flights , while blocked roads and poor conditions at some airports made delivering other aid a difficult proposition , increasing the misery of survivors and raising anxiety . "  I fear anarchy happening in Tacloban City , " said CNN iReporter Maelene Alcala , who was on vacation in Tacloban where the typhoon struck and was evacuated to Manila . "  It 's like survival of the fittest . " Tacloban , the provincial capital of the island of Leyte , was ground zero for the typhoon that struck Friday , leaving the city in ruins and its population of more than 200,000 in desperate conditions . "  The whole scene was like something fresh out of a movie . It was like the end of the world , " Alcala said . " ... Survivors are walking everywhere carrying sacks of goods they were able to get . " The lack of food and water drove famished survivors to desperate measures . They 've taken food and other items from grocery and department stores in Tacloban , where shop owners have organized to defend their goods with deadly force . Authorities have sent police and military reinforcements to try to bring the situation under control . Still , little aid was reaching victims , especially those in remote locations . More than 2 million people need food aid , the Philippine government said . The initial death toll projection of 10,000 was "  too much , " President Benigno Aquino III told CNN 's Christiane Amanpour . He estimated that the final accounting would more likely be around 2,000 to 2,500 . The toll from Typhoon Haiyan -- known in the Philippines as "  Yolanda " -- grew to 1,833 dead and 2,623 injured , the National Disaster Risk Reduction and Management Council said Wednesday . At least 84 people are missing , the council said . The number of dead and wounded will likely grow as search and rescue efforts continue . Among the dead , the State Department said Tuesday , were two U.S. citizens . Their identities were not released pending notification of next of kin . Bodies in the streets Everybody in Tacloban is searching for somebody . A dog led Yan Chow and a search crew to the body of his daughter buried underneath debris in Tacloban . Chow has been looking for his two children and his wife since the storm hit . He was texting with his daughter when the messages suddenly stopped , about the time a massive storm surge is believed to have hit the city . Her body was found not too far from where they found her brother , some distance from their house , Chow told CNN early Wednesday . The children 's mother is believed to be buried somewhere nearby , Chow said . Bodies litter the roads . Some are crudely covered in plastic and sheets , others left out in the blazing sun . Many corpses are out of view , mixed up with the rubble spread out as far as the eye can see . Some of them may be buried inside homes covered by mud and debris . Juan Martinez sits underneath a makeshift shack where his home once stood . Nearby , the bodies of his wife and two children are covered by sacks . "  I really want someone to collect their bodies so I know where they are taken , " he told CNN 's Anderson Cooper . "  I want to know where they are taken . " Hundreds of thousands displaced More than 580,000 people in the Philippines have been displaced in the aftermath of the storm , disaster officials said . Of those , about 286,000 people are being housed in 993 evacuation centers , the officials said . CNN OPEN STORY : Typhoon Haiyan 's impact Aquino defended the pace of relief to some of the hardest hit areas . The typhoon simply overwhelmed the ability of two or three local governments to do their jobs , which include taking care of the initial response , Aquino said . For example , in Tacloban , only 20 of 290 police were available when disaster struck ; many were tending to their own families , he said . The national government "  had to replace a lot of the personnel with personnel from other regions to take care of government 's vital functions , " Aquino said . The Philippines Armed Forces has increased troops and military engineers in Tacloban , and the army will fly aid to survivors in remote areas around the city with 11 helicopters and as many trucks . The exodus from the ravaged areas is adding to road congestion , further slowing help from getting in . Help on the way At least 29 nations or government groups have sent or pledged aid , according to the Philippines government . The aid includes $ 25 million from the United Nations , $ 4 million from the European Union , $ 16 million from Britain and $ 10 million from the United Arab Emirates , home to a large population of expatriate Filipino workers . In Hong Kong , the U.S. Navy rounded up sailors on shore leave from the USS George Washington and ordered the aircraft carrier 's strike group to make "  best speed " for the Philippines . Its air wings will deliver supplies and medical care to survivors . The Pentagon ordered more Marines from Japan to join the relief effort , and the U.S. Navy was also preparing three amphibious assault ships to head for the region , a senior Pentagon official told CNN . Among other things , such ships can turn seawater into desperately needed potable water . Experts from Doctors Without Borders , Oxfam and other organizations , as well as U.N. and U.S. civilian disaster assessment teams , were on the scene . Belgium and Russia sent field hospitals . The European Union sent â ‚ ¬ 3 million  $ 4 million  and two Boeing 747 aircraft loaded with supplies . Israel loaded up two 747s with 200 medical personnel and supplies . Difficult deliveries But it will almost certainly continue to be difficult to get that aid to survivors . Many roads remain blocked , and electricity is out in many areas , making it difficult to operate at night . Complicating matters , a new tropical storm , Zoraida , blew in Tuesday delivering more rain , the Philippine national weather agency PAGASA reported . Zoraida is not a strong storm , but it has dumped just under 4 inches of rain in some places , CNN meteorologists say . It was holding up desperately needed aid in at least one province , Iloilo , where Gov. Arthur Defensor Sr. grounded relief flights until it passed . Zoraida also slowed air aid in the neighboring province of Cebu , an official said , although military planes continued flying at the maximum allowed level of risk there . INTERACTIVE : ` The one building that survived the storm ' ` God , thank you for this big miracle ' Amid the despair , there were moments of joy . In Cebu , Fritz Anosa was reunited with his parents , who live in the hard-hit city of Guiuan where the storm made its first landfall in the Philippines . They were able to make it onto a Philippines Air Force C-130 making a return flight to deliver aid to the devastated community . "  When I first saw them , I was just so happy that we all broke down in tears , " he said . "  When I saw them , it was like , ` God , thank you for this big miracle . ' " Late Tuesday , CNN iReporter Debra Thomas found Sebastian Makison , the young man she has raised since high school . He was in the Philippines for volunteer work . Family members worked through Facebook and Twitter to find him , and a volunteer worker saw the posts and connected them . They visited over Skype late Tuesday night , bringing tears of joy . "  I am praying for the rest of the families and I hope they are as lucky as we are , " Thomas said . CNN BELIEF BLOG : Where was God in the Philippines ? CNN 's Nick Paton Walsh and Paula Hancocks reported from Tacloban ; Chelsea J. Carter reported and wrote from Atlanta . CNN 's Ben Brumfield , Michael Pearson , Ivan Watson , Barbara Starr , Matt Smith , Jessica King , Saad Abedine , Jethro Mullen , Catherine E. Shoichet , Neda Farshbaf , Andrew Stevens , Kristie Lu Stout , and Jessica King contributed to this report .	"  I really want someone to collect their bodies , " man says of dead family members Tacloban "  is like something fresh out of a movie . It 's like survival of the fittest , " one survivor says Bodies lay uncollected in the streets of Tacloban and still more are believed buried under buildings Aid groups , nations race to get aid to Philippines , but wreckage , weather slow relief
Washington  CNN  -- Dennis Apel has been a longtime critic of U.S. military policy and for 17 years has protested around Vandenberg Air Force Base in California . "  It 's completely immoral what 's happening there , " he says . "  I 'm not the threat " to anyone on the government reservation or its mission . "  They think what I have to say is the threat . " His message of peace and the conflict it has created with Obama administration officials have now taken Apel and his case all the way to the U.S. Supreme Court . At issue is whether someone previously barred from a military base may be convicted under federal law for "  peacefully protesting " on a public road easement along the enclosed high-security facility . While some on the court expressed concerns about the government 's claims , a majority of justices at Wednesday 's lively hour of oral arguments appeared to offer little support for Apel 's free speech and jurisdictional claims . "  If you look at the easement " agreement between the U.S. and the county , Justice Anthony Kennedy said , "  it makes it very clear that the military commander has authority to exercise control over the easement property . " "  You 've got a public school and a public highway " on the base , Justice Sonia Sotomayor said . "  I 'm not quite sure how you can keep a person off of lands that the military is not using in its operations . " The appeal presents a fact-specific inquiry into such issues as "  concurrent " government jurisdiction , public forums and the limits of "  exclusive control " asserted by the military . A ruling from the court in coming months could offer clearer guidelines for those like Apel seeking to protest on public land , where location is integral to their message . The 63-year-old man and his wife , Tensie Hernandez-Apel , founded Beatitude Catholic Worker House in Guadalupe , California , about a half-hour away from the base , which is along the scenic Pacific Ocean , northwest of Santa Barbara . The high-tech facility launches military satellites , operates aeronautical and space surveillance missions , and tests a variety of sophisticated weapons systems , including intercontinental ballistic missiles . Running through its eastern boundary are state Highways 1 and 246 , open to the traveling public . The federal government owns and operates the base , but the state and county have held a "  use easement " for more than a half-century , and they maintain the roads . Concurrent jurisdiction gives a measure of control of the narrow strip of land to all three entities . The Apels and their supporters from Pacific Life Community , a group that opposes nuclear weapons , had conducted monthly peace vigils in a special open "  protest zone " created along the Pacific Coast Highway bisecting the base . A special green line is designed to mark an off-limits area . Vandenberg 's commanding officer in 2003 issued a "  barment order " against Dennis Apel after he was arrested for trespassing and vandalism , including throwing blood on a base sign . A second "  bar letter " was given four years later , after another trespassing incident . In 2010 , with the ban still in effect , Apel again entered the protest zone on repeated occasions , was told to leave , and was then escorted off the property . He says he has been arrested about 15 times . He sought to block the misdemeanor counts on free speech and other legal grounds . A federal appeals court eventually ruled in his favor , saying the special protest zone was not an area under the military 's "  exclusive right of possession . " The Obama Justice Department then asked the Supreme Court to intervene . At Wednesday 's arguments , several conservative justices rebuffed the efforts by Apel attorney Erwin Chemerinsky to make this a predominately First Amendment case . "  When an easement goes towards a public road , that easement includes the right to use the public road for speech activities , " he said . Justice Kennedy said the issue was mainly about property ownership : "  You 're back on the First Amendment case . It may or may not . If the commander wants to close the base for a rocket launch , he certainly can . " Chemerinsky : "  The United States wants it both ways . They want the benefits of having an easement there , in the sense that the state is responsible for maintaining the road , the state is liable for any harms on the road , and the state enforces crimes on the road . But they also want to claim that they have all of the control over that public road as they would within the base . " But Justice Antonin Scalia interjected : "  They 're entitled to have it both ways . It 's their base . And if that 's the deal , take it or leave it , state : ` We 'll give you this easement , but the terms are what we have said . ' What 's wrong with that ? " Chief Justice John Roberts agreed : "  It 's been ceded by the United States for the convenience of the traveling public . ... The military commander has given permission to use the easement . " And Roberts said that even though there has been a protest zone in place since 1989 , Apel can still be banned at the commander 's sole discretion . "  He does see some kind of threat by allowing somebody in there who 's vandalized the base in the past . " Justice Elena Kagan , to Chemerinsky : "  Your argument is sort of a ` use it or lose it ' argument , is that correct ? That the government has this commanding authority , and unless it uses it to its full extent , every day of the week , it loses it ? One of the arguments that the government makes is , look , what the military wants to do here is something very sensible . It keeps tight what it needs to keep tight , but it allows to be more open areas that it does n't have an interest in securing entirely . And that 's for the convenience of military personnel and for other people who live around the base . What 's wrong with that ? " As for Apel , he told CNN after the arguments that he was hopeful of prevailing , and continuing his vigils at Vandenberg . "  They 're denying my right to dissent on their base , " he said . "  They 're systematically trying to keep me out there , but I 'm not going away . " The case is U.S. v. Apel  12-1038  . Supreme Court appears split over frequent flyer case	Lawyer for U.S. military policy critic calls conviction for "  peacefully protesting " invalid He 's accused of trespassing at base ; his defense is that he was on a public road easement Supreme Court appears to offer little support for his free speech and jurisdictional claims Chief Justice John Roberts : He can be banned from base at the commander 's sole discretion
Fort Campbell , Kentucky  CNN  -- President Barack Obama met Friday afternoon with members of the military team responsible for conducting the raid on Osama bin Laden 's compound , and promised a war-weary nation victory over al Qaeda . "  We are ultimately going to defeat al Qaeda , " the president told more than 2,300 troops who recently returned from Afghanistan . "  We have cut off their head . " "  Our strategy is working and there is no greater evidence of that than justice finally being delivered to Osama bin Laden , " he declared . "  We 're still the America that does the hard things , that does the great things . " The president made his remarks at Fort Campbell , Kentucky , home to the Army 's 101st Airborne Division and the 160th Special Operations Aviation Regiment , the group that operated the helicopters used in the raid . Bin Laden death leaves roots of terror untouched While at Fort Campbell , the president , along with Vice President Joe Biden , privately met with members of Navy SEAL Team 6 , the unit that conducted the raid . Among the SEALs that Obama met was the one who fired the fatal shots at bin Laden , but that person was not singled out to the president , a senior administration official told CNN . The president met a canine that was also part of the operation , according to the official . Obama visits ground zero ; honors victims of 9/11 Obama and Biden thanked the commandos and were briefed on the operation by the unit members who conducted it , according to a White House official . Obama awarded Presidential Unit Citations to the units involved in the Pakistan mission , the official said . The citation is the highest such honor that can be given to a military unit . "  They practiced tirelessly for this mission , and when I gave the order they were ready , " the president told the troops . "  They 're America 's quiet professionals . " It was a "  job well done , " he said . Trove of data found at bin Laden home Friday 's visit to Fort Campbell came a day after Obama 's first presidential visit to New York 's ground zero , the focal point of bin Laden 's 9/11 terror attacks . It also came one day after a nationwide alert was issued regarding rail security , the first terror threat notification linked to materials found during the raid on the Abbottabad compound in Pakistan . The terror plot was planned for the anniversary of the 9/11 attacks . As early as February 2010 , al Qaeda members discussed a plan to derail trains in the United States by placing obstructions on tracks over bridges and valleys , the alert said , according to one law enforcement official . No specific rail system was identified in the plans for the attacks , the official said . With bin Laden 's death , there has been a growing call among some lawmakers to immediately withdraw the 130,000 U.S. and allied troops still battling the late al Qaeda leader 's followers and his Taliban allies . Did bin Laden 's wife rush Navy SEALs ? Obama has repeatedly said he is confident the United States can meet a self-imposed deadline to begin bringing troops back home in July without compromising Afghan security , though military commanders and government officials have raised concern about the readiness of Afghan security forces . Lawmakers also have started questioning the U.S. relationship with Pakistan . During a Senate Foreign Relations committee hearing Thursday , legislators on both sides of the aisle said a new approach to Pakistan is now needed . Pakistan 's government is "  very irrational , " said Sen. Bob Corker , a Tennessee Republican . But Pakistani Foreign Secretary Salman Bashir said it is a "  false charge " to assert that Pakistani authorities did not go after bin Laden . He said his country 's intelligence agency alerted the United States about the presence of al Qaeda operatives in Abbottabad as early as 2004 . Former Pakistan intel chief : Obama lying Pakistani armed forces chiefs issued a statement Thursday admitting that there had been "  shortcomings in developing intelligence " on the terror leader 's presence in the country . The army chief of staff , Gen. Ashfaq Parvez Kayani , also "  made it very clear that any similar action , violating the sovereignty of Pakistan , will warrant a review on the level of military/intelligence cooperation with the United States , " the statement said . Pakistan has ordered U.S. military personnel on its territory drawn down to the "  minimum essential " level in the wake of the raid , the statement said . Anti-U.S. sentiment was growing in Abbottabad , where about 600 demonstrators gathered Friday at a rally , chanting "  Go America , go America , your show is over . " CNN 's Bonney Kapp , Brianna Keilar and Alan Silverleib contributed to this report .	NEW : Canine involved in operation at meeting with president Obama promises victory over al Qaeda while addressing troops at Fort Campbell Obama and Biden met members of the team that raided bin Laden 's compound Obama awards the Presidential Unit Citation to units involved in the mission
New elections will probably be held on March 17 , the speaker of Israel 's parliament said Wednesday , a day after the Prime Minister sacked two senior members of his coalition Cabinet for criticizing government policy . Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu also called for parliament to be dissolved , a step that the Knesset is now considering . Lawmakers voted unanimously to dissolve parliament in a preliminary vote Wednesday , according to the official Knesset website . A Knesset committee will now prepare a bill for further votes by lawmakers early next week . Speaker Yuli Edelstein said the party heads had agreed on March 17 as the proposed election date . The upheaval was triggered when Netanyahu ordered letters of dismissal for Finance Minister Yair Lapid and Justice Minister Tzipi Livni , two members of his Cabinet from rival parties , according to a statement from his office Tuesday . "  During the last few weeks and , in particular , the last few days , the ministers have intensely attacked the government that I am leading , " Netanyahu said . " ... I will not tolerate ministers attacking the government 's policy and its head from inside the government . " The call for new elections means Israel is effectively in a state of political paralysis until March . Israel held its last election just 22 months ago . A poll for Israel 's Channel 2 suggested that 55 % of those surveyed were against another election being held so soon . Polls give mixed picture Netanyahu will hope that the vote enables him to form a government he can work with , including right-wing and religious parties , but there is no guarantee that he will be able to form the coalition he wants . Netanyahu has been Prime Minister since 2009 . But he 's had to rely on members of other parties -- many of them to the left of Likud on the political spectrum , such as the centrist parties of Livni and Lapid -- to govern . Netanyahu is also calculating that he can win a fourth term in office . Opinion polls give a mixed picture , indicating that many people blame him for the current crisis but that at the same time , if elections were held today , his right-wing Likud party would increase its share of seats in the 120-seat Knesset . However , people feel there is a range of problems that are not being dealt with , such as a faltering economy , recent attacks against Israelis in Jerusalem and this summer 's inconclusive war against Hamas militants in Gaza . Netanyahu blasts ` putsch ' Netanyahu told reporters Tuesday that a divided government was one of Israel 's problems , saying there was a lot of debate , contradictions and ultimatums . He called out Livni for meeting with Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas against his advice and for criticizing building in Jerusalem , which some say has exacerbated tensions with Arabs there . And Netanyahu lambasted Lapid for calling Israel 's boycott of Iranian President Hassan Rouhani 's U.N. speech a mistake and challenging his push to label Israel a Jewish state , which some fear will alienate the country 's significant Arab population . He also accused the ministers of being behind talks "  to kick out the prime minister . " "  In one word , they call this a putsch , " Netanyahu said . "  You can not have a government like this . It 's impossible to govern like this . " ` Narrow political interests ' In a Facebook post Tuesday , Livni said , "  The question in the election will not be who was the first to identify the threats and use them for political means , but who will deal with the threats in a responsible , level headed manner for the good of the country . " Lapid 's centrist Yesh Atid party also fired back in a statement , in which it said Lapid told Netanyahu by phone that he expected the Prime Minister "  to act responsibly and to stop dragging the  Israeli military  and our soldiers into an election for your political needs . " Yesh Atid said that "  unnecessary elections ... will harm the economy and Israeli society , all for narrow political interests and a surrender to the ultra-orthodox parties , the powerful central committee of the Likud and outside lobby groups . "	Lawmakers approve the dissolution of parliament in a preliminary vote New elections probably will be held on March 17 , Israel 's parliament speaker says Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has called for its dissolution and new elections Netanyahu ordered the ouster of Finance Minister Yair Lapid , Justice Minister Tzipi Livni
CNN  -- People keep asking me what my dad might like for his 90th birthday on June 12 . I think I can answer that one . He 'd like to jump out of an airplane and feel that freedom one more time . He 'd like to have his family and close friends around him for a quiet celebration . He 'd like a good martini with a couple of olives . But most of all , I know he 'd like you , on the occasion of his birthday , to give to others . Volunteer service is Dad 's true north . He made it a centerpiece of his presidency , encouraging millions of people to look within to find "  your own special genius for helping others . " He gave 1,020 Daily Point of Light Awards from the White House to inspire people to volunteer and to prove that "  somewhere in America , every serious social problem is being solved through voluntary service , for therein lies the greatest national resource of all . " In the years since he left the White House , Dad joined forces with former President Bill Clinton to support victims of Hurricane Katrina and the Indian Ocean tsunami -- and the volunteers who showed up afterward to help rebuild . Opinion : What George H.W. Bush , at 90 , can teach millennials Last July , he and Mom traveled to the White House to join President Barack Obama and Michelle Obama and hundreds of others in a special ceremony to present the 5,000 th Daily Point of Light Award to an Iowa couple fighting world hunger one meal at a time . So what would he really like for his birthday ? He 'd like you to go to BeOne.PointsofLight.org and pledge to pitch in . As Dad said , "  It does n't matter who you are . Everybody 's got something to give : a job skill , a free hour , a pair of strong arms . " I hope you 'll volunteer as a way to honor my Dad -- or yours  Father 's Day is Sunday  . Or volunteer as a way to be good to yourself ; researchers say it leads to healthier , happier lives . Whatever your cause , whatever your motivation , I hope you 'll agree with me that volunteer service is an extraordinary gift . Thanks for everything and happy birthday , Dad .	His son says former President George H.W. Bush wants more than a skydive for his 90th Neil Bush : Dad wants to continue to encourage people to serve the community He says encouraging volunteer service was a hallmark of 41 's presidency Neil Bush : Volunteer as a way to honor my dad -- or yours
A full moon hung just right in the night sky as the fierce Southern Army faced the encroaching Union troops in the spring of 1863 . Though they were outmanned and outgunned , the momentum of the war seemed to be on the side of Generals Robert E. Lee and "  Stonewall " Jackson in Northern Virginia . But the tide turned in the American Civil War not long after Jackson 's own men inadvertently shot him that May night at the battle of Chancellorsville in Virginia . And for that , say two researchers , Americans can thank that full moon . It 's an intriguing concept put forth by astronomer Don Olson and researcher Laurie E. Jasinski from Texas State University in a study appearing in this month 's issue of Sky & Telescope magazine . They say that when the men of the 18th North Carolina Infantry Regiment fired upon Jackson , the whitish lunar light likely obscured the target . They did n't know it was him . In other words , they say , a moon phase is partly responsible for the molding of a nation "  dedicated to the proposition that all men are created equal , " as President Abraham Lincoln put it in the Gettysburg Address . The two reconstructed the scene of the shooting using moon phases and maps , and published the results 150 years after the incident . Moonlight or no ? History seems divided on whether or not the moon shone bright that night , the researchers say , but they back up their hypothesis with recorded anecdotal accounts . "  The Moon was shining very brightly , rendering all objects in our immediate vicinity distinct ... , " one confederate captain wrote years later . "  The Moon poured a flood of light upon the wide , open turnpike . " Jackson rode out with a party of officers on a scouting mission to see if the Confederate Army could find a way to cut off Union Army troops , according to the National Park Service , which cares for the nation 's Civil War battlegrounds . They were shot as they returned . Olson and Jasinski say that a Confederate officer spotted them in the moonlight and ordered his men to open fire . Jackson was wounded in his left arm , which had to be amputated , according to the Virginia Military Institute , where Jackson taught . He died from complications on May 10 , 1863 . His arm was buried separate from the rest of his body . The South went on to win the Battle of Chancellorsville , but without Jackson , took a decisive blow in July 1863 at the bloody Battle of Gettysburg , often thought of as the turning point of the war . Back lighting If Jackson 's reconnaissance party was riding in bright moonlight , then his own men should have recognized them as they returned from the Union 's side , but Olson and Jasinski say they did not -- for good reason . "  The 18th North Carolina was looking to the southeast , directly toward the rising moon , " they said . It stood at "  25 degrees above the horizon " at the time , just at the wrong angle . "  The bright moon would 've silhouetted Jackson and his officers , completely obscuring their identities . " The Confederate infantrymen likely thought their own men returning were Union cavalrymen on the approach . "  Our astronomical analysis partially absolves the 18th North Carolina from blame for the wounding of Jackson , " Olson says . It comes too late for the man who gave the order to fire . Maj. John D. Barry died at age 27 -- just two years after the end of the war . "  His family believed his death was a result of the depression and guilt he suffered as a consequence of having given the order to fire , " the Virginia Military Institute site says . Stonewall Jackson may have appreciated the Texas State researchers ' hypothesis , not only because it would have alleviated the conscience of the men who took his life . Before joining the Confederate Army , he was a science professor .	General Stonewall Jackson was shot at the battle of Chancellorsville The angle of the moonlight proved fateful on May 2 , 1863 , an astronomer says It obscured the view of his own men , researchers say Confederate infantrymen mistook him for the enemy and opened fire
CNN  -- Chad Madden 's hospital room is dimly lit . His mom and dad , Jacqueline and Bill , fuss around their 38-year-old son , rearranging cards from well-wishers , before taking a seat . Chad , draped in crisp white blankets , lies in a large mechanical bed with his torso elevated . His hands are flat and wide and lie still at his sides . Chad is paralyzed from the neck down . He came to Atlanta 's Shepherd Center in April after a skydiving accident . The former Navy seaman did two tours in the Persian Gulf in the early '90s , and after completing college , returned in a civilian capacity . Chad was in California on business when the accident happened . "  We were n't home to receive the call . Our family found out first , " Jacqueline , 65 , recalls . When her brother-in-law relayed the news , "  I wrote everything down , " she says . "  He 'd broken his neck . Then I took a deep breath . " Colorado fire victim films her own evacuation A competitive skydiver , Chad decided to extend his trip by a day to receive some coaching . It was 3:30 p.m. on March 9 , the last jump of the day . Chad was working on speed and accuracy , two of the three factors on which skydivers are judged in competition . He does n't remember much but can explain what happened . "  I hit the ground , landed on my feet , fell onto my knees and then my face , and broke my C2 , " he says , referring to the vertebra at the nape of his neck . The nerves were severed , and he was left a quadriplegic , confined to his bed and completely dependent on the help of others . He details the accident so matter-of-factly you would n't be blamed for thinking he was telling someone else 's story , not that of a man who describes himself as "  very adventurous , the guy who does n't watch TV , the guy who stays on the go . " When Bill and Jacqueline arrived from Mountain Home , Idaho , to the hospital Chad had been taken to , they were n't sure what to expect . "  We did n't know if he was dead or alive , " Jacqueline remembers . The doctors said Chad had n't been responding to them . Bill asked , "  What does he need to do to prove he 's responsive ? " He needs to open his eyes , the doctors replied . Bill , 71 , looked at his son and said , "  Chad , open your eyes . " And he did ; just like that . It was as if no one had thought to ask him . Chad 's contact lenses were still in his eyes , his dad remembered . Chad had heard about the Shepherd Center after a fellow skydiver broke his back last year . Shepherd is ranked one of America 's best rehabilitation hospitals by U.S News and World Report , and it specializes in spinal cord injuries . "  There was no second choice , " he says . The center provides each patient with a private room and on-site housing for family . Each day Chad is tended to by a team of medical professionals , including an occupational therapist and a physical therapist . Most patients in the spinal cord center have survived an accident that , statistically , should have killed them . Here , they get a second chance . For Chad , that notion is n't always enough to lift his spirits . When asked how he deals with his situation , the tough guy responds without shame : "  A lot of tears . " Luckily , he 's got what he calls the best family in the world . While his two brothers , sister and parents are separated by hundreds of miles , they 're noticeably close . Help for wildfire evacuees and first responders On June 18 , the Maddens received a second life-changing phone call . A friend from Idaho had devastating news : The Maddens ' home of more than 35 years had been torched in a wildfire . The Maddens had lived in their house , 40 miles southeast of Boise , since 1976 . A friend was looking after the home and their pets while the couple tended to Chad in Atlanta . The friend managed to escape with the family dog and cat . The tragedy was , however , potentially a blessing . Had the Maddens not been in Atlanta , they could have died . Bill has a lung condition that impedes his mobility , making the prospect of being trapped in a smoke-filled home all the more frightening . Chad says that no matter the danger , his mother would never have left his father 's side . "  We would be severely burned or dead , " Jacqueline said . Even amid the devastation , the Maddens are n't big on wallowing . "  It 's hard to know that our stuff is gone , but it 's just stuff . Life is from today forward . We 're still busy . We still have a life to take care of , " Jacqueline says . Still , Bill speaks of the photographs they 've lost and his war papers that burned . They had cash and important documents stored in a safe that were reduced to ash . Despite the loss , Bill and Jacqueline rely on their faith to get them through . "  God has amazed me at how much we can handle , " Jacqueline says with a grin on her face . "  My faith and the Lord just hold me up . I have all the things that I want . " Jill Kellner , Chad 's occupational therapist , noticed a change in her patient following the fire , one for the better . "  The fire was a turning point in a positive direction . -LSB- Chad -RSB- found a sense of purpose again because he needs to be a support system for them , " Kellner said . "  He was quick to find a silver lining . " Kellner works not only to make sure Chad 's muscles stay active , but also to prepare him for life after Shepherd . Chad uses a motorized wheelchair that he operates by blowing into a straw . Therapists upped the chair 's speed limit after Chad 's recent progress , and he zooms off down the hall toward the therapy room , almost taking a tray on wheels with him . Chad 's face is full of determination . "  It 's more of an education facility than a health care facility , " he says . It 's in therapy that Chad 's personality really comes out . His voice softens and his grey-blue eyes shine as he jokes around with Kellner . Knowing that Adele is not her favorite music to listen to at work , Chad says he 'd pick an all-Adele playlist for the therapy room if he had the chance . He then glances over to see if she 's noticed his cheekiness . He 's more serious when he talks about the Idaho wildfire and the tragedy that could have been . Kellner realizes how much Chad 's parents mean to his progress â $ " physically and mentally . The Maddens ' presence in Atlanta may have saved more than their own lives , she said : "  It 's a blessing that they were here because it probably saved his life . " Before the fire took their home , Bill and Jacqueline had decided to move to Maryland , where Chad lives , to take care of him . "  We 're with him until he kicks us out , " Jacqueline says . Chad will spend some time at the VA center in Richmond , Virginia , receiving additional care , before he moves back home . His house will also have to be renovated to accommodate his wheelchair and new lifestyle . As for skydiving again , Chad is already trying to schedule his next jump . While most mothers would find this frightening , Jacqueline  who jumped with Chad last year  knows how much it means to him . "  I 've always supported it because it 's his passion . There are huge risks stepping off the curb . You ca n't wrap yourself in cotton . " iReporters share their harrowing views of the wildfires	Chad Madden was paralyzed from the neck down in a March skydiving accident Madden 's parents were in Atlanta caring for him when their Idaho home burned down Jacqueline and Bill Madden suspect they would n't have escaped the fire The Maddens rely on their faith to guide them through their recent hardships
Washington  CNN  -- President Barack Obama said Tuesday that he invited Democratic and Republican leaders from both chambers of Congress to the White House for a meeting Thursday to discuss deficit reduction and the need to raise the federal debt ceiling . Obama said he wanted the meeting to "  build on the work that 's already been done and drive toward a final agreement " that would address expanding federal deficits and bring congressional approval for increasing how much money the government can borrow . Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell , who earlier invited Obama to come to Congress to discuss the issue , will attend the White House meeting , his office announced . Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid also plans to attend , and House Speaker John Boehner indicated that he will take part but warned that Congress will not accept tax increases sought by Obama and Democrats . "  I 'm happy to discuss these issues at the White House , but such discussions will be fruitless until the president recognizes economic and legislative reality , " Boehner , R-Ohio , said in a statement . He added , "  I 'm pleased the president stated today that we need to address the big , long-term challenges facing our country . " According to Obama , who made an unscheduled appearance in the White House briefing room , talks on deficit reduction over the Fourth of July weekend with congressional leaders from both parties made progress , but "  we still have to work through some real differences . " Both parties need to come out of their "  comfort zone , " Obama said . But "  this should not come down to the last second . " White House spokesman Jay Carney later said Obama believes that everyone knows the issues involved in forging a comprehensive agreement to reduce federal deficits by as much as $ 4 trillion in the coming decade . Now it is time make hard decisions , with both sides compromising in order to reach an agreement that benefits the nation as a whole , Carney said . "  The ideal will never become law , whether you 're a conservative House Republican or a liberal Democrat or the president of the United States , " Carney said . "  You 're never going to get everything you want , because our system does n't work like that . " The Senate returned to work Tuesday , cutting short the planned weeklong Fourth of July recess , with its leaders resuming their tough talk on negotiations to cut federal deficits amid a looming deadline to raise the government 's debt ceiling . The three-day Fourth of July weekend did little to change the rhetoric of recent weeks over deficit reduction talks and the need for Congress to increase the amount of money the government can borrow . In his opening remarks after the Senate reconvened , Reid , D-Nevada , accused Republicans of putting the nation 's economic recovery at risk by threatening to oppose an increase in how much money the government can borrow . McConnell , R-Kentucky , followed Reid by accusing Democrats of wanting to increase spending to solve a deficit problem . Before Obama 's invitation , McConnell repeated an invitation for Obama to come to Congress and hear from Republicans why they wo n't support any agreement that includes tax increases . Reid said his side was willing to compromise but would not allow Republicans to put the needs of "  a few millionaires and billionaires " ahead of the rest of the country . With House members scheduled to return Wednesday , congressional leaders remain at sharp odds over what sort of conditions should be attached to a hike in the current $ 14.3 trillion ceiling . Republicans are refusing to go along with any increase unless it includes deep spending cuts and avoids any tax increases . Democrats are trying to minimize the impact of cuts to social services and are calling for the elimination to certain tax breaks and loopholes benefiting wealthier Americans . Treasury Department officials and leading economists have warned of potentially catastrophic consequences if the ceiling is not raised by August 2 , at which point the country could default on its debt obligations . Among other things , the country could face skyrocketing interest rates and a plummeting dollar . Increasing the debt ceiling will allow the government to borrow more money in order to pay for spending already accrued . Given the short time frame , Congress and the White House may be forced to agree to a relatively small increase in the debt ceiling covering only a few months . Such a compromise -- including cuts already agreed to on both sides of the aisle -- would give leaders more time to negotiate serious budget reforms , including possible changes to popular entitlement programs such as Medicare and Medicaid . However , Obama said he 's opposed to a short-term increase in the debt ceiling . "  I do n't think the American people sent us here to avoid tough problems , " Obama said . The debt ceiling dispute is a " ` unique opportunity to do something big " and put the "  economy on a stronger footing for the future . " Over the weekend , top Democrats and Republicans gave no public indication that a potential compromise is in the offing . Talks led by Vice President Joe Biden recently collapsed over the tax dispute . "  The principle of not raising taxes is something that we campaigned on last November , and the results of the election was the American people do n't want their taxes raised and they wanted us to cut spending , " Sen. John McCain , R-Arizona , said Sunday on CNN 's "  State of the Union . " "  They do n't want compromise . " Various frameworks for a possible deal have been floated . Conservatives demand deep spending cuts , caps on future spending and a balanced budget amendment to the U.S. Constitution in return for their support to raise the debt ceiling . Both the House and Senate are planning votes on a balanced budget amendment in coming weeks . However , with such an amendment requiring approval from a two-thirds majority in both chambers and then ratification by at least 38 states , eventual approval is unclear in a process that can take years . For his part , Obama has chided congressional Republicans for refusing to make "  tough decisions " at odds with their conservative base . He calls for what he characterizes as a balanced approach to deficit reduction that includes more revenue for education , infrastructure and clean energy , areas he considers critical to long-term economic growth . The Democratic position includes spending cuts elsewhere , including the military , as well as reforms to popular entitlement programs such as Medicare and Medicaid , the government-run health care programs for senior citizens , the disabled and the indigent . Republicans seek more sweeping entitlement reforms that Democrats contend would eliminate the safety net the programs were intended to provide . CNN 's Tom Cohen , Alan Silverleib , Kate Bolduan and Ted Barrett contributed to this report . Watch State of the Union with Candy Crowley Sundays at 9am ET . For the latest from State of the Union click here .	NEW : House Speaker Boehner reiterates opposition to tax increases NEW : White House spokesman says neither side will get everything they want Senate leaders renew tough talk as the chamber reconvenes Officials warn debt ceiling must be increased by August 2 to avoid risk of default
CNN  -- Oh , Rickrolling . Even on Vine , Twitter 's app that lets users shoot and share six-second videos , the Web is never gon na give you up . A Cleveland teen-ager hacked Vine on Monday , flouting the app 's strict time limit and uploading all 3 minutes , 33 seconds of "  Never Gon na Give You Up , " the '80s pop hit turned bait-and-switch Internet meme . "  I think I broke Vine , " 16-year-old Will Smidlein tweeted Monday night . In his Twitter bio , Smidlein lists himself as a Web developer . Based on his ability to share the joys of Rick Astley with Vine 's 13 million users , it 's an apt description . Vine became available for Google 's Android operating system on Monday . Smidlein , who had experience developing for Android , translated the app 's code into a readable format , then tinkered with parts of the program that lets users upload posts . In an interview with tech-news site The Verge , Smidlein declined to say exactly how he bypassed the 6-second video limit and said he never meant for his prank to go public . "  Honestly , it was just for my friends and the people who follow me on Twitter and Vine , " he said . Smidlein said he was quickly messaged by a Twitter engineer who asked him to take the video down . He did , but by then its viral run had begun . "  Sorry , Twitter/Vine engineers , " he wrote . "  I tried to keep it quiet , but the internet never forgets . " Twitter did not immediately reply to a message seeking comment for this story . Smidlein has said he 'll write more about what he did once the exploit is patched . He apologized on the site several times to "  the engineers whose day I ruined with my stupid messing around . " But it sounds like he was being harder on himself than anyone else . "  Vine , you 're a bunch of bullies , " one reader posted on a Mashable article . "  Your coding was weak and got exploited -- and you are n't thanking this kid for discovering that for you ?? Kid , do n't apologize . It 's their job . They should be paying you . " Another agreed . "  What do I think ? " she wrote . "  I think Vine should hire him . " Rickrolling started in 2007 as an in-joke on the anything-goes pages of 4chan and became an Internet phenomenon . Usually , a user will post a provocative looking link  Web lore says the first was supposedly a preview of the much-anticipated "  Grand Theft Auto IV " video game  that instead -- surprise ! -- takes Web surfers to Astley 's blue-eyed soul hit . It has since reached unprecedented heights for Web memes . Astley 's video has received 64 million views on his official channel and another 68 million on a version titled "  Rickroll 'd " that was uploaded in 2007 . It was briefly the destination of every single YouTube video during a 2008 April Fool 's joke by Google and became an April 1 gag once again thanks to a bipartisan 2011 effort in the Oregon legislature .	16-year-old developer "  Rickrolls " Twitter 's Vine app Teen posted three-and-a-half-minute video to site that allows only 6-second clips He removed the video at Twitter 's request , but the Web already took notice Rickrolling is a bait-and-switch joke spawned in 2007 on 4chan
CNN  -- A Malaysian politician who drew gasps by evoking Hitler in a congratulatory tweet to the German World Cup team has apologized , in his own inimitable style . "  When Germany whacked Brazil , I unintentionally said something that hurt d feeling of d ppl in Germany.MY SINCEREST APPOLOGY.LONG LIVE BUNG . " A member of the United Malays National Organization , Bung Moktar Radin posted his initial tweet on Tuesday after Germany knocked Brazil out of the World Cup with an impressive 7-1 win . "  WELL DONE . . BRAVO ... LONG LIVE HITLER ... " , he tweeted to around 20,000 followers . Predictably , a flurry of tweets followed , with many questioning Bung 's sanity and how he came to be in politics . To his credit , the MP responded , but perhaps not in a way some might have wished . To @shaike49 's contention that he was a "  low class crazy MP , " the politician wrote : "  u can get lost ... and enjoy with the loser . " To @layzebone 's direct statement : "  You 're an idiot ... educate yourself , " the MP said : "  say its to ur self . " By Thursday , Bung 's online antics had caught the attention of the Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak who tweeted to his two million followers : "  The comments made by Datuk Bung Moktar are unacceptable and wrong , and he will withdraw them . " He added :  Bung  "  does not speak for Malaysia , or for ordinary Malaysians , who understand Europe 's tragic past , and respect its modern unity . " "  This should be a time of celebration for Germany , and we wish them all the best in the final . " One might think after causing an online furore over a six-word post , the politician might take a break from Twitter . Not Bung . Within one hour of posting his apology , he responded to a user who said : "  Try saying this in europe , and see how fast u get gun down , " with "  im worried they might gun down u first . " On Wednesday , Bung defended his Hitler reference , telling Malaysia 's Star Online : "  I do n't know what 's wrong with people sometimes . " "  Hitler is part of history and the German team fought like how he did . " After initially condemning the comments as "  an unacceptable allusion to the fascist regime of Adolf Hitler , " the German Ambassador to Malaysia has now put the episode behind him . "  With MP Bung Moktar 's apology , I consider this matter closed , " Holger Michael said in a statement . "  Let us now look forward to two more thrilling and exciting games . " It remains illegal in Germany to glorify Hitler or the Nazi Party , or to display symbols of the regime including flags , uniforms and slogans . Earlier on Thursday , the Malaysian Chinese Association also demanded an apology from the MP . In a statement on its website , the group 's religious harmony bureau chairman Datuk Ti Lian Ker said he was "  ashamed and appalled " by the tweet . "  From insulting women to disabled people , Kinabatangan MP Datuk Bung Mokhtar is no stranger to controversy , but now his zero common sense in attributing Germany 's win to Hitler will make Malaysia the centre of a negative attention once again . "	Malaysian MP apologizes for mentioning Hitler in World Cup tweet Tweet drew incredulous responses , to which the politician replied Malaysian prime minister said the minister did n't speak for the Malay people German ambassador to Malaysia said the comparison was "  unacceptable "
CNN  -- A South Carolina woman battling a rare flesh-eating bacteria infection has been upgraded to fair condition and is tentatively scheduled for skin-grafting surgery , her family said Thursday . Lana Kuykendall has been in Greenville Memorial Hospital since she was admitted on May 11 , four days after giving birth to twins , Ian and Abigail , in Atlanta . "  She has improved tremendously over the last week , " said her husband , Darren Kuykendall . "  Although she is still in ICU , we believe she is on the road to recovery . " WYFF : New mom with flesh-eating bacteria sees twins The constant IV drips of sedative and pain medicine have stopped and she is receiving them only as needed , Kuykendall said . "  She looks more and more like herself . " She has undergone almost 20 surgical procedures to treat and contain the spread of the necrotizing fasciitis , according to a statement from the hospital . Advocate : Story of rare bacterial infection raising awareness "  The treatment required aggressive surgical intervention , but not amputations , " the statement said . "  In addition to surgeries , she also underwent extensive hyperbaric oxygen therapy . " The recovery process will be slow , according to the hospital 's epidemiologist . However , "  We believe she has turned the corner , " Dr. Bill Kelly said . Kuykendall has had "  longer periods of alertness and tries to respond to the people in the room and the conversations going on around her " over the last few days , the statement said . "  She is able to communicate by blinking her eyes , raising her eyebrows , pointing and mouthing words . " The 1-month-old twins , a boy and a girl , visited their mother for the first time at the hospital on Wednesday , the statement said . They are being cared for by relatives . Georgia flesh-eating bacteria victim speaks , jokes , father says "  Lana grinned from ear to ear when she was holding them , " her husband said . Kuykendall , a paramedic , went to the hospital after noticing a rapidly expanding bruise on her leg , her husband , a firefighter , said last month . She was diagnosed then with necrotizing fasciitis , according the hospital . A number of bacteria , which are common in the environment but rarely cause serious infections , can lead to the disease . When it gets into the bloodstream -- such as through a cut -- doctors typically move aggressively to excise even healthy tissue near the infection site in hopes of ensuring none of the dangerous bacteria remains . iReport : Surviving a flesh-eating disease The disease attacks and destroys healthy tissue and is fatal about 20 % of the time , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . Dr. William Schaffner , chairman of the Department of Preventive Medicine at the Vanderbilt University Medical Center , estimated that fewer than 250 such cases occur each year in the United States , though estimates are imprecise because doctors do not have to report the cases to health authorities . CNN 's Jennifer Bixler contributed to this report .	Lana Kuykendall has had a rare flesh-eating bacteria since May 11 "  She has improved tremendously over the last week , " her husband says Kuykendall has had almost 20 surgical procedures to treat the necrotizing fasciitis She gave birth to twins four days before being diagnosed and hospitaliized
Jerusalem  CNN  -- As a deadline neared , Israel handed the United Nations Friday a report justifying its actions during last year 's Gaza campaign and rebutting the so-called "  Goldstone Report " as biased . At a tree-planting ceremony southern Israel Friday , Israeli Defense Minister Ehud Barak said , "  This report stresses that the IDF  Israel Defense Forces  is like no other army , both from a moral standpoint as well as from a professional standpoint . "  The Goldstone Report is a distorted , false , and irresponsible report , " Barak said . "  All of the soldiers and officers whom we sent to battle need to know that the state of Israel stands behind them even on the day after . " "  The Gaza Operation Investigations : An Update " -- a follow-up of a July paper on the Gaza mission -- is in response to the United Nations ' call for both the Jewish state and the Palestinian Hamas movement to conduct independent inquiries to examine charges that both sides committed war crimes during the course of the Gaza war fought just over a year ago . Israel 's 46-page response outlines the steps the nation has taken to investigate charges of wrongdoing by its military during the course of its three-week offensive -- dubbed Operation Cast Lead -- in Gaza aimed at stopping militant rocket fire into Israel . Israel says it faced "  asymmetric conflicts " and blamed "  militants operating from within and behind civilian areas " for placing civilians at risk . The Israeli military has "  launched investigations into 150 separate incidents , including 36 criminal investigations opened thus far , " according to the report . "  Israel is committed to ensuring that every such incident is fully and fairly investigated , to ensure that lessons can be learned and that , if justified , criminal or disciplinary proceedings initiated , " the report stated . "  To this end the IDF policy requires that every allegation of wrongdoing be investigated , irrespective of its source . " The report does not mention whether Israel will conduct an independent , non-military investigation of the charges of war crimes and possible crimes against humanity leveled in the Goldstone Report . Released in September , the 575-page report written by a commission chaired by South African Judge Richard Goldstone alleged that both Hamas and Israel committed war crimes and may have also committed crimes against humanity during the course of fighting that killed some 1,400 Palestinians and 13 Israelis . The majority of criticism in the report was reserved for Israel which has waged an aggressive international public relations campaign to discredit the probe 's findings . With the publication of the report , the United Nations asked both Israel and Hamas to initiate independent investigations into the the various allegations and report back before February 5 when the General Assembly will be taking up the report and its recommendations . Among those recommendations were the call for the report 's findings to be passed on to the International Criminal Court if both sides did not start legitimate investigations into war crimes . In Israel , the military has conducted investigations into possible wrong-doing itself which has raised criticism from human rights groups and some Israeli lawmakers that a more credible investigation is needed . Israel 's outgoing attorney-general Menachem Mazuz told the Haaretz newspaper Friday "  Israel has a clear interest in conducting a serious , expert examination that will deal with the  Goldstone  report and produce an opposing report . " In Gaza , the ruling Hamas movement this week released a 20-page summary of the steps it has taken to investigate wrong-doing , contending it had prevented militants from rocketing Israeli civilians and that any examples to the contrary were a result of mistaken fire . It was a claim quickly dismissed by the by human rights organizations and the Israeli government . "  Hamas can spin the story and deny the evidence , but hundreds of rockets rained down on civilian areas in Israel where no military installations were located , " Joe Stork , deputy Middle East director at Human Rights Watch said in a statement . "  Hamas leaders at the time indicated they were intending to harm civilians . "	Israeli report justifies military actions in 2009 Gaza offensive U.N. report accused Israel and Hamas of "  actions amounting to war crimes " U.N. called for both sides to set up independent panels to look into charges
CNN  -- Ray Rice , the embattled Baltimore Ravens running back , told Matt Lauer in an interview on the "  Today " show that "  the only thing I can hope for and wish for is a second chance . " Rice was captured on film delivering a knock-out punch to his fiancee , now wife , in an Atlantic City hotel elevator . I do n't think he should get that second chance he is asking for . Domestic violence is an outright attack against women -- individually and as a gender . While I know from 30 years of experience as a criminal defense attorney that domestic violence is not limited to female victims , the overwhelming percentage of domestic violence events are men using their physical strength to overpower women . It is an insidious assault upon our mothers , sisters , girlfriends and wives . As a society , we tolerate far too much of this type of abuse . We can not tolerate it any longer , especially from celebrated public figures . They may not all deserve it , but celebrities are idolized in this country . From Hollywood actors to sports heroes and recording artists , we have created an extraordinarily special class amongst us . Great benefit and great advantage comes with such celebrity , and whether they like it or not , great responsibility comes as well . Sometimes , celebrities fail to live up to their responsibilities . Rather than forgiving the dalliances and sins of those whom we have made demigods , we owe it to our children  the ones who are looking up to these demigods  to hold their heroes ' feet to the fire and send a clear message . If we are going to pay somebody tens of millions of dollars to make movies , play sports or perform on stage , then we should also let them know that the privilege we have granted can be easily revoked if they fail to act responsibly . NFL brass admits ` crucial mistake ' in punishment of Rice Rice made himself a celebrity when he accepted a $ 35 million dollar contract with an NFL football team . When he punched his fiancee in the face and dragged her unconscious body out of a hotel elevator , he violated a public trust , and he should n't be allowed to play football for the NFL anymore . Admittedly , this zero tolerance policy argument flies in the face of the mitigation that I always argue on behalf of my criminal clients , but most criminal clients are not role models to millions of fans . Just like Donald Sterling , who was stripped of his ownership of the LA Clippers for making racist remarks , Rice should learn that if you 're going to bear the fruit , then you must also bear the burden . When we tell domestic abusers such as Ray Rice , in such a public way , that it 's OK to knock out your wife and drag her out of an elevator , then we are telling everyone it 's OK . We 're telling the young boys and teenagers who wear Rice jerseys that hitting women is OK . Well , it 's not OK .	Mark O'Mara : Ray Rice wants a second chance after video showed him punching fiancee O'Mara : He does n't deserve one ; Domestic violence is attack on all women , ca n't be tolerated He says with celebrity comes responsibility ; kids must learn heroes do n't get a slide
CNN  -- J.D. Salinger , the famously reclusive author whose 1951 novel , "  The Catcher in the Rye , " became a touchstone for generations of readers , has died . He was 91 . The author died Wednesday of natural causes at his home in New Hampshire , according to a family statement that his literary agent , Phyllis Westberg , provided Thursday . "  Despite having broken his hip in May , his health had been excellent until a rather sudden decline after the new year , " the statement said . "  He was not in any pain before or at the time of his death . " Salinger has long been known for his reclusiveness , and "  in keeping with his life long , uncompromising desire to protect and defend his privacy there will be no service , " the statement said . "  The family asks that people 's respect for him , his work , and his privacy be extended to them , individually and collectively , during this time . " Though he wrote more than 30 short stories and a handful of novellas -- many published in The New Yorker and collected in works such as "  Nine Stories " and "  Seymour : An Introduction " -- Salinger 's fame rests on "  Catcher , " his only novel . The book is narrated by a teenage boy , Holden Caulfield , who is expelled from a private school , Pencey Prep , in Pennsylvania , and spends the next three days wandering around New York . Caulfield is mistrustful of authority , railing against corrupt adults and "  phonies , " and plans to decamp for the west . iReport : Tell us what ` Catcher ' meant to you "  An unusually brilliant first novel , " The New York Times called it , one of many raves . Though intended for adult readers , the book touched a nerve among teenagers attracted by Caulfield 's nonconformist attitudes and has remained a best-seller since its release . It has gone through dozens of printings in its simple mass-market paperback edition , clad in a simple maroon cover adorned with the title and author 's name on the front and back . It 's also been a lightning rod for controversy . Schools have banned it -- troubled by Caulfield 's language and attitude as well as his adventures with a prostitute -- and some readers have been obsessed by it , most infamously Mark David Chapman , who murdered John Lennon in 1980 . In 2009 , Salinger -- always protective of his work -- sued to stop the publication , sale and advertisement of "  60 Years Later : Coming Through the Rye , " a novel written by an author calling himself J.D. California . Jerome David Salinger was born January 1 , 1919 , in New York City , the son of Sol -- a wealthy meat importer -- and Miriam Salinger . He attended Valley Forge Military Academy in Pennsylvania and spent time at three colleges . He published his first stories in the early 1940s . In 1942 , he joined the U.S. Army . He fought in the D-Day invasion at Normandy as well as the Battle of the Bulge , but suffered a nervous breakdown and checked himself into an Army hospital in Germany in 1945 . In December of that year , "  I 'm Crazy , " the first story featuring Caulfield , was published in Collier 's . In 1947 , his short story "  A Perfect Day for Bananafish , " featuring the troubled Seymour Glass , was published in The New Yorker . The Glass family , a group of bright siblings who agonized over their lives , would become the subject of many subsequent stories , all of which were published in The New Yorker and later collected in "  Nine Stories , " "  Franny and Zooey " and "  Raise High the Roof Beam , Carpenters and Seymour : An Introduction . " His last published story , "  Hapworth 16 , 1924 , " appeared in 1965 . In his later life , Salinger became as well-known for his desire for privacy as his work , and when that privacy was shattered , he would sometimes lash out with lawsuits . A 1987 biography by Ian Hamilton was blocked by a U.S. appellate court ; it eventually appeared , in heavily revised form , as "  In Search of J.D. Salinger . " Salinger also sued a writer , Stephen Kunes , for impersonating him . He had a nine-month affair with the 18-year-old Joyce Maynard in the early '70s ; she later wrote about it in a memoir and auctioned off his letters .  The buyer , Peter Norton , said he would return the letters to Salinger . Salinger 's daughter , Margaret , wrote a memoir , "  Dream Catcher , " which was published in 2000 . Neither Maynard 's nor Margaret Salinger 's books were positive , describing the author as controlling and having a host of unusual habits , including drinking his own urine . Throughout it all , Salinger remained determinedly reserved . He gave interviews sparingly , the last one in 1981 to The  Baton Rouge , Louisiana  Advocate . Occasionally he would release terse statements about his work . Thursday 's statement from Salinger 's literary agent acknowledged the writer 's isolation . "  Salinger had remarked that he was in this world but not of it . His body is gone but the family hopes that he is still with those he loves , whether they are religious or historical figures , personal friends or fictional characters , " the statement said . "  He will be missed by the few he was close to every bit as much as by the readers who loved reading him . " Salinger was married three times , most recently to Colleen O'Neil , who survives him . He had two children , Matthew and Margaret , with his second wife , Claire Douglas , whom he divorced in 1967 .	Reclusive author dies Wednesday at New Hampshire home There will be no service , family says in statement "  Salinger had remarked that he was in this world but not of it , " statement says
Peach County , Georgia  CNN  -- The strange , twisted metal Erector Set-looking apparatus is known in farming circles as a pivot . It might also be called a life-saver or , at the very least , a farm-saver . Because if you 're a farmer and you have a pivot -- a farming word for irrigation system -- then you 're probably not feeling the effects of the drought that is now plaguing more than 60 % of the U.S. "  We 've put in a lot of pivots in the last five years for people that never did have it before , " said Elton Sharp of Sharp Irrigation Systems in Georgia . "  It hurts us to see their crops burning up because we know that they 're losing money . " Sharp says his irrigation business has doubled in the past two years . The summer is supposed to be his slower season , but not recently . Typically , he says , the summer season is busy with repairs , but the past couple of years , his company is doing more installations in places like a soybean field in Marshallville , Georgia . His business is booming . "  We 're not normally still behind putting up pivots . We 're still putting them in for this year 's crop , " he said . No drought aid for farmers as Congress breaks for summer More than half of all U.S. counties have been designated disaster zones , the Department of Agriculture reported , blaming excessive heat and a devastating drought that 's spread across the Corn Belt and contributed to rising food prices . According to the agency , only 27 % of U.S. farmland has irrigation systems . They 're expensive , running well over $ 100,000 , depending on the size of the field that needs watering . But it appears to be a necessary investment for farmers struggling to deal with harsh heat and little rain . Betting on the gift of rain from Mother Nature is a lot like rolling the dice . "  Once a crop is growing , during each week , it has specific water requirements , " said Jim Reid of Reid Brothers Irrigation . "  If those water requirements are not met that week , then the yield is diminished . " Little hope for worsening drought in U.S. Plains Reid 's crews are working six days a week , almost 12 hours a day , to install and repair watering systems for farmers . On this day , he and his crew are working on a cotton field , connecting a new well to irrigation pivots on the other end of a cotton field . The farm 's surface water is drying up , so Ron Everidge needed a well drilled to help guarantee a return for his money on his cotton . "  It 's a debt to me , but it 's a benefit to me to have a commodity to sell , " he said . "  This is my insurance . " Nearby , at Lane Southern Orchards in Fort Valley , peaches are nearing the end of their harvest -- and what growers say has been a great year . They 're getting paid almost 50 % more for their fruit this year . "  These peaches are really full of sugar 'cause of the lack of rain , the lack of water , " orchard owner Duke Lane said . "  You can taste the difference . " But even these peaches could n't count on rain . Lane 's orchard has irrigation on about 70 % of its land . "  Everybody is realizing that water enables us to have a better number at the end of the season , " Lane said . The drought , they say , has resulted in a smaller , sweeter peach that will allow Georgia to live up to its nickname as the Peach State . Too much water and rain can hurt the fruit , because it promotes rot . This year , there was little worry about that . Complete coverage : U.S. drought	Nearly half of the continental U.S. is experiencing severe drought More than half of U.S. counties are designated disaster zones Irrigation systems are benefiting from the extreme drought Jim Reid : "  It 's a debt to me , but it 's a benefit to me to have a commodity to sell "
CNN  -- Two men were in custody and a third was still on the run Friday after the shooting of two police officers in Indiana sparked a manhunt across the Ohio River into Kentucky , authorities said . One of the injured officers is taken out of an ambulance and rushed into the University of Louisville Hospital . Vincent Windell , 22 , and another man whose name was not released were in custody in connection with Thursday 's shooting , Jeffersonville , Indiana , Chief Detective Charlie Thompson told CNN . A third suspect , Robert Dattilo , 37 , fled into Kentucky , where Louisville police were pursuing him , according to Louisville Metro Police spokeswoman Alicia Smiley . The incident began Thursday when Jeffersonville Police Cpl. Dan Lawhorn , 39 , and Patrolman Keith Broady , 32 , responded to a call from a Motel 6 employee about possible drug activity , Thompson said . The two were apparently ambushed when they arrived , Indiana State Police told the Louisville Courier-Journal . Lawhorn , an 11-year veteran , was shot in the leg , and Broady , a 4-year veteran , was shot in the upper body , Thompson said . The two officers returned fire , but it was n't clear whether the suspects were hit . Lawhorn and Broady were able to reach their patrol cars and call for help after the shooting . They were rushed to the University of Louisville Hospital for surgery and are both listed in serious but stable condition , hospital spokesman David McArthur told CNN .	Vincent Windell , 22 , and another man in custody for Thursday 's shooting Third suspect , identified as Robert Dattilo , 37 , fled into Kentucky , still on run Police say incident started when cops were ambushed responding to drug call Both officers who were shot are listed in serious but stable condition
CNN  -- Thousands of Opel workers went on strike in Germany on Thursday in protest at the decision by U.S. parent General Motors to abandon the sale of the automaker . GM shocked German public officials when it announced earlier this week its decision to keep its European Opel and Vauxhall units and cancel a planned sale to Canadian firm Magna . If Magna had bought GM 's European operations thousands would have lost their jobs in Spain and at Vauxhall plants in Britain . After the announcement there were celebrations in Britain but fury in Germany , where thousands of workers fear they will face the axe . "  We want Opel to continue to exist , " Hesse state Premier Roland Koch -- one of the biggest lobbyists for a sale to Magna and its Russian partner Sberbank -- told rallying workers at Opel headquarters in Ruesselsheim on Thursday , according to Reuters.com . "  We will have to fight again with the goal of saving jobs . " GM announced a restructuring plan for Opel that would include cuts of as many as 10,000 jobs at the European subsidiary . About half of Opel 's 50,000 workers are based in Germany . The U.S. car giant confirmed in a statement to CNN that its revised viability plan for Opel "  will likely include cuts in that range . " Jürgen Rüttgers , premier of North Rhine-Westphalia state , where GM proposes closing a factory , told the Financial Times : "  General Motors ' behaviour shows the ugly face of turbo-capitalism . That is completely unacceptable . " German Opel workers reject GM 's restructuring plan for the company , which they believe will see a drain of vehicle development from Germany to the United States , Lorenz said . Employees in Germany are not only unwilling to accept pay cuts moving forward , but they will also demand to be paid for concessions they have made , like giving up a scheduled pay rise in May , their 2008 Christmas bonus , and vacation pay for 2009 , Lorenz said . GM promised to work with all the European labor unions on a plan for Opel 's restructuring . The GM board of directors said an improving business environment over the past few months and the importance of Opel and its British brand , Vauxhall , to GM 's global strategy were reasons to retain Opel . The board said it would begin restructuring its European operations "  in earnest " instead , according to a news release issued late Tuesday . GM 's decision is a setback for Magna , which agreed to purchase Opel and Vauxhall in September in a deal brokered by German Chancellor Angela Merkel . General Motors said in March that it wanted to sell Opel after it reported an annual loss of $ 30.9 billion for 2008 . Opel , together with Vauxhaull , is the fourth-largest car brand in Europe after Volkswagen , Ford , and Renault . It is also GM 's largest-selling brand in Europe by far , representing more than 70 percent of GM 's European sales . While GM 's decision may still mean layoffs as it restructures its European businesses , it may safeguard jobs in the short-term . Employees at the Vauxhall plant in Ellesmere Port , England , welcomed the news . "  I think it 's a good idea , really , because a lot of people will have jobs , " one employee told Sky News . "  We 've had a three-day week now for ages , " said another man . "  We 've lost money , so now we 're going to start getting some back . " The head of the Unite union , which represents Vauxhall workers , said he was "  absolutely delighted " that GM will retain ownership of the brand . "  GM was once the biggest company in the world and we have no reason to believe that it can not restructure itself to address its present difficulties , " Unite Joint General Secretary Tony Woodley said . "  My worry is that they would be forced to spin off their UK business to Magna , which simply does not have the expertise to run a global car company . " CNN 's Fred Pleitgen in Berlin , Germany , contributed to this report	Opel workers in Germany strike Thursday over GM 's decision to abandon sale of automaker GM 's Opel restructuring plan could eliminate as many as 10,000 jobs U.S. parent company says improving business environment behind its decision not to sell Opel GM said in March it wanted to sell Opel after reporting losses of $ 30.9 billion
CNN  -- A medical helicopter crashed on its way to pick up an ailing child in southwestern Tennessee Tuesday morning , killing the pilot and two Memphis children 's hospital workers , officials at the hospital said . The helicopter crashed around 6:20 a.m. near Somerville , about halfway between Memphis and the crew 's destination of Bolivar , officials at Memphis ' Le Bonheur Children 's Hospital told reporters Tuesday morning . Killed were registered nurse Carrie Barlow , 43 , of Halls ; respiratory therapist Denise Adams , 43 , of Arlington ; and pilot Charles Smith , 47 , of Eads , according to the hospital . The crew planned to pick up a boy who was in renal failure at a Bolivar hospital and take him to Le Bonheur , but the helicopter never reached the destination , Le Bonheur CEO Meri Armour said . Aerial video of the crash site from CNN affiliate WMC showed smoke rising from wreckage in a wooded area . Officials said they did n't have information about what led to the crash . "  They have taken care of so many kids in their short lives , " Dr. Jay Pershad , medical director of Le Bonheur 's air transport program , said of the crew Tuesday . "  I ca n't tell you how incredibly difficult it is for the entire team . " Medical helicopter crashes kill 3 , hurt 4 and prompt more scrutiny The boy who was supposed to be flown to Memphis was taken by ambulance to Le Bonheur Tuesday morning after officials learned of the helicopter crash , Armour said . The fatal crash is the second in roughly three years for Hospital Wing , the air ambulance service that operated the helicopter , company CEO Bill Conway said . In March 2010 , three people died when a Hospital Wing helicopter crashed near Brownsville , Tennessee , authorities said at the time . In that 2010 crash , the helicopter was returning to Brownsville after dropping off a patient in Jackson , officials said . It 's unclear what led to Tuesday 's crash , Conway said , adding that the Federal Aviation Administration and the National Transportation Safety Board will investigate . "  It saddens me more than you can know . All three of these crew members were personal friends of mine , " he said . Hospital Wing serves hospitals in Tennessee , Arkansas and Mississippi , transporting about 150 patients a month , the company 's website says . Le Bonheur Children 's Hospital staff members go on about 400 helicopter flights a year , Pershad said . Medical helicopter crashes after taking patient to hospital Medical helicopter crash kills 1	Registered nurse , respiratory therapist , pilot killed Helicopter was scheduled to pick up ailing boy , take him to children 's hospital The helicopter crashed about halfway between Memphis and destination of Bolivar It 's the second fatal crash since 2010 for Hospital Wing helicopter service
CNN  Jeffrey Williams admitted he fired the shots that struck two officers in Ferguson , police said , but claimed he was n't aiming for them . Nonetheless , the 20-year-old from the St. Louis area has been arrested for the shootings of two police officers during last week 's protests in Ferguson , Missouri , a prosecutor said Sunday . Williams has been charged with two counts of first-degree assault , a count of firing a weapon from a vehicle and three counts of armed criminal activity , St. Louis County Prosecuting Attorney Bob McCulloch said . He described Williams as a frequent protester in the city -- which some took issue with . Bishop Derrick Robinson , an area organizer , said he spoke to Williams on Sunday . "  I asked him why would he say that he was a protester because it makes us look bad -- because so many things that we 've done to rebuild our community , " Robinson said . "  It sets us like five steps back to say that it was a protester who did it , but he admitted to me that he 'd never protested . " For more than 200 days , protests have taken place in Ferguson since the August shooting death of unarmed black teenager Michael Brown . Ferguson police Officer Darren Wilson was not indicted . At the time of his arrest , Williams was on probation for receiving stolen property . The prosecutor thanked the public for the information that led to the arrest . He said police served a search warrant on Williams ' residence where they seized a .40 - caliber handgun , "  which has been tied to the shell casings that were recovered " at the scene of the shooting . Williams is being held on a cash-only $ 300,000 bond , McCulloch said , adding that it 's possible Williams could face more charges and that others could be charged in the case . One element of the case that authorities have yet to sort out is intent , McCulloch said , adding that Williams has acknowledged firing the shots but has said he was n't aiming at the police officers . Investigators are not sure they "  buy " Williams ' claim that he opened fire after a dispute with other individuals , McCulloch said , but he did n't rule it out . "  It 's possible he was firing at someone else , " he said , urging any other witnesses with information to come forward . The shots rang out from a hill overlooking the city 's police station shortly after midnight Wednesday , at the end of a protest against the Ferguson Police Department , St. Louis County Police Chief Jon Belmar said at the time . Officers saw "  muzzle flashes ... about 125 yards away , " Belmar said . "  We could have buried two police officers , " Belmar told reporters last week . "  I feel very confident that whoever did this ... came there for whatever nefarious reason that it was . " Public donations poured in to be used toward a reward to find the gunman and any accomplices , Belmar said . Authorities offered a $ 10,000 reward for information leading to the arrest of person or persons responsible for the gunfire upon the two officers , according to the St. Louis Regional CrimeStoppers website . McCulloch said the tipster whose information led to Williams ' arrest is eligible to receive the reward . Protesters said they had nothing to do with the shooting , and that the shots came from a grassy hill away from the crowd . "  In no way are they representative of the thousands of people ... who have been protesting , " said Antonio French , a St. Louis alderman . Belmar believes someone targeted the police , who have faced heated criticism for months , he said . "  These police officers were standing there , and they were shot just because they were police officers , " he said . The department has been criticized since the shooting death of Brown and , more recently , since a scathing U.S. Department of Justice report documented a pattern of racial discrimination in the city . Police Chief Thomas Jackson resigned Wednesday . "  We are actively addressing the issues that have raised concerns of fairness and fair treatment . We support peaceful protesting . However , we will not allow , nor tolerate , the destructive and violent actions of a few to disrupt our unifying efforts , " the mayor of Ferguson and the City Council said in a statement Sunday . While many protesters have decried the Ferguson Police Department , neither of the officers shot last week were from the city . One is from Webster Groves , a St. Louis suburb 13 miles south of Ferguson . The officer -- a 32-year-old with seven years ' experience -- was shot at the high point of his cheek , just under his right eye , Belmar said . The other was hit in the shoulder and the bullet came out the middle of his back , Belmar said . He is a 41-year-old officer with the St. Louis County Police Department , who has been in law enforcement for 14 years . Both men have been treated and released . CNN 's Carma Hassan , Sara Sidner , Jason Carroll , Shimon Prokupecz , Evan Perez and Alina Machado contributed to this report .	Jeffrey Williams , 20 , is charged with two counts of first-degree assault , prosecutor says Prosecutor thanks the public for leading police to a .40 - caliber allegedly used in shooting Two officers , neither from the Ferguson Police Department , were shot during protests last week
CNN  -- At the beginning of 2008 , everything seemed set for Bill Clinton . His wife , Hillary , had the money and the endorsements to run for the presidency . She also had the experience and the talismanic Democratic last name . Everything was in place for Bill 's return to the White House , this time as first gentleman . Then came Iowa , when the supposedly unstoppable Hillary for president locomotive was derailed by Barack Obama , a first-term senator from Illinois . Bill Clinton could n't believe that this Johnny-come-lately might block his wife 's path to the White House . Bill Clinton and Barack Obama may be making common cause now , but four years ago the future president drove the former president crazy . Obama 's sins in the eyes of Bill Clinton in 2008 were numerous and grievous : He denied Hillary a shot at the Oval Office that Bill believed she earned and he attacked Bill by playing the race card , or so Bill believed . In reality , Clinton played the race card on himself when he compared Obama 's victory in the South Carolina primary to Jesse Jackson 's wins there in 1984 and 1988 . Perhaps Clinton 's intent was to isolate Obama as the "  black candidate " ; perhaps not , but an uproar ensued , deeply wounding the man who had been beloved by African-American voters throughout his political career . Obama had even gone so far as to compare Bill Clinton unfavorably to Ronald Reagan , saying that Reagan had "  changed the trajectory " of the nation "  in a way that Bill Clinton did not . " The nerve of this whippersnapper , ranking the first Democratic president since FDR to serve two full terms below the hero of the opposition party -- the party that had tried to throw that Democratic president out of office . By drawing that contrast , Obama was consciously baiting Bill , secure in the knowledge that as Hillary 's campaign brain trust , his outbursts -- about Reagan , about the "  fairy tale " of Obama 's pure opposition to the Iraq War , about the "  race card " -- were doing harm to his wife 's campaign . But Obama 's biggest offense was simply that he was seeking to replace Bill Clinton as first in the hearts of the Democratic faithful . And he was doing it courtesy of a free ride from the media -- nothing like the trial by fire that Bill had undergone in 1992 . Once the nomination fight ended , Hillary was quick to dismiss her ill feelings toward Obama . But insiders say Bill nursed his grudge , only slowly releasing it as his wife took office as Obama 's secretary of state . The coldness between the 42nd and 44th presidents persisted well into Obama 's first term . Obama sought to set the nation 's course on his own , without interference from the man who he said had not achieved the kind of transformative presidency to which he aspired . Within the Democratic Party , the two men were still rivals . It 's no accident that Clinton has had a much warmer relationship with both Presidents Bush than he has had with Obama ; he and the Bushes are not seeking approval from the same audience . Now , however , mutual interest has pushed Bill and Barack together . While no one would confuse them for best friends , Obama needs Clinton 's access to deep Democratic pockets and his appeal to white blue-collar voters , who are more attuned to Bill 's messy I-feel-your-pain empathy than to the professorial coolness of Obama . For his part , Bill craves political relevance . In the 11-plus years of his post-presidency , he has succeeded in securing both public acclaim , for his work on AIDS , and private enrichment , pulling down well into six figures for a single speech . But talking to 10,000 people at a gathering of furniture-industry representatives , no matter how high the remuneration , ca n't compare to influencing a presidential election -- or , for that matter , to pressing the flesh in a high-school gymnasium packed with adoring fans . What 's more , if Hillary does follow the advice Bill is certain to whisper in her ear and run for the presidency in 2016 , when she will be 69 , the party chits he is now amassing will certainly come in handy . Bill Clinton 's political advice to Obama to focus less on likely GOP presidential nominee Mitt Romney 's inconsistency and more on his devotion to "  severe " conservatism comes directly from the Clinton playbook of 1995-96 . After the drubbing he took in the 1994 midterms , Clinton revived his fortunes by depicting his Republican opponents in Congress , led by Speaker Newt Gingrich , as a band of radical ideologues seeking to knock down the underpinnings of middle-class American life , and himself as the only thing stopping them . The strategy succeeded . When the government shut down in late 1995 , the public blamed Gingrich . Seeking the president 's re-election , the Clinton campaign hung the unpopular speaker around the neck of the Republican nominee , Bob Dole , and that was that . Obama has the opportunity to position himself as the reasonable centrist seeking to save the nation from the depredations it would suffer were a radical opposition to gain unchecked power . He has plenty of material to work with -- the Republicans in power today make the ones Clinton faced seem like Swedish socialists . It 's good advice . Whatever his feelings toward Bill Clinton , Obama should listen to him . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Michael Takiff .	President Obama has actively embraced Bill Clinton for help on raising money and gaining voters Michael Takiff : Obama needs Clinton in his campaign , Clinton craves political relevance He says four years ago , Obama drove the former president crazy Takiff : Whatever his feelings toward Bill Clinton , Obama should listen to him
CNN  -- It 's called the "  Walmart of Weed . " This newest big-box store is devoted to selling marijuana-growing equipment . Its biggest outlet yet is to open Wednesday in Phoenix , where Arizona voters approved medical cannabis last fall . The weGrow Store will be the first outside California , where medical weed has long been legalized . None of the chain 's three stores sell the drug . Instead , they unabashedly promote medical marijuana by offering "  everything -- from supplies to services -- that cultivators need to grow it , " the company says . What sets weGrow apart from the mom-and-pop stores selling the growing supplies is that weGrow openly states its hydroponic equipment is intended for pot , a spokeswoman said . The smaller stores often claim the hydroponic equipment is used for growing indoor tomatoes and often kick out a customer if they broach the subject of medical cannabis , said weGrow spokeswoman Melissa DiGianfilippo . While 16 states and the District of Columbia now allow for some sort of medical marijuana , there remains ambiguity about whether U.S. authorities would ever enforce federal laws against marijuana distribution , though 90 % of hydroponics revenue is from cannabis growers , DiGianfilippo said . In fact , the state of Arizona filed a federal lawsuit last week asking the courts to determine whether the voter-approved initiative legalizing medical marijuana is , indeed , legal . Calling itself "  the nation 's only hydroponics franchise that openly talks about medical marijuana , " the Oakland , California-based weGrow sees a boom in Arizona and projects 100,000 Arizonans acquiring state medical cannabis cards , DiGianfilippo said . So far , about 4,000 Arizonans became state-authorized marijuana users after the state began issuing the cards on April 15 , DiGianfilippo said . WeGrow chose Wednesday to open its superstore because that was supposed to be the day the state was scheduled to begin accepting applications to run a marijuana dispensary . But Arizona Gov. Jan Brewer and Attorney General Tom Horne filed a federal lawsuit Friday seeking a declaratory judgment regarding the legality of Proposition 203 . Voters approved the Arizona Medical Marijuana Act last November and Brewer signed it into law in December . Nonetheless , the federal government considers marijuana a controlled substance . In a May 2 , 2011 , letter , U.S. Attorney Dennis Burke of Arizona warned state officials that "  growing , distributing and possessing marijuana , in any capacity , other than as a federally authorized research program , is a violation of federal law regardless of state laws that purport to permit such activities , " according to Brewer . Burke declared that his office would "  vigorously prosecute individuals and organizations that participate in unlawful manufacturing , distribution and marketing activity involving marijuana , even if such activities are permitted under state law , " according to Brewer 's office . "  The State of Arizona has worked to follow the wishes of voters , " Brewer said in a statement . "  But I wo n't stand aside while state employees and average Arizonans acting in good faith are unwittingly put at risk . In light of the explicit warnings on this issue offered by Arizona 's U.S. Attorney , as well as many other federal prosecutors , clarity and judicial direction are in order . " Brewer has directed that the Arizona Department of Health Services put on hold its process for licensing marijuana dispensaries , pending court action on this issue , Brewer 's spokesman , Matthew Benson , told CNN on Tuesday . "  The agency will continue providing registration cards for individuals who receive a doctor 's recommendation to use medical marijuana , " Benson said in an e-mail . WeGrow founder Dhar Mann , a 27-year-old entrepreneur who opened his first store in Oakland after a small hydroponics store ejected him for asking about medical marijuana cultivation , said his firm still sees an opportunity in Arizona , where he estimates medical pot to be a billion-dollar industry . He has plans for similar superstores in other states with legal marijuana . The Phoenix store , located in an industrial area so as not to upset any homeowners , will be 21,000 square feet . Wednesday 's grand opening in Phoenix will feature indoor growing demonstrations with nonmarijuana plants , experts on how to build professional grow rooms , a physician for patient evaluations and classes on how to safely and responsibly cultivate medical marijuana , weGrow officials said . The first weGrow store was a 15,000-square-foot facility that opened in Oakland last year , and in February , a 10,000-square-foot store opened in Sacramento , California , a spokeswoman said . Mann said the Arizona law allows for up to 124 dispensaries , and he took exception with the governor 's lawsuit . "  Delaying the process that a majority of the Arizona voters have asked for prevents qualified cannabis patients from receiving medicine they need and causes unfair financial hardship to businesspeople who have invested tens of thousands of dollars in reliance on the process set up by the state , " Mann said in a statement . "  Medical marijuana cultivating , dispensing , and consuming will exist with or without governmental approval , " Mann said . "  It 's time to tax and regulate this industry so legitimate business people and patients are not criminalized . "	The weGrow firm will open its third superstore in Phoenix on Wednesday It openly sells marijuana-growing equipment but not the drug itself Arizona has asked a federal court to rule on the legality of medical cannabis Arizona voters approved medical marijuana in November
Russian Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev has signed a decree banning foreign same-sex couples -- as well as single people from countries where same-sex marriages are legal -- from adopting Russian children . Though there was no official ban until now , foreigners ' attempts to adopt Russian children before the decree generally would be unsuccessful if a prospective adoptive parent was thought to be gay , international adoption agencies based in Russia have said . Same-sex marriage is illegal in Russia . The decree was signed Monday and published on a government website Thursday . It went into effect Wednesday , state-funded television network Russia Today reported , but CNN could n't immediately confirm that . The portion affecting singles appears to stem from concerns Russian lawmakers have publicly expressed that single prospective adoptive parents could turn out to be gay and enter a same-sex marriage in their home countries . The ban would appear to affect citizens in the more than a dozen countries that allow same-sex marriage . The move comes about a year after Russian lawmakers passed a bill banning adoptions to the United States . The move was widely seen as retaliation for a law the United States passed in 2012 on human rights abusers in Russia . Protests of policies leading up to Olympics It also comes amid criticism of the country 's anti-gay policies leading up to the Winter Olympic Games , which Russia is now hosting in Sochi . Russia 's parliament passed what 's known as the gay propaganda law in June . The legislation makes it illegal to tell children about gay equality . The law was widely criticized by Western leaders who called it archaic and discriminatory . Human rights activists said Russia was unworthy of hosting the Olympics because of it . U.S. President Barack Obama stepped into the fray , saying at a White House news conference in August that "  nobody 's more offended than me " by anti-gay legislation "  you 've been seeing in Russia . " And Web search giant Google weighed in on the controversy with a rainbow Olympic-themed logo on its home page the day the Games started . Before the Games , Russian President Vladimir Putin tried to downplay fears that gay visitors would be discriminated against during the Olympics . Putin said Russia , unlike some other countries , does not criminalize homosexual relationships . "  We do n't outlaw anything and do n't nab anyone , " he said on a visit to Sochi weeks before the Games . "  That 's why you can feel safe and free here , " he added , "  but please leave our children in peace . " Is Russia about to pass another anti-gay law ?	Same-sex married couples are banned from adopting Russian children The ban also affects singles from countries that recognize same-sex marriage The move comes a year after Russia banned adoptions to the United States Global scrutiny of anti-gay policies has grown leading up to Olympics in Sochi
Kanye West has been called many things , but these days the best description -- according to him -- is family man . The 36-year-old rapper appeared on Kris Jenner 's daytime talk show "  Kris " on Friday to discuss his relationship with Jenner 's daughter , Kim Kardashian , and their new addition , North . But if Kanye was smart , he 'd hire Jenner as part of his PR team . The reality TV momager , who has extended her family 's brand from E! to Fox with this test run of her talk show , reiterated several times that the stone-faced and difficult Kanye portrayed in the media is not the man she 's come to know .  Kanye , after all , is now living in her home . "  I 'm so excited that I 've gotten to know you like I have , " Jenner said . "  There are a lot of things that people do n't know about you that are so interesting to me that I want other people to hear . " Kanye spoke about the effect of the birth on his outlook . "  To me it 's such a blessing , and I feel like it 's going to give me the stability that I need to really create and really do God 's work in the way I should , " Kanye , wearing a "  what would Jesus do " bracelet , told Jenner . "  Someone to be accountable , someone to be responsible for . After I lost my mother there were times I felt like I would put my life at risk , I felt like sometimes I did n't have something to live for . Now I have two really special people to live for , a whole family to live for . I want people , when they remember me and my family , their thought association to be someone who helped , someone who brought joy . " He did bring plenty of joy to Jenner 's show , as she beamed while displaying North 's photo for the audience . North , who was born June 15 , has her mother 's eyes and father 's cheeks , according to Jenner . "  The thing I think about as a dad is just protection . That 's my only goal , to Kanye said his goal is "  to protect my daughter . That 's my instinct . " "  To give my daughter as many opportunities to just be a child . Of course , a big thing that plagues us is this idea of the paparazzi chasing a 5-year-old around and screaming at them . ... You have enough things to deal with and to learn being a new parent and you add that on top of it , and it becomes really intense . " According to Jenner , Kanye 's been into his girlfriend for a long , long time , and would even use Photoshop to draw himself into the yearly Kardashian-Jenner Christmas card .  Seriously -- Jenner showed proof . Although he could n't quite remember the first time he met Kardashian , 32 , Kanye did know it was love at first sight . "  I 'm trying to remember if the first time we met was her being in the studio when she was Brandy 's assistant , and I think she brought us in , like , something to drink , " he said . "  Or it might 've been when I was doing Brandy 's video and I remember asking my manager , ` Who is that girl right there ? ' ... I was in love with her before I even got to talk to her . " Kim , he said , was always someone he dreamed about being with , but more importantly , he feels that they 're "  equally yoked . " "  Being in the limelight , you have to have a match , or someone that 's equally yoked , " he told Jenner . "  It 's difficult , because there 's people that you would date who would try to date you to maybe be more famous , or people who would want you to be less famous than you were , and just not accept who you are in life . And when I would be on the phone with her , even at my lowest moments , she 'd give me energy and remind me of who I was . And I needed that support at all times . " Kanye knows that there are those who think he and the Kardashian family would n't have much in common . But he 's trying to grow both spiritually -- "  I 'm a Christian , " he said , "  That 's what 's important to me , that I grow and walk and raise my family with Christian values . " "  People feel that me and my girlfriend 's mother are of different brands in a way , " he said . "  But it 's not about any of us being at odds , it 's about us helping each other and improving each other . I might be one of the only guys in the world that knows how to pick out a pair of shoes for a girl , but I have improvements that I need to make as a human being ... the way that I talk to people , being too sharp with people , or being too edgy . As a creative guy , sometimes it 's hard for me to small talk . ... And that 's something that  the Kardashian  family and Kim are teaching me , helping me to be a better person . " Given the negative press he 's had -- from that infamous mic-jacking at the 2009 MTV Video Music Awards to more recent run-ins with the paparazzi -- does he have any regrets ? Not exactly . While there are things he wishes he could change , he also believes that "  everything happened for a reason , and I 've grown from it , " he said . "  I feel that I 'm very , very , very blessed , and with that comes great responsibility . With the way my parents raised me and the information that they gave me and this feeling that I have that I want to help , I think anything that could be considered a mistake will help me to make better decisions in the future . "	Kanye West appeared on Kris Jenner 's talk show Friday He discussed his relationship with Kim Kardashian and being a dad He also showed off the first picture of daughter North Kris Jenner told her audience that she thinks Kanye 's misunderstood
CNN  -- A wave of deadly bombings struck Baghdad on Thursday in an already remarkably lethal week in Iraq , prompting a U.N. official to warn the mayhem is "  ready to explode " into a wider conflict . And violence was n't limited to Iraq 's capital -- Anbar province 's governor escaped the latest apparent attempt to assassinate him when bombs exploded Thursday near his convoy in Ramadi and injured four of his bodyguards , police said . In Baghdad , a car bomb exploded Thursday afternoon outside a university , and three car bombs and a roadside bomb exploded Thursday morning in four neighborhoods , killing at least 10 people and wounding 41 others , police said . The deaths come as political and sectarian violence rises across Iraq , much of it stemming from discord between Sunni and Shiite Muslims . Nearly 400 people have been killed in acts of violence in May , according to a CNN tally . And since Monday alone , at least 120 people have been killed . Martin Kobler , the U.N. special representative to Iraq , expressed dismay at the recent violence and condemned the attack against the Anbar governor . He also warned the situation could worsen if leaders do n't take action . "  Systemic violence is ready to explode at any moment if all Iraqi leaders do not engage immediately to pull the country out of this mayhem , " Kobler said in Baghdad . Thursday 's violence included the afternoon car bombing outside a university in southeastern Baghdad . At least two people were killed and eight others wounded in that blast , city police officials told CNN . No other details were immediately available . Iraqi security forces are on high alert and have established more checkpoints in and around the capital , causing massive traffic jams during rush hour . In central Ramadi , more than 60 miles  100 kilometers  west of Baghdad , Anbar Gov. Qassim Mohammed Abid was unharmed when car and roadside bombs exploded Thursday morning near his convoy , Ramadi police officials said . Abid has survived several assassination attempts over the years . He lost his left hand in a suicide attack in the predominantly Sunni province in 2009 . Recent violence in Iraq comes amid rising Sunni-Shiite tensions . Since December , tens of thousands of Sunni demonstrators have taken to the streets across the country , protesting against the Shiite-led government . Sunni Arabs had more political clout in Iraq under Saddam Hussein until his ouster in 2003 after a U.S.-led invasion . Under the Shiite-led government in the post-Saddam era , Sunnis have felt marginalized . About two-thirds of Iraq 's nearly 32 million people are Shiite , and roughly a third are Sunni , according to the CIA World Factbook . Here is a look at Iraq 's deadly four-day stretch , according to police officials : â $ cents At least 30 deaths on Wednesday , with 20 people killed in four bombings in Baghdad , and 10 killed in acts of violence in Mosul . â $ cents At least 23 deaths on Tuesday and more than 80 others hurt in three explosions and three shootings in Baghdad and Mosul . â $ cents At least 57 deaths on Monday and 190 others hurt in a wave of attacks in Baghdad and other cities .	At least 10 more killed in Baghdad on Thursday amid rising religious , political tensions Nearly 400 people have been killed in acts of violence in May , according to a CNN tally . U.N. representative Martin Kobler : "  Systemic violence is ready to explode at any moment " Kobler : Leaders need to take steps immediately
CNN  A hint of France 's expected response to the Charlie Hebdo slaughter -- and a claim of responsibility by al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula for the rampage that claimed 12 lives -- came in remarks President Francois Hollande made aboard his country 's nuclear-powered Charles de Gaulle aircraft carrier before it embarked to the Middle East . "  The exceptional situation that we 're in must lead us to revise our rhythm for reducing personnel , " Hollande said Wednesday , referring to military cuts planned before the attacks . That exceptional situation was a terrorist rampage that was years in the works , an AQAP leader said in a video , claiming U.S.-born cleric Anwar al-Awlaki was the mastermind . Al-Awlaki was the terror group 's spokesman before a U.S. drone strike killed him in Yemen in 2011 . As intelligence analysts try to piece together whether the gunmen who attacked the satirical magazine met al-Awaki on trips to Yemen -- a theory that could be bolstered by the new video 's claim -- France 's ultimate response will be colored by numerous factors . Why deploy the Charles de Gaulle ? An invasion of Yemen is unlikely . "  In terms of international engagement and what 's happening in Yemen , the United States has been engaged in drone strikes for a number of years , " says David Schanzer , director of the Triangle Center on Terrorism and Homeland Security and a professor of public policy at Duke University . "  I would think the United States is doing about everything that could be done in Yemen . " Of France 's deployment of the flagship Charles de Gaulle , Schanzer said : "  I do n't know how much of this is symbolic or adding to capability . I just have my doubts . " In fact , Schanzer wrote in an op-ed piece this week , France and the United States have been on a "  war footing " against terrorism for nearly 14 years . "  As early as October 2001 , France participated in NATO operations in Afghanistan against al-Qaeda and the Taliban , " he wrote . "  In 2013 , France launched a military operation in Mali against an al-Qaeda affiliate that had overtaken large swaths of the country . And last year , France joined the U.S.-led military engagement against ISIS in Iraq and Syria . " On Saturday , Prime Minister Manuel Valls declared that France was at "  war against terrorism , against jihadism , against radical Islamism . " The attacks and the international response they have elicited evoke the days following the 9/11 attacks , Peter Feaver , a political science professor at Duke , wrote in Foreign Policy . "  This problem is best understood using the language of war , " he wrote . "  Yes , it requires all of the tools of diplomacy , law enforcement , intelligence , and so on , but they are all components of a larger frame that is war . " Will France go to war ? France has moved more and more in the direction of military force against terrorists overseas in recent years , Christopher Chivvis , associate director of the International Security and Defense Policy Center at the RAND Corporation , said via email . That 's a change from a decade ago , when the nation tended to focus primarily on the domestic front in counterterrorism strategy . An important factor is recognition that the nature of the terror threat has grown increasingly complex , with links to overseas terrorist safe havens , according to Chivvis . Chivvis said the case of Mohammed Merah , who killed seven people in a series of attacks in southern France in 2012 , was influential . Merah was shot dead after a long siege in Toulouse that year . Merah told police he had attended an al Qaeda training camp while visiting Afghanistan and Pakistan , according to a French prosecutor . Merah 's relatives denied the claim . "  France 's decision to intervene against al Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb in Mali in 2013 was shaped by this growing concern about the ways that overseas terrorist safe havens increase the threat to France itself , " Chivvis said .  "  Islamic Maghreb " refers to North Africa . "  All of this suggests that , contrary to what might have been the case a decade ago , a French counterterrorism operation against AQAP is a real possibility . " Is a large French operation likely ? You probably wo n't see a repeat of Mali , where France had 2,150 soldiers on the ground and 1,000 more troops supporting the operation from elsewhere . Instead , France might chose to use special operations forces , which have been working closely with the United States Special Operations Command in recent years , or even air strikes against specific targets , according to Chivvis . "  From a French perspective , airstrikes have the additional benefit of being high-profile and showcasing French airpower , " he wrote . "  Airpower was used to great effect in Mali . French  special operations forces  performed well in Mali , however , when it came to the element of surprise and keeping the initiative against a retreating al Qaeda foe . " For France , an international and domestic response are in order . "  In both cases , France can not go it alone , but needs allies like the United States to back it up , " Chivvis said . "  There are always risks that such operations can backfire , and I 'm sure that French leaders are doing their best to weigh those risks against the risks of not responding . " Has the military option worked ? It depends on the goals , experts say . "  Has it led to the destruction of al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula ? No , " Schanzer said . "  Has it prevented any 9/11-sized attacks in the United States or anywhere else in the world ? The answer to that question is no as well . " The effectiveness of the military approach is hard to measure . "  Al-Awlaki has been taken off the battlefield , " Schanzer said . "  He was a very threatening individual and , even in his death , is having influence . Some of the things that were done there have contributed and maybe helped to contain this organization but it has n't led to its elimination . " And the rise of ISIS in Syria is instructional . "  We did think when bin Laden was killed and al Qaeda central was really strongly wounded that maybe we were on the down slope of this problem , but the civil war in Syria has really been a game changer , Schanzer told CNN . What can France do at home ? In his op-ed piece , Schanzer wrote that France should revise laws to make support for foreign terrorist organizations , whether fighting or training with them , a crime punishable by a lengthy period of incarceration . "  In the United States , our ` material support for terrorism ' law has been an effective tool for incapacitating potential terrorists , " he wrote . "  The law is only triggered by specific actions taken in furtherance of terrorist organizations . If applied properly , it does not violate civil liberties by punishing people for their ideas . " Toughening criminal laws will expand the scope of surveillance against people with terrorist connections , according to Schanzer . "  Can every single person that has radical impulses be arrested and prosecuted in a democracy ? No , " he told CNN . "  But people who have known connections and have in some way interacted with foreign terrorist organizations , to me that 's a crime and we should consider locking more people up . That 's not a long-term response to this problem that the whole world is facing , but it is something that can reduce the immediate level of risk that they 're facing . " Cherif Kouachi , 32 , and Said Kouachi , 34 , who authorities say carried out the Charlie Hebdo shootings , were killed during a standoff northeast of Paris last week . The brothers were French citizens known to the country 's security services , according to officials . One spent time in jail for ties to terrorism , and was in Syria as recently as this summer , according to a French source . The other went to Yemen for training , officials say . Before they were killed in a shootout with French security forces , one of the brothers spoke on the phone to a journalist from the French news network BFM . "  We are just telling you that we are the defenders of Prophet Mohammed , " he said . "  I was sent , me , Cherif Kouachi , by al Qaeda in Yemen . I went there and Sheikh Anwar Al-Awlaki financed my trip ... before he was killed . " Cherif Kouachi , the younger of the brothers , was arrested by French authorities in 2005 when he was about to leave to fight in Iraq . He planned to travel to Iraq via Syria . He was sentenced to three years in prison in 2008 . Schanzer wrote : "  The key steps France needs to take to address the current threat have everything to do with expanding domestic counterterrorism and little to do with the tools of war . "	France 's response to Charlie Hebdo attack colored by many factors Cleric Anwar al-Awlaki masterminded rampage , terror leader says France moves in the direction of military force against terrorism , expert says
Washington  CNN  -- The U.S. government is not fully guarding against the contamination of meat by traces of antibiotics , pesticides or heavy metals , a new report warns . The U.S. Department of Agriculture 's inspector general said federal agencies have failed to set limits on many potentially harmful chemical residues , which "  has resulted in meat with these substances being distributed in commerce . " When it comes to pesticide traces , only one type is tested for , according to the report . There are also no set limits for some heavy metals , like copper . In 2008 , Mexican authorities turned away an American shipment of beef , because it did not meet Mexico 's limits when tested for copper traces . But the very same rejected meat could be sold in the United States , since no limit has been set , the analysis says . That example shows "  the government has fallen down on the job here , " said Tony Corbo of the consumer advocacy group Food and Water Watch . "  Some of the residues that the inspector general cited could be carcinogenic , as they accumulate over a period of time in the body , " he said . The study focused on contamination by chemical residues , rather than bacteria . While bacteria like E. coli and Salmonella can cause an illness that is acute but brief , chemical residues are more like to build up over time , and no amount of cooking will destroy them . The USDA pledged to "  swiftly implement the corrective actions " recommended by the inspector , which including testing for more kinds of residue and setting limits on how much of each substance is allowable . A department spokesman pointed out that this kind of fix , which is expected to require coordination with the FDA and the EPA , was one of the main reasons President Obama created a Food Safety Working Group last year . The National Cattlemen 's Beef Association said in a statement , "  We fully support the critical role of the federal government in ensuring beef safety . " "  While the U.S. beef supply is extraordinarily safe by any nation 's standards , " it added , "  the beef industry is constantly looking for ways to improve the systems that ensure the safest product possible for our consumers . " The study , first reported by USA Today , also says that when cattle test positive for residue , it is difficult to track back where it came from because it often passes through several buyers and sellers . The American Meat Institute said that problem "  underscores the need to implement comprehensive livestock traceback procedures , " with a national animal identification system . CNN 's Brian Todd contributed to this report .	Official : Federal agencies fail to set limits on potentially harmful chemical residues In U.S. , there are no set limits for some heavy metals , like copper , in beef Study focused on contamination by chemical residues , rather than bacteria
CNN  -- A high school dropout who stole the identity of a missing South Carolina woman and used it to gain admission to two Ivy League colleges has been arrested , police said Sunday . Esther Reed , who allegedly used a missing woman 's ID to get into colleges , was arrested by U.S. Marshals . A fugitive for more than a year , Esther Reed was arrested Saturday by U.S. Marshals in suburban Chicago , said Clark Brazier , a spokesman for the police department in Traveler 's Rest , South Carolina . Reed is scheduled to have a bond hearing this week in Illinois . South Carolina authorities are seeking to extradite her on charges of aggravated identity theft and wire fraud . Reed assumed the identity of Brooke Henson , who was 20 years old when she disappeared more than eight years ago from Travelers Rest , investigators say . It 's unclear how Reed obtained Henson 's personal information , but Reed used Henson 's identity to take the SAT and GED , and then applied to the schools , said Jon Campbell , a Travelers Rest Police Department investigator who spoke to CNN last year . Officials at Harvard University and Columbia University have acknowledged that a Brooke Henson was enrolled at their schools , but said privacy laws prevent them from discussing details . "  There 's a little relief that goes with -LSB- the news of Reed 's arrest -RSB- , " Brooke 's aunt Lisa Henson told CNN Sunday . "  But -LSB- Brooke -RSB- is still missing . I 'd like to have some answers . I would love to see -LSB- Reed -RSB- and look her in the eye and say , ` You 're a horrible person . ' " Police say they 're confident Reed was not involved in Henson 's disappearance . Authorities believe Henson was killed by someone who knew her . However , no body has been found and no arrests have been made . Henson 's family had heard nothing about their missing relative for years until the summer of 2006 , when New York City authorities told police in Travelers Rest that they had found her , alive and well , in Manhattan . The police relayed that message to Henson 's family . "  I was jumping for joy , " said Lisa Henson . "  It was incredible . " But the family 's joy was short-lived when it was revealed that the woman found was actually Reed . An ex-boyfriend told CNN that Reed -- posing as Henson -- often bragged about being a world-class chess player who earned a living playing the game competitively . The man told CNN that he believed her until he challenged her to a game and beat her . Originally from the tiny town of Townsend , Montana , Reed had been reported missing by her family in 1999 , around the same time that Henson disappeared . In high school in Montana , Reed earned poor grades . "  Esther was the kind of kid who would have been invisible , " her English teacher James Therriault said . "  If you did n't take pains to notice her presence . " E-mail to a friend CNN 's Gary Tuchman and Ashley Fantz contributed to this report .	Police : Esther Reed went missing the same time that Brooke Henson did Reed assumed Henson 's identity , took SAT and GED in her name , police say Police believe Henson was killed but say Reed was not involved Columbia University and Harvard confirmed that a Brooke Hanson was enrolled
Harrisburg , Pennsylvania  CNN  -- Somewhere , somehow , someone tried to carry a tribal spear onto a commercial aircraft . Troy Thompson knows that not because he is privy to the nation 's latest intelligence reports but because he works for Pennsylvania 's Department of General Services , where objects discovered and surrendered at airport checkpoints are stored , sorted and resold to the public . The non-descript government building in Harrisburg , Pennsylvania , could be called the world 's most unusual thrift store because of the odd assortment of stuff that ends up there . You 'll find piles of hockey sticks and golf clubs , dozens of snow globes , enough rolling pins to equip a culinary school and so many pocketknives that they are sold by the pound . All of the items are prohibited on planes because they could be used as weapons or , in the case of snow globes , could contain liquid explosives . Every year , passengers surrender about 750,000 prohibited items at airport checkpoints . The Transportation Security Administration cringes at the term "  confiscated " because passengers have the option to return prohibited items to their cars , check them with their baggage , ship them home , or hand them off to someone on the public side of the checkpoint . But more often than not , rushed travelers surrender the items -- or "  voluntarily abandon " them , in TSA parlance -- to screeners . TSA stands by knife decision Illegal items -- guns , grenades , brass knuckles and such -- are handed over to local law enforcement .  The TSA seizes on average four guns a day at checkpoints and took a total of 1,549 last year . But prohibited items -- knives , large tools and sporting equipment -- are considered excess government property and are sent to the nearest state willing to accept them . The TSA does not profit from abandoned property , it says . But Pennsylvania says the commonwealth can profit largely because it already has a facility devoted to selling government surplus . Using those resources , Thompson said , Pennsylvania has brought in almost $ 900,000 in the past nine years selling checkpoint items . Who 's who in opposition to TSA rule change Knives are probably the most common items aside from liquids , which are thrown away . Travelers surrender about 35 knives at Baltimore-Washington International Airport on an average day and about 47 per day at Los Angeles International Airport . Pennsylvania employees research the market values of items and set prices , taking into consideration the items ' conditions . Some items are sold in a no-frills government surplus store in Harrisburg . Most are auctioned on GovDeals.com  search for "  Pennsylvania Surplus "  . New batches of items are placed on the auction block three times a week . Oddities include a large box filled with bullet belts . Whether they came from punk rockers or Hopalong Cassidy fans , or perhaps both , is unknown . "  You ca n't physically go through each bullet to make sure it 's not a real bullet , " Thompson said . In the inventory this week were Nunchaku , or nunchucks , toy guns and a horse whip . "  I do n't know who would want to take a horse whip onto a plane , " Thompson said . Thompson said he does n't expect the TSA 's recent decision to permit small pocketknives to appreciably alter the flow of goods through his department . Many of the surrendered knives have longer blades and will remain prohibited . And there 's always someone trying to board an aircraft with bullet belts , nunchucks and spears , which , if nothing else , keeps jobs at the checkpoint and one Pennsylvania surplus store very interesting .	Passengers surrender 750,000 items annually at airport checkpoints , TSA says Many items are sold at a Pennsylvania warehouse and online Knives are the most common item surrendered ; a horse whip is rather unusual
CNN  -- Jerome Champagne , the only candidate currently standing against FIFA president Sepp Blatter , is resolutely refusing to take the gloves off against his rival in the race to decide who will lead football 's world governing body . Given the criticism Sepp Blatter and his organization has faced over its governance in recent years some might argue Champagne has been presented with a virtual own goal for his campaign -- but not a bit of it . "  Blatter is not corrupt , " Champagne told CNN 's World Sport . "  I 'm not here to defend Blatter but I want him to be a responsible candidate and an efficient president . " England 's Football Association chairman Greg Dyke recently described a FIFA meeting as "  like something out of North Korea " in which the organization 's federations adopted an attitude to Blatter of "  hail to the leader . " But Champagne rejected the idea that Blatter ruthlessly controls things from the top , rather seeing the man who has been at FIFA 's helm for the past 16 years as akin to the leader of a democratically elected head of state . "  The FIFA president , according to the constitution of FIFA , he 's not a dictator , said Champagne . "  I give you an example . In the UK , which is a democracy , British people vote for the Prime Minister . When the Prime Minister is elected , he or she has a right to set up a cabinet in order to implement the program that he or she has been elected for . "  That 's democracy and of course he or she will be controlled by the Parliament , by the house . You think the FIFA President can choose the government to implement the program he has been elected for the 209 federations ? Not at all . " While describing the 78-year-old Blatter as someone "  who is married with football , " Champagne insisted the organization needed "  fresh air . " The 56-year-old former FIFA insider added : "  The issue is not the person , it 's the program , it 's the vision . It 's what we do with the tools , with the administration , " he says . "  I 'm not happy with the situation of FIFA and I 'm not happy with the situation of football . I think football is an amazing tool and FIFA can be an amazing machine to have a model of world governance . "  That 's why I decided to run . It 's about taking risks . If you do n't take risks in your life nothing will happen . " The Frenchman 's insistence on playing the ball and not the man may have something to do with his former life as a diplomat , but equally it may be informed by an intimate knowledge of how the Swiss-based organization operates . The 56-year-old spent 11 years with FIFA employing his diplomatic skills in the footballing arena as director of international relations from 1999 to 2010 . During his time there , Champagne worked closely with Blatter , tasked with overseeing improvements in relations with national associations and other international sporting bodies including the International Olympic Committee . After being relieved of his duties at FIFA at the beginning of 2010 for reasons never fully explained , Champagne set up as an independent consultant advising a number of clubs and associations including the Kosovo Football Federation and the Palestine Football Association . The relationship with the latter has focused on establishing a professional league in the state as well promoting better relations with Israel 's Football Association and National Olympic Committee . However , given Champagne 's previous close links with Blatter 's controversial stewardship , can the Frenchman be trusted to deliver sweeping reforms ? "  I hope , I believe I can and also I believe we need  it  , " he insists . "  I do n't mind when people are telling me : ` you worked with Blatter , how can you be the face of change ? ' "  Fine , we can debate that and I can show what I have done when I was there ... So listen , it 's part of democracy and that 's why I decided to stand . " Last week , Blatter tweeted that FIFA was taking the lead in acting "  ethically , " despite the organization facing criticism over the the bidding process for the 2018 and 2022 World Cup . Champagne 's enthusiasm to expose his own record to public scrutiny is something that FIFA should be doing with U.S. lawyer Michael Garcia 's report into that bidding process , the Frenchman argues . FIFA wants to keep the report private , but Garcia , who passed his report to FIFA 's ethics chief Hans-Joachim Eckert earlier this month , says it should be made public . "  We need to know what happened , " said Champagne . "  A judicial process which is open where the citizen can buy the process , can be part of the process knowing why a person is indicted and the person is innocent or guilty . "  It 's very important and I think the release of the report is very important because it will be a part of the rebuilding of the image of FIFA because it 's definitely needed . " FIFA members will elect a new president in May 2015 . Read more : Garcia wants World Cup report to be made public	Sepp Blatter is n't corrupt nor is he a dictator , says Jerome Champagne Former diplomat is bidding to replace 78-year-old as FIFA president in 2015 elections Champagne says FIFA needs "  fresh air " but issue is not Blatter The 56-year-old also urges FIFA to make report into World Cup bidding process public
CNN  The Obama administration has consistently supported measures aimed at reforming mandatory minimum prison sentencing for nonviolent drug offenders . But President Barack Obama 's recent decision to commute the prison sentences of only eight federal inmates -- incarcerated for drug crimes -- has left advocates wanting more . The forgiveness of a crime after a sentence is served or the reduction of a sentence currently being served is one of the few presidential powers widely unchecked by Congress or the courts . Commutations are traditionally issued in the weeks leading up to the holidays . The eight offenders granted commutations this year  here is the full list from the White House  were all serving lengthy sentences , half of them life sentences , for drug offenses related to crack cocaine and methamphetamine . Although this was the same number of commutations granted in 2013 , many expected the number to be much greater given the Justice Department 's April announcement of a new prison reform initiative aimed at making it easier for the administration to pardon or reduce sentences of non-violent offenders . "  Well , it 's a start , albeit a disappointingly small one , " said Julie Stewart of Families Against Mandatory Minimums . "  Given the administration 's pronouncement that it wants to grant more clemencies , I was surprised they granted the exact same number of commutations as last December . " The initiative launched by the Obama administration and outside advocacy groups earlier this year was touted as a way to "  quickly and effectively identify " inmates serving mandatory minimum sentences that have since been characterized as "  out-of-date " and inappropriate , according to a statement made by Deputy Attorney General James Cole in May . Cole said the President 's decision to grant clemency to these eight individuals "  sustains his commitment to bring fairness to our criminal justice system . While all eight were properly held accountable for their criminal actions , their punishments did not fit their crimes , and sentencing laws and policies have since been updated to ensure more fairness for low-level offenders . " But the Clemency Report , an advocacy group dedicated to making executive clemency work on the federal level , called the number of commutes "  disgraceful in an era of mass imprisonment , " according to a statement posted to their website . The advocacy group pointed out that no marijuana , powder cocaine or LSD offenders had their sentences shortened despite the fact that an estimated 2,000 federal inmates qualify for commutation consideration under the administration 's new criteria . This new policy dictates offenders must be low-level , nonviolent and without a significant criminal history . They also must have served at least 10 years of their sentence and have demonstrated good conduct in prison , with no history of violence before or during their incarceration . One federal inmate who clearly meets the Justice Department criteria for commutation is Timothy Tyler , sentenced to two life sentences without the possibility of parole for conspiracy to possess LSD with the intent to distribute . He has spent more than 20 years in prison but has been clinging to the hope he will someday be free as a result of the Justice Department 's initiative and the absence of a violent past . Timothy 's sister , Carrie , who has dedicated her life to tirelessly efforting her brother 's release , believes that the lack of commutations this year does not indicate a reluctance on Obama 's part to follow through with prison reforms . But it is evidence of the bureaucracy-induced backlog caused by the amount of applications for qualified inmates , she believes . RELATED : Man hopes new sentencing rules will get him out Obama has received 15,646 petitions for commutation since 2009 and , with the addition of the eight granted this year , has granted a total of 21 . That 's more than the number granted by Presidents George W. Bush , Bill Clinton and Ronald Reagan at the same stage in their presidencies . "  One of -LSB- the pardoned prisoners -RSB- is Tim 's friend and he put his petition in two years ago , " Carrie Tyler said . "  Tim 's petition has not been submitted . It will be in the beginning of the year . It has taken them over a year to do his petition . " She is still hopeful her brother 's name will be on the list of those released some day in the near future . "  I believe more will come in the future . I think he -LSB- the President -RSB- will keep his promise , " Carrie Tyler . Stewart , of Families Against Mandatory Minimums , which has been working on Timothy Tyler 's release , also remains optimistic . "  I think the new pardon attorney , Deborah Leff , is genuinely interested in finding deserving candidates , " she said of the new head of the Office of the Pardon Attorney , long been seen as the "  Office of No . "	President Barack Obama recently commuted the sentences of eight federal drug offenders The Obama administration has consistently supported mandatory minimum sentence reforms Advocates say they are disappointed with the low number of commutations by Obama
EW.com  -- Do you belieb that one of Canada 's biggest exports could be deported as a result of his recent Miami arrest ? The possibility is slim . Nevertheless , less than a week after it was first posted to the government 's "  We the People " platform , over 100,000 Americans have signed a petition asking the Obama administration to revoke Bieber 's green card .  Why ? Because "  he is not only threatening the safety of our people but he is also a terrible influence on our nations youth . "  And according to the site 's terms of participation , this means that the White House must now respond to the petition "  in a timely fashion . " Just do n't expect that response to come soon â $ " or to affirm that Bieber really will be kicked off our amber waves of grain . Facetious pop culture petitions are n't exactly a top priority for the White House ; in the past , they 've taken two months to respond to calls for the construction of a Death Star  "  The Administration does not support blowing up planets "  and the cancellation of Jimmy Kimmel Live ! following an offensive segment  "  The First Amendment of the Constitution protects free speech , even if individuals might personally find it offensive or distasteful "  . And perhaps more importantly , DUIs and drag-racing are n't deportable offenses . As The Hollywood Reporter points out , immigration visas can only be revoked in the event of a violent crime or a prison sentence that exceeds one year ; Bieber faces an array of potential consequences , but if he is sentenced to prison , he 'd only get up to six months for drag racing and up to six months for the DUI . Bieber 's arraignment is scheduled for Feb. 14 . In the meantime , he 'll be kept busy with his Los Angeles egging charges and , perhaps , the sale of his Calabasas mansion . Oh , and maybe making music as well â $ " his next music video debuts on Vevo today at 7 p.m. ET . See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	People have signed a petition asking for Bieber 's green card to be revoked Supporters would like White House to step in Meanwhile Bieber has a new music video debuting ,
CNN  Fighting between Israel and the Lebanese militant group Hezbollah has left two Israeli soldiers and a Spanish peacekeeper dead , officials said Wednesday . Separately , in Gaza , the United Nations said it was "  outraged " when Palestinian protesters climbed the perimeter of a U.N. compound and damaged it . U.N. officials took Hamas to task for not preventing the incident . Hezbollah fired five anti-tank missiles at Israeli military vehicles in the disputed Shebaa Farms area , killing an officer and a soldier , the Israel Defense Forces said . Sgt. Dor Chaim Nini was 20 ; Capt. Yochai Kalangel was 25 , the IDF said . The attack took place near Shebaa Farms , also known as Har Dov , a disputed strip of land between Lebanon and Syria adjoining the Golan Heights , under Israeli control . Seven Israeli soldiers were injured , two of them moderately , the IDF said . Hezbollah , which Syrian President Bashar al-Assad 's regime supports , claimed responsibility for the attack . The Spanish service member , Cpl. Francisco Javier Soria Toledo , was serving with UNIFIL , the U.N. Interim Force in Lebanon . He was killed "  during the incidents that happened between Hezbollah and the Israeli military , " the Spanish government said . Spanish President Mariano Rajoy Brey expressed his condolences on Twitter . It was unknown whether the peacekeeper , 36 , was killed by Israeli or Hezbollah fire . The IDF told CNN it is investigating UNIFIL said its personnel "  observed six rockets launched toward Israel " on Wednesday morning , and that the IDF "  returned artillery fire in the same general area . " "  During the course of the developments , a UNIFIL peacekeeper deployed at a U.N. position near Ghajar sustained serious injuries that resulted in his death . The precise cause of death is as yet undetermined and remains the subject of investigation , " UNIFIL said in a statement . "  UNIFIL Head of Mission and Force Commander Major-General Luciano Portolano was in immediate contact with the parties to help control the situation and prevent further escalation . In the meantime , at around 1:30 p.m. , five rockets were fired from the general area of Kafer Shouba toward Israel . The IDF fired artillery rounds towards the source of fire . "  UNIFIL has been informed by the IDF that they incurred casualties as a result of fire from the Lebanese side . " An Israeli military position on Mount Hermon also came under mortar fire Wednesday , the IDF said . Israel planned to evacuate civilians Wednesday from the town , which includes a popular ski resort . A day earlier , a rocket attack struck the Golan Heights , and Israel responded with artillery fire . Overnight , the military launched airstrikes against Syrian targets in response to Hezbollah rocket fire from Syrian bases , IDF spokesman Lt. Col. Peter Lerner told CNN . "  We did this to send a message to the Syrian regime that we view it responsible for what occurs on its territory and that there is a price to pay for allowing Hezbollah to use your positions , " Lerner said . "  If the Syrians think they are going to open up a new front on the Golan after 40 years , we are not willing to accept that . " The Golan Heights were part of Syria until the Six Day War in 1967 . The area has since been under Israeli control . Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu warned Wednesday that his country is prepared to respond to attacks in the region . At a ceremony in the southern Israel city of Sderot , Netanyahu said , "  At this moment , the IDF is responding to events in the north . To everyone who is trying to challenge us at the northern border , I recommend that they look  at  what happened not far away from the city of Sderot , in Gaza : Hamas took its hardest hit since its formation . And the IDF is prepared to act strongly on all fronts . " Netanyahu convened a security meeting and vowed , "  Those who are responsible for this attack will pay the price . " He linked the violence to Iran , which supports Hezbollah and the Syrian regime . "  Iran has been attempting for some time , through Hezbollah , to create an additional terror front against us from the Golan Heights . We are working aggressively and responsibly against this attempt , " he said . "  The Lebanese government and the Assad regime are both responsible for the implications of the attacks that are originating from their territory against Israel . " Netanyahu 's office brought up Iran 's nuclear activities . "  We must not provide terrorism with a nuclear umbrella . We must not let the most dangerous regime in the world have the most dangerous weapon in the world , " the office said . Iran insists it seeks only peaceful nuclear energy . U.N. peacekeepers pulled out of the Golan Heights in September after Islamic militants took some peacekeepers hostage and Syrian rebel fighters took control of the border crossing between Israel and Syria in the Syrian town of Quneitra . There has been intermittent weapons fire from Syria into the Golan Heights -- both targeted and errant , the Israeli military contends -- as the Syrian civil war has raged . More than a week ago , Iranian semiofficial media reported that an Israeli airstrike killed six Hezbollah members and a senior Iranian commander around Quneitra . The Israeli military refused to comment about the January 18 strike . Hamas said Wednesday it "  reaffirms Hezbollah 's right to respond to the Israeli aggression , especially following the attack in Quneitra . " Hezbollah has claimed responsibility for numerous terrorist attacks . It is blamed for a 1983 bombing that killed 241 U.S. service personnel at a Marine compound in Beirut , Lebanon , the deadliest attack against U.S. Marines since the Battle of Iwo Jima in World War II . Hamas , meanwhile , came under criticism Wednesday from the U.N. special coordinator for the Middle East Peace Process , Robert Serry , who said he was "  outraged by the assault " on a U.N. compound in Gaza . "  During a pre-announced demonstration , of which Hamas was well aware , a number of protesters climbed the perimeter wall and entered the compound causing damage to United Nations premises and property , " he said . "  Due to precautionary measures taken , United Nations personnel working in the compound were fortunately unharmed . " Hamas controls Gaza . "  Pending a full transfer of security responsibilities to the legitimate Palestinian Authority , we continue to hold Hamas fully responsible for the security and safety of all United Nations personnel and operations in Gaza , " Serry said . "  As this serious incident took place in the context of increasing incitement against the United Nations in Gaza , the Special Coordinator is conducting an urgent review of operations in Gaza , " his statement added . CNN 's Elise Labott and Jason Hanna contributed to this report .	Two Israeli soldiers killed , seven wounded in Hezbollah missile attack A Spanish service member with U.N. peacekeeping forces also killed U.N. takes Hamas to task in Gaza after protesters damage compound
CNN  -- During the past few months , I have gently suggested to my patients that they receive the flu vaccine . Many said yes , but some declined . Today , as I look up Google 's national flu trend map , I see nearly the entire country painted in an alarming red , signifying "  intense " flu activity . According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , 41 states are experiencing widespread flu outbreaks . There are 26 times more flu cases this year than last . And in Boston , near my primary care practice , a public health emergency was declared this past Wednesday . I shake my head when seeing these headlines , and I vow to be more persuasive when it comes to giving the flu vaccine . More patients need to be protected against influenza by getting flu shots earlier in the season . Like many other clinics across the country , my office is flooded with patients suffering from coughs , runny noses , fevers and body aches , all potentially caused by the flu . Thankfully , the vast majority of adults survive . But others fare less successfully : the young , the elderly , and those with chronic conditions like asthma , diabetes or cancer . Severe flu complications , like pneumonia , can hospitalize these patients , or worse , be fatal . Consider the young . According to William Rodriguez , a pediatrician at the Food and Drug Administration , between 43 and 153 children have died in the past 10 flu seasons combined . Already , 18 children have died this season . One reason why the flu outbreak is so prevalent this year is that the predominant strain , H3N2 , has n't been this widely circulated since 2002-03 and is associated with a more severe illness . But another reason is the relatively low percentage of patients who received a flu shot . This year 's vaccine is well matched to the circulating viruses and , while not perfect , provides good protection . Flu shots are about 60 % effective . But more than half of Americans skip the vaccine . Only 46 % received one last year . This year 's numbers are about the same . The reason many cite , "  I got the flu from the flu shot ! " is n't valid . There are no live viruses in the vaccine . If someone got sick after the shot , it 's because of a coincidental illness caused by the scores of other non-influenza viruses that can cause similar upper respiratory symptoms . Others say , "  I 've never had the shot before , and I 've been fine . " In some , the flu can be debilitating , leaving patients bedridden for days . In others , it can simply be a runny nose or a minor cough . But it 's still the flu and can be spread to more vulnerable patients , with disastrous consequences for them . According to Frank Esper , a viral respiratory disease expert at UH Case Medical Center in Ohio , "  Every time you vaccinate yourself , you 're not just protecting yourself , but you 're protecting everyone you know , including individuals who are young or pregnant . " It 's still not too late for a flu shot . Go get one if you have n't already . Although its protective action wo n't take effect for about two weeks , the flu season has n't peaked . I realize I have to do a better job to dispel these myths in the exam room and convince more of my patients to receive a flu shot . But patients can also help . Read the headlines and learn from the current flu crisis . Then be proactive and get a vaccine earlier in future flu seasons . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Kevin Pho .	Kevin Pho : Nearly every state has "  intense " flu activity Pho : More patients need to be protected by getting flu shots earlier in the season He says one reason the flu is so prevalent is that a main strain is associated with severe illness Pho : Read the headlines and learn from the current flu crisis
MONTREAL , Quebec  CNN  -- Given Montreal 's proximity to substantially-sized American cities -- it 's just over five hours driving from Boston , Massachusetts and Hartford , Connecticut -- you might not think Quebec 's largest city would be so different than these New England metropolises . Old Montreal , seen from a pier at the port , has quaint narrow streets with a slew of restaurants and shops . But in architecture , language , cuisine and culture , Montreal clearly distinguishes itself as a bustling French-flavored center with a modern Canadian accent . Montreal 's convenient subway system and concentrated points of interest also make it a great choice for anyone who does n't have a lot of time to spend away from home . I had the opportunity to visit Montreal for a mere 48 hours earlier this month and found it enough time to experience some of the best of the city . Old Montreal From the look of the shops and the line to see the cathedral in the historic part of the city , it seems Old Montreal gives most of itself to tourists . Still , for the beautiful old-world buildings and expansive port , it 's a must-see . For a break , try one of the ice cream shops or cafes that line the street along the river . If you 're tired of walking , you can rent a Segway on the Clock Tower Pier and even take a Segway tour of the area . But I think it 's worth it to stroll the pier and watch people with their toy sailboats near the clock tower . There are also kiosks selling various knickknacks on the pier near the science museum . See more photos of Montreal " For those looking for impressive old buildings , take some time to experience the Notre-Dame Basilica  110 rue Notre-Dame Ouest  , inaugurated in 1829 . The church 's style is Gothic Revival , and its chapel 's interior was inspired by the Sainte-Chapelle in Paris , France . There is also the grand Hotel de Ville , which is Montreal 's City Hall . The charming narrow streets of the old city light up beautifully in the evening , so be sure to stop back after dinner . Museums Montreal has a slew of museums that cater to many interests . But if you 're only going to spend a couple days there , it 's best to pick just one . For art lovers , there 's the Museum of Contemporary Art  185 , Sainte-Catherine Ouest  and the Museum of Fine Arts  1379 Sherbrooke Ouest  . I went to the Museum of Fine Arts , where a gorgeous array of clothing by Yves Saint Laurent is on display until September 28 . Do n't miss the room of dresses inspired by famous paintings . The designer turned Van Gogh 's sunflowers into shimmering sequins , and used white tulle to create the softness of Renoir 's brush strokes . The museum also has collections of ancient artifacts like Greek vases and Egyptian mummies . History buffs can check out the Museum of Archaeology and History . There is also an environment-themed museum inside the Biosphere , the world 's largest geodesic dome , which was part of Expo ' 67 . If none of the above appeals to you , visit the Montreal Science Centre , currently showing an exhibition called "  The Science of Aliens . " If you have time , you can even see an IMAX journey on the Colorado River and the Grand Canyon -- I personally skipped this , since it did n't seem particularly Quebecois . Nature Forming a picturesque green mound in the background of the city , Mont Royal offers spectacular views of Montreal from above . Visitors can drive up around the park to the lookout point , or walk on foot to admire the trees leading up to the top . This seems like a great place for a picnic if time were n't an issue . McGill University and beyond I am a sucker for pretty college campuses , so I found special pleasure in walking around McGill University behind the main gate on Rue Sherbrooke . The path through the downtown campus leads up to the Arts Building , the oldest building on campus . The university also has a science museum of its own , which serves as a research institution in evolution . If you plan ahead , you can even take a guided historical tour of the campus by contacting the university a week in advance . Climbing up the hill behind the main building , I came to a fairytale-like castle , complete with turrets and Gothic stone , situated on the slope of Mont Royal . Then I read the sign : Royal Victoria Hospital  687 Pine Avenue Ouest  . Huh ! There is something strangely comforting about knowing that , if you get seriously ill , you 'd have a room in a place that looks like it 's for royalty . Shopping You can easily satisfy all souvenir needs in Old Montreal . But for more SoHo-style clothes shopping , check out the boutiques on Rue Crescent . Rue St. Denis also has a reputation for trendiness , and the main street , Ste. Catherine , has a slew of shops for clothes , books , music , and more , and is home to the department store Ogilvy  1307 rue Sainte-Catherine Ouest  . Beneath all of this , Montreal has a unique system called the Underground City , passages of shops that connect multilevel-malls and other attractions so you never have to feel a raindrop on a gloomy day . Again , pick and choose wisely according to your interests and time constraints . Nightlife Rue Crescent is alive at night with bars and clubs , but do n't miss Montreal 's outdoor music festivals and events in the open air . I was there for Les FrancoFolies , a celebration of French music that drew thousands of people to stages set up around the center of the city . The famous Club Soda hosts concerts of all kinds , with big names like the Dandy Warhols  September 14  and Quebec-based groups like The Lost Fingers  September 6  . After dancing inside or out , I highly recommend the strawberry-banana daiquiri at Tres Amigos  1657 rue Ste-Catherine  . Where to eat For breakfast , dessert , or really any meal , a crepe from Paris Crepes  corner of Crescent and Ste. Catherine  will suffice . The mouthwatering "  strawberry cheesecake crepe " consists of fresh strawberries , chocolate syrup , and what appears to be pieces of cheesecake mashed up into gooey goodness . If you 're willing to spend a few extra loonies -- that 's what Quebecers call their dollar coins -- enjoy a hearty Italian meal at Il Cortile  1442 rue Sherbrooke Ouest  in a quaint courtyard with colorful flowers hanging from terraces above . No trip to Canada is complete without poutine , a dish of French fries smothered in sauce and topped with lots of cheese . The city has many places where you will find this staple in at least a dozen forms , for vegetarians and meat-lovers alike . One reliable 24-hour restaurant specializing in poutine is La Banquise  994 rue Rachel Est  , not far from the Mont Royal metro stop . Art on the street About an hour before I left for the airport , I happened to pass a crowd of fascinating people -- or rather , a sculpture of a crowd of fascinating people -- at the corner of Rue Sherbrooke and Ave McGill College . The spectators of "  Illuminated Crowd " by Raymond Mason have come together for some reason , but why ? And why do some appear terribly frightened , and others perhaps more hopeful ? In your frenzied wanderings through the city , it 's worth a minute to walk around it and reflect .	Montreal is a little more than a five-hour drive from major New England cities Old Montreal has beautiful European-style buildings and borders the port McGill University has a beautiful campus in front of Mont Royal Poutine , a dish of French fries with sauce and cheese , is a well-known snack
CNN  -- A suspect fired his gun inside the University of New Mexico Hospital in Albuquerque Tuesday , but no one was injured , the university and police said . Police identified the apparent gunman as Cesar Dominguez-Garcia , 21 . Witnesses told officers that a female patient was with her child when the woman 's boyfriend entered the room , police said . The couple began to argue . During the altercation , the suspect pulled out a small handgun and purposefully fired it , according to a statement from the Albuquerque Police Department . He then fled . Video shows the man leaving the hospital about an hour later , said police , adding that the search for the suspect continues . "  They confirm one person was in the hospital and shot his gun inside the hallway , but no one was injured , " said Cindy Foster , a spokeswoman for the UNM Health Sciences Center . The university lifted a lockdown order it had previously issued for all personnel in the central and northern portions of the campus .	NEW : Police identify the suspect as Cesar Dominguez-Garcia , 21 The lockdown is lifted after the suspect leaves the hospital Police say the search continues No one is reported injured
CNN  -- European foreign ministers said Monday that they would loosen travel restrictions on senior members of the Myanmar government in recognition of the Southeast Asian country 's recent efforts at political reform after decades of military rule . Describing the Myanmar government 's program of changes as "  remarkable , " the foreign ministers said they had decided to suspend a visa ban on the country 's president , vice presidents , Cabinet members and speakers of Parliament . The European Union ministers met in Brussels to discuss Myanmar and other issues . In recent weeks , the Myanmar regime has pardoned hundreds of political prisoners , approved the participation of the pro-democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi and her party in April elections and pledged to pursue a peace deal with an ethnic rebel group . Western governments have applauded the effort , with the United States announcing this month that it would exchange ambassadors with Myanmar for the first time since 1988 . That came after a visit to the country last month by Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , the first top U.S. diplomat in the nation in more than five decades . Top European officials have followed in Clinton 's footsteps , including the foreign ministers of Britain and France . And on Tuesday , Pakistan said that President Asif Ali Zardari was leaving for a two-day visit to Myanmar , where he would meet government leaders and Suu Kyi . Myanmar has been ruled by a military junta since 1962 , but the generals are loosening their grip on the country after coming under criticism for their human rights record and as the economy suffered from economic sanctions . Thein Sein , a former general , became president in March 2011 after elections that were criticized by democracy activists . But his rapid introduction of reforms has raised hopes of a lasting improvement in civil liberties within the country . The EU ministers on Monday called the suspension of the visa ban on Sein and other officials "  a first step " that could be followed by a "  further easing " of restrictions in the coming months . The lifting of more restrictive measures is dependent on the Myanmar government following through on its commitment to "  continue and complete these reforms , " the ministers said , "  notably by the unconditional release of the remaining political prisoners within the next few months and by the free and fair conduct " of the parliamentary by-elections in April . The ministers also drew attention to the commitment by Sein 's government to address "  the ethnic conflicts through an inclusive political process . " The government earlier this month reached a cease-fire with the Karen National Union . The largely Christian Karen have been fighting in the country 's eastern jungles for greater rights since the nation 's independence from Britain in 1948 . Karen leaders and activists said when the cease-fire was signed that it was too early to gauge whether peace would take hold . Other ethnic minorities in Myanmar , such as the Shan , are also at odds with the country 's government .	EU foreign ministers praise Myanmar 's "  remarkable " political reforms They say they have decided to suspend a visa ban on senior Myanmar officials That "  first step " could be followed by further easing of restrictions , the ministers say The Pakistani president will be the latest in a string of foreign officials to visit the country
Istanbul  CNN  -- Relations between once strategic allies Israel and Turkey continued to deteriorate Monday as both countries exchanged allegations that their nationals were targeted for intrusive and overly extreme security screening at each other 's main international airports . Some 40 Israelis who landed in Istanbul 's Ataturk airport Monday morning were individually questioned by Turkish authorities according to Israeli Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Ilana Stein . She said it was the first time such an incident had occurred with Israelis nationals flying into Turkey . Another Foreign Ministry official , Yigal Palmor told CNN that Israel was still looking into the incident and seeking clarification as to who gave the instructions for the Israeli passengers to undergo enhanced screening . Speaking to Israeli news portal Ynet one of the detained Israeli passengers said they were asked a series of questions about their travel and instructed to open their bags and show the contents of their computers . "  They apparently got an order to detain us , one by one . Everyone was in shock ; we did n't know what they were going to do to us . Obviously this was done intentionally in order to create an unpleasant feeling " one of the unidentified passengers told Ynet . Another passenger described Turkish authorities specifically identifying Israelis for screening : "  As soon as they saw an Israeli , they told him to move on to questioning . All the Israelis were together and they accumulated the passports in one file ... I have never seen them behaving in such disrespect . " A Turkish Foreign Ministry official , speaking on condition of anonymity following diplomatic protocol , would not respond directly to the charges that Israeli passengers were specifically targeted for increased scrutiny , but he pointed out that Turkish passengers leaving Israel were subjected to more intense screening the day before in Tel Aviv 's international airport . "  Turkish passengers on the Turkish Airlines flight from Tel Aviv were searched in an unusual manner ... and complaints were filed , " the Turkish official told CNN . "  On the return of the flight to Istanbul it seems Turkish police have just kept and delayed some passengers for passport control , no questioning , " he added . "  They were scrutinized in a different matter I guess . In a different manner than the usual , " the Turkish official told CNN , but he denied that there was some kind of "  tit-for-tat " treatment of passengers taking place . In report published Monday in the semi-official Anatolian Agency members of a group of Turkish tourists claimed they were forced to undergo additional security screening at Israel 's Ben Gurion airport on Sunday as they were preparing to leave Israel . One male Turkish passenger identified by the last name "  Teke " described being asked a series of detailed personal questions followed by a forced strip search in a special security room . "  They forced me to undo my trousers . While I was getting out angrily , I saw that they were taking some Turkish women in these rooms the same way . This made us even more upset . They only did this to the Turks . They only took Turks to the special rooms , " Teke told Anatolian . Eyup Ensar Ugur , the guide for a Turkish tourist group told CNN Israeli airport security singled out Turkish passengers shortly after they checked in their bags at Ben Gurion airport . "  It was mostly psychological . Their search was very detailed right down to a pack of tissues . They were taking out even dirty clothes as they opened suitcases , " Ugur said . "  They took us in special rooms for a body search ... the situation lasted at least three hours . It was very unnecessary . It was as if they received an order to delay the process , to bother the people . " Palmor could not comment on the allegations telling CNN that other than media reports Israel had received no official complaint from either the Turkish government or Turkish citizens . Complaints about excessive security screening and profiling at Israel 's Ben Gurion airport are common and have lead to a number of high profile controversies involving foreigners and Palestinians travelling in and out of Israel . The respective airport incidents come on the heels of Ankara 's announcement Friday , that it would expel the Israeli ambassador and other high-ranking diplomats stationed in Turkey within a matter of days . Turkey downgraded relations following Israel 's refusal to apologize for the killing of eight Turks and one Turkish-American during an Israeli assault on the Turkish flagged ship Mavi Marmara in 2010 . The ship had sailed for Gaza carrying supplies and pro-Palestinian activists seeking to break the Israeli maritime blockade of Gaza . The blockade was imposed , according to the Israeli military , to prevent the smuggling of weapons to the Hamas-ruled coastal enclave . A United Nations investigation into the violent maritime event found that the Israeli blockade of Gaza was a "  legitimate security measure " in compliance with international law , but it said that Israel had used "  excessive and unreasonable " force in the takeover of the ship . Israel insists that its soldiers acted in self-defence after being assaulted by the Turkish activists . Istanbul is a popular transit hub for many Israelis traveling to and from Israel . Turkish Airlines flies daily flights between Istanbul 's Ataturk Airport and Israel 's Ben Gurion Airport in Tel Aviv . CNN 's Izzy Lemberg and Kevin Flower reported from Israel ; CNN 's Yesim Comert and Ivan Watson reported from Turkey .	Some 40 Israelis complain they were singled out in Istanbul A Turkish group says they were singled out at Tel Aviv Relations between Israel and Turkey have been deteriorating Israel refuses to apologize for a raid in which nine Turks died
EW.com  -- Guess who 's coming for Thanksgiving dinner ? Sarah Silverman and Jeff Goldblum have booked seats at the table for FX 's "  The League . " They 'll join a Thanksgiving episode of the comedy series , with Silverman playing Andre 's  Paul Scheer  sister and Jeff Goldblum as Ruxin 's  Nick Kroll  father . "  Sarah and Jeff are funny and fearless enough to play Andre 's sister and Ruxin 's father , " said League co-creators Jeff Schaffer and Jackie Marcus Schaffer . "  And they did n't flinch when we told them all of the crazy things they 'd be doing with our cast . Fools ! " Silverman was seen earlier this year in a guest star role on CBS ' "  The Good Wife . " Since wrapping up "  Law & Order : Criminal Intent , " Goldblum has been on Adult Swim 's "  NTSF : SD : SUV . " See the full article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Sarah Silverman and Jeff Goldblum join a Thanksgiving episode Silverman playing Andre 's  Paul Scheer  sister Jeff Goldblum as Ruxin 's  Nick Kroll  father
CNN  -- Twitter has officially banned pornographic content on Vine , its year-old social-video service . The company announced the changes to its rules and terms of service on Thursday and will begin enforcing them immediately . Just days after Vine 's official launch in January of last year , reports surfaced about the presence of porn on Vine , a service for sharing 6-second long videos on Twitter and with other Vine users . It quickly became a popular spot for short clips of sexually explicit content , some posted by well-known porn stars . For the past year , there have been no official rules against pornographic videos , though the company worked to keep them out of the public eye by suppressing them in highly visible places like its Editor 's Picks and most popular lists . It did raise the minimum age for using Vine from 12 years old to 17 years old . The new rating in Apple 's App Store meant Vine carried a disclaimer that warned of "  frequent/intense sexual content or nudity . " After the initial flurry of concern , the dark corner of Vine was mostly forgotten about by people who were n't actively seeking out salacious content , at least until last month , when a young man rose to temporary Internet fame when he filmed himself being intimate with a Pop Tart and then a Hot Pocket . He posted the videos to Vine , though they were quickly taken down . The timing is likely a coincidence . Twitter said the change in policy is just a matter of the type of content that fits with the Vine community . "  As we 've watched the community and your creativity grow and evolve , we 've found that there 's a very small percentage of videos that are not a good fit for our community , " the company said in a post announcing the new rules . The new rules forbid videos of sex acts , whether they 're alone , with other people or with objects . Sexually explicit animations and nudity are also forbidden . However , Twitter is not blocking all nudity . It makes exceptions for any nudity that is documentary , artistic or educational . For example , breastfeeding photos will still be allowed , as will shots of "  nude protesters . " Sexually suggestive content is also still welcome , as long as it 's clothed . Twitter is not assembling a full-time Vine porn enforcement task force . The content will largely be flagged by other Vine members using the "  Report this post " option . Anyone who violates the new rules will have their account suspended until they delete the offending Vine . Repeat posters might have their account permanently suspended . Twitter will contact the users who have already uploaded large volumes of naughty Vines and ask them to remove the old content . "  We 're notifying users who have posted explicit sexual content in the past that they have a period to either take down or download their existing content using a new tool we 've created , " a Twitter spokesperson said . That tool is only available for past porn posters for now .	Twitter is banning sexually explicit content on its Vine social-video tool The year-old Vine allows users to post 6-second videos Anyone who violates the new rules will have their account suspended
CNN  -- This past week , at "  town hall " meetings in Florida , North Carolina , Virginia and New Hampshire , a group of Republican senators sounded alarms about disasters that will befall local economies should the threat of more than $ 500 billion in defense cuts over the next decade become a reality in January . To his credit , the group 's leader , Sen. John McCain of Arizona , admitted that Congress should take some of the blame for creating this situation . But that was a rare recognition of reality at town halls that were more like a Republican version of the mythical Potemkin villages : fake towns hastily put together by Russian Minister Grigory Potemkin to impress the visiting empress . The real purpose of the GOP 's Potemkin town halls ? To redefine Congress ' unfinished task of deficit reduction as an Obama administration leadership failure that has put both national security and swing-state jobs at risk by playing games with defense spending . The road to these town halls began in Washington a year ago with a congressional vote that was needed to raise the debt ceiling and avoid U.S. default on a debt that has skyrocketed since 2000 . House Republicans , shackled by a tea party ball-and-chain , turned the vote into a heated debate on spending cuts . The ensuing legislative battle led not to meaningful deficit reduction but to the Budget Control Act of 2011 . It 's an 11th-hour "  Hail Mary " legislation that raised the debt ceiling -- and kicked the deficit can down the road by one year . The Budget Control Act mandated $ 917 billion in federal spending cuts over a 10-year period , including some $ 487 billion in defense cuts . But that was n't all . The centerpiece was a different kind of act : A high-wire act called "  sequestration . " Sequestration is a trigger . It 's scheduled to be pulled in early January -- unleashing $ 1.2 trillion in additional cuts , half in defense , half in other domestic spending , unless Congress agrees on an alternate plan . Almost no Democrat or Republican wants to make these sequestration cuts because they will have significant and negative consequences for national security and for domestic spending , affecting millions of Americans . In fact , almost no one who voted for this legislation ever thought these cuts would actually be made . The Budget Control Act of 2011 was intended to provide breathing space and to buy time . Sequestration was added to force a congressional "  supercommittee " to come up with a deficit deal late last year , "  or else . " But the supercommittee was as divided as the Congress that created it ; Congress could n't come up with a solution , and it was no real surprise that the supercommittee could n't either . McCain and his swing-state town hall team were right in framing the consequences : If the trigger is pulled , sequestration will have immediate and negative impact on millions of Americans . This includes not just U.S. troops , defense industry civilians and local bases . It also includes schools and Head Start participants , struggling families for whom child care support is critical , unemployed workers who need job training programs -- all would lose out in the nondefense portion of sequestration . But the senators were disingenuous in exhorting their audiences to "  demand presidential leadership " to avoid falling off the fiscal cliff in January -- and wrong to imply that the president has been AWOL on the issue , leaving national security and jobs at risk . President Barack Obama has made clear he does n't want to see these cuts happen next year . Defense Secretary Leon Panetta has repeatedly declared that sequestration defense cuts -- coming on top of the 10-year , $ 487 billion in defense cuts that start next year -- would have disastrous consequences for our national security . Obama has been at the table since last summer trying to prevent this by reaching a bipartisan agreement on deficit reduction . He laid out a detailed plan to reduce the deficit by more than $ 4 trillion over the next decade -- a plan that would bring annual domestic spending to its lowest level as a share of the economy since President Dwight D. Eisenhower and would require less in defense cuts than recommended by the bipartisan Simpson-Bowles Commission . But the president calls for a balanced approach that includes spending cuts and investment revenue . His proposed spending cuts outweigh the proposed additional revenue by more than double . But it 's the investment revenue which has been the deal-breaker for most Republicans . In fact , that 's the major reason that sequestration includes the $ 500 billion in defense spending cuts : Faced with their own Hobson 's choice of putting at risk either the defense budget or continued tax breaks for the wealthy , Congressional Republicans grimaced -- and threw defense into the cauldron to protect the tax breaks . It seems clear that the political brinksmanship will continue until Republicans and Democrats in Congress figure out how to do what military and civilian leaders at the Pentagon had to do this past year in addressing the initial $ 487 billion in defense cuts : Namely , tie spending to the national interest and do so recognizing "  we 're all in this together . " Obama ordered the Pentagon to devise a plan ensuring that national security priorities would guide and frame spending decisions , rather than the other way around ; and ensuring that the U.S. military would remain the strongest and best in the world to protect and defend U.S. national interests . The generals , admirals and civilian leaders did just that . All had a stake in the outcome and recognized the world had changed . All were involved throughout in shaping the plan . All recognized that pet projects and sacred cows had to meet the tests of commonly defined national security priorities or be reduced or jettisoned . All understood that to succeed in keeping the country safe and secure , they needed not just to cut in some areas but to invest in others , and that having the best and strongest military in the world was not really synonymous with continuing to spend unlimited billions . All made difficult individual decisions in the belief that they were all in this together , and they have spoken publicly and privately in support of the strategic framework they developed to guide defense spending decisions over the next decade . Maybe instead of holding political Potemkin town halls in swing states about the dangers that sequestration poses for the Pentagon , we should ask congressional leaders to take lessons from the Pentagon on how to work together to prevent it from happening . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Doug Wilson .	Doug Wilson : GOP distorting reality behind Pentagon cuts that could be triggered in January "  Sequestration " will start $ 1.2 trillion in cuts , with half of that in defense Wilson : GOP blames looming disaster on Obama , but it was a delaying tactic by Congress Obama does n't want these harmful sequestration cuts and has alternative plans , he says
Rapper Gucci Mane will serve 39 months in prison after pleading guilty Tuesday to a federal firearms charge . The plea agreement worked out with prosecutors saves Gucci Mane , 33 , whose real name is Radric Davis , considerable time behind bars . He was facing up to 20 years in prison and a fine of up to $ 500,000 on two counts of possessing a firearm as a felon after a pair of September incidents in which he reportedly showed a gun and threatened police . Both came on the same week that Atlantic Records reportedly dropped his recording contract . "  On September 12 , 2013 , Davis , who was a felon at the time , was found in possession of a firearm , " a federal prosecutor 's news release said . "  Then , just two days later , on September 14th , he again possessed a firearm different from the earlier gun . On both occasions , Davis displayed the loaded firearm , acted erratically , and made threats to individuals , including police and his attorney . " Davis has had numerous brushes with the law . In 2012 , Davis was arrested for hitting a man over the head with a champagne bottle at an Atlanta nightclub . The man told police the incident occurred after he tried to strike up a conversation with the rapper . In 2010 , he was arrested in Atlanta for violating a number of traffic laws , but the charges were dismissed . In 2005 , Davis was charged with murder in the shooting death of a man , but the charge was dropped because of insufficient evidence . "  The criminal history of the defendant , Radric Davis shows a complete and utter disregard for the lives of others as well as for their personal pursuits , " Aladino Ortiz with the Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives said Tuesday . Sentencing is scheduled for July 28 .	Rapper pleads guilty to a federal firearms charge Prosecutor : Charges stem from two September incidents involving different guns Gucci Mane was arrested in 2012 and accused of hitting a man with a bottle Sentencing is scheduled for July 28
CNN  -- Feasting on turkey aside , brace yourself for that other Thanksgiving ritual : joining a nationwide mad dash to make it to a family gathering and back in a journey that can exasperate even the most seasoned traveler . If you 're flying for the holiday , expect lots of company and few airfare deals . "  The airlines have eliminated tens of thousands of seats due to consolidation and just plain old capacity cuts and  they 're  using smaller planes , " said George Hobica , president of Airfarewatchdog.com . "  So there are going to be fewer seats . " It 's also a bit trickier to book flights for Thanksgiving than Christmas because so many travelers want to fly in such a small window of time : four days versus two weeks for many people who save vacation time for the big holiday in December . The sputtering economy is n't keeping Americans from making the annual trek for Thanksgiving , said Melissa Klurman , contributing editor for Travelocity . Those who will be flying over the holiday will pay $ 376 on average for a domestic ticket , or about 4 % more than at the same time last year , according to Travelocity . Here are five tips to make your journey a smoother one . 1 . Book your tickets now Last-minute sales are n't likely for one of the most popular times of the year to fly and seat maps are filling up quickly . "  Do n't delay : Prices are not going to go down between now and Thanksgiving , " Klurman said . "  Not only do you have a better chance of getting lower airfare , but also  better  seats . You can book your seat when you book your airfare . So if you do n't want to be in the middle of the last row -- the early bird gets the window seat in that case . " If you 're flying with someone for Thanksgiving , the chances of sitting together on the plane are also higher if you book early , Hobica said . 2 . Look into alternate airports Sometimes , it pays to look into flying in and out of airports that may be less convenient than your closest option . So you may find a cheaper flight out of Allentown , Pennsylvania , than Philadelphia , for example , Hobica said . Be especially flexible if you 're in a major city like New York , where there are several airports in the area , Klurman said . Travelocity allows fliers to search alternate airports when they 're pricing itineraries . 3 . Consider flying on Thanksgiving Day Travelers who choose to fly out on the Monday before Thanksgiving and fly back on the Sunday after will pay on average $ 213 more than travelers who fly on Thanksgiving Day and come back the next day , Travelocity calculated . Flying on the holiday also means much less crowded airports and planes . "  Have your turkey and then come back on Friday , " Hobica advised . Lest you think it 's impossible to do , Hobica assured that plenty of travelers have successfully gone this route , "  especially if they do n't like their family or if they 're sleeping on the sofa and the sleeping arrangements are n't comfortable , " he said with tongue in cheek . In general , avoid a Sunday return , Travelocity advised . If you are flying on Thanksgiving Day , try to take the first flight out to make sure you make it to dinner . 4 . Give yourself plenty of time Connecting flights are often cheaper , but with the possibility of winter weather causing delays or cancellations over Thanksgiving , you risk a missed connection , Hobica said . He suggests travelers fly nonstop whenever possible , but if you do choose a multistop itinerary , allow lots of time to catch your next flight . If you miss a connection , Travelocity warns that with planes booked solid , it could be a while before your airline is able to book you on another flight . 5 . Consider paying some extra fees to make the trip more comfortable Hobica frequently flies JetBlue and he always pays a fee for seats with extra legroom , an option that comes with access to expedited security lanes and early boarding . The choices vary by airlines , but several , including American and United , let you board early for a fee , thus helping you avoid the epic struggle for overhead bin space . It may be worth paying this extra charge during peak travel times , like Thanksgiving , to make the journey saner , Hobica said . Another , more expensive option is to splurge for an airport lounge day pass , which can cost $ 30 - $ 50 . "  If you only fly once a year , sometimes the day passes are worthwhile , especially if your flight is delayed , " Hobica said . "  They have free drinks in most of the lounges , snacks and shorter lines if you have to rebook your flight . ... It just makes the whole experience a bit more pleasant when you treat yourself well and get the perks . "	Book your Thanksgiving flights as soon as possible for best fares and seats Travelocity : Average domestic ticket will cost $ 376 , or about 4 % more than last Thanksgiving Consider flying on Thanksgiving Day and try to avoid a Sunday return Some extra fees may be worth paying to make the trip more comfortable
CNN  -- The North Pole may be briefly ice-free by September as global warming melts away Arctic sea ice , according to scientists from the National Snow and Ice Data Center in Boulder , Colorado . "  We kind of have an informal betting pool going around in our center and that betting pool is ` does the North Pole melt out this summer ? ' and it may well , " said the center 's senior research scientist , Mark Serreze . It 's a 50-50 bet that the thin Arctic sea ice , which was frozen in autumn , will completely melt away at the geographic North Pole , Serreze said . The ice retreated to a record level in September when the Northwest Passage , the sea route through the Arctic Ocean , opened briefly for the first time in recorded history . "  What we 've seen through the past few decades is the Arctic sea ice cover is becoming thinner and thinner as the system warms up , " Serreze said . Specific weather patterns will determine whether the North Pole 's ice cover melts completely this summer , he said . "  Last year , we had sort of a perfect weather pattern to get rid of ice to open up that Northwest Passage , " Serreze said . "  This year , a different pattern can set up . so maybe we 'll preserve some ice there . We 're in a wait-and-see mode right now . We 'll see what happens . " The brief lack of ice at the top of the globe will not bring any immediate consequences , he said . "  From the viewpoint of the science , the North Pole is just another point in the globe , but it does have this symbolic meaning , " Serreze said . "  There 's supposed to be ice at the North Pole . The fact that we may not have any by the end of this summer could be quite a symbolic change . " Serreze said it 's "  just another indicator of the disappearing Arctic sea ice cover " but that it is happening so soon is "  just astounding to me . " "  Five years ago , to think that we 'd even be talking about the possibility of the North Pole melting out in the summer , I would have never thought it , " he said . The melting , however , has been long seen as inevitable , he said . "  If you talked to me or other scientists just a few years ago , we were saying that we might lose all or most of the summer sea ice cover by anywhere from 2050 to 2100 , " Serreze said . "  Then , recently , we kind of revised those estimates , maybe as early as 2030 . Now , there 's people out there saying it might be even before that . So , things are happening pretty quick up there . " Serreze said those who suggest that the Arctic meltdown is just part of a historic cycle are wrong . "  It 's not cyclical at this point . I think we understand the physics behind this pretty well , " he said . "  We 've known for at least 30 years , from our earliest climate models , that it 's the Arctic where we 'd see the first signs of global warming . "  It 's a situation where we hate to say we told you so , but we told you so , " he said . Serreze said the Arctic sea ice will not be the same for decades . "  If we had a few cold years in a row , we could put sort of a temporary damper on it , but I think at this point going to an ice-free Arctic Ocean is inevitable , " he said . "  I do n't think we can stop that now . " Reduced greenhouse gas emissions could "  cool things down a bit , " he said . "  It would recover fairly quickly , but it 's just not going to happen for a while , " he said . "  I think we 're committed at this point . " There are some positive aspects to the ice melting , he said . Ships could use the Northwest Passage to save time and energy by no longer having to travel through the Panama Canal or around Cape Horn . "  There 's also , or course , oil at the bottom of the Arctic Ocean , " he said . "  Now , the irony of that is kind of clear , but the fact that we are opening up the Arctic Ocean does make it more accessible . " The U.S. National Snow and Ice Data Center Web site , NSIDC.org , publishes a near-real-time image of the Arctic sea ice cover .	Ice retreated to a record level last fall when the Northwest Passage opened briefly Weather patterns will determine whether the ice cover melts completely this summer Scientists say the Arctic meltdown is not part of a historic cycle
CNN  -- Popular Japanese racer Kamui Kobayashi is back in Formula One with the Caterham team -- and fan power has helped him return to the grid . After losing his drive with the Sauber team at the end of 2012 , Kobayashi turned to crowdfunding and asked fans to donate cash in an online campaign to help him pay for a seat in F1 . The 27-year-old explained on the "  Support Kamui " website that he was too late to find a drive ahead of the 2013 season but pledged : "  I will save all the money for 2014 . " Patience has paid off as Kobayashi and Swedish rookie Marcus Eriksson have been named as Caterham 's race drivers for the looming 2014 season . "  I want to give special thanks to all the fans who have made donations to Kamui Support , " Kobayashi said . "  Their donations and gestures gave me extra strength to come back fighting and I am very pleased that the money they raised not only helped me but will now go to helping Caterham progress this year . "  Every single one of you who helped with Kamui Support will race with me in 2014 and that makes me very proud . "  It 's a great feeling to be back as an F1 race driver . " Kobayashi made his F1 debut with the Toyota team in 2009 before joining the Sauber team , with whom he won his maiden podium in F1 at the 2012 Japanese Grand Prix . He quickly gained a cult status in F1 because of his attacking driving style on track and his quirky lifestyle off track . During his Sauber days Kobayashi , who is the son of a sushi chef from Amagasaki , claimed that he did not have a home but lived out of suitcase travelling the world . Caterham have chosen the ice cool Swede Ericsson to partner Kobayashi . The 23-year-old impressed with his performances in last season 's GP2 Series , the official feeder championship for young drivers aspiring to race F1 's global stage . "  This is a very proud day for me and everyone who has helped make my F1 dream come true , " said Ericsson . "  It 's obviously great for Sweden that we 'll have a Swedish driver back on the grid in 2014 . This is what I 've been working for since I first started racing karts back when I was nine years old , and now I know I 'm ready for the step up to F1 . "  Caterham is a young team and together we can take on the challenges the new rules will present in 2014 - learning together and continuing to develop as the season progresses . " The 22 drivers on the grid must grapple with major changes in the 2014 season , which begins in Australia on 16 March . With a reconfigured engine and chassis to consider , as well as new fuel and weight limits , F1 teams will be working flat out to get their cars ready for testing which begins in Spain next week . McLaren will be the first team to launch its new-look 2014 car in an online presentation Friday with Ferrari set to follow on Saturday .	Kamui Kobayashi returns to Formula One with the Caterham team in 2014 The popular Japanese racer raised funds from fans to help pay for his drive "  Every single one of you will race with me in 2014 , " he tells fans Sweden 's Marcus Eriksson will make his F1 debut with Caterham in 2014
CNN  -- That North Korean leader Kim Jong Un won his first parliamentary election with a clear 100 % of the vote might not be remarkable , but who he chose to cast his vote with certainly has sparked interest amongst Korea-watchers . Kim was accompanied to a polling station at Kim Il Sung University of Politics by his younger sister Kim Yo Jong , in what was her first official appearance . The state-managed parliamentary election was the first "  election " for Kim , who is the third leader in a dynastic lineage that has ruled the Stalinist state since 1948 . Critics have discounted North Korea 's electoral process as a political show to legitimize the country 's rubber stamp parliament , given that there is only one named candidate for each electoral district . Unanimous vote , 100 % turnout The country 's Central Election Committee released a report that Kim was unanimously elected as Deputy to the Supreme People 's Assembly  SPA  of the DPRK , with 100 % turnout . On March 13 , state media quoted a Foreign Ministry spokesman as saying : "  All its citizens of the DPRK took part in the election to consolidate as firm as a rock the people 's power chosen by themselves , fully enjoying their rights as the genuine masters of the state and society , and voted for the candidates with loyalty and patriotism . " The spokesman criticized a U.S. State Department spokesman 's "  impudent " comment that North Korea 's election process was undemocratic . "  This is nothing but a ridiculous jargon of those who can not understand the advantageous election system of the DPRK as they are engrained with repugnance toward the Korean-style socialist system , " he said . "  The U.S. had better feel ashamed of the American-style election which decides everything with fraud and swindle and its dollar-almighty election system in which a duck on a pond can be a president if it has money , and mind its own affairs before impudently finding fault with others . " Daniel Pinkston , Deputy Project Director , North East Asia for the International Crisis Group , told CNN that Kim Yo Jong 's presence by Kim 's side was politically significant . "  Recently over the past year there have been these glimpses of her in public and rumors about her position in the party , " he said . "  It 's an event to introduce her . " Kim Yo Jong 's presence as a "  senior official of the Party Central Committee " may point to a generational power shift , with some speculating that she may be ready to take over her aunt 's role in the upper echelons of North Korea 's political elite . There has been some confusion surrounding the current status of Kim 's aunt , who is also late ruler Kim Jong Il 's sister . South Korean intelligence agencies believe that it may refer to another individual . Waning influence While Kim 's aunt 's name -- Kim Kyong Hui -- appeared on a list of SPA members , a South Korean Unification Ministry spokesperson told CNN there is a possibility she has not been re-elected to the Assembly . "  We can not be 100 % certain if that is her or someone else . We have not been able to confirm and need further verification , " the spokesperson said . Pinkston does not believe that Kim Kyong Hui is likely to suffer the same fate as her husband , Kim Jong Un 's former protector Jang Song Thaek , who was executed as an enemy of the state . "  I think her time is over and that her generation ... her time has passed ... she 's untouchable as part of the family whereas Jang Song Thaek was an outsider .  However  as far as political influence it 's basically over . " Read more : Kim Jong Un lauds purge of executed uncle Read more : Why North Korea probably wo n't change despite damning U.N. report Read more : North Korea launches missiles into sea	North Korean leader Kim Jong Un won his first parliamentary election with 100 % of the vote Who Kim chose to cast his vote with has sparked interest Kim was accompanied to a polling station by his younger sister , Kim Yo Jong Her presence was politically significant , the International Crisis Group told CNN
CNN  -- The ice man cometh . And does so early this year , after a former Pacific typhoon flew up toward the Arctic and rammed the jet stream . The stream has whipped south , dragging down frigid air from Canada over the northern Plains and Mountain States and the Upper Midwest , according to the National Weather Service . It is already plunging temperatures below freezing there and will hammer them into the teens and single digits in many places by midweek , even lower in others . Great Falls , Montana , will shiver at 9 below zero on Tuesday night . It 's the coldest weather of the season , the weather service said . Minneapolis could soon get a foot of snow , the service said , with the Minnesota city experiencing below-freezing temperatures that could last for eight days . Let it snow The snap is forecast to lay down the first broad layer of wintry snow , flurries , sleet or ice -- long before winter starts -- from Montana down to Nebraska and over to Wisconsin . It will accumulate in inches in the northern Rockies , northern Plains and Great Lakes . People farther south will also shiver . "  Much of the nation east of the Rockies is expected to see a major pattern change by the beginning of the work week , " the weather service said . The western Dakotas are also forecast to get significant snow . Lows will drop to freezing in Kansas City late Monday , then into the 20s a night later . The snap will stop short , leaving much of the Deep South and Southwest in a fall-like warm zone . Rain is expected to hit Chicago and Milwaukee on Monday and Tuesday , with a few snowflakes mixed in , according to the service on Sunday afternoon . Courtesy of Nuri Residents in the northern United States can thank a whopping tropical cyclone in the Pacific Ocean for the wintry blast . The remnants of super Typhoon Nuri rolled up north over Alaska 's Aleutian Islands on Friday , kicking off the ripple of Arctic air in the other direction . Nuri is now the strongest known Northern Pacific cyclone on record , according to the National Weather Service Ocean Prediction Center . Its remnants plowed into cold air adding violent energy as it went north , similar to what Superstorm Sandy did in the Atlantic two years ago . That earned it the weather moniker "  bomb cyclone . " CNN meteorologist Todd Borek contributed to this report .	Typhoon Nuri in the Pacific went far north , rammed jet stream That whipped the jet stream southward , dragging Arctic air behind it Temperatures will plunge to teens , single digits by midweek in the North Great Falls , Montana , will shiver at 9 below zero on Tuesday night
LONDON , England  CNN  -- An ill-tempered CONCACAF Gold Cup match between Mexico and Panama recently saw three players and Mexico coach Javier Aguirre sent off amid violent scenes in Houston , Texas . Newcastle teammates Lee Bowyer  left  and Kieron Dyer turn against one-another . The 1-1 draw , which saw the referee add on 10 minutes at the end for all the various stoppages , got Fanzone thinking about some of the most controversial match melees that have occurred . Do you agree with our worst 11 ? Post your comments in the Sound Off box below . 1 The Battle of Santiago , Chile v Italy , World Cup 1962 Surely the most violent match in history . The tone was set when the first foul was committed after 12 seconds . Two Italian players were sent off as the teams spent the whole 90 minutes punching , spitting and scuffling with each other , with Chile managing to score two goals in-between the fighting . Police had to come onto the pitch three times to sort out the chaos while Italian Giorgio Ferrini had to be escorted off by armed officers when he refused to leave the pitch after his dismissal . Referee Ken Aston remarked : "  I was n't reffing a football match , I was acting as an umpire in military maneuvers . " 2 Valencia v Inter Milan , Champions League 2007 Six yellow cards were handed out during the game , but it was events that followed which marred Valencia 's passage through to the quarterfinals . On the final whistle , Inter midfielder Nicolas Burdisso came together with Valencia defender Carlos Marchena , sparking a brawl . Unused Valencia substitute David Navarro then ran onto the field , to join in - the result of which was a broken nose for Burdisso . Navarro , retreated to the sidelines chased and kicked by Inter players Julio Cruz , Ivan Cordoba . The melee continued in the tunnel , with the Spanish Civil Guard eventually needed to quell the problem . UEFA , European football 's governing body , subsequently fined Navarro $ 200,000 and banned the player for eight games , Burdisso was slapped with an eight-match suspension , Maicon for six , Córdoba for three games and Julio Cruz for two . 3 Turkey v Switzerland , World Cup play-off 2006 Violence erupted after Turkey missed a place in the 2006 finals after going out on the away goals rule following a 4-2 win in Istanbul . Players and technical staff were seen throwing punches in the tunnel as the Swiss side ran for their lives against a torrent of Turkish anger . Turkey assistant-coach Mehmet Ozdilek was banned from all football for one year , while two Turkish players , and one Swiss , were handed six-match bans . Turkey were also ordered to play their next six competitive home matches behind closed doors at neutral venues . Have we missed a famous punch-up out ? Leave your suggestions below 4 Manchester United v Arsenal , English Division One 1990 These two rivals have been involved in some juicy encounters over the years , but this is one of the most infamous . Arsenal defender Nigel Winterburn went in late on Manchester United 's Denis Irwin prompting chaos , as 21 players , with Arsenal goalkeeper David Seaman proving the exception , joining in the fracas . Remarkably nobody was sent off but the English Football Association took a dim view and deducted Arsenal two league points and United one . Arsenal won the match 1-0 and still went on to lift the title . 5 France v Italy , World Cup final 2006 The great Zinedine Zidane had led an unfancied and ageing French side to the World Cup final . With the match level in extra time , the attentions of notorious Italian hard-man and chief agitator Marco Materazzi finally proved too much for the France No. 10 - who responded to some choice words by the Inter Milan central defender by turning around and viciously head-butting his rival in the stomach . Zidane was sent off . France eventually lost on penalties and the Real Madrid playmaker bizarrely went on to be voted ` Player of the Tournament ' . 6 Kevin Keegan v Billy Bremner , Liverpool v Leeds Charity Shield 1974 England striker Keegan blamed Bremner for "  taking him out " in an off the ball . Bremner was not one for holding back and Wembley stadium , home of some famous boxing matches over the years , played host to another as these two diminutive players slugged it out like two featherweights challenging for the WBC world title . Unsurprisingly both were sent off and added to their charge list by hurling their tops to the ground and walking off the pitch bare-chested . Each player was fined # 500  $ 810  and banned for 11 games , although shirt-throwing accounted for eight of the matches ! 7 Rudi Voeller v Frank Rijkaard , Netherlands v Germany World Cup 1990 Not the most violent , but certainly one of the funniest . The pair were sniping at each other throughout the match . Rijkaard came in late on Voeller , who later took his revenge with a lunge on goalkeeper Hans van Breukelen . Rijkaard took exception and , after a melee , the pair were sent off , with the Dutchman then notoriously spitting as hard as he could into the German 's curly perm as the disgraced pair left the pitch . 8 Lee Bowyer v Kieron Dyer , Newcastle v Aston Villa English Premier League 2005 Punch-ups are rare in modern football , but between teammates they are non-existent . These two hot-heads got into a debate over Dyer 's refusal to pass Bowyer the ball . Both players had made news for their off-field activities in the past - but they took their behavior to a new low when they exchanged blows in the middle of the Newcastle half soon after Villa had gone 3-0 up . The pair later appeared alongside manager Graeme Souness to apologize for their conduct , but pointedly did not say sorry to each other . 9 LDU Quito v Barcelona , Ecuador league 2006 A mass brawl at the end of the match on the final day of the season shocked Ecuador - and resulted in a host of suspensions being handed out . A total of 11 players were banned for between two and 12 months for taking part in the punch-up which saw four Barcelona players receive injuries . The incident started with a clash between former Ecuador striker Agustin Delgado and his marker Victor Montoya . 10 Cruzeiro v Atletico Mineiro Brazilian league 2007 Atletico Mineiro defender Coelho did not take kindly to the seal dribble of talented teenager Kerlon - who collected the ball on the edge of the penalty area , flicked it up and performed his trademark dribble by bouncing the ball on his head as he ran towards goal . Coelho crashed into him and was given a straight red card and a four-month suspension . Other Atletico players remonstrated angrily with Kerlon , leading to an angry pushing match which interrupted the game for five minutes . Atletico coach Emerson Leao warned that Kerlon could get seriously injured if he tried the trick again . 11 Chelsea v Arsenal English League Cup final 2007 With Chelsea winning 2-1 Arsenal defender Kolo Toure reacted angrily to a late challenge . Both sides had a number of African players in their line-ups and a mass brawl erupted which saw three of them , Arsenal 's Emmanuel Adebayor , Toure and Chelsea 's John Obi Mikel sent off . Adebayor refused to leave the pitch and it needed respective managers - the hot-headed pair of Arsene Wenger and Jose Mourinho - to stride onto the turf and defuse the situation .	Football Fanzone presents a rundown of 11 infamous pitch punch-ups The tension of competition has even seen teammates turn against one-another Let us know what you think by commenting in the Sound Off box
CNN  -- The NBA and the Los Angeles Clippers ' organization may have upstaged Donald Sterling 's latest soundtrack Friday afternoon with the announcement that Richard Parsons , former Citigroup and Time Warner chairman , is the new CEO of the team . The public relations contrast was stark : As the National Basketball Association and the Clippers were moving forward , Donald Sterling 's statements were coming from surreptitiously  or not so surreptitiously  recorded phone conversations . But now , he has spoken out directly in an interview with CNN 's Anderson Cooper . Sterling says in that interview that he was "  baited " into making his controversial statements . And he makes the argument that he should n't be thrown out of the NBA . "  I 'm a good member who made a mistake and I 'm apologizing and I 'm asking for forgiveness , " he said . "  Am I entitled to one mistake , am I after 35 years ? I mean , I love my league , I love my partners . Am I entitled to one mistake ? It 's a terrible mistake , and I 'll never do it again . " Sterling is not the only party suffering from this controversy . The NBA stands at the beginning of what will certainly be a protracted legal and procedural battle , one that will cost untold millions . It also will embroil the NBA in an unwanted controversy for years to come . Having a chief executive of Parsons ' stature in control of the team may help the league gain an advantage as a battle over the team 's ownership starts to play out , but the NBA 's road ahead still will not be easy . But the NBA asked for this . The fact that players and the public largely supported the league will be of little solace to the NBA when it is paying legal fees for years to come . The legal fees may be the cost of doing business , but if banning and fining Sterling would have been adequate , this was an avoidable cost . The NBA 's response to the Sterling controversy is a cautionary tale against meting out hasty , summary punishment . Here 's why : The NBA likely had the authority to unilaterally fine Sterling as it did . It also appears to have had the authority to ban him from his team for life . If Commissioner Adam Silver had stopped there , Sterling might have been effectively vanquished , because the decisions of the commissioner are shielded from review by a court . For the privilege of joining the National Basketball Association , owners contractually give up certain legal rights and remedies . Fining and banning Sterling was probably well within the jurisdiction of the NBA . But in seeking to "  max out " Sterling 's sentence by forcing him to sell the team , the NBA is forging new legal territory , and doing so at a price . Sure , there are catch-all provisions of the NBA 's rules that ostensibly allow for ouster of an owner who brings harm to the league , but the ouster rules on the whole appear designed for dealing with teams and owners suffering economic or management problems , like failing to make payroll -- not for owners who were private bigots . There will be an answer to the ultimate question of whether the NBA can legally oust Sterling . We just do n't know what it is yet . The league and Sterling can purchase an answer to that question , at the cost of years of litigation and untold fortunes in legal fees . Moreover , if the NBA 's objective was to distance itself from Sterling , they have done the opposite . After years of prolonged public litigation , they will cling to each other as two spent swimmers , choking their own business interests in the process . Early on , Silver made clear that the punitive measures were directed at Sterling , not at other members of his family . With this blessing , estranged wife Shelly Sterling has injected herself as a blame-free alternative owner . But does she have an ownership interest in the team ? Determining true ownership of this team will be a Gordian Knot of litigation : First , there is the issue of whether the NBA can oust an owner where actual "  ownership " is disputed . If the team is held in trust , as reported by the Los Angeles Times , and not by a single owner in Sterling , that changes the contours of ownership . A trust is a legal entity in which property  like a team  is held for the benefit of other persons . It 's a protective device , designed for situations just like this : where a beneficiary of a trust is attacked , the property can not be reached because the beneficiary does not actually "  own " the property -- even though he may receive payments or otherwise profit from the property . The complexity does n't end there , though . Even without a trust , in California , spouses acquire interests in family businesses when distributing property in a divorce . But that is only a general rule , and who knows what default rules Donald Sterling has attempted to deal with by contract ? One thing is for sure , whether it 's the NBA , Shelly , or Donald Sterling , each party will mount a different legal argument concerning ownership based upon their own best interests . Determining the "  owner " of the Clippers will be a hodgepodge of legal issues worthy of the bar exam : divorce law , corporate dissolution , trusts and estates law . For now , Shelly Sterling is a cause for concern for the NBA , the other owners , and her own husband . She has leverage , possibly even 50 % ownership of the team . The NBA owners must be longing for the "  good old days " when their biggest problems were contract disputes and torn ACLs . We can only guess at the individual owners ' respective positions at the moment Silver handed down verdict and sentence against Sterling . Now , the commissioner has placed the onus on the owners : They have the burden of deciding whether to oust one of their own . It is a Hobson 's Choice , which is no choice at all : Even if the owners are privately sympathetic to Sterling , an owner who dares to defend the embattled Clippers owner commits social seppuku . On the other hand , NBA owners are independent thinkers and independently wealthy ; if anyone can weather criticism , it 's these captains of industry . Mark Cuban has already publicly observed that "  people are allowed to be morons . " Whether the owners ultimately cast their ballots for or against Sterling , all of these owners would rather be somewhere else . Public perception aside , the owners have other concerns : If this case goes to litigation , expect broad-reaching discovery demands and subpoenas for sensitive documents and information . This case is a minefield for them , with no real upside . At the moment , there appear to be a few winners in the Sterling controversy . Kia , CarMax , State Farm Insurance and Virgin America are just some of the companies that pulled advertising from the Clippers after the first tapes were revealed . Ironically , they garnered more buzz by not spending money advertising than they would have by actually spending money on advertising . It 's the ultimate win-win , and it 's not over yet . As long as someone else spends the time and money to excise Donald Sterling from the Clippers , the sponsors will have a second photo op . They will return triumphantly to advertising with the team , and take partial credit for the brave stance against one offensive octogenarian -- a stance that did n't actually require them to do , or spend , anything . Heading into the weekend , the advantage is with Shelly Sterling -- who may have a valid claim to ownership -- the NBA , and Parsons , the highly credentialed , newly anointed CEO . Donald Sterling 's next moves will be interesting , though his first moves should be away from the telephone -- at least for now .	NBA named Richard Parsons as new CEO of the LA Clippers Danny Cevallos says NBA is moving ahead while Sterling speaks out in Anderson Cooper interview He says the NBA is at beginning of a long and perhaps difficult road to oust Sterling as owner Cevallos : League clearly had authority to fine and ban Sterling
CNN  This year , high school students taking Advanced Placement U.S. history in some parts of the country are getting a lesson in current affairs . And in partisanship . The College Board , which creates standards for what knowledge students in AP classes must demonstrate to get college credit for taking the course , introduced a new 95-page framework that is causing controversy . Not for what 's in it , but for what is left out . Conservative school board members in several states say it 's biased and not patriotic enough . They complain that the new framework does not mention important facts and figures , like the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. or the Founding Fathers and Declaration of Independence . King is mentioned in the guidelines , as are the Black Panthers , but the woman who started the movement against the framework says it 's not about specific examples , but what she believes to be a liberal theme . The College Board , backed by many teachers , says that a framework does n't dictate curriculum , it only guides it . And that it 's absurd to conclude that teachers would n't teach such important issues as part of American history . Proponents of the new framework argue it was written by professors and historians who are much more qualified to set standards than local school board members . Each side is accusing the other of playing politics with American History . In several states , including Oklahoma , Georgia , Nebraska , North Carolina , Tennessee and Texas , conservatives have introduced proposals to revise the framework to include specific facts , and to make sure that it promotes American exceptionalism , or to withdraw funding from the College Board . Opinion : Is Oklahoma scared of AP history ? "  When you start omitting things , you 're censoring things , " said Ken Mercer , the Texas state board of education member who wrote the first piece of legislation against the framework . "  I was shocked . They had civil rights and Black Panthers , but not Rosa Parks . What 's left out smells of agenda . " In response , the College Board said , "  In the face of these attacks ... AP teachers and students , our member institutions , and the American people can rest assured : The College Board will not compromise the integrity of the Advanced Placement Program . " Nowhere has this caused more disturbance than in Jefferson County , Colorado , where high schoolers have been protesting the school board 's decision to establish a review committee for the new framework . Some even walked out of school for several days in the fall . "  This is wrong for Jefferson County , this is wrong for us as students . This is wrong for American history , " one student said during public comment at an October school board meeting . "  True patriotism ought to be based upon accurate understanding of American history , and not a biased promotion of American exceptionalism , " said another . Conservative board member Julie Williams wrote the Jefferson County proposal , which states : "  Materials should promote citizenship , patriotism , essentials and benefits of the free enterprise system , respect for authority and respect for individual rights . Materials should not encourage or condone civil disorder , social strife or disregard of the law . " "  I was stunned that this resolution was even coming before the school board , " said board member Lesley Dahlkemper . "  It 's too extreme . It goes too far and I believe our students deserve an unvarnished view of history . " A revised proposal that did not include that strong language passed by a 3-2 vote . "  I was insulted , " said Stephanie Rossi , who teaches the class at Wheat Ridge High School in Jefferson County . "  The thought that a board member that is supposed to represent an educational institution is assuming that history teachers in her district are going to lead kids to be un-American and unpatriotic . " The students protested again at the November meeting , reading aloud from their history textbooks . Conservative board member Ken Witt , who voted for the framework , said he believes it is the right of a local school board to review the curriculum of all classes students take . "  You know , there is a national dialogue around AP U.S. history and a lot of concerns have been raised about the balance in that curriculum , " Witt said . When pressed , he could not give specific examples of his concerns , and said only that he wanted a review of it . Williams refused multiple requests to talk to CNN . "  In my opinion we need to teach the good , the bad and the ugly , " said Jill Fellman , the other board member who voted against it . "  We need to make sure our kids understand what it is like to be an American . " The College Board has responded to this by defending the framework , but also allowing public comment through February . The discussion is expected to pick up again in the summer . In a statement , it said , "  In the face of these attacks ... AP teachers and students , our member institutions , and the American people can rest assured : The College Board will not compromise the integrity of the Advanced Placement Program . " The furor began with Larry Krieger , a college test prep instructor and former AP history teacher . When the College Board made public the new framework and announced it would replace an older five-page version starting this year , Krieger connected with Jane Robbins , a senior fellow at the conservative think tank American Principles Project . "  There was a relentless negative drumbeat about America , all of the themes all of the concepts . " Robbins , a leader of the effort against the new framework , said it gives special emphasis to race , gender and ethnic identities . "  That is sort of the leftist goal , having all of history viewed through that lens , " she said . Together , Robbins and Krieger penned an op-ed that barely anyone noticed until Robbins was giving a speech in Texas and mentioned Krieger 's complaint . "  There was a member of the Texas State Board of Education in audience -- Ken Mercer , " Robbins said . "  He came up and expressed concern and asked what could be done . That led to the resolution he introduced . " Mercer then wrote a resolution that included language so strong that it was noticed by the Republican National Committee . The framework , he wrote , "  reflects a view of American history that is critical of American exceptionalism , the free enterprise system and emphasizes negative aspects of our nation 's history while minimizing positive aspects . " An RNC talking points memo followed , and ripped the phrase straight from Mercer 's resolution , adding to it a request that "  Congress withhold any federal funding to the College Board  a private nongovernmental organization  until the APUSH course and examination have been rewritten in a transparent manner to accurately reflect U.S. history without a political bias . " From there , it trickled down to local school boards . Resolutions with many of the exact same phrases as the RNC memo appeared in places such as Nebraska and North Carolina . "  In the past it was five pages , a list of what teachers are supposed to go over , " said Texas state board chairwoman Barbara Cargill . "  Now it 's 98 pages , it 's detailed . Me , I 'm a former teacher . To me it looked more like a curriculum . " In other states , the issue has not been as disruptive . It was most recently raised in Georgia and Oklahoma . The language from a resolution introduced by Republican Georgia state Sen. William Ligon mirrors the RNC memo nearly word-for-word , as many state resolutions do . In Oklahoma , a bill passed an education committee that would have eliminated state funding for AP U.S. history classes unless the College Board changed the framework . But after an outcry , the bill 's sponsor said he 'd rewrite the legislation and change the wording . In North Carolina , there is concern the new framework does n't meet state standards for what should be taught , state Rep. Craig Horn told CNN . "  We insist on the study of our founding principles , " he said . "  We 're either going to require them to take a course before APUSH , or find another way , but we 're pretty stubborn about it . " But when a local school board in Hanover County , North Carolina , asked the state Board of Education not to implement the new framework , it raised concerns that students there might lose out on the opportunity to get college credit . The chairman of the state board , Bill Cobey , told CNN that they are in a "  listening and discussing stage . " "  We 're not ready to do anything , " Cobey said . "  I want what 's best for the children and students of North Carolina , and I certainly do n't want them to lose any opportunity to take Advanced Placement history . " In Texas , where it began , teachers are being told to "  fill in " the framework with state-issued curriculum standards for U.S. history , Cargill said , adamant that it would not affect the college credits that students can get for taking the class . "  It 's too important . Those AP courses are really critical for  grade-point average  and college scholarships , " Cargill said . The Republican Party in Douglas County , Nebraska , introduced a resolution that mirrored the RNC memo , and State Board of Education member Glen Flint wrote in a blog post dated October 30 that the board is "  currently studying the issue , " and "  we should take a stand against any attempt to nationalize or circumvent state standards and local control , " he wrote . In Tennessee , legislation was introduced in November that would create a commission to examine any new AP framework from the College Board . "  The real controversy is the wording in the key concepts of this framework . Until the College Board revises that wording and bias in there , this issue is not going to die down , " Cargill said . CNN 's Glen Dacy contributed to this report .	Several states debating new framework for AP history instruction Conservatives say it is biased College Board says framework is meant to guide curriculum
Madrid , Spain  CNN  -- Spain has suspended the sale of police riot-control equipment to Venezuela due to instability there , two Spanish government officials said Friday . Weeks of protests against the government of Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro have left more than 30 people dead , more than 500 injured and more than 2,000 people detained , Amnesty International said in a report released this week . Spain 's provisional suspension of the riot-control gear sales was quietly agreed to last month by a government commission that includes the ministries of foreign affairs , defense , interior and commerce , said the officials , who declined to be named because they are not authorized to publicly speak about the decision . The suspension was first reported by Spain 's El Pais newspaper . Spain authorized the sale of $ 2.6 million euros  $ 3.5 million  in riot-control equipment to Venezuela last year , the Economy ministry reported . Spain 's inter-ministerial government commission routinely reviews sales of military weapons and other sensitive material like police riot-control equipment , and takes into consideration "  the internal stability of the nation destined " to receive the equipment , said one of the government officials . The other official said it 's not the first time Spain has suspended the sale of riot control gear to Venezuela . It was also done when long-serving Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez -- Maduro 's predecessor -- was in power . Among those killed in the protests was a dual Spanish-Venezuelan citizen , Wilder Carballo Amayo , who died last February from a gunshot wound to the head , a Foreign Ministry spokeswoman said . Spain , like many other nations and international agencies , has urged the Venezuelan government and opposition forces to seek a solution through dialogue . The Venezuelan Embassy in Madrid answered a phone call from CNN but declined to comment immediately on the suspension of sales of crowd control equipment . Amnesty International 's president in Spain , Esteban Beltran , told reporters this week , "  In our opinion , if human rights are not placed at the top of the political agenda in Venezuela , then Venezuela risks entering a spiral of violence that would lead to even more human rights abuses and violations . "	30 have died in protests against the government of Venezuela Among those killed in the protests was a dual Spanish-Venezuelan citizen Official : It 's not the first time Spain has suspended riot control gear to the country
Kolmanskop , Namibia  CNN  -- Vast and inhospitable , the Namib Desert in south west Africa is a land of ghosts . Along a notorious stretch of shoreline known as the Skeleton Coast lie the wrecks of ships stranded in the morning seafogs . Venture inland and you 'll encounter even more spectral scenes : one of Africa 's most famous ghost towns -- and even "  ghost horses . " Considered the world 's oldest desert , the Namib has been dry for an estimated 55 million years . Stretching for hundreds of kilometers along Namibia 's Atlantic coastline , its infamously hostile terrain has made Namibia one of the world 's most sparsely populated countries . Yet amid this unforgiving landscape is evidence of once thriving human settlement . Kolmanskop -- Afrikaans for "  Coleman 's Hill " -- was once a diamond-mining boom town , complete with a grand ballroom , casino and skittle alley . Today it is an eerie ghost settlement , its sand-logged buildings slowly being reclaimed by the dunes . Named after Johnny Coleman , a man who abandoned his ox wagon there during a sandstorm , the area was the center of a diamond boom a century ago . In 1908 , an African railway worker named Zacharias Lewala was shoveling sand from the tracks when he struck a glittering diamond . The ensuing rush brought a wave of European fortune hunters to the region , then part of a colony known as German South West Africa . With their newfound wealth , the settlers set about building a German-style village amid the dunes , complete with amenities such as a hospital with a rare X-ray machine , and a tram . Read also : The Namibian women who dress like Victorians "  Life was hard , " said Kolmanskop tour guide Christo Biewenga , but made tolerable by the fact "  they were organized in this town . " During its heyday in the 1920s , Kolmanskop 's population consisted of about 300 European adults and 40 of their children , supported by 800 local workers . Read also : Real-life ` Lion Kings ' But when new diamond deposits were discovered in less extreme conditions further south , the fortune seekers drifted away . When the hospital closed its doors in 1956 , the last remaining settlers left shortly afterward . Today , as a monument to the settlement 's distinctive history , Kolmanskop is a popular tourist destination , although a permit is required to enter . This is because the site sits within the Sperrgebiet -- a "  prohibited zone " declared by German authorities on the discovery of the diamond deposits . Although South West Africa was occupied by South Africa in 1915 , and Namibia emerged as an independent state in 1990 , diamond mining remains a lucrative concern and the area remains a restricted region under the control of Namdeb Diamond Corporation . James Alexander is a geologist for Namdeb , a joint venture between the Namibian government and diamond mining company De Beers . He said the early miners "  took the easy ones , the ones on top . " "  They would glisten in the dunes in the light of the moon , " he said . "  Now we have to blast them out of the ground because the ground has cement in it . So it 's harder and expensive , but there 's still a lot out there ... There 's 400 million  carats  sitting somewhere . " But Kolmanskop is not the only ghost of the Namib . Just as iconic a symbol of the area is the hardy population of 150 or so wild horses , who have adapted to be able to go without water for longer periods than domestic horses , surviving for generations on the desert 's fringe . Read also : Mali 's treasure at risk from uprising Horses are not native to southern Africa , and the horses ' origins have long been shrouded in mystery . According to Piet Swiegers , manager of the nearby Klein-Aus Vista lodge , the most likely theory is that they were German and South African military horses abandoned in the chaos of the First World War . "  There was a water point close by , " he said . "  That 's why the horses survived all these years . " It is also thought the restricted human access to the region helped their survival , sparing the the feral animals from being caught or hunted . For generations , the horses existed largely out of sight of locals . "  They were known as the ghost horses , " said Swiegers . "  We hardly saw them . " But in recent decades their habitat has been reclassified as part of the Namib-Naukluft National Park , Africa 's largest game reserve , bringing them into greater contact with humans . This has raised the question of if and how humans should support the horses to keep their numbers at a sustainable level . Experts have settled on a policy of limiting intervention , but providing some support , especially in times of hardship -- which has helped to bring people a little closer to these ghosts of the desert . "  The behavior of the horses changed because they got used to people , " said Swiegers . "  They do n't fear man because man feeds them in dry times . "	Today a ghost town , Namibia 's Kolmanskop was once a booming diamond village During its peak in the 1920s , it was home to about 340 Europeans and 800 locals Access to stretches of the Namib , the world 's oldest desert , has been restricted for mining A population of feral horses has bred there for generations , becoming an icon of the Namib
Los Angeles  CNN  -- On a foggy morning in Holmby Hills , one of this city 's most gilded neighborhoods , a silent standoff is taking place outside the mansion where pop music superstar Michael Jackson breathed his last breath . It has become a familiar ritual for the players : A burly man sits in a black SUV parked in the driveway in front of a closed gate . Across the street , a woman in a white jacket and fedora camps out in a lawn chair shaded by a beach umbrella , a cooler at her side . He watches her . She ignores him . A series of lime green placards saying " * HOT * Star Maps Here " leads drivers from the winding curves of Sunset Boulevard into this manicured oasis of wealth and privilege -- and to the woman locals call the Star Maps lady . Her name is Linda Welton , and she was on the corner of Sunset and Carolwood Drive long before Michael Jackson arrived . She remembers well the days when he stood on a balcony of the rented chateau-style mansion and tossed autographed pillows to screaming fans . She remembers that he ordered pizzas for them and that his father , Joe Jackson , would come visiting but would n't be let in . She also remembers the hordes that descended in June 2009 , when Jackson died on the eve of his comeback concert tour . His doctor , Conrad Murray , was tasked with making sure the King of Pop stayed healthy and showed up for rehearsals . Now he is on trial , accused of giving Jackson a lethal dose of an anesthetic to help him sleep . On the weekend before the doctor went on trial for manslaughter , Carolwood Drive was nearly deserted . Despite the property 's notoriety and the looming criminal trial , there was no pilgrimage of Jackson fans , not even a lone "  looky-loo , " as people in Los Angeles call curiosity seekers . It was just the security guard and the Star Maps lady . And the Star Maps lady was feeling shy . "  I ca n't do an interview , " she said , bolting up from her lawn chair . She scurried to her white SUV and drove off , leaving a taciturn assistant to deal with the nosy visitor . A third-generation purveyor of the dishy tourist maps , Welton has good reason to be skittish . The owners of the mansion , fashion executive Hubert Guez and his wife , Roxanne , have taken her to court . The homeowners filed suit in June , calling Welton 's Star Maps business "  a highly visible eyesore " and charging that she is tanking their property value . They are asking a judge for an injunction kicking the Star Maps lady off the corner . A hearing has been set for October 18 before Judge Gerald Rosenberg in Santa Monica , according to the court file . Welton 's family has sold Star Maps from the corner since the 1930s -- long before such things as tour buses , paparazzi and TMZ . They survived past attempts to shut them down or make them move . And Welton has long been a Michael Jackson fan -- so much so that she traveled the 90 minutes to Santa Barbara a dozen times to attend his 2005 child molestation trial . She celebrated when he was acquitted . On August 28 , the eve of what would have been the pop star 's 53rd birthday , Welton was chattier when she received a visit from a crew with "  In Session , " a show that features Murray 's trial and other court cases and airs daily on CNN 's sister network , truTV . Jackson could have lived anywhere in the world , she said , but he chose the mansion on her Star Maps corner as he prepped for his "  This is It " tour . "  It came alive in a way no other place came alive through the years of map selling or that kind of thing , " she says . "  It 's Tourist Central . Really , nobody lived there except Sean Connery , a while ago . " The fans came because Jackson engaged them , she said . And then there was the live music that poured out of the house every time Jackson practiced in his studio , which was often . "  We all heard the music that came out from behind those walls , " Welton said . "  So a lot of fans would park their cars here . They were trying to hear the music , but they did n't really tell a whole lot of people because they did n't want Michael to stop playing . So we had the time of our lives . This was actually the biggest thrill we 'll ever have . The music was absolutely beautiful . " She was on her corner on June 25 , 2009 , when an ambulance took Jackson away . Although he usually went to Cedars Sinai Medical Center , the ambulance turned right , toward Ronald Reagan UCLA Medical Center , she recalled . It was followed by several dark Cadillac Escalade SUVs , and she suspected something was seriously wrong . She says a CNN producer told her that Jackson had died , and soon hundreds of weeping fans came . She gave her maps away then , telling people , "  Michael would n't want you to cry . " Even now , she says , "  It 's like a tourist magnet . It 's like a historical landmark that 's not quite noted as one , but everybody knows where it is . It 's the first place people really want to see when they get off that plane . " Welton says many people who stop do n't even buy a map . They just want to know where Jackson 's last home is . The homeowners ' lawsuit makes no mention of their most famous tenant or the notoriety of the address . As far as the lawsuit is concerned , Welton 's Star Maps business is what draws the gawkers . The legal action opens a new chapter in an age-old L.A. story , rekindling tensions that can arise in a city built on the culture of fame and populated by people eager to cash in on the fantasy . The case also pits two of California 's most cherished values -- individual property rights and free speech -- against each other . "  It is unpleasant and inconvenient to constantly be forced to navigate illegally stopped traffic in front of the plaintiffs ' home and to be daily and frequently forced to view defendant 's business activity , " the lawsuit states . The couple is trying to sell the mansion and , the lawsuit charges , Welton 's presence is hurting their chances . "  The property is made unattractive , " the suit charges . "  Potential buyers are bothered upon approach by the quite visible and annoying constant illegal stopping and/or parking of cars in front of the home that would otherwise be on a quiet residential street . " Welton , who is representing herself , considers the lawsuit "  harassment " and argues in her court papers that the law was settled decades ago in her favor . Her mother fought similar attempts by the city of Los Angeles to shut down her Star Maps business through the 1970s . She took the fight all the way to the California Supreme Court . A copy of the court 's 1978 opinion is included in the court file as Linda Welton 's response to the most recent lawsuit . According to the opinion and several newspaper clippings attached to it , Welton 's grandfather obtained a copyright during the 1930s for what would become the oldest continuously published map of the places where the stars live , shop and eat . Her mother , Vivienne Welton , ran the family business for 40 years before handing it down to her daughter , who has been hawking the Star Maps for more than two decades . It was during Vivienne Welton 's watch that the epic court battle was waged . The city of Los Angeles declared her stand , on a grassy corner at Sunset and Baronda , a public nuisance under the municipal code and obtained a court injunction in 1973 . She fought it on freedom-of-speech grounds , but the city contended that she was engaged in commercial activity not protected by the First Amendment . She lost the first round , appealed , and five years later , the case wound up before the California Supreme Court , which struck down the city 's ordinance , saying it was unconstitutional . "  Battling public nuisance can not be pursued by means infringing personal liberties when less restrictive alternatives are available , " the court found . Attorney Jeffrey Korn , who filed the 2011 lawsuit , was in trial in another case and was too busy to talk about the Star Maps case , an assistant said . But the Guezes ' civil suit is likely to fail because it cites the ordinance that already has been struck down by a higher court , said Douglas Mirell , a First Amendment attorney in Los Angeles . "  Once a court has found an ordinance to be unconstitutional , it sort of follows , as night follows day , that one can not invoke the same ordinance and seek to have it enforced , " Mirell said . And , he noted , last month , a federal appeals court struck down a similar ordinance in nearby Redondo Beach , which sought to stop day laborers from soliciting employment on public streets . Whatever happens in court , the scene on the corner of Sunset Boulevard and Carolwood Drive has already changed . The man and his music are gone . But not the Star Maps lady . Not yet , anyway . Grace Wong is a senior producer with "  In Session , " which airs weekdays on truTV , CNN 's sister network .	LInda Welton 's family has been selling star maps along Sunset Boulevard since the 1930s The owners of the house where Michael Jackson died are taking her to court They say her star maps business is an eyesore and a public nuisance Welton 's mother won a similar court battle with the City of Los Angeles in the 1970s
CNN  -- Brazilian authorities detained the wife of former world boxing champion Arturo Gatti as a suspect in his killing , according to local reports . Arturo Gatti pictured during the final fight of his career , a knockout defeat by Alfonso Gomez in 2007 . Gatti was found dead Saturday in a hotel in Brazil , where he was taking a vacation with his wife , Amanda Carina Barbosa Rodrigues , and their young child . The 37-year-old Canadian , who was born in Italy and made his name as a fighter based in New Jersey , was staying in the northeast seaside resort of Porto de Galihnas . Rodrigues , 23 , was being held in a police station in the city of Recife in connection with the killing , a police official in Porto de Galihnas told CNN . Police official Osmar Silva Santiago confirmed local reports that Gatti 's body was found Saturday morning in his hotel room with strangulation marks . "  This crime is being investigated by our homicide experts and we hope to have more answers tomorrow , " Santiago said . Police recovered a blood-stained purse strap from the scene , according to media reports . Rodrigues became a suspect because of inconsistencies during her interrogation , local reports quoted homicide task force chief Josedith Ferreira as saying . Gatti made his name in a series of three fights against "  Irish " Micky Ward , losing the first but triumphing in the other two . He held the IBF super-featherweight and WBC light-welterweight titles , and he also won the WBC junior welterweight belt but lost it to Floyd Mayweather Jr. in 2005 . Gatti retired in 2007 after suffering a knockout defeat by Alfonso Gomez in his comeback , ending with a record of 40 wins and nine losses . He grew up in Montreal , Quebec , after leaving Italy at an early age , and returned to the city following his retirement . According to Gatti 's official Web site , the Italian-born pugilist won "  Fight of the Year " for three consecutive years . CNN 's Helena de Moura contributed to this report .	NEW : Wife , Amanda Carina Barbosa Rodrigues , detained at Recife police station NEW : Rodrigues ' answers to interrogation reportedly had inconsistencies NEW : Gatti 's body was found Saturday in hotel room with strangulation marks The former world boxing champion was vacationing with his 23-year-old wife
CNN  -- China 's Shenzhou-9 spacecraft returned to Earth on Friday , completing an ambitious mission that notched up a series of breakthroughs for the country , including putting its first woman in orbit . Shenzhou-9 successfully carried out a manned space docking last week , making China the third country to complete such a feat after the United States and Russia . Hanging from a parachute , the capsule floated back down to Earth on Friday , bumping down on the arid terrain of Inner Mongolia and rolling onto its side . Support teams raced on foot and in vehicles to where the capsule lay to coordinate the three-person crew 's exit from the spacecraft . After an hour of preparation work in and around the capsule , the crew members emerged one by one , smiling and waving . They were helped into chairs , as their bodies were still adapting to the earth 's gravity after nearly two weeks of weightlessness . Jing Haipeng came out first to applause from the ground staff . He was followed by Liu Wang . There was then a pause before the female crew member , Liu Yang , made her way out . The three sat in a row in front of the capsule as Chinese flags rippled in the wind behind them . Still fully dressed in their spacesuits , they joined hands and were each handed a bouquet of flowers . China has made rapid , steady strides in developing its space program over the past decade , such as sending its first astronaut into space , completing its first spacewalk and launching two lunar orbiters . It has big aspirations for the program and hopes to build a space station and conduct a manned mission to the moon . Shenzhou-9 docked with the orbiting Tiangong-1 space laboratory last week . Tiangong-1 , a prototype for a full-fledged space station , was launched into space in September . The crew of Shenzhou-9 followed that feat by executing a manual docking with Tiangong-1 on Sunday . Mastering the technique of joining spacecraft together manually is considered an crucial step toward China 's goal of building a space station in 2020 . Previously , the docking had been done by remote control from the ground . The endeavors have been a source of pride for China and coincided with the record-setting descent of a Chinese manned submersible vehicle 7,020 meters into the Mariana Trench in the Pacific Ocean . They could help bolster support for the Chinese Communist Party as it undergoes a once-in-a-decade leadership transition later this year and deal with the fallout from the dramatic downfall of Bo Xilai , one of the country 's most prominent politicians . CNN 's Jethro Mullen and Judy Kwon contributed to this report .	NEW : The three-person crew emerges from the spacecraft China 's Shenzhou-9 capsule bumps down in Inner Mongolia This mission marks China 's first woman in space China joins U.S. and Russia in completing a manned space docking
CNN has learned that U.S. intelligence agencies have identified three Russian amphibious warships in the eastern Mediterranean that are believed to be carrying weapons shipments that might be used to resupply the Syrian regime , according to a Pentagon official . The official declined to be named due to the sensitive nature of the information . The United States has been tracking the ships since they left Russian ports several days ago . U.S. satellites were able to see some indications of containers being loaded onto the ships . Although it 's not confirmed , it 's believed the ships may be carrying some components of the controversial Russian S-300 air defense missile system and other weapons for the regime . The United States has been pressing the Russians for weeks to not deliver that system to Syria because of the threat it would pose by upgrading Syria 's already robust air defense system . The United States believes it would give the Syrian government a much greater ability to target U.S. , Israeli , NATO or other aircraft that may try to strike targets on the ground in the future . The official said the United States did not see any military helicopters being loaded ; it is believed the Syrians want to add the helicopters to their inventories . The Russians have kept a regular naval presence in the eastern Mediterranean so they can move in and out of the port of Tartous , where they have facilities . Several sensitive military assets are in the region this month as well . In the next two weeks , the U.S. Navy aircraft carrier USS Eisenhower will also be in the region on a scheduled rotation as it returns to its home port on the East Coast . A U.S. Patriot missile battery and F-16s are heading to Jordan for a training exercise , though the Jordanians have asked for the Patriots to remain after the exercise concludes at the end of the month .	U.S. intelligence : Three Russian warships in the Mediterranean may have weapons for Syria The ships are believed to be carrying parts of an air defense missile system Such a system would make striking targets in Syria more difficult , U.S. believes U.S. aircraft carrier , a Patriot missile battery and F-16s will be in the Mideast this month
CNN  -- Instead of rah , rah , rah , some Florida schools are saying no , no , no -- to cheerleader skirts they say are too revealing for the classroom . The decision to ban cheerleader skirts during classroom hours is being ridiculed as short in spirit by some Pinellas County high school cheerleaders and parents . School leaders say the uniforms just are n't appropriate for classrooms and do n't fit into student dress codes . Sophomore Jeana Fraser has been cheering since middle school , and she scored a spot on the Countryside High School Varsity cheerleading team this year . She told CNN affiliate WFLA that her "  shorter than mid-thigh " skirt is a part of tradition : The football players and cheerleaders wear their uniforms each Friday during school on game day . Jeana said dressing up for game day is a way for students to get excited for the football game . Jeana 's father , David Fraser , told CNN that some kids "  just do n't wear as many clothes as they should , " primarily because of the Florida heat . He said he understands administrators are in a tough spot , but that cheerleading is part of Americana . Her mother , Norma Fraser , agreed , telling WFLA the ban is "  almost un-American . " According to Pinellas County Schools spokeswoman Melanie Marquez Parra , all 16 schools in the district have a dress code , and have for some time , but Countryside is an example of a school that is increasing enforcement . Marquez Parra told CNN the emphasis should be on academics , and notes squads express their spirit during school hours at several schools in different ways . At one , cheerleaders wear their uniform tops , with sleeves , and matching bows in their hair . Countryside High School deferred all of CNN 's questions to the school district . Parra said the school is still working with the cheerleading team on what will be allowed during school for this Friday 's game day : One proposal is to put a Velcro attachment on the skirts to lengthen them , another is to buy the cheerleaders matching warmup pants .	Pinellas County , Florida , district bans cheerleader skirts during classroom hours School leaders say the uniforms do n't fit into student dress codes Cheerleader 's mother says the ban is "  almost un-American " District spokeswoman : Some schools have acceptable alternative ensembles for school hours
CNN  -- Diplomacy and coalition building . Individuals working for the whole . President Obama on Tuesday stressed that 's how the United States prefers to solve some of the world 's most complicated issues , particularly those in the Arab world . Speaking at the United Nations General Assembly , and then at a Clinton Global Initiative event in New York , Obama repeatedly tried to drive home the value of conversation rather than force . Tuesday began with Iran saying it had fired missiles into the Persian Gulf . Within hours of that claim , Obama took the podium at the annual gathering of U.N. member nations and discussed the threat of Iran obtaining a nuclear weapon . The five big issues at the U.N. General Assembly this week "  Let me be clear , " the president said . "  America wants to resolve this issue through diplomacy , and we believe that there is still time and space to do so . "  But that time is not unlimited . " A nuclear-armed Iran "  is not a challenge that can be contained , " he said , adding that the scenario would "  threaten the elimination of Israel , the security of Gulf nations and the stability of the global economy , " and trigger "  a nuclear arms race in the region . " The U.S. "  will do what we must to prevent Iran from obtaining a nuclear weapon , " Obama added , without saying specifically what that meant . Yet , echoing his 2008 campaign slogan , Obama told the General Assembly that he was "  hopeful about the world we live in . " Obama confronts Iran , Syria at U.N. Obama also offered world leaders details about U.S. Ambassador Christopher Stevens , who was killed this month when a mob overtook the U.S. Embassy in Benghazi , Libya . "  Chris was born in a town called Grass Valley , California , the son of a lawyer and a musician , " he began his speech . Stevens joined the Peace Corps and taught English in Morocco . He loved the people of North Africa and the Middle East , and spent his life trying to improve their lives . Stevens was like so many foreign service workers who make tremendous personal sacrifices because they 're passionate about building "  bridges across oceans and cultures , " Obama said . "  I tell you this story because Chris Stevens embodied the best of America . " That means that the attacks in Benghazi , which also killed three other Americans , "  were attacks on America . " The violence was "  an assault on the very ideals upon which the United Nations was founded , " he added . Read the full text of Obama 's remarks Once again , Obama mentioned diplomacy , saying the attacks offended "  the notion that people can resolve their differences peacefully ; that diplomacy can take the place of war ; and that in an interdependent world , all of us have a stake in working towards greater opportunity and security for our citizens . " ` Deeper causes ' He said he wanted more conversation about "  the deeper causes of this crisis . " Adding more guards at embassies around the world is n't a solution , and neither is banning an anti-Muslim film that incited the chaos . The way forward , the president said , is to make sure everyone understands that America represents the freedom to say anything and express views that some might find distasteful or offensive . "  As president of our country , I accept that people are going to call me awful things every day , " he said . "  And I will always defend their right to do so . Americans have fought and died around the globe to protect the right of all people to express their views -- even views that we disagree with . " The future should be determined by people like Stevens and not by his killers , Obama said . Time : Why Benghazi attack will blind the U.S. . The best way to do that , he said , must be international coalition building . Obama tried to drive that home not only at the U.N. but at an afternoon Clinton Global Initiative event , also in New York , where he spoke about ending human trafficking . Earlier , he had signed an executive order to stem the crime , which he said victimizes more than 20 million people worldwide . "  Human trafficking ... must be called by its true name : modern slavery , " Obama said . The order makes it possible to provide more tools and training to federal prosecutors , law enforcement , immigration judges and transportation officials , among others , to identify and assist trafficking victims . A $ 6 million awards challenge , supported by Goldman Sachs and Humanity United , to local communities to develop solutions to curb trafficking is also part of the order . There will also be several groups trying to formally measure and track human trafficking in the United States so that money can be precisely allocated to combat it . Obama said human trafficking "  distorts markets " and "  endangers public health and fuels violence , " he said . "  This is a no-brainer , " the president said . "  This is something we should all agree on , " whether one is a Republican or Democrat . Obama spoke directly to trafficked people . "  In the darkest hours of your lives , you may have felt utterly alone , " he said . "  We see you . " Hope and optimism That statement echoed a theme running through Obama 's United Nations speech : hope . Despite all of the world 's tragedies and wars and struggle , Obama told U.N. members , he 's optimistic . "  I am hopeful about the world we live in , " he said . He listed a string of reasons . The Iraq war is over . Troops have returned home . He noted that the U.S. continues to hand over control to locals in Afghanistan , and will bring all troops home in 2014 . "  Al Qaeda has been weakened and Osama bin Laden is no more , " Obama said . Some people have praised the Obama administration 's drone strikes that have killed terrorists , though the program remains highly controversial . And the Navy SEAL operation that resulted in the death of the 9/11 mastermind represents a major victory during Obama 's tenure . The president reminded listeners that it 's been less than two years since a vendor in Tunisia set himself on fire to protest government corruption , triggering the so-called Arab Spring . "  I 've seen hard choices made ... to put more power in the hands of citizens , " he said , pointing out that the U.S. has supported transitions toward more open societies in the Arab world . Yet a war still rages in one Arab nation . In the past year and a half , 26,000 people have died in Syria , according to groups fighting to oust President Bashar al-Assad . Al-Assad 's regime has been accused of torturing children , shooting unarmed protesters and going door to door in some villages , killing whole families . Al-Assad says that terrorists are behind the deaths . The regime "  must come to an end , so that the suffering of the Syrian people can stop , " the president said , "  and a new dawn can begin . " Obama : Every nation can tackle slavery	At U.N. , Obama stressed the need for diplomacy to solve international issues But he warned , regarding Iran , that time for talking "  is not unlimited " Obama : U.S. "  will do what we must " to prevent Iran from obtaining a nuclear weapon President describes expansive anti-human trafficking plan at Clinton Global Initiative event
During a three-day law enforcement sweep targeting the problem of teenage prostitution , officers rescued 79 children and arrested 104 alleged pimps , the FBI announced Monday . U.S. Midwest in crosshairs of child sex trafficking fight Operation Cross Country 6 took place from Friday through Sunday with more than 2,500 state , local and federal officers working in 57 cities . FBI Acting Executive Assistant Director Kevin Perkins said the children law enforcement freed from their handlers ranged from 13 to 17 years old with one girl saying she had gotten involved in prostitution when she was 11 . Feds break up child porn ring "  Many times the children that are taken in in these types of criminal activities are children that are dissaffected , they are from broken homes , they may be on the street themselves -- they are really looking for a meal , they are looking for shelter , they are looking for someone to take care of them , and that 's really the first approach that 's made , " said Perkins . "  Once the child has been taken out of harm 's way , then really the story just begins at that point , " said Perkins . "  That 's where the real work starts , where we have to call upon the community , various social welfare agencies , our own office of victim assistance has to work with each child on an individual basis to see what their requirements are . "  This is a very difficult task . These children are very damaged -- very harmed , and they need a great deal of help -- it 's really taxing the social welfare agencies and it 's something that , going forward , we need to pay particular attention to . " Even though the FBI says 79 children were rescued , officials said there 's no guarantee those minors wo n't be lured back into prostitution . Hotel chain boosting staff training to fight child prostitution "  A lot of these kids feel like they are in love , and therefore many of them will go back , so it 's not only important that they get help , but they need a specialized kind of help , " said Ernie Allen , president of the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children . According to Perkins , the people exploiting children in this manner are engaged in organized crime and have business plans and strategies . He said such criminals know their market and will move kids from state to state to service clients . The criminals use various methods including the Internet to find vulnerable kids . They also may find them at bus stations or truck stops and offer them help as a first step to winning their confidence . Operation Cross Country is part of the FBI 's Innocence Lost National Initiative which was started in 2003 . With 47 task forces and working groups , the FBI says more than 2,200 children have been pulled off the streets along with more than 1,000 convictions of people exploiting kids . According to the FBI , many of the convictions have resulted in long prison sentences , including eight life terms . Despite those figures , the FBI and child advocates said child prostitution continues to be a serious problem and they called on the public to realize it can happen in any town and neighborhood . Allen said the best estimate is that at least 100,000 American kids get lured into prostitution every year . 2010 : Federal crackdown on child prostitution results in 884 arrests	Operation Cross Country 6 took place from Friday through Sunday The nationwide sweep involved more than 2,500 officers working in 57 cities Children rescued from prostitution operations ranged in age from 13 to 17 Children 's advocate : At least 100,000 American kids get lured into prostitution every year
Pyongyang , North Korea  CNN  -- The crowd cheers as the stars make their way to the ring for first pro-wrestling bout North Korea has seen in almost 20 years . Back then , we 're told the spectators thought the action was real . Now , they 're more savvy , and appreciative , clapping loudly as the former American stars execute their maneuvers during the two-day contest in Pyongyang . "  We 're here to do something bigger and better , " pro-wrestler Jon "  Strongman " Anderson roars backstage . He could also be alluding to the purpose of the trip , an attempt at "  sports diplomacy " by Antonio Inoki , a Japanese former pro-wrestler turned politician . He 's organized the trip at a time of thawing relations between Japan and North Korea over the issue of abductions of Japanese citizens in the 1970s and '80s . Recent talks opened the door for further investigations by North Korea and a report is expected in the next few weeks . The behind-the-scenes diplomacy is a long way from the public spectacles staged during this mixed martial arts festival . The stars of the show -- including former NFL star Bob "  The Beast " Sapp -- join arm-wrestling and tug-of-war competitions with the Pyongyang locals , some who seem more than a little bemused . Tightly-controlled International media has joined the tightly-controlled tour , which took us from the birthplace of the nation 's founder , Kim Il Sung , to the pet projects of its current leader , Kim Jong Un . A bus ride seemed to take us back in time as we passed fields where locals where working , tending the soil with their hands . Our destination was a country club where , for the equivalent of $ 10 an hour , locals can ride horses in an indoor arena . It 's a past time only for Pyongyang 's elite . The country 's per capita income is estimated to be around $ 1,000 to $ 2,000 a year , putting such pursuits out of reach of most people . However , outside Pyongyang there 's a place where anyone can see the country 's most impressive monuments , without having to visit each one . It 's a theme park that displays North Korea 's landmarks in miniature . Many of them could be found in Pyongyang . Indeed , visitors could even see the real-life Tower of Juche from the park . The original , built on the shore of the River Taedong , is named after the political ideology formed by the country 's Eternal President Kim Il Sung , that "  man is the master of everything and decides everything . " Then there 's the Victorious Fatherland Liberation War Museum and more lessons in North Korean history . We were shown a video that shared the country 's perspective on the Korean War  1950-53  . It was started by an attack from United States , the video declared . When I questioned this , the guide replied , "  That 's what you 're taught . This is the truth . " North Korea 's military might and successes were paraded in other displays . We were shown a U.S. Navy research ship -- the USS Pueblo -- that was seized in 1968 for allegedly spying on the DPRK . Washington claims it never entered North Korean waters . Photos showing planes and helicopters that had crashed in North Korean territory were also displayed , including a graphic image of a dead U.S. soldier . Asked why it was necessary to display the photo , the guide replied : "  Dead pilot ? Because it shows that anybody who violates our sovereignty and intrudes on us to commit espionage must be killed like this . " Pet projects Since taking power after his father 's death in 2011 , Kim Jong Un has sought to make his mark on the country and its population of some 25 million people . He 's launched a number of pet projects , spending millions on a new Children 's Hospital and a slide-filled water park in Pyongyang , which we 've seen firsthand during our trip . However , outside Pyongyang it 's unclear how far the spending has spread . North Korea remains a secretive state , accused by a United Nations panel of widespread human rights abuses , charges that the country denies . Minders have watched our every move , from the moment we landed in Pyongyang to the bus ride to our hotel , which sits on its own island . The tour has followed pre-approved routes ; we 're shown what they want us to see . So far , that has been impressive infrastructure for a country that 's struggling to feed its own people , and that has erected an almost unassailable boundary between it and the outside world . Hilary Whiteman in Hong Kong contributed to this report .	CNN attends pro-wrestling festival in North Korea in tightly-controlled trip Behind public spectacle , is an attempt at sports diplomacy Trip showcases country club , theme park , military might Minders watch reporters ' every move
CNN  -- When Dustin Bockman , his younger brother Ryan and their friend Cole Landers put their 17-foot boat into the Big Black River last weekend about 20 minutes from where they live in Vicksburg , Mississippi , they had no clue that they would soon be caught up in an hours-long battle against a record-setting alligator . "  We put the boat in at 8 o'clock on Saturday night and we got back to the dock with the alligator about 9:30 a.m. Sunday , " the 27-year-old UPS driver told CNN in a telephone interview . It was a long night . Bockman had been one of 920 people picked from 27,000 applicants to participate in the state 's 10-day alligator season . His selection and his $ 100 license gave him the right to catch two alligators -- one of any size , and a medium-size one . Though they 'd never hunted alligators before , the men were well equipped : a bright light to illuminate their quarry 's eyes , which typically sit just above the surface of the water , a crossbow attached to a 150-pound fishing line , a deep-sea fishing pole with a snagging hook , a shotgun , Mountain Dew and root beer . During the first few hours , they saw plenty of alligators , but passed them by . "  I wanted to get an alligator 10 feet or better , " he said . Texas teen bags state-record-sized alligator About 1 a.m. , they found one that fit the bill . "  We did n't realize how big it was , we just knew it was big , " he said . Under the rules of the lottery , hunters are not allowed to shoot alligators in open water , he said . "  You have to get a line on them . " That was n't easy . Each time they approached the alligator , he submerged , only to pop up a few minutes later dozens of yards away . Finally , after about two hours , Bockman -- an experienced hunter -- shot him with the crossbow , striking him in the back . The line was attached to a homemade buoy -- made with a 3-liter water jug containing bells and glow sticks "  so when it took off you could hear and see it at nighttime . " A few minutes later , they got a second line on the gator with the fishing pole , and the animal took off , sinking to the river bottom and sitting -- for up to 20 minutes at a time -- as the three men tried repeatedly to pull him to the surface . "  It was like trying to pull up a tree . " Finally , another two hours later , success : "  My buddy grabbed the boat fishing line and pulled him to the top , " Bockman said . But by then , the fishing line had caught around a tree , so they cut it . That meant their only connection to the alligator was the buoy line . Another 90 minutes or so later , they used the buoy line to pull the alligator to the surface and tried to cover his head with a snare . "  It 's like a noose -- you put it around his neck and , when you pull it up , it tightens up . " But the animal 's head was about two feet long and bigger than the snare could accommodate . "  When we pulled it tight , he went to fighting , then broke the bow fishing line . All we had was the snare , " which was not firmly in place . At that , Bockman stuck the barrel of his Remington 1100 20-gauge shotgun into the water , aimed it at the soft spot on the back of the animal 's head and pulled the trigger . In an instant , the longtime hunter learned a lesson in physics . "  The gun barrel peeled back like a banana peel , " he said . "  The gas ca n't escape at the end of the barrel  under water  . I did n't know that before , but now I do . It was pretty crazy . I thought they 'd gave me the wrong bullets . " It was still useable , however , and two more shots finished the job , which left them with another challenge . Knee-deep in mud , the three men tried to load their catch into the War Eagle boat , but discovered after much pulling and pushing that they could n't , so they called for reinforcements . "  We just pulled him over to a sandbar and waited for daylight so we could call some people to help us load him . " On Sunday morning , two of their friends arrived and helped them pull the alligator into the boat . It was only then that they realized they had bagged a big one . But they had forgotten to bring a tape measure , so they were reduced to guessing its size . "  We did n't realize until we took him back to my buddy 's house and took him out of the boat with a tractor and put a tape measure on him that we needed to go get him weighed for a state record , " he said . Here are the official measurements : 13 feet 4.5 inches long , 727.0 pounds . Its belly girth measured 67 inches and its tail measured 45.5 inches in girth . Officials estimated its age at 50 to 60 years . Their catch beat out the state 's previous record winner in the weight category , which had been set just an hour earlier by a hunting party led by Beth Trammell of Madison , Mississippi . That gator 's 723.5 pounds and 13 feet , 5.5 inches had broken the previous weight record of 697.5 pounds . The current length record is 13 feet 6.5 inches , set by an alligator taken on the Pascagoula River in 2008 . Bockman has stored his prize catch in a deer processor 's walk-in cooler . He plans to keep some of the meat , give away most of it to friends , then get the hide tanned , mount the head and the mushroomed gun barrel on a plaque and display it to his friends . But he has no illusions that his record will last long . "  They could break my record tonight , " he said . "  There 's bigger alligators out there . " And he need not worry about the restriction on size . Bockman 's brother Ryan also won the lottery , granting him the right to bag an even bigger animal when they go out again later this week . In Florida , gator takes bite out of crime -- and man	Each time they approached , the alligator submerged , Dustin Bockman says "  The gun barrel peeled back like a banana peel " The snare was n't big enough to cover the animal 's head "  There 's bigger alligators out there , " Bockman says
CNN  -- Sen. Barack Obama told CNN on Wednesday the recent uproar over his former pastor 's sermons has reminded him of the odds he faces in winning the White House . Sen. Barack Obama opens up in a one-on-one exclusive interview with Anderson Cooper . "  In some ways , this controversy has actually shaken me up a little bit and gotten me back into remembering that the odds of me getting elected have always been lower than some of the other conventional candidates , " the Illinois senator told CNN 's Anderson Cooper in an exclusive one-on-one interview . Obama declined to speculate on whether the controversy surrounding the Rev. Jeremiah Wright 's sermons may damage him politically , but said his campaign does best when it does n't follow the "  textbook . " "  If I was just running the textbook campaign -- doing the conventional thing -- I probably was n't going to win because Sen. -LSB- Hillary -RSB- Clinton was going to be much more capable of doing that than I would be , " he said . "  We had tremendous success , and I think we were starting to get a little comfortable and conventional right before Texas and Ohio . " The exclusive interview came one day after Obama delivered a speech on race and politics in Philadelphia , during which he denounced some of Wright 's comments , but said he could not repudiate the man himself . "  I can no more disown him than I can disown the black community . I can no more disown him than I can my white grandmother . These people are a part of me . And they are a part of America , this country that I love , " Obama said in the speech . Asked why he did n't denounce the controversial comment when he first heard of them more than a year ago , Obama noted Wright was on the verge of retirement . "  I told him that I profoundly disagreed with his positions . As I said before , he was on , at that stage , on the verge of retirement . ... You make decisions about these issues . And my belief was that given that he was about to retire , that for me to make a political statement respecting my church at that time was n't necessary . " Watch him discuss his former pastor " In the wide-ranging interview , Obama also hit back at rival Clinton 's recent claims that he is standing in the way of revotes in Florida and Michigan . "  Sen. Clinton , I have to say on this , has been completely disingenuous . She said when she was still trying to compete with the votes in Iowa and New Hampshire that Michigan and Florida would n't count , " he said . "  Then , as soon as she got into trouble politically and it looked like she would have no prospects of winning the nomination without having them count , suddenly she 's extraordinarily concerned with the voters there . " "  I understand the politics of it , but let 's be clear that it 's politics , " he added . "  I want the Michigan delegation and the Florida delegation to be seated . And however the Democratic National Committee determines we can get that done , I 'm happy to abide by those rules . " Watch what Obama has to say about DNC rules " Those comments come hours after Clinton made a trip to Michigan and directly urged Obama to join her call to count the Michigan and Florida votes or hold new elections in those states . "  Sen. Obama speaks passionately on the trail about empowering American people . Today , I am urging him to match those words with actions to make sure people of Michigan and Florida have a voice and a vote in this election , " Clinton said at a campaign rally in Detroit . "  This is a crucial test -LSB- for Obama -RSB- -- does he mean what he says or not ? " Michigan and Florida held primaries in January , but the national party stripped them of their delegates for scheduling their contests too early . Michigan has 157 Democratic delegates at stake , and Florida has 211 . On the issue of Iraq , Obama said significant improvements have been made , but the U.S. strategy "  continues to be a failed strategy . " Watch him explain his Iraq position " "  I mean , no one has answered the question as to how this operation in Iraq -- that has now lasted five years , will have cost us more than a trillion dollars and thousands of lives -- how this has made us more safe . " E-mail to a friend	Sen. Obama discusses former pastor with CNN 's Anderson Cooper "  This controversy has actually shaken me up a little bit , " Obama says Obama also blasted Clinton 's claims that he is hindering Michigan , Florida revote Illinois senator says U.S. efforts in Iraq continue to be a "  failed strategy "
EW.com  -- Ashton Kutcher may be one of the highest paid actors on TV right now but he has n't forgotten his roots : EW has learned exclusively that the star of "  Two and a Half Men " will join Mila Kunis , Laura Prepon and Wilmer Valderrama for a "  That '70s Show " reunion during Fox 's 25th Anniversary Special , airing April 22 on the network . Keenan Ivory Wayans , Marlon Wayans and Shawn Wayans will also share stories about their funniest sketches from "  In Living Color " during the two-hour special that will feature Randy Jackson , Jennifer Lopez , Ryan Seacrest and Steven Tyler from "  American Idol , " Kiefer Sutherland from "  24 " and "  Touch , " and Seth MacFarlane from "  Family Guy , " "  The Cleveland Show " and "  American Dad . " Previously announced participants include Christina Applegate , David Faustino , Ed O'Neill and Katey Sagal from "  Married ... With Children , " Calista Flockhart from "  Ally McBeal " , Gabrielle Carteris , Shannen Doherty , Jason Priestley and Ian Ziering from "  Beverly Hills , 90210 , " Patrick Warburton from "  The Tick , " and Gillian Anderson , David Duchovny and creator Chris Carter from "  The X-Files . " A host for the special will be announced later . See the full article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Ashton Kutcher will join Mila Kunis for a "  That '70s Show " reunion The reunion will take place during Fox 's 25th Anniversary Special Gillian Anderson , David Duchovny and "  X-Files " creator will reunite
CNN  -- Brooke Mueller , the ex-wife of actor Charlie Sheen , was arrested early Saturday in Colorado and charged with assault and cocaine possession , police said . Shortly before midnight Friday , police encountered a woman at the Belly Up -- a bar and performance venue in Aspen -- who said Mueller had been "  the aggressor " in an assault , the Colorado city 's police department said in a news release . Mueller was found and arrested after midnight at another bar , Escobar , according to Aspen police . She was charged with possession of cocaine with intent to distribute , which is a felony , and third-degree assault , which is a misdemeanor . She was released after posting an $ 11,000 bond , said Aspen police . A court date is scheduled for December 19 . Mueller has appeared as an actress in several movies , including 2004 's "  A Love Song for Bobby Long , " according to IMDb . But she is more widely known as the ex-wife of Sheen , with whom she has twin sons . The boys and Mueller were part of Sheen 's volatile public fall-out with CBS earlier this year as he left his starring role on the network 's "  Two and Half Men . " She claimed in March that he 'd threatened to kill her , saying , "  I will cut your head off , put it in a box and send it to your mom , " according to a declaration made in a restraining order against Sheen . The revelations led to a court order removing the 2-year-old boys from Sheen 's home . The actor called the allegation "  colorful " and described the quote attributed to him as fabricated in an interview with NBC 's "  Today Show . " Mueller has sought out help for substance abuse and "  stress " related issues in the past . Last December , her attorney Yale Galanter said that she entered a sober living facility . Nine months earlier , in April 2010 , Mueller checked into a treatment facility for help with stress management to prevent a "  return to old problems , " her representative said . She was in substance abuse rehab earlier in 2010 "  to get her health in order , " Galanter said at the time . The couple was involved in an alleged domestic dispute in Aspen on Christmas Day 2009 that resulted in felony charges against Sheen .	Brooke Mueller busted on cocaine , assault charges , police say A woman identified her as "  the aggressor " in an alleged assault She 's the ex-wife of actor Charlie Sheen , with whom she has twin sons She has sought help for substance-abuse issues in the past
CNN  -- Derek Jeter , who led the Yankees to five World Series titles during his first 19 seasons , announced Wednesday that he will retire at the end of the 2014 major league baseball season . "  I could not be more sure . I know it in my heart . The 2014 season will be my last year playing professional baseball , " the Yankees captain and shortstop said in a note posted on his Facebook page . Jeter , who is 10th on the all-time hits leader list with 3.316 hits , missed most of the 2013 season because of ankle injury . "  I know they say that when you dream you eventually wake up . Well , for some reason , I 've never had to wake up . Not just because of my time as a New York Yankee but also because I am living my dream every single day , " wrote Jeter , who was a 13-time all-star and the face of America 's most famous baseball franchise . USA Today baseball columnist Bob Nightengale said on Twitter that Jeter was "  one of the finest class acts in any sport . " With his boyish good looks and ability to get base hits in clutch situations , Jeter charmed New York and led the Yankees resurgence from a franchise that had struggled in the early 1990s . He helped the Yankees to a World Series crown as a 22-year-old shortstop . "  In the 21-plus years in which I have served as commissioner , Major League Baseball has had no finer ambassador than Derek Jeter , " Bud Selig said in a written statement . "  He is one of the most accomplished and memorable players of his -- or any -- era . " Jeter , through his goodbye letter , said he wants to focus on new challenges like business , charitable work and starting a family . And finally having a summer vacation . The Yankees will begin the regular season on April 1 at Houston . CNN 's Jason Durand contributed to this report .	Derek Jeter is 10th on the all-time hit list for major league baseball He has played all 19 seasons for the Yankees , America 's most famous baseball team Jeter , 39 , was injured much of last year He says one of the things he wants to do next is to start a family
MEXICO CITY , Mexico  CNN  -- Mexico has fired more than 700 customs agents and replaced them with better-trained and educated workers who officials hope will be less likely to give in to the temptation of bribery and other crimes . Cars cross the border into Mexico at the customs post in Tijuana on Monday . The new agents were trained by the army to detect the smuggling of weapons , drugs , pirated products and other items , which has increased in recent years due to corruption . But Mexican Department of Customs officials were quick to point out that the military is not taking over at the nation 's 49 customs posts . "  They are not military , " said Customs Chief Juan Jose Bravo . "  They are practically professional , most of them in outside commerce , in similar careers , who are qualified to work in customs matters . " All the new agents underwent psychological exams , drug screenings and background checks , Mexican officials said . The new recruits are between the ages of 18 and 30 ; 65 percent are men and 35 percent are women . Authorities also want to improve the Customs Department 's image . The department is part of the Federal Mexican Government Ministry of Commerce and Industrial Development . "  Of course , the outside perception held by many about officials , and particularly this group , was of high corruption , " Bravo said . "  We did this , fundamentally , because we wanted to professionalize new training with a new plan . " But some security experts believe that replacing the customs agents will not resolve the problem of corruption . "  It 's been perfectly demonstrated that that changing people can be absolutely futile if the structures keep functioning the same way , " said Ernesto Lopez Portillo , executive director of the Institute for Security and Democracy . "  Because the structures , the protocols , the systems are what allow people to comply with regulations . "	More than 700 customs agents replaced with better-trained workers New recruits got psychological exams , drug tests , background checks , officials say Officials want to improve Customs Department 's image , make it more professional Some experts say the problem was n't the old agents , but the system
CNN  -- A man coolly and calmly approached the screening area outside the Pentagon Thursday evening and opened fire , grazing two Pentagon police officers before they returned fire , critically wounding him , officials said . The incident happened at 6:40 p.m. , when the man wearing a coat -- with "  no real emotion in his face " -- approached the officers outside the Pentagon Metro station , said Pentagon Police Chief Richard S. Keevill . "  As the officers started to ask him for his pass to get into the Pentagon , he drew a weapon from his pocket and started shooting immediately at the officers " from a few feet away , Keevill told reporters . "  He drew a gun and just started shooting immediately . " The two Pentagon Force Protection Agency officers returned fire with their semi-automatic Glock .40 - caliber weapons and the suspect , thought to be a U.S. citizen , was critically wounded , Keevill said . He praised the police officers for acting "  quickly and decisively to neutralize him as a threat " without hurting anyone else . Asked how many shots were fired , he said , "  Many . " Keevill would not identify the man . The Pentagon Force Protection Agency is the Pentagon 's police department . Pentagon entrances were locked briefly but all were reopened with the exception of the Pentagon Metro entrance , the Pentagon said in a statement . Lisa McDonald , a spokeswoman for George Washington Hospital , said three people were being treated there -- both officers and the suspect . The Pentagon police department , the Arlington County Police Department , U.S. Secret Service and the FBI were all involved in the investigation , Keevill said . The Pentagon is one of the largest office buildings in the world with three times the floor space of New York 's Empire State Building , according to its official Web site . Some 23,000 military and civilian employees work there . Are you there ? Send images , video Though it contains 17.5 miles of corridors , a person can walk between any two points in the World War II-era building in no more than seven minutes . CNN 's Mike Ahlers , Larry Shaughnessy and Jeanne Meserve contributed to this story .	NEW : Suspect shot at officers at Pentagon screening area , police said NEW : Suspect was injured in return fire from two officers Pentagon police say one person is in custody Three people being treated at George Washington Hospital
CNN  -- Sun , wind and water now rule an area that was once polluted and derelict . In the Swedish city of Malmo , an old shipyard has been converted from industrial wasteland to spotless eco-district , setting a world class example for sustainable living . The area started becoming commercially defunct in the late 80s . Shipping facilities have since been replaced with homes , shops and office buildings whose energy needs are met solely with renewable sources . The project is called ` Bo01 - City of Tomorrow ' and it was started in 2001 , to meet the demands of a growing section of the Swedish population who wanted to change the world through a commitment to live more sustainably , and were willing to make sacrifices to do so . "  It was a challenge for the future , " explains Eva Dalman from the Bo01 architectural team . "  Bo01 was the answer to the question , how could solve the biggest environmental problem , global ones , in a sustainable city development without making those sacrifices ? " The answer came in a mix of architectural design , aesthetics and recycling in an underused land area wedged between the city and the sea . Across the old shipyard , a wind turbine now provides most of the electricity needed for the town , footpaths and cycle tracks have priority , water is drained through a series of ponds , channels and moss-covered rooftops , and geothermal reservoirs underground provide heat in winter and cool air in summer . Food waste is converted to biogas , and then used to run the local buses . Sweden has been using biomethane for transport for nearly a decade , and other countries -- mostly in Europe -- are embracing the idea . Even the occurrence of storms is not feared , but instead harnessed for water collection . In a paper published in the Journal of Green Building , Gary Austin from the University of Idaho heralds the accomplishments made by the project but acknowledges that the energy efficiency of the Bo01 buildings did n't meet their goals and the on-site biodiversity achieved mixed results . But the experts hope to feed these successes into the next generation of projects across Malmo . Bo01 has since blossomed into a larger development now known as the Western Harbour and the entire city plans to be carbon neutral by 2030 . "  We learned a lot from Bo01 , " says Christer Larsson , Director of city planning in Malmo . "  We are reflecting on what we did and why it was as good as it was . " The experimental principles of this project are now being applied in other cities , like Tangshan in China , as part of an eco-district currently under construction that will span over 30 square kilometers . What began as a small , ambitious project , has set a global precedent and the future of industrial wastelands could be significantly greener . Read more from Future Cities : Shared space , where the streets have no rules Drinking sewage : solving Singapore 's water problem Brazil 's idea for future mobility ? The good old bus	A defunct shipyard in the city of Malmo , Sweden , has been transformed into a green , sustainable district The Bo01 project created a residence where 100 percent of energy comes from renewable sources Food waste is converted into biogas for use in local buses The project did n't meet all goals but has set an example now used in eco-projects in other parts of the world
CNN  -- Syrian security forces battled demonstrators Wednesday , killing a dozen more people , a Syrian opposition group said as the Syrian government vowed it was taking steps to achieve democracy . The opposition Local Coordination Committees in Syria  LCCS  reported eight people were killed in Homs , two in the Medan district of Damascus , one in Hama and one in Idlib . A witness in Homs said Syrian forces fired randomly at protesters . "  Tonight , they shut down the electricity and stormed the city , firing shots everywhere , " he said . CNN is unable to confirm reports from Syria independently because of limited access . Throughout the months-long unrest in Syria , the government has said it has been cracking down on "  armed gangs " and "  terrorists , " not peaceful protesters . But witnesses , human rights groups , officials of numerous governments and a U.N. fact-finding mission have reported grave human rights abuses and widespread shootings of unarmed civilians . The opposition London-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights , which gathers information from inside Syria , reported four people killed in Homs . In Idlib province , a 28-year-old man who was arrested by security forces last week when they stormed the town of Khan Sheikhoun died under torture , the observatory said . And in the city of Harasta , security forces carried out a series of raids and detentions to stop large demonstrations , arresting 37 people , the observatory said . Syria 's state-run news agency SANA reported that 14 Syrian citizens "  were martyred in Homs at the hands of the armed terrorist groups who kidnapped , tortured and killed them and mutilated their bodies . " The story , on SANA 's website , included gruesome photos . SANA also reported that "  an armed terrorist group " attacked a bus in Hama on Monday , leaving a woman dead and some other passengers wounded . President Bashar al-Assad issued a decree Tuesday on a local administration law , which has the primary goal of decentralizing authority and placing it "  in the hands of the people to achieve democracy , " SANA reported . The Syrian opposition has called for widespread reforms and for al-Assad 's ouster . The United States and several European nations have echoed that call . Wednesday 's developments came a day after opposition members meeting in Istanbul said dissidents have formed a national council to lead the opposition to al-Assad 's regime . The new council seems to be one of several opposition movements and parties claiming to represent the Syrian opposition inside and outside Syria . The United States and its European allies on the U.N. Security Council began circulating a draft resolution Tuesday that calls for tough sanctions against al-Assad and other top Syrian officials . "  The resolution includes an arms embargo , travel ban and asset freeze on individuals and entities who are responsible for what is happening , " British Deputy Ambassador Philip Parham told reporters . "  But there are things they can do now . They can stop the killing and release detainees . And allow access . " CNN 's Nada Husseini and Kamal Ghattas contributed to this report .	Opposition group reports 12 deaths Wednesday in various Syrian cities One man died under torture , an opposition group says The Syrian government says 14 people were "  martyred " by "  armed terrorist groups " U.N. Security Council members are circulating a draft resolution calling for sanctions
CNN  -- One man 's trash is another man 's treasure . Admittedly , it helps if the trash comes from one of the most famous billionaire businessmen on the planet . When Richard Branson zipped across the Atlantic in the record-breaking time of three days , eight hours and 31 minutes , in 1986 , his magnificent powerboat was held up as the cutting edge of design . But almost 30 years later , the $ 2.3 million Atlantic Virgin Challenger II which captured our imaginations , had been left to rot in a remote Spanish boatyard . Until now . A British boat builder -- who as a teenager watched Branson thump across the waves in style -- has rescued the iconic powerboat from the scrapyard in an ambitious plan to restore her to former glory . "  She looked so sorry for herself , tucked away in this boatyard , surrounded by numerous other boats rotting away in a type of nautical graveyard , " said boat builder and new owner , Dan Stevens . "  It was such an amazing boat and an amazing achievement -- a piece of maritime history . We want to restore her and bring her back to the UK where she belongs . " Branson himself has backed the ambitious project , tweeting : "  So many memories on Virgin Atlantic Challenger II , would be great to see it back on the ocean . " Indeed , footage of a young Branson speeding from New York to Britain 's Isle of Scilly in a sleek 22-meter powerboat , epitomized the technological spirit of the era . After all , this was 1986 : IBM had just unveiled its first laptop , the Soviet Union was launching the Mir Space Station and Tom Cruise kept daring us to fly ever higher in the hit film "  Top Gun " . Yet peer inside Challenger II today , and you 'll find a sagging , faded 1980s time warp . "  It 's like stepping back in time , " Stevens said of the boat which had notched up just 800 hours on the clock . "  It still has all the Virgin livery , original charts , electronics and seats . " "  It 's amazing just looking out the window -- a bit like sitting in the front seat in Knight Rider , " he added , referring to the 1982 TV series starring David Hasselhoff and a sci-fi car . After smashing the record books , Virgin Atlantic Challenger II is believed to have been sold to a Saudi Arabian sultan , whose faded coat of arms still adorns the boat . In 2005 it was sold again to a secret owner who "  kept it in the Mediterranean but rarely used it , " said Stevens . "  The boat was towed into Palma where she started to degrade quite quickly . " Work is now underway repairing the vessel which had been left languishing in a boatyard for the last eight years , with plans to test her on the open seas next month . Challenger II will have a new engine , fuel tank , electronic equipment and interior -- all in keeping with the original style . Once complete , the legendary vessel will travel 2,400 kilometers to Stevens ' boat building business , Seahawks Workboats in south west England , with plans to tour her across the country . The vessel had been advertised for $ 380,000 , though Stevens declined to say how much he paid for it . "  She could have very easily been set for the scrapyard , " he said . "  Many people had seen her , but I think a lot had been scared off by the amount of work needed . " Challenger II may have cemented her place in maritime history , but it was n't all smooth sailing for the record-breaking Atlantic crossing . Branson 's first attempt at the Blue Riband Transatlantic Challenge -- the award for the fastest crossing of the ocean -- ended in disaster in 1985 when Virgin Atlantic Challenger I sunk off the south west coast of England . Unfortunately for Branson , he was denied the Blue Riband after breaking two rules of the competition - stopping to refuel and using a vessel which did not have a commercial maritime purpose . Regardless , he was showered in champagne greeted by cheering crowds upon arrival in Britain -- despite the pouring rain . Today , Challenger II may be a little worse for wear . But much like that other 1980s icon , film Back to the Future , Stevens may soon turn back the clock on the legendary power boat .	Richard Branson 's record-breaking speedboat discovered in Spanish boatyard British boat builder plans to restore Virgin Atlantic Challenger II Virgin Media mogul backs ambitious plan to return boat to Britain Sleek speedboat epitomized 1980s technological spirit
Beijing , China  CNN  -- The Shanghai court trying an Australian Rio Tinto executive on charges of bribery and theft of commercial secrets will deliver its verdict on Monday . Australian consular officials will be in court when it renders its decision on the fate of Stern Hu , the Australian Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade said Thursday . It was not immediately clear whether the court will also announce on the same day the verdict against three other Rio Tinto employees who were tried on the same charges . The three-day trial of the four employees of the mining giant ended Wednesday . Charged in the case were Stern Hu , an Australian citizen of Chinese origin who was the general manager of Rio Tinto 's Shanghai office . Hu has been in detention for nine months , along with Rio Tinto 's three Chinese employees -- Liu Caikui , Ge Minqiang and Wang Yong . Rio Tinto , a British-Australian company , is one of the largest mining companies in the world . The case has raised fears of a government crackdown on foreign companies doing business in China . When is a gift considered bribery ? The trial was closed to foreign news organizations , hindering independent confirmation of developments . Australian consular officials were allowed in the Shanghai courtroom for the bribery phase of the case , but were barred from witnessing the theft portion . Hu is accused of receiving two bribes : one for 1 million yuan  $ 146,490  and another for 5.3 million yuan  $ 790,000  . The Australian Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade said he "  made some admissions concerning these amounts , " but did not elaborate . The Chinese government initially accused the four of stealing state secrets when they were first detained , but the charges were reduced to theft of commercial secrets several months ago . Hu and the others were detained in July . China says the four bribed executives from 16 of the nation 's major steel mills to obtain industry information . In China , obtaining commercial secrets carries a maximum penalty of seven years in prison . Rio Tinto has called the allegations surprising and said it was not aware of any evidence . The detentions took place about a month after Rio Tinto broke off an investment deal with China state-owned Chinalco , a resources company , that was worth more than $ 19 billion . The deal with Chinalco was signed in February 2009 and was awaiting a review by Australia 's foreign investment board . The deal soured as opposition party members in Australia ratcheted up their disapproval , saying it would put Australian resources at strategic risk . Others saw the deal as an alliance that would further link resource-rich Australia with the commodities-hungry Chinese market .	Mining firm executive on charges of bribery and theft of commercial secrets Three other Rio Tinto employees tried on the same charges Case has raised fears of Chinese government crackdown on foreign companies
RollingStone.com  -- Save for some bit roles in a smattering of unremarkable TV shows , the world has n't heard much from Ben Savage since 2000 . That 's when his reign as Cory Matthews , the lovable goofball lead on the seminal Nineties sitcom "  Boy Meets World , " came to an end . But last week , with one tweet , Savage returned to our lives : "  I 'm going to be a father ! " the 32-year-old wrote . "  Well , on TV at least . The ` Boy Meets World ' sequel is officially happening ! " Yes , much to the delight of twentysomething TGIF aficionados everywhere , "  Boy Meets World " is getting a reboot . Titled "  Girl Meets World , " the spinoff series , which is set to begin shooting in February and will air on the Disney Channel , stars both Savage and Danielle Fishel  as his wife , Topanga Lawrence  and follows the couple 's experience raising a 13-year-old daughter . Rolling Stone needed more answers , so we rang up Savage to find which , if any , old cast members would be returning , and how he 's preparing for impending fatherhood . Rolling Stone : Congratulations are in order . What has life been like since the Girl Meets World announcement ? Ben Savage : It 's been pretty ... I 'm gon na say pretty exciting . Let 's leave it at that . RS : Are you surprised at how insanely happy people are about this ? Savage : Well , it was very nice . I 'll say it was exciting and flattering that people are still so excited about the show after all this time . 100 Best Albums of the Nineties RS : The show 's popularity is tied into people 's Nineties-related nostalgia . How aware were you of the show 's revered status among people of a certain age ? Savage : I mean , I knew it was a highly-regarded show , and I know it holds a special place in people 's hearts after all this time . Like I said , it 's very flattering . But , you know , the other thing is , it was a big part of my childhood as well . As important as it is to a lot of fans and a lot of people who watched our show , it 's just as important to me after all this time . It was an integral part of my life too , obviously . RS : Apparently it was a big part of Snooki 's and Brooklyn Decker 's , as well . Savage : It 's a little ridiculous . It 's very nice , though . All of it is very flattering . I know a lot of people grew up with that show . The funny thing is , back then -- and it sounds like I 'm talking about some prehistoric age -- it was not long ago we did n't have as much options of cable television and Internet . And we were all kind of in the same place at one point just watching TGIF on Friday nights . And so , to a lot of people , this show means a lot . RS : Thanks to your role as Cory Matthews and your brother Fred 's as Kevin Arnold on "  The Wonder Years , " many people feel they know the Savage family on an intimate level . Savage : At the risk of using this word too often , it 's flattering . And it 's very nice that people think of us that way . It 's nice that we have a special bond with the public . RS : Much of the show 's success and continued popularity over the years is due to its ability to speak to both kids and adults . Savage : I guess it was kind of a hybrid of a kids ' show and an adult show . We were just having fun on that show . Everyone was just kind of having a blast . The writers were a lot of fun . And the directors were always fun . And the acting was always fun . It was just a fun experience . So hopefully that came across to our viewers . At the same time , we tried to communicate some sort of message that was somewhat wholesome and had some sort of meaning . And I think people appreciate it . I think people can really appreciate a show with a good message , but one that does that with some humor . Nineties fashion gets a second spin RS : Had the idea for a Boy Meets World sequel come up over the years ? Savage : In an official capacity , no . This was really the first time where it had sort of been mentioned in an official way . I mean , people have been discussing it for a long time -- some sort of movie-of-the-week or some sort of , I guess , some sort of film about the show . But I think that everyone associated with the show wanted to make sure that if we were to come back , that we were n't going to do it in a way that was going to be a disservice to the show . No one wanted to really cash in , if you will , too early , or no one really wanted to do something that was going to be cheesy . So when we all decided to get together for this , there were a lot of discussions . I mean , this has been going on for months in an unofficial way . But the build-up to this Girl Meets World series , there was a lot of discussions and a lot of conversations to make sure we were all on the same page about what we were doing . RS : Were you hesitant to sign on ? Savage : Let me say this : It was n't that I was resistant ... I think it was just a matter of making sure all of us were on the same page about what we were going to do in terms of making the show last another seven years , hopefully . There were different options around of following our characters or following this . But it just seems a little poetic that we 're coming back 13 years later and it 's following our daughter 's character . I like that concept , because it 's very poetic and it 's kind of passing it off to the next generation . RS : The sequel would n't have worked without both you and Danielle Fishel returning . Savage : It was interesting how it came together . But Danielle and I had definitely had a lot of discussions of what we wanted to do , and if we were both onboard . Again , just making sure that everything was right and we felt right about it . Listen , the people that are doing the show -- Michael Jacobs is the executive producer -- they know what we 're about , and they know what we 're looking for . I guess it 's also a matter of trust that we 're all on the same page . ' ` Boy Meets World ' : Where are they now ? RS : A lot of people are wondering if other original cast members , such as Rider Strong 's Shawn or Bill Daniels ' Mr. Feeny , will be back in the mix . Savage : We 're going to wait and see what happens . Obviously , I do n't want to give away too many details . But there 's definitely been discussions about some of everyone 's favorite characters popping up in the show and making appearances . We 'll see what happens . RS : We 'd like to see a return of Lee Norris ' Stuart Minkus . Savage : -LSB- laughs -RSB- That 's definitely an interesting way to go . I 'm not sure when he stopped being on the show . I 'm not sure , but I 'm definitely in favor of a return of Minkus . Why not ? RS : When do you start shooting ? Savage : We start shooting , I think , February of next year . RS : Some people are worried the show will be a bust . Savage : We want to do justice to the characters , and we want to make sure we respect people 's memories of the show . It 's funny , a lot of the tweets and emails and mentions I 've gotten are from a lot of people who are worried that the show wont ' hold up . And that we should n't do it because it 's going to ruin a lot of their childhood memories . And I totally can understand that -- I get it . I know there are things that they 've done in the past where I feel like it 's ruined my childhood memories . And I did n't like that . But we 're really working hard and doing everything we can to make sure that this is going to be something special and funny , and hopefully it 'll make new memories for a new generation . RS : How does it feel knowing you 're about to be a father -- onscreen , that is ? Savage : Well , I du n no -LSB- laughs -RSB- . In real life I 've just been an uncle up to this point . Which has been great -- it 's a nice role . We 'll see how fatherhood works for me . Rolling Stone looks back on nineties with new anthology RS : Maybe you can draw from your experiences as an uncle for the role . Savage : Perhaps . I think it 's slightly different . Being an uncle is easy . You just get to stick around for the fun pasts . RS : No babies waking you up in the middle of the night . Savage : Exactly . RS : Have you started the casting process for the role of yours and Danielle 's daughter ? Savage : We 're working on that right now . There have been a few names tossed around . We 're meeting with girls and auditioning and that whole process . You know , we 're slowly trying to find the perfect girl . RS : Lastly , how often do random strangers call you Cory ? Savage : It 's a bit of a humblebrag if I make that complaint . I 'll just say , again , going back to our favorite word , it 's always very flattering when people recognize me . See original story at RollingStone.com .	Savage will play the father in the "  Boy Meets World " reboot He said he and co-star Danielle Fishel had a lot of talk about what to do In real life he does n't have any children of his own
CNN  -- The opening day of the World Cup brought joy and sadness to the host nation as Brazil won its first game , rallying to defeat Croatia 3-1 . But it was a day marred by a small , but contentious , protest over the billions spent on the sports spectacle . Here are five things that happened Thursday as the first ball was kicked in Sao Paulo . Protest problems The most expensive World Cup is underway . Brazilian officials shelled out $ 11 billion on the tournament , three times what organizers in South Africa spent for the 2010 Cup . Not surprisingly , there are Brazilians who believe the money could have been better spent . With reporters descending on Sao Paulo for the opening match , protesters tried to make their way toward Arena Corinthians stadium and were met by tear-gas firing riot police . The cops ' goal : To keep the demonstrators from reaching the main avenue , leading to the stadium . It was n't a big protest , but it was met with a big response . At least one person appeared to be arrested . Several people were injured , including a CNN producer and reporter . Mind control The best kick of the day went perhaps two yards . A paraplegic , identified by the BBC as 29-year-old Juliano Pinto , wore an exoskeleton and a blue cap fitted with electrodes . The electrodes helped him use his brain to control the exoskeleton to take a few steps and take the ceremonial first kick before the opening match It went about 6 feet before a ball boy scooped it up and took it to the center of the match officials . "  We did it !!! " Dr. Miguel Nicolelis tweeted . Nicolelis , a Brazilian-born neuroscience professor at Duke University , and a group of scores of scientists developed the exoskeleton after they decoded the alphabet of neurons in the brain and figured out how to transmitted the mind 's language to devices outside the brain . Bad start That penalty that everyone is talking about , the one that should never have been given , well , it should probably have been stopped . It was a double punch in the gut for Croatian fans . First , referee Yuichi Nishimura awarded Brazil an undeserved penalty kick . It seemed obvious to almost everyone watching the match that Brazilian striker Fred went down in the penalty area on his own , but Nishimura must have thought there was contact from a Croatian defender . Then when Neymar 's hit his spot kick , goalkeeper Stipe Pletikosa guessed correctly and got a hand on the ball -- but he could n't stop it from going in the goal . Croatia 's coach did n't worry about any fines from FIFA after the match for critical remarks against the referee . "  It 's ridiculous . If we continue in this way , we will have a circus , " said Niko Kova , according to Yahoo Sports . "  If that 's how we start the World Cup , then we may as well give up and go home now . " Maybe it 's time for a manager 's challenge and instant replay ? When doves die You release three doves in an open-air stadium with 60,000 screaming people and helicopters circling overhead , what could go wrong ? Well , it appears from media reports that at least one -- possibly two -- did n't live to see themselves home . One dove took a header into the stands almost immediately after liftoff , wrote the New York Times . Other media reported a second crashed . But there was good news . "  Exciting dove update , " tweeted Hadley Freeman of the Guardian newspaper , "  The one remaining dove has flown into the press box ! " It was n't the first misstep of the day . During the opening ceremony , the motorized stage riser hiccupped as rapper Pitbull and singer Jennifer Lopez ascended from inside the setup . At one point , it even appeared it might sink back under the stage . But it stopped and Pitbull stepped up a few feet and , once out , helped JLo out from the hole . Traffic trouble The United States , which plays it first match of the tournament on Monday , wanted to have a private scrimmage against Belgium on Thursday . But with a transit strike making bad traffic worse , Belgium coach Marc Wilmots and U.S. coach Jurgen Klinsmann agreed to call off the match , Sports Illustrated reported . Perhaps they should have rescheduled and traveled during the Brazil-Croatia match ; the roads of Sao Paulo were practically empty then . Except for the protesters and riot police ...	Some protesters think Brazil is not rich enough to spend so much money for a sporting event Man takes ceremonial first kick in robotic outfit controlled by his brain Three doves were released before the match and bad things happened U.S. , Belgium had to change plans for a scrimmage due to potential travel troubles
NEW DELHI , India  CNN  -- Police imposed a curfew in Jaipur on Wednesday , a day after near-simultaneous bomb attacks in the ancient Indian city killed at least 63 people and wounded more than 200 . Indian women mourn the death of their relatives in the May 13 serial blasts in Jaipur . Vasundhara Raje , chief minister of Rajasthan -- the state of which Jaipur is the capital -- blamed an "  unnamed international terror group " for the attack , but said it was too early in the investigation to specify which one . H.G. Ragavendhra , Jaipur 's superintendent of police , told CNN that police found nine newly-purchased bicycles at the scene , and think they were used to carry the explosives . The owner of the bike shop is helping police draw a sketch of the person who purchased them . Police have also picked up six suspects and were questioning them . Jaipur , known as the "  pink city " for its rose-colored forts and palaces , is a popular tourist attraction . The majority Hindu city of 2.7 million people has a sizable Muslim population . The day-long curfew , authorities said , was meant to prevent "  communal violence . " It was intended to prevent large crowds from gathering at the blast site and hampering the investigation , said Jaipur police director Kanhaiya Lal . Also , tempers could flare as mourners spend the day carrying bodies to their home villages and to crematoriums , he said . Home ministry officials suspect the Islamic militant group Harkat-ul-Jihad al-Islami  HuJi  of being behind the attacks , according to CNN 's sister network CNN-IBN and the Press Trust of India . No one has claimed responsibility . In the past , officials have blamed attacks within its borders on "  foreign " Islamic extremist groups fighting against Indian rule in the disputed Himalayan territory of Kashmir . It is a term that is commonly understood to refer to Pakistan . Kashmir has been the source of bitter dispute and two wars between India and Pakistan . Both control parts of the region , which is predominantly Muslim . Pakistan has denied any involvement in the attacks . See the aftermath of the explosions . " Raje told reporters Wednesday that the military had been placed on alert and security tightened around the borders of the state , the western edge of which lies next to Pakistan . She also took to task the central government , saying it had provided no advance warning about the possibility of such an attack . Furthermore , Raje said , the central government left a state-proposed organized crime bill unapproved for two years . The bill would have allowed local police more leeway to interrogate suspects plotting attacks , she said . On Tuesday evening , eight bombs tore through crowded markets and a packed Hindu temple in Jaipur 's walled city . The blasts went off within a 12-minute span and within 500 meters  0.3 miles  of each other . Police defused a ninth bomb . The Jaipur blasts bear an eerie resemblance in its pattern to a deadly attack two years ago in India 's financial capital , Mumbai . In July 2006 , more than 200 people were killed when seven explosions targeted commuter trains in Mumbai , formerly Bombay . In that incident , the explosions went off within a span of 11 minutes . Both attacks used RDX , one of the most powerful kinds of military explosives , and ammonium nitrate , an oxidizing agent in explosives . And both attacks took place during the evening hours and on Tuesdays . The Jaipur blasts occurred near the temple on a day when devotees pray to Hanuman , the Hindu monkey king . Nearby markets and bazaars that were also targeted were filled with tourists and locals . In the Mumbai attack , the blasts were timed to go off during the height of rush hour . And authorities said the bombs all appeared to have been planted on trains that left the Churchgate station -- used daily by thousands of commuters in the metropolis of more than 11 million people . Indian officials blamed Pakistan 's intelligence services and a Pakistan-based militant group , Lashkar-e-Tayyiba , for the attack . Pakistan , which banned Lashkar-e-Tayyiba in 2002 , denied any involvement . The Jaipur blast has one more element in common with yet another deadly attack : the use of bicycles . Just as on Tuesday , assailants used bombs strapped to bicycles in an attack at a mosque in the western Indian city of Malegaon in September 2006 . At least 33 people were killed and more than 100 wounded in that explosion , which took place on a Friday -- when the mosque is filled with Muslim worshippers . That attack was also blamed Lashkar-e-Tayyiba . Authorities have not connected the Jaipur blast to any previous attacks . HuJi -- or the Movement of Islamic Holy War -- is considered a terrorist organization by the United States . It is banned in neighboring Bangladesh , where it is accused of carrying out several attacks , including a foiled plot to kill the country 's former Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina in 2000 . And it has been blamed for several attacks inside India , including one at the American Center in Calcutta that killed five policemen in 2002 . India ranks among the countries where terrorism is most common , the U.S. State Department said . "  The conflict in Jammu and Kashmir , attacks by extreme leftist Naxalites and Maoists in eastern and central India , assaults by ethno-linguistic nationalists in the northeastern states , and terrorist strikes nationwide by Islamic extremists took more than 2,300 lives this year , " the agency said . CNN 's Tess Eastment and Saeed Ahmed contributed to this report .	Police impose a curfew in Jaipur day after bomb attacks kill at least 63 people Local Indian official blames "  unnamed international terror group " for blasts Bombs explode within 12 minutes of each other , 200 people also wounded Police suspect bicycles may have been used to carry the bombs
CNN  -- Authorities in Pennsylvania arrested a 19-year-old Russian man Friday and charged him with possession of a weapon of mass destruction , Altoona police said in a written statement . Police officers were investigating a reported marijuana-growing operation when they discovered a homemade bomb and bomb-making materials in a suitcase , the news release said . Vladislav Miftakhov , a Russian citizen , was arrested and charged with possessing a weapon of mass destruction , risking a catastrophe and drug-related offenses . He was arraigned Friday and bail was set at $ 500,000 , Blair County corrections officer James McMahon said Sunday . According to a criminal complaint , police found one pound of atomized magnesium and one pound of Chinese potassium perchlorate along with a package labeled potassium nitrate powder . They also found fuses and several containers of compressed air . When asked what he was going to do with two devices that were found with exposed fuses , Miftakhov said "  he was going to blow things up , " the complaint alleges . Miftakhov later said he only intended to set devices off in a field and was n't going to blow anything up , the document says . He told police that he had previously experimented with other homemade explosives in California . Authorities found five marijuana seedlings and a grow light , the complaint says . Miftakhov will next appear in court on February 5 . He will be assigned a public defender , McMahon said . The Pennsylvania State Police bomb squad "  safely deconstructed " the device , officials said . According to the release , Miftakhov told officers that he had purchased materials for the bomb on the Internet . A man who lived in the same building told CNN affiliate WTAJ that Miftakhov was "  the weirdest individual that I 've ever met , " but Andrew Leff added that he did n't think Miftakhov had done anything dangerous before . Leff told the Altoona Mirror , which identified him as an apartment-mate , that Miftakhov had recently set off three small homemade bombs outside the apartment , leaving small craters in the ground . Another roommate , Steven Taylor , said Miftakhov was quiet . "  He barely talked , " he told the newspaper . An independent student newspaper said the Russian native is a student at Penn State Altoona , a branch of the university about 40 miles from the main campus . The Altoona campus has about 3,645 full-time students , according to the school 's website . Austin bomb an amateur job or something more insidious ? Seattle hash oil kitchen explodes ; marijuana farm in basement CNN 's AnneClaire Stapleton contributed to this report .	NEW : Criminal complaint says suspect was found with two devices with exposed fuses NEW : Vladislav Miftakhov said he was going to set off devices in a field , document says Miftakhov , a 19-year-old Russian citizen , was arrested Friday Officers originally went to his residence to check for marijuana plants
Granite Falls , Minnesota  CNN  -- As a boy in Ireland , Francis Markey dreamed of becoming a priest and serving parishioners all over the world . His dream of ordination came true , but his relationship with parishioners has become the object of international scrutiny . Now 82 years old , Markey is sitting in an Indiana jail awaiting extradition to Ireland to face the charge that he raped a boy more than 40 years ago . His story is part of a growing crisis in the Irish Catholic Church , which has recently admitted its leaders hid , moved and even exported suspected pedophile priests abroad to cover up horrific crimes . Deeply Catholic Ireland has been badly shaken by a government-backed report that found the Archdiocese of Dublin and other church authorities covered up child abuse by priests from 1975 to 2004 . Child sexual abuse was widespread then , the report found . Pope Benedict XVI said Wednesday that he has finished writing an official statement , or pastoral letter , on the child abuse scandal facing the Irish church and he is expected to release the letter on Saturday . The head of the Irish Catholic Church , Cardinal Sean Brady , said Wednesday that the church 's response to abuse had been "  hopelessly inadequate . " As a priest , Markey was first suspended in 1964 and sent for psychiatric treatment in Dublin . Throughout the '60s and '70s he was suspended and sent for treatment three times . Eventually , he was sent to New Mexico , where the Catholic church ran a treatment facility for priests with various addictions and sexual problems . In 1982 , Markey resurfaced in the tiny Minnesota town of Granite Falls to fill in for a priest at the small parish of St. Andrew . It was there and then that a boy would come to the priest 's home , just across the street from church , and find himself in Markey 's arms . "  As I was leaving , he gave me a hug and as he did so he stuck his tongue down my throat , " that person , now grown , told CNN . "  He had been drinking . ... I ca n't say if he was drunk but he was definitely drinking . " The man , who requested anonymity , said the abuse never went further . But Markey 's arrest in Indiana , based on the accusation against him in Ireland , has refocused attention not only on the Irish church , but also on the secrets of a small-town Minnesota parish . "  To this day , I wonder how many people ... had encounters with him , " said the man who says Markey kissed him as a child . Markey 's attorney did not return calls from CNN . The Rev. James Moran , the St. Andrew priest who Markey filled in for in the early '80s , said he knew nothing of the allegations against Markey . But the diocese overseeing St. Andrew told CNN that Markey was sent from the church to treatment because parents were concerned he had an "  unnatural attraction to minor males . " He never returned to the parish . Now , decades later , some of Markey 's former Granite Falls parishioners may see their old priest again -- in the benches of a courtroom in Ireland , where he is expected to stand trial .	Francis Markey awaits extradition on charge he raped a boy 40 years ago Ex-parishioner in Minnesota says Markey hugged and kissed him Markey was sent from Minnesota for treatment when parents showed concern
CNN  -- Sergio Perez is to leave Formula One team McLaren at the end of the 2013 season after just one year with the British marque . The 23-year-old , known in his home nation of Mexico as "  Checo " , is one of the country 's biggest sporting stars , but has struggled after his high-profile move to one of the sport 's biggest outfits prior to the start of this campaign . Perez , McLaren stablemate of 2009 Formula One world champion Jenson Button , has yet to record a podium finish this season and is 12th in the standings on 35 points -- 312 behind leader Sebastien Vettel , of Red Bull . Speculation has been rife in recent weeks that Perez was set to leave the team , with McLaren young driver Kevin Magnussen tipped to replace him . Now Perez has confirmed via a statement on his official Twitter page that he is to leave McLaren but insists he will give his all in the final two races of the season . "  First of all , I would like to thank McLaren for giving me the opportunity to be with them this season , " he Perez . "  It has been an honor for me to have been in one of the most competitive teams in the sport and I do not regret even a bit having joined them . "  I have always given the best of me for the team and still despite this I could not achieve what I aimed for in this historic team . " Perez has just two races left , starting with the United States Grand Prix in Austin this weekend in which he is likely to be supported by a huge Mexican contingent , the circuit in Texas lying just 200 miles from the border . "  I am committed to delivering very good results in these last two races , especially in Austin , " he said . "  I am so much looking forward to see all my people gathered together , feel their energy and show them the best of me . "  I would like to say to every single one of my fans around the world and in my country that I am eternally grateful to them . They have never let me down , especially in difficult moments like these . "  I truly appreciate their support , they have never forgotten me . I have met a lot of new people at McLaren and I have made many good friends as well . I am eternally grateful to them . It has been a learning experience to me . " McLaren has struggled to keep pace with Red Bull , Sebastian Vettel securing his fourth straight drivers ' championship crown at the Indian Grand Prix last month . They last won the drivers ' title in 2008 when Lewis Hamilton triumphed , though the Briton now drives for Mercedes , and last took the constructors ' crown in 1998 . McLaren 's official Twitter account linked to a story in which team principal Martin Whitmarsh was quoted as saying : "  First of all , we would like to thank Checo for his kind and gracious statement , and for being a fine team member during the 2013 Formula 1 season . "  There are still two grands prix yet to run this year , and our collective focus is on scoring as many points as we can in those two remaining races . "  Checo has made many friends during his time at McLaren -- and , together , as a team , we intend to do our utmost to help him finish his year with us with two good results , especially here in Austin , where he has so many fans . "  We wish him well for the future , and are sure that he will have many successes ahead of him . "  As regards our driver line-up for next year , no 2014 deal has yet been signed with any driver except Jenson , and we therefore have nothing further to announce at this time . As and when that situation progresses , we will make a further announcement accordingly . "	Mexican driver Sergio Perez is to leave F1 team McLaren at the end of 2013 season Perez to depart British-based team after only one season at their stable The 23-year-old is currently 12th in the standings with a best grand prix finish of 5th Reports claim McLaren young driver Kevin Magnussen will be his replacement
Ningbo , China  CNN  -- China 's football team did not make it to the World Cup this year , but that does not mean the country 's presence has not been felt : The Asian giant has cornered the market on perhaps the most unforgettable off-field aspect of the World Cup -- the vuvuzela . Ninety percent of the vuvuzelas , the plastic South African trumpet whose loud rasp has become synonymous with the 2010 World Cup , are made in China , according to the China Daily . The Chinese did it the same way they have done for so many other products : low costs and quick production at factories like the one run by Wu Yuye just outside the southern Chinese city of Ningbo . With a few dozen staff , they make more than 20,000 bugles a day . So far this year , they have churned out more than 1 million of them . "  I 'm very proud that our vuvuzelas made it to World Cup in South Africa , especially since we have such a small family factory , " Wu said . And she is not alone . A recent poll in the state media found that more than 60 percent of respondents were proud the "  made in China " vuvuzelas were so popular in South Africa . Making the trumpets is simple : plastic is melted into a mold and then it sets . A small group of women take off the sharp edges to finish off the process . Wu said it costs about US$ 0.40 to make each vuvuzela . But outside the stadiums in Johannesburg , the vuvuzelas can sell for up to $ 8 . Despite the markup , not much is coming back to the Chinese manufacturers . Wu said she makes just a few cents on each one . "  Although we do n't make a lot of money , I 'm sure we 'll have a good future making these , " she said . That 's because Wu and all the vuvuzela makers in China are looking beyond the World Cup . Domestic orders are starting to come in , including for the Asian Games in Guangzhou later this year . Wu is hoping that the vuvuzela will be the next must have accessory for all sports fans -- maybe the next giant foam finger -- at events like baseball , basketball or rugby . While a lot of debate has centered on the loud and droning noise of the vuvuzela , Wu has the tact of a business person who knows where the sales are . "  The vuvuzela is a tradition in South Africa , it makes a happy sound , " she said .	State media : 90 percent of vuvuzelas are made in China Poll finds that 60 percent of respondents are proud Chinese-made vuvuzelas so popular Vuvuzelas made by melting plastic into a mold Domestic customers are ordering the trumpets for the Asian Games
San Francisco  CNN  -- Google is making some changes to its most well-known product : search . The tweaks , updates and beta projects are all part of Google 's attempt to make searches faster and more relevant . For starters , Google is bringing its Siri-esque voice search feature to the iPad and iPhone . The company expects to roll out an update to its free Google Search app later this week with the new feature , which uses speech-recognition technology to understand spoken , natural language search requests . Though it has not yet been approved , Google said it is working with Apple to get the app out . Depending on how you phrase your question or request , the app will bring up text answers and images or play YouTube videos . The app also can give answers specific to your location , such as movie times or weather . For example , "  Play the sleepy kitten video " should automatically bring up and start playing a video of said exhausted feline , and "  What 's the weather here next week ? " will show a weather report for that exact period . The version of this search-by-voice feature was already available for Android 4.1 users , and Google says it will be available for older versions of Android at some point in the future . There also are some subtle changes coming to English versions of the search engine around the world , starting Thursday . Auto-predict , the sometimes amusing feature that shows popular search terms that start with the words you are typing , will be joined by smarter , more relevant suggestions . The feature works by tapping the company 's knowledge graph , which is a database of more than 500 million "  objects . " An object can be anything in the real world , such as a location , public figure , movie , sports team or company . For example , a search for "  Luxor " will suggest the Las Vegas casino , the city and the original Egyptian temple in search field . Another new feature is the knowledge carousel -- a collection of frequently mentioned results for certain search terms that will appear as a row of thumbnail images at the top of the screen . A search for famous astronauts will bring up images of relevant people , along with dates of birth and death . Clicking on one of these links updates the page 's search results to show links about that person . It also works for other things such as locations , museums , animals or albums . The final feature announced Wednesday is a beta project that loops your Gmail account into the search results . When the feature is on , Google will search the Web as well as all the e-mails in your account and include a list of relevant e-mails or contacts on the side of your screen . For some common queries , Google will parse the e-mails to isolate key bits of information , much like travel app TripIt . A search for "  my flights " will pull flight information for upcoming trips you may have booked , and present it along with data from the Web , like an updated flight status . The feature has been tested by several thousand Google employees , and now the company is opening up the trial to a test group of a million . Anyone can sign up to try the feature at g.co / searchtrial , although it will only work on the main Google.com site in English . These tweaks are the survivors of a huge number of experiments Google has done for search . In 2011 , the search team conducted 58,000 experiments on search and made 530 tweaks to how search works . Google says it has found more than 30 trillion unique URLs on the Web , crawls 20 billion sites a day and processes 100 billion searches every month . Amit Singhal , Google 's senior vice president of engineering , said the changes bring Google one step closer to his dream of being like Capt. Kirk on "  Star Trek " and using the starship computer to find out anything he needed to know . "  The destiny of search is to become that ` Star Trek ' computer , " he said .	Google is bringing Siri-like voice search features to its iPhone and iPad app Search engine will now return suggestions for topics you are trying to search A new Gmail search tool is available as a beta project
Lagos , Nigeria  CNN  -- Fingers tickle keyboards fastidiously , bright-colored walls boast signs reading "  We Code Hard , " and an idle foosball table waits for its next contenders . These are all signs you 've entered a place for passionate tech enthusiasts . But if ` Bosun Tijani has his way , this is where Nigeria 's next great idea will be born . Tijani is co-founder of the Co-Creation Hub -- or CcHub -- in Lagos , part of a 21st-century technology movement sweeping the African continent . Similar to Kenya 's iHub and the newly opened Jozi Hub in South Africa , Nigeria 's version also creates a state-of-the-art space for like-minded people to collaborate and innovate . The CcHub , though , aims to stand out from the pack with its focus on social responsibility . Read more : ` Africa 's tallest building ' set for $ 10 billion tech city New smartphones and tablet computers may be trendy , says Tijani , but they 're more powerful when harnessed in a way that improves healthcare , increases voter registration or "  bridges the gap between citizens and government . " Tackling that last concept is Oluseun Onigbinde , an original paying member of this innovation space and creator of the data-visualization site YourBudgIT.com . Onigbinde and his team have built colorful infographics explaining the highly complex , and some might say boring , Nigerian federal financial system . In one area , users can click through an animated display showing tiles sized relative to each and every government expense . If you click on a tile , like the Ministry of Education for example , additional breakdowns emerge showing how its money is divided . All of the information is current , some is displayed as maps or pie charts , and one section even allows users to experiment with increasing and decreasing specific funds . "  Most people never went to school to do public finance or economics , " says Onigbinde , "  so you 're -LSB- helping -RSB- people understand these things " that are important to everyday life . Read more : Why tech innovators are Africa 's future Other developers , like Sola Ajayi , have their sights set on mobile phone applications . Ajayi created Efiko  which means bookworm  -- a multi-platform app of timed quizzes with shareable results aimed at secondary school students . Even young filmmakers enjoy coming to the CcHub to network with tech-savvy developers who might be able to help with movie editing or special effects software . The seemingly limitless potential of the CcHub made it a popular pillar of Nigeria 's first ever Social Media Week . The global conference , which last month took place simultaneously in 10 cities stretching from New York to Tokyo , attracted entrepreneurs , investors , academics and government officials . Nigeria was the only African country to host an SMW event , and according to its global organizers , Lagos was the third "  most social " city out of the entire bunch . Tijani 's excitement , and exhaustion , during the event was evident as dozens of eager outsiders walked through the CcHub 's workspace and filled its rooftop lounge . Understandable when you consider he and his team also squeezed in an hours-long meeting with Intel executives interested in what these young Nigerians are doing . Read more : Lagos Social Media Week : A local 's guide to the city CcHub 's founders chose a central location for the hub because of a well thought out long-term strategy . It sits near the University of Lagos , so Nigerian students can easily visit , close to a design school so creative artists feel welcome , and down the street from more than a dozen tech startup companies so they can connect physically with like-minded entrepreneurs . Tijani says the next step is to convince the regional government to install fiber optic cables on surrounding streets and free Wi-Fi access to anyone within the hub 's vicinity . He 's confident it will happen , feeling optimistic as he looks over Lagos . "  Building solutions , " he says , "  that 's what this is about . "	Nigeria 's CC Hub is an innovation space where tech-savvy people share ideas Founder Bosun Tijani wants the hub to be the birthplace of Nigeria 's next big innovation Those involved work together to build tech solutions to community problems CC Hub helped host Lagos Social Media Week last month
Eight U.S. soldiers have been charged in connection with the October death of a fellow soldier in Afghanistan , the Army said Wednesday . Pvt. Danny Chen , 19 , was found dead in a guard tower , apparently from a self-inflicted gunshot wound . Chen 's family says that until they see the autopsy results themselves , they can not confirm or deny it was suicide . The eight officers and enlisted servicemen face various charges , including dereliction of duty , making false statements , maltreatment and involuntary manslaughter , the Army said in a statement . The Army did not specify what alleged acts by the soldiers resulted in the charges , which were filed Wednesday . But in correspondence with his family before his death , Chen complained of harassment by his fellow soldiers . At a candlelight vigil for Chen held in Manhattan last week , his brother , Banny Chen , read from a letter the soldier had sent to his family . "  They ask if I 'm from China a few times a day . They also called out my name , ` Chen , ' in a goat-like voice sometimes for no reason . No idea how it started , but it 's just best to ignore it . " The Chen family told The New York Times in October that officials said that Chen had suffered physical abuse and ethnic slurs by superiors , including an incident in which he was dragged out of bed and across the floor for failing to turn off a water heater after showering . In its announcement , the Army makes no mention of the harassment allegations , but states , "  As the legal process continues , further information will be published as it becomes available . " The charges stem from "  conduct that occurred in the time leading up to  Chen 's  death , " an Army official familiar with details of the investigation told CNN . He declined to be identified because the military criminal investigation remains ongoing . The Army official said the soldiers are essentially charged with hazing and abusing Chen in the weeks and days before he apparently killed himself . But the case remains open and other charges could be filed , the official said . The soldiers facing charges were identified as 1st Lt. Daniel J. Schwartz , Staff Sgt. Blaine G. Dugas , Staff Sgt. Andrew J. Van Bockel , Sgt. Adam M. Holcomb , Sgt. Jeffrey T. Hurst , Spc. Thomas P. Curtis , Spc. Ryan J. Offutt and Sgt. Travis F. Carden . All the soldiers belonged to C Company , 3rd Battalion , 21st Infantry Regiment , 1st Styker Brigade Combat Team , 25th Infantry Division , the Army said . Schwartz , the only officer charged , faces eight counts of dereliction of duty . The enlisted soldiers face more serious charges , including dereliction of duty but also maltreatment , assault , involuntary manslaughter and negligent homicide . The eight men charged have been moved to a different base in southern Afghanistan and remain under restriction . They are not permitted to leave the base , the Army official said . "  We feel some comfort and relief to know the Army is taking it seriously , " Chen 's mother , Su Zhan Chen , said through a translator at a news conference Wednesday . "  We are cautiously optimistic because of today 's news , " said Elizabeth Ou Yang , president of the Asian-American group OCA-NY , who spoke as a representative of the family . But , she added , the family hopes that those responsible will be not just charged , but convicted . "  They must be prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law , " Yang added . Rep. Nydia Velazquez , D-New York , who was also present with the family at the conference , said that she has requested the autopsy results and asked the inspector general of the Army to conduct a separate investigation . "  We are here today to demand answers ... and that begins with a full accounting of all the facts , " she said . In a similar case earlier this year , three Marines were charged with beating and hazing a fellow Marine , Harry Lew , after Lew fell asleep on watch duty . The Marine was beaten and forced to do exercises and to dig a hole until the early morning . When the punishment was over , he climbed into the hole he had just dug and shot himself , said Rep. Judy Chu of California , Lew 's aunt .	The family is glad for the charges , but wants convictions Those charged have been moved to a different base in Afghanistan Chen was found dead in a guard tower in Afghanistan The charges were filed Wednesday
CNN  -- Two more arrests were made in connection with the shooting death of a Mississippi State University student on campus , bringing the total number of suspects to three , officials said Tuesday . All three suspects are from the Jackson , Mississippi , metro area , and they are believed to be acquaintances of the victim , who is from Madison , Mississippi , said university Police Chief Georgia Lindley . All three suspects are facing a charge of capital murder with the intent to sell a controlled substance , Lindley said . Trent Deundra Crump turned himself in to authorities of Alachua County Sheriff 's Department in Gainesville , Florida , Lindley said . Duntae Harvey , 21 , was arrested Monday and was being transferred Tuesday from Rankin County , where he has been held , university officials said . Mason Perry Jones , 21 , of Jackson was arrested Monday in Memphis by members of the U.S. Marshal 's Fugitive Task Force , Lindley said . The victim , John Sanderson , 21 , was found dead in Evans Hall , a dormitory for male students . The shooting took place place at 10 p.m. Saturday . The suspects were apparently selling drugs and drugs were found at the scene of the shooting , Lindley told CNN affiliate WREG . The shooting prompted the school to send a campus-wide alert through a series of text messages . CNN 's Joe Sutton and Michael Martinez contributed to this report .	NEW : One suspect turns himself in to authorities in Florida NEW : Another is arrested in Mississippi NEW : Earlier , a third supect was arrested in Tennessee NEW : All suspects are charged with capital murder with intent to sell a controlled substance
SRINAGAR , Indian-controlled Kashmir  CNN  -- Ten people in the disputed territory of Kashmir have been killed in ongoing gunfights between militants and Indian troops , an Indian defense spokesman said Sunday . Indian soldiers stand guard in Srinagar . "  So far we have lost an army officer and three troopers , while six militants have been gunned down by the army in past three days , " Indian defense spokesman , Lt. Col. J.S. Brar told CNN on Sunday . The fighting started after troops were tipped off about the presence of heavily armed militants in the region . Security forces encircled a forested region to close in on the militants . Militants opened fire at the troops and both sides traded fire . "  The operations are being conducted in a densely forested and highly foliaged mountain range , " Brar said . The gun battle is the second-longest of the year in Kashmir after the nearly seven-day-long encounter in the mountainous Poonch district of Jammu region in Indian-administered Kashmir in January . The onset of summer and melting of snows in mountain passes often leads to increased influx of militants from across the Line of Control , police said . The Line of Control is the border in Kashmir between the Indian - and Pakistani-controlled region of the disputed province . The other day , India said , Pakistani troops had opened indiscriminate and unprovoked fire at its positions in northern Kashmir along the Line of Control . One trooper was injured . Kashmir has endured a violent separatist campaign for nearly 20 years , and authorities say 43,000 people have been killed . However , various non-governmental organizations and rights groups put the number of dead at twice the official count .	10 dead in Kashmir gunfights between Indian troops , separatist militants Incident comes after India accuses Pakistani troops of firing on Indian troops Kashmir has been in throes of separatist campaign for 20 years
CNN  -- Myanmar has formed an internal commission to investigate the recent sectarian violence that killed dozens in the western part of the country , state media reported . The June clashes between Buddhists and Muslims in Rakhine killed at least 62 people and displaced thousands . President Thein Sein 's commission is made up of various groups , including activists , officials from minority parties , entrepreneurs , government leaders and religious leaders , The New Light of Myanmar said Saturday . United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon applauded the move . "  This commission is comprised of a representative cross-section of national figures in the country , " Ban said in a statement . "  It could make important contributions to restoring peace and harmony in the state and in creating a conducive environment for a more inclusive way forward to tackle the underlying causes of the violence , including the condition of the Muslim communities in Rakhine . " The international community has welcomed Sein 's commitment to introducing political reforms in Myanmar since assuming leadership last year . Sein has highlighted the need to form an independent commission that does not include foreigners . Violence between Buddhists and Muslims erupted after police detained three Muslim men in relation to the rape and killing of a Buddhist woman in May . Two of the men were sentenced to death , and a third man committed suicide in detention . News of the crime may have motivated several hundred people to attack a bus in Rakhine in June , killing 10 Muslims onboard , state media said . Violence between Buddhists and Muslims spread across the northern part of the state , resulting in the destruction of thousands of homes , according to the government . The national government declared a state of emergency in Rakhine , bringing in the military to help restore order . Rakhine is home to the Rohingya , an ethnic Muslim minority group that says it was persecuted by the Myanmar military during decades of authoritarian rule . At the height of the violence , hundreds of Rohingyas tried to cross the border into neighboring Bangladesh to flee the sectarian violence . But Bangladeshi authorities have turned them back , saying they already have too many Rohingya refugees . The unrest has tested the efforts of Sein 's administration to seek reconciliation with Myanmar 's different ethnic groups and move the country toward more democratic governance . CNN 's Jethro Mullen contributed to this report .	The June clashes leave at least 62 people dead in Rakhine Myanmar 's president highlights the need to form an internal commission The commission consists of various groups , including activists and entrepreneurs The international community has welcomed the nation 's political reforms
Los Angeles  CNN  -- A California judge sentenced a retired Los Angeles Police detective Friday to 27 years to life in prison for murdering her ex-boyfriend 's wife in a jealous rage more than two decades ago . Stephanie Ilene Lazarus , 52 , was convicted of biting and shooting Sherri Rasmussen , 29 , in her townhouse in the Van Nuys neighborhood of Los Angeles in 1986 . Lazarus , who rose through ranks of the Los Angeles Police Department and became a veteran art theft detective , could be eligible for parole in 22 years . Los Angeles Superior Court Judge Robert Perry gave Lazarus credit for time served in jail since her arrest at LAPD headquarters in June 2009 . A jury convicted her in March of first-degree murder . Friday 's sentence was the maximum under state law , prosecutors said . Lazarus was charged with staging the crime scene to look like a burglary gone bad , and police long believed that Rasmussen was the victim of two male burglars . The 1986 case went cold for years . Then it was reopened in 2004 and again in 2009 , when DNA from a bite mark on the victim 's arm came back as a match to the detective . When Lazarus became a suspect , homicide detectives faced "  special challenges as Lazarus ' office was located next door to the detectives who were now investigating her , " police said in a statement in March . Rasmussen , a hospital nursing supervisor , was the new bride of John Ruetten , who had been Lazarus ' college sweetheart . Married for just three months , Ruetten found his wife 's body when he returned home from work . Rasmussen was brutally beaten and shot three times in the chest , authorities said . Los Angeles County deputy prosecutors Shannon Presby and Paul Nunez submitted a written statement to the court prior to the sentencing , according to the prosecutor 's office . "  Lazarus has never taken responsibility for her acts , " the prosecutors wrote . "  Lazarus has never expressed any regret or remorse for her actions . Lazarus ' profound narcissism led her to kill and continues to motivate her denial of responsibility . This unrepentant selfishness poses a real and significant danger to any person whose interests conflict with Lazarus ' egotistic desires . " Before the sentencing Friday , Rasmussen ' mother , Loretta , told the court that her family has endured "  extreme pain " over her daughter 's murder . "  Every day we miss her laughter and her love , " the mother told the judge . In his remarks to the judge , a tearful Ruetten said Rasmussen was "  just trying to save her own life " on the day of her murder . "  I just ca n't bear thinking about these moments , " Ruetten told the court . After the sentencing , Lazarus , manacled and dressed in a jail jumpsuit , waved and smiled to an apparent loved one in the courtroom gallery as she was escorted back to jail , carrying a folder . Following Lazarus ' conviction in March , Los Angeles Police Chief Charlie Beck said the case was "  a tragedy on every level . " "  Not only did the family of Sherri Rasmussen lose a wife and a daughter , a life that can never be returned , but also the LAPD family felt a sense of betrayal to have an officer commit such a terrible crime , " Beck said in a written statement . "  I am also sorry it took us so long to solve this case and bring a measure of justice to this tragedy , " he said . Rasmussen , director of nursing at Glendale Adventist Medical Center , was a tall , athletic 29-year-old with a pretty smile . At the time of the slaying , Lazarus was in her second year with the Los Angeles Police Department . The killing occurred on February 24 , 1986 , a Monday . Lazarus had taken the day off ; Rasmussen had called in sick that morning . Authorities estimate she died before lunchtime . Prosecutors argued that Lazarus was in love with Ruetten and distraught when she learned he married someone else . During the trial , Ruetten testified he casually dated Lazarus after college , but he never considered her a girlfriend and dated other women while seeing her . Lazarus eventually married a Los Angeles Police detective and the couple adopted a daughter . According to prosecutors , the key to unlocking Lazarus ' dark secret lay for years on the back shelf of an evidence freezer in the coroner 's office . In a vial inside a sealed evidence envelope was a cotton swab . On that swab , prosecutors say , was DNA taken from saliva from the bite wound on Rasmussen 's left forearm . Testing in 2005 revealed the assailant was a woman . Some detectives , however , clung to the burglary theory and focused their inquiries on known female prowlers . But from the beginning , the victim 's family had pointed to an ex-girlfriend of Ruetten 's who was a cop , and as the DNA testing advanced , undercover police followed Lazarus to a Costco store and retrieved a discarded soda from a trash can . Saliva traces from the straw matched the bite mark DNA , and she officially became a suspect . Lazarus was confronted , and another sample was taken from her shortly before her arrest . Tests revealed the DNA found in the bite mark on Rasmussen 's left forearm belonged to Lazarus . Deputy Assistant District Attorney Presby told jurors during the trial that the chance of the killer being anyone else is "  one in 1.7 sextillion . " To avoid botching an undercover investigation of one of their own , LAPD officials carefully devised a plan to arrest Lazarus . On June 5 , 2009 , Detective Daniel Jaramillo from the department 's robbery-homicide division approached Lazarus at her desk in the department 's headquarters and asked her to accompany him downstairs to the department 's jail facility , where she would not be able to bring her gun . He told Lazarus he needed her help interrogating a man who claimed to have information on stolen art , Lazarus ' specialty in the detectives unit . A nearly hour-long recorded interview followed . After one of the detectives alludes to the evidence that implicated her in the killing , Lazarus said , "  Am I on ` Candid Camera ' or something ? This is insane . This is absolutely crazy . This is insane . " Minutes later she walked out of the interview room , only to be stopped , handcuffed and told she was under arrest in the murder of Sherri Rae Rasmussen . Lazarus 's attorney , John Overland , has argued in court that the crime scene evidence from 1986 was mishandled and tainted years ago and could n't be trusted . CNN 's Ann O'Neil contributed to this report .	NEW : "  I just ca n't bear thinking about these moments , " the victim 's husband tells the court Former detective Stephanie Ilene Lazarus , 52 , could be eligible for parole in 22 years She was convicted of shooting and killing Sherri Rasmussen , then 29 Rasmussen was the new wife of Lazarus ' ex-boyfriend
LONDON , England  CNN  -- A 100 meter boat with a full tropical garden is not something you 're likely to see very often . In fact , before now , you 've probably never seen it . Wally Island : The vessel that has all the comforts of home However , the giant mega-yacht ` Wally Island ' offers exactly that . Designed by super-yacht designers Wally is still in the design stage as the company has not yet managed to sell the concept to a buyer . The vessel boasts over 1000 square meters in forward deck space , allowing for such features as a full garden and pool , a tennis court , or several heli-pads . View photos of Wally Island " The designers intended to offer the owner the opportunity to live completely independently on the vessel . The boat , the designers said , could make life just like at home on a personal estate for its owner . Although the interior spaces are pushed towards the aft of the vessel , there is still room for an owners suite and six further double-king sized suites . In addition to this there are numerous rooms for entertaining guests . What do you think of Wally Island ? Have you seen a better super-yacht ? Share your thoughts in the Sound Off box below .	The 99-meter vessel Wally was designed by super-yacht designers Wally Wally Island is still in the design stage awaiting a buyer The deck contains a tropical garden , or can be converted to a tennis court
Budget Travel  -- In recent years , this fishing town -- and next-wave surf spot -- has turned into a popular rest stop for Inca Trail hikers . Oceanfront lodging runs about $ 40 a night in Mancora , Peru . Bus ride : $ 37 The quickest way to reach Máncora , about 700 miles north of Lima , is to hop on one of Lan Peru 's twice daily flights from Lima to Piura  $ 225 round trip  ; from there , it 's about a two-hour cab ride to Máncora  $ 70  . If you have 18 hours to spare , take the Cruz del Sur bus  cruzdelsur.com.pe , $ 37  . Tear your eyes from the dubbed American movies shown along the way and you may spot a dolphin or two frolicking in the Pacific Ocean . Beach hotel : $ 40 There are two types of lodging : on the beach -- like Punta Ballenas Inn  011-51/7325 -8136  -- and almost on the beach . In the case of Hospedaje Costa Norte , you 're a minute 's walk from the surf . The rooms surround a courtyard guarded by Pedro , a parrot with a penchant for giving besitos  little kisses  to female guests  011-51/7325 -8198 , from $ 10  . Yoga hotel : $ 70 Samana Chakra is a new thatched-roof bungalow resort on the northern end of the beach , owned by an ex-marketing director from California and his wife , a Peruvian yoga instructor . The rate includes breakfast and a daily hatha yoga class  totally optional , of course  . Early risers can even surf with the owners , who ride tandem on a longboard  011-51/1 -9830 -5896 , samanachakra.com  . Taxi fare : 95 cents Moto-taxis , three-wheeled motorbikes with a covered backseat for two , are Máncora 's primary form of transportation . The bumpy ride across town costs about a dollar . For $ 14 round trip , a moto cabbie will take you into the Amotape Mountains to the thermal hot springs at Poza de Barro . Surf school : $ 16 Máncora 's six-foot waves rival those of better-known surf spots in Peru , such as Chicama , but early mornings often bring waves that are ideal for beginners . Several shorefront surf schools offer 90-minute private lessons . Tasty lunch : $ 6 Fried yucca and ice-cold Brahma beer are the perfect companions to ceviche , the national dish of Peru , made with seafood , maize , crescents of sweet potato , and a citrus marinade . At Cevichería Las Peñitas , an entire meal , including ceviche and beer , costs less than $ 6 . Fruit drink : 50 cents The best deal in town is a cremolada  a crushed-ice beverage made with passion fruit , strawberry , orange , or pineapple  at Papa Mo 's Milk Bar . Passion fruit is said to have a mildly sedative effect -- not unlike a few days spent in Máncora . Necklace : $ 7 On a three-block stretch of sidewalk near the southern end of town , dreadlocked nomads and local artisans sell everything from shark jaws to tins of natilla , Peru 's version of dulce de leche . The most unusual wares are adorned with deep orange huayruro seeds , which come from the Amazon rain forest and are believed to ward off negative energy . A double-strand necklace costs $ 7 . E-mail to a friend Get the best travel deals and tips emailed to you FREE - CLICK HERE ! Copyright © 2009 Newsweek Budget Travel , Inc. , all rights reserved . Note : This story was accurate when it was published . Please be sure to confirm all rates and details directly with the companies in question before planning your trip .	A beach hotel in Máncora runs about $ 40 per night A night at Samana Chakra , a new yoga resort , is $ 70 Travelers can dine on fried yucca , ceviche and ice-cold beer for about $ 6
