Of all the things to say about Robin Williams , the truest may be this : He made people smile . They might be those who packed comedy cubs for his frenetic , improvisational , hilarious routines . Or those who fell in love with him as the lovable alien Mork and stayed in love through fun films such as "  Aladdin " and serious ones such as "  Good Will Hunting . " Or those who had the pleasure of knowing him as a man -- a kind , decent , generous soul who made others ' lives better . Throughout his 63 years , Williams rarely failed to impress others with his charisma , his talent , his heart . All the while , he fought his personal demons -- including substance abuse that led to at least two rehab stints , the most recent coming last summer . Ultimately , those struggles led to his end . According to police , Williams apparently hanged himself with a belt this week in a bedroom of his Marin County , California , home . Someone who 'd given so much to so many over the years , in ways big and small , decided to take his own life after struggling with depression . Officials : Williams apparently hanged himself Still , while Williams never denied his struggles , he was never defined by them either . Just ask those who rubbed elbows with him , whether they were big-time comedians or fathers he could give joy to their ailing children . Invariably , they had a story that involved him laughing , telling stories and making people feel good . "  His impact on the world was so positive , " tweeted comedian and occasional co-star Ben Stiller . "  He did so much good for people . He made and so many people laugh so hard for a very long time . " ' A comedy force of nature ' The son of a model and an auto company executive , Robin Williams was born in Chicago on July 21 , 1951 , yet spent most of his childhood in and around Detroit . Chubby and sometimes bullied , Williams laid low growing up -- the latter being expected in his family , Williams told People in a 2009 interview , even if it 's opposite of the bigger-than-life persona he 'd cultivate through his career . "  The ideal child was seen , not heard , " he said then . In an interview with the Detroit Free-Press , Williams characterized himself as "  the opposite of a class clown " while at Detroit Country Day , a private boys school . He worked hard , played soccer and wrestled and "  just went out of my way to fit in . " "  I loved school , maybe too much really . I was summa cum laude in high school , " he told the Free-Press . "  I was driven that way . " As a teen , Williams moved to Northern California 's Marin County -- attending high school and college there before enrolling at New York 's prestigious Juilliard School for performing arts . He 'd later return to the Bay Area , handing out Halloween candy and boosting local causes . The once shy boy also found his place and his voice on stage at comedy clubs . Even after making a name for himself in Hollywood , he kept coming back to do stand-up at establishments such as Cobb 's , Catch a Rising Star , the Improv and The Comedy Store because , as he told People : "  It was my only release . " "  To see Robin perform was an experience , " fellow comedian Gilbert Gottfried recalled in a piece on CNN.com . "  He was more than a comedian . He was a comedy force of nature . " Mork from Ork The comedy clubs may have been where Robin Williams felt at home . But he made it into millions of Americans ' homes in his role as Mork from Ork . Just as there 's never been anyone else like Williams , there 's been no other character like Mork -- an alien who took an egg-shaped spaceship to Earth and , thanks to Williams , ended up stealing many Earthlings ' hearts . The character debuted on the sit-com "  Happy Days , " whose star Henry Winkler "  realized I was in the presence of greatness " during Williams ' first rehearsal . From the start , his delivery , myriad faces and improvisational talents made him hard to resist . "  I just realized my only job is to keep a straight face , " said Winkler , who played "  The Fonz . " "  And it was impossible . Because no matter what you said to him , no matter what line you gave to him , he took it in , processed it , and then it flew out of his mouth , never the same way twice . And it was incredibly funny every time . " The "  Happy Days " appearance was such a hit that CBS created "  Mork and Mindy , " pairing him with his human roommate played by Pam Dawber and fellow alien  and real-life idol  Jonathan Winters . The show 's run ended four years later in 1982 , during which time Williams also starred as the titular character in the movie , "  Popeye . " Williams did n't rest on his laurels . In fact , the beloved comedian turned his career on its heels by turning to dramas , starting with "  The World According to Garp . " Instead of tickling people 's funny bones , he tugged at their heartstrings . And as he had done at comedy clubs , Williams excelled in roles in films such as "  Good Morning , Vietnam " and "  Dead Poets Society . " Seesawing between comedy and drama Williams went back and forth over the decades to come , from family-friendly fare such as "  Mrs. Doubtfire " and as the voice of the genie in "  Aladdin " to more adult-themed movies such as "  The Birdcage " and "  The Fisher King . " What turned out to be biggest role yet was actually a small film led by two then unknown actors , Matt Damon and Ben Affleck , in "  Good Will Hunting . " Playing sage psychologist and community college Professor Sean Maguire , Williams won the Oscar -- after losing out three other times -- for supporting actor . As he stepped on stage to accept the award , he said , "  This might be the one time I 'm speechless " -- before launching an emotional , humble , joke-laden speech thanking all those involved in the film and his life . "  And most of all , I want to thank my father , up there . the man who , when I said I wanted to be an actor , he said , ` Wonderful , just have a back-up profession like welding . ' " As the years rolled by , Williams did n't slow down . He seesawed in his roles -- from dark pieces such as "  One Hour Photo " and "  Death to Smoochy , " to the lighter likes of "  Happy Feet " and the "  Night at the Museum " movies . He even went back to TV on the short-lived CBS comedy , "  The Crazy Ones . " The admitted workaholic at one point turned out eight movies over a two-year period . He told The Guardian in 2010 that he 'd "  take it slow ... and enjoy the ride " after his 2009 heart surgery , though that does n't seem the case : Four more films -- "  Night at the Museum : Secret of the Tomb , " "  Merry Friggin ' Christmas , " "  Boulevard " and "  Absolutely Anything " -- are expected to be released posthumously . "  You have this idea that you 'd better keep working , otherwise people will forget , " he said . A funny man and humanitarian Yet , as hard as he worked , Williams was never just about his work . For all the admiration of his talents , other actors remembering Williams tended to talk first about his huge heart , as the type of person who made you feel special , made you feel loved and made you laugh . And then there is his considerable charity work : Look to the Stars , a website that compiles the charitable work of celebrities , notes that Williams offered his time , money and celebrity to over 50 causes . Williams ' charity legacy That humanitarian work ranges from hosting Comic Relief , biking in a fundraiser for good friend Lance Armstrong 's cancer support charity Livestrong , to appearing pro bono in TV spots and then some for St. Jude Children 's Research Hospital . The United Service Organization , or USO , hailed Williams for his 12 years performing for nearly 90 military personnel in 13 countries . He connected many more times one-on-one . That might mean boosting the confidence of an up-and-coming comedian , bringing the first smile to former Juillard roommate and close friend Christopher Reeve after he was paralyzed or reaching out personally to young people suffering from serious illnesses . "  I could n't believe it , " CNN iReporter Mark Cole said about Williams ' chartering a plane , at his own expense , to visit and trade jokes with his ailing daughter in 2004 . "  I felt very privileged that he came to spend the day with her like that . It was the most moving thing I 've ever seen in my life . " Patients ' families : A ` comedic Mother Teresa ' Survived by wife and three children Yet as his death showed , Williams was n't always upbeat . He made no secret about his battles with substance abuse , even as he joked that "  cocaine is God 's way of telling you that you too much money . " His fight did n't get easier as he got older ; if anything , it got harder . "  When you relapse , you fall deeper , " Williams told People in 2009 . "  I found myself drinking to blackouts . It 's like your brain goes into witness protection . " Beyond that , his media representative Mara Buxbaum noted that Williams "  has been battling severe depression of late . " His personal life was n't always smooth either . He had a son , Zak , with his first wife , Valerie Velardi . Williams then spent 19 years with wife Marsha -- a union that led to two more children , Zelda and Cody , before ending in divorce in 2008 . In October 2011 , he wed graphic designer Susan Schneider in Napa Valley , California . On her Twitter feed , his daughter Zelda remembered her dad with a quote from Antoine De Saint-Exupery 's "  The Little Prince . " "  In one of the stars I shall be living . In one of them I shall be laughing . And so it will be as if all the stars were laughing , when you look at the sky at night ... You -- only you -- will have stars that can laugh . " Zelda added , "  I love you . I miss you . I 'll try to keep looking up . " Complete coverage on Robin Williams Share your memories of Robin Williams	Robin Williams killed himself this week inside his Northern California home Raised in the Midwest , his breakthrough role came as lovable alien , Mork Williams starred in comedic and dramatic films , including "  Good Will Hunting " He 's remembered for his kindness as well as his work
TEHRAN , Iran  CNN  -- The activities of the week-old BBC Persian TV channel are illegal , a top Iranian official said Wednesday , the semi-official Fars news agency reported . BBC says the news it broadcasts on the channel is gathered from abroad , using sources within Iran . The minister of culture and Islamic guidance , Mohammad Hossein Saffar Harandi , also banned Iranian journalists and artists from working for the channel . A BBC spokesman in London , England , said the corporation is breaking no laws in Iran . BBC Persian TV launched January 14 , broadcasting in Farsi to Iran , Afghanistan , and Tajikistan , the BBC spokesman said . It joins the 69-year-old BBC Persian radio service and the Web site BBCPersian.com , launched in 2001 . The TV channel offers mixed programming , with news and current affairs for eight hours a day and documentaries and debates on arts , culture and science filling out the schedule , the spokesman said . Harandi did not say the BBC channel was breaking any laws in the remarks carried by Fars . "  Considering the BBC 's history of creating chaos in Iran , and its efforts to set the various strata of Iranian society against each other , the presence of the BBC Persian TV in the Islamic Republic is deemed to be illegal , " he said . Harandi added that various government officials had declared that cooperating with the channel would lead to problems for Iranian professionals , the news agency said . "  We are closely monitoring the English language BBC as well , which is working in Iran legally , and if they produce programs for the use of the BBC Persian TV , we shall then take action against them  BBC English  , " he said . "  And in that case , the country 's security officials will respond appropriately . " The BBC spokesman said it is against the law for the channel to report and gather news in Iran , so the news it broadcasts on the channel is gathered from abroad , using sources and contacts within Iran . Correspondents for BBC Persian do not work in Iran , he added . "  We would like to have BBC Persian correspondents in Iran , and we continue to seek a dialogue with the Iranian authorities to get accreditation for that , " said the spokesman , who asked not to be named . "  What we are doing is not illegal , " he said . The Iranian minister 's comments call to mind modern broadcasting folklore about the BBC 's role in the Iranian revolution . A BBC Radio 4 documentary in 2005 said it had evidence that a radio newsreader inserted the word "  exactly " into a midnight timecheck one summer night in 1953 , a code word to the shah of Iran that Britain supported his plans for a coup . The shah had selected the word , the documentary said , and the BBC broadcast the word at the request of the government . Officially , the BBC has never acknowledged the code word plot . The BBC spokesman declined to comment on a possible connection . Harandi said the planning of the BBC Persian TV channel "  was not done with good will , " Fars reported . The minister asked Iranian artists to obtain the proper permits for working with any foreign arts and cultural group , "  otherwise they shall have to accept responsibility for their cooperation with those foreign organizations , " according to Fars . -- CNN 's Shirzad Bozorgmehr in Tehran and Melissa Gray in London contributed to this report .	Iran also bans Iranian journalists and artists from working for the channel BBC spokesman says British broadcaster is breaking no laws in Iran BBC Persian TV launched January 14 , broadcasting in Farsi Channel shows news , documentaries , debates on arts , culture and science
CNN  -- In his native Brazil , Neymar is being counted on to lead the South American nation to World Cup glory on home soil next year . If he can score the kind of goal he did Saturday in the Confederations Cup opener , then Brazil 's chances of claiming a record-extending sixth title will surely increase . Neymar , hailed as the "  modern successor " to Pele , netted with a stunning half volley in the third minute to help Brazil beat Japan 3-0 in Group A. Paulinho and Jo added the other goals in the second half . "  It all happened in a flash , " Neymar said . "  I connected full on and happily the ball found the target . I am very happy to score and help Brazil to achieve a victory . " Brazilian fans probably were n't the only ones celebrating after Neymar 's strike . Barcelona supporters must have been pleased , too , since the 21-year-old will team up with four-time world player of the year Lionel Messi at the Camp Nou next season . The win , Brazil 's second straight after a 3-0 victory against France this week in a friendly , might lift some of the gloom surrounding the national team . Even after topping France , Brazil had won just two of its past seven matches and manager Luiz Felipe Scolari was being criticized for his less than free flowing style of play . Neymar was n't immune to criticism , either . "  What mattered most was the result and this continued the tactical evolution of the team , " Scolari said . With all eyes on Brazil to see how the nation hosts the World Cup dress rehearsal , the build-up to the game , though , was marred by protests across the country . Thousands took to the streets to protest against an increase in public transportation costs and there was frustration about the lack of investment in health and education . In Brasilia a road leading to the stadium this week was reportedly blocked by hundreds of people who were unhappy with the costs of staging the Confederations Cup and World Cup , and protests continued outside the stadium Saturday . Preparations for the 2014 showpiece itself have n't been smooth . Work to stadiums fell behind schedule and last month managers of the stadium in Salvador said human error was partly to blame for causing a tear in the roof . On the eve of the Confederations Cup , FIFA president Sepp Blatter -- booed when introduced before the game -- downplayed concerns . On the field , Brazil had little trouble with Asian champion Japan . Japan became the first nation to qualify for the World Cup but its defeat Saturday followed a 4-0 loss to Brazil in a friendly in October . Even Neymar 's harsher critics would have been silenced after his opener . Marcelo struck a diagonal ball to Fred , who chested it down for his strike partner yards outside the box . Neymar pounced and left Japanese goalkeeper Eiji Kawashima with no chance . Keisuke Honda , a key performer in Japan 's qualifying campaign , made a good run into the box in the ninth minute but his shot from the left side sailed over the bar . Kawashima denied Fred after good link up play with Neymar before Paulinho realistically settled the game in the 48th minute . Kawashima got a hand to his low shot but not enough of it to keep it out of the net . Japan almost replied straight away but Shinji Okazaki was off target when supplied with a good cross from Hiroshi Kiyotake . Neymar gave way to Lucas in the 74th minute because of a slight injury and Brazil made it three when Jo slotted home from Oscar 's pass in injury time . On Sunday , world and European champion Spain plays Uruguay in Group B and Mexico faces Italy in Group A.	Neymar 's half-volley gave Brazil the early lead against Japan in the Confederations Cup Paulinho and Jo scored in the second half to complete the 3-0 win in Group A The win came amid protests across Brazil about a hike public transportation costs Spain plays Uruguay and Mexico faces Italy as the tournament continues Sunday
After more than 800,000 Puerto Rican voters said they want the island to become the 51st U.S. state , the White House is calling on lawmakers to take action . "  Congress should now study the results closely , and provide the people of Puerto Rico with a clear path forward that lays out the means by which Puerto Ricans themselves can determine their own status , " White House spokesman Jay Carney told reporters this week . Last month 's statehood referendum in Puerto Rico was nonbinding , but it was the first time such a measure garnered a majority of votes ; 61 % of voters who cast ballots on that question said they supported the island commonwealth becoming a U.S. state . Critics say the two-part plebiscite on Puerto Rico 's status was unclear and does n't accurately represent the will of the island . Even the White House has n't been clear about what the vote means , they say . "  Democracy should never be used to confuse people . ... I 'm sorry they are confused in the White House , " said Puerto Rican Sen. Eduardo Bhatia of the Popular Democratic Party . The first ballot question asked Puerto Rican voters whether they supported the island 's status as a U.S. commonwealth ; 54 % of them said no . In response to the second question , which asked voters to select an alternative , 61 % of those who cast ballots chose statehood , but more than 480,000 people abstained from voting on that question . "  They could have voted for statehood , if they had really supported it , " said Maria de Lourdes Santiago , senator-elect for the Puerto Rican Independence Party , which supports the island becoming its own sovereign republic . "  When you combine all the votes , statehood does n't appear as the true winner in the second question about non-colonial options . " One thing is clear , the White House spokesman said Monday : Puerto Ricans "  want a resolution to the issue of the island 's political status . " Congressional action in Washington would be necessary for Puerto Rico to become a state . Statehood has long been a thorny issue in Puerto Rico , with political parties sharply divided over the matter . Those who support statehood say last month 's vote is a sign that change is coming , despite what critics say . "  If they do n't want to pay attention to it , let them not pay attention , " said Kenneth McClintock , Puerto Rico 's secretary of state . "  But the White House is paying attention . " A law passed in 1917 made Puerto Ricans U.S. citizens . But the Caribbean island 's roughly 4 million residents can not vote for president Under its status as a commonwealth , Puerto Rico is subject to U.S. federal laws , though island residents are exempt from some federal taxes . Puerto Rico has a nonvoting representative in Congress . After last month 's referendum , McClintock said an economic downturn and shrinking population contributed to the support for statehood , where as referendums in 1967 , 1993 and 1998 failed . "  I think people just came to realize that the current relationship simply does not create the number of jobs that we need , " he said . An exodus of residents from the island has culminated in a staggering statistic : 58 % of Puerto Ricans live in the mainland United States , McClintock said . "  When you have a political status that scares away half of your population , " he said , "  it is time to reject that political status . "	The White House says Congress should respond to last month 's plebiscite More than 800,000 voters supported a nonbinding referendum on statehood Critics say the vote does n't accurately represent the will of the island
CNN  -- Comedian Joan Rivers and real estate mogul Donald Trump -- that 's a twosome never known for mincing their words . Joan Rivers appeared on CNN 's "  Larry King Live " Monday night and explained her explosive confrontations . Trump selected Rivers as this season 's winner of "  The Celebrity Apprentice , " and they appeared on "  Larry King Live " Monday night , full of their classic candor . Among the topics covered : Rivers ' long-running war of words with runner-up Annie Duke , her dust-up and make-up with Clint Black and the "  reason " she is against same-sex marriage . And the Donald explains why Rivers had what it took to emerge the winner . The following interview has been edited for brevity and clarity : Larry King : Donald , was it a tough decision ? Donald Trump : Well , it was . Joan fully understands it was a very , very tight race . And Annie -LSB- Duke -RSB- was terrific and Joan was terrific . In the end , I decided to go with Joan . She displayed tremendous courage . She really took a lot of abuse over the course of 14 weeks . King : Joan , in last night 's finale , you beat poker champion Annie Duke . You and Annie were still at each other up until the final moments . Let 's take a look . -LSB- King shows a video clip from "  The Celebrity Apprentice " -RSB- Annie Duke : I do not know a boardroom in this country where someone would be allowed to say that someone would spit on the ground and drown their mother in it , where someone would be allowed to call their friends Mafia , where someone would be allowed to say that someone is worse than Hitler . If that happened in a real office ... Joan Rivers : You 're not worse than Hitler ... Duke : ... in a real boardroom . Rivers : Hitler never had PMS . Duke : This is what I 'm saying . If it happened in a real boardroom , she would have to be fired or that would be actionable . Rivers : ... I have run a business for 20 years honorably . I have never fired anybody . I am the Number One jewelry business on television , with honor . -LSB- End of video clip -RSB- King : Oh , boy . Rivers : Yes , oh boy . Trump : And , Larry , that was the nice part . Watch Larry King 's interview with Rivers and Trump " King : Joanny , where did you come up with that ` worse than Hitler ' crack ? Rivers : Oh , I do n't know . You know , you 're always saying things . Hitler is the worst villain in the world . So when you really get furious at someone , you say , ` Oh , you 're a female Hitler ' or something , you know ? It 's just an expression . But I stand behind it . King : What did she do to you ? Rivers : She was very duplicitous ... there was so much mud-slinging , which I 'm not going to go into . I was told she said she wished I would die ; she said I was a cancer . King : What did you make of that squabble , Donald ? Trump : Well , I liked it very much . ... Especially this morning , when the ratings came in , because it was a ratings bonanza last night for NBC . King : What does Joanny get now ? Trump : She got $ 250,000 plus she raised hundreds of thousands more during the course of the 14 weeks . But she gets $ 250,000 . That goes to God 's Love We Deliver , which is a great charity in New York . King : What surprised you about this contest ? Trump : Well , I was just impressed with the intelligence , with the energy and verve that Joan had . I mean , Joan 's energy was beyond everybody else 's . And she was n't necessarily the youngest person on the panel . King : Joan , what surprised you about this experience ? Rivers : How it became so much more than a television game or a show . It became absolutely something I wanted to do . It was like I was going to win for my charity . King : What got you so emotionally involved , not just with Annie , other contestants ? Rivers : Larry , I play totally full-out . And you get very worn down . It 's all these weeks and weeks of getting up at 5:30 in the morning , working until 11:00 at night , no assistants to help you . You 're out there on the firing line . And , you know , the differences arise and show very quickly . You know who 's good , you know who 's bad , you know who 's a liar , you know who 's lazy , you know who 's brilliant , you know who 's a good worker . And after a while , you just play -- it becomes "  Lord of the Flies . " King : Joan , by the way , written a Web exclusive for us about her "  Celebrity Apprentice " win . Click here for Joan Rivers ' blog , exclusively on CNN.com King : Do you think you 'll ever make up with Annie ? Rivers : Well , I went over afterward ; I went over to congratulate her , and I made her stand up . ... Nobody lost last night , for God 's sake . No one heard of Annie Duke before this show . Now everyone 's heard of her . Her charity made $ 700,000 . ... And what did upset me was on the way out , her whole group gave us the finger and booed . And I thought that was . . not good . Not good . King : Why does this get so dramatic ? Rivers : Because it 's "  Lord of the Flies . " You have no sleep . King : Were n't you and Clint Black kind of mad at each other for a while and now it 's OK ? Rivers : Oh , yes . Clint is a chauvinist . My joke is now he would n't even let his wife have Equal in her coffee . You know , that 's Clint . But Clint is Clint . You get very angry at him , but at least you know that 's Clint . You know what 's going to be dealt to you . King : What did you learn from doing this ? Rivers : So many people in this country are counted out from the age of 60 . When I walked in , I looked them all over , I thought : ' I can take you all with one behind my back at 75 . ' King : Did you expect to win ? Rivers : Truly , no . Donald plays it so close and so intelligently . I did not know until they called out her name . I really thought they were going to say , Joan you 're wonderful , but you 're too emotional and blah , blah , blah . And Annie raised so much money -- which , indeed , she did . I was in shock and thrilled . Rivers : Can I say one thing quickly ? King : Quick . Rivers : Gay marriage , I am so against it because all my gay friends are out . And if they get married , it will cost me a fortune in gifts .	Joan Rivers infuriated "  Apprentice " rival Annie Duke over comparison to Hitler Donald Trump says he loved the confrontations -- and the ratings that followed Rivers says experience of being on "  Apprentice " is like "  Lord of the Flies " She jokes Clint Black is so chauvinist he would n't let his wife have Equal in her coffee
CNN  -- It will be former world No. 1 against former world No. 1 when Maria Sharapova lines up against Caroline Wozniacki in the women 's final at Indian Wells on Sunday -- a tale of two careers that have headed in opposite directions . While Sharapova completed her recovery from longterm injury problems by completing her collection of grand slam titles at last year 's French Open , Wozniacki is still waiting for her first major crown as she battles to remain among the game 's top 10 . Sharapova returned to second in the rankings following Friday 's 6-4 6-3 semifinal victory over fellow Russian Maria Kirilenko , as another former No. 1 -- defending champion Victoria Azarenka -- slipped down after pulling out of her quarterfinal clash with Wozniacki due to an ankle injury . The Dane , meanwhile , battled into her third final in four years at the Californian hard-court tournament as she came from behind to overcome German fourth seed Angelique Kerber 2-6 6-4 7-5 . "  Maria is a great competitor and fights for every point , " Wozniacki said of her next opponent , who she thrashed in the 2011 semis on the way to winning the title . "  She plays very aggressively and tries to take every ball on the rise and plays very flat -- it 's going to be very tough . " Sharapova , who won the desert event in 2006 and was runnerup last year , has a 4-2 advantage over the world No. 10 and won both their encounters after that Indian Wells defeat . "  Caroline is dangerous when she has the opportunities to open up the court and runs you side to side , " said the 25-year-old , who will be seeking her 28th WTA title while Wozniacki aims for a 21st . The 22-year-old will try to stifle Sharapova 's power game on a surface that suits her patient baseline approach . "  I really enjoy this tournament -- I think it shows , " Wozniacki said . "  I think the court suits me very well . I like that it goes fast through the air but it 's a pretty slow court . "  It 's a game of chess out there -- if you play it here , you expect it here . ` Wait , is it short ? Okay , go in and attack . Is it deep ? You need to play deep back because you do n't want her to attack . ' "  It 's a game of finding out where is the toughest for the opponent to get to the ball . " In the men 's tournament , Rafael Nadal has reached his fourth successive final since making his comeback from longterm injury after beating sixth-seeded Czech Tomas Berdych 6-4 7-5 in the first of Saturday 's semifinals . "  It 's completely unexpected , " said Nadal , who won two out of three clay events before heading to the U.S. "  To be in the final ... it 's a big surprise but I 'm here and I 'm very , very happy . " The Spaniard will face Juan Martin del Potro , who eliminated World No 1 . Novak Djokovic 4-6 6-4 6-4 to end the Serb 's 22-match winning streak . "  He 's a big challenge for me also , " del Potro told reporters of Nadal . "  He will want to win this tournament , for sure , and it 's going to be very interesting match . " Djokovic had won 17 matches since the start of the year , which included his run to a fourth Australian Open crown and the ATP title in Dubai . "  It happens , " Djokovic told reporters . "  All the credit to my opponent today . He deserved to win because he was more composed in the important moments and he played the right shots . "  He stepped into the court , where , on the other side , me , I made a lot of unforced errors and was at back of the court too passive . It 's sport . "	Maria Sharapova will play fellow former world No. 1 Caroline Wozniacki in final Sharapova defeats fellow Russian Maria Kirilenko in semis to reach title match again Wozniacki , the 2011 winner , reaches final at Indian Wells for third time in four years Rafael Nadal reaches final of men 's event after beating Tomas Berdych on Saturday
CNN  -- Chinese dissident artist Ai Weiwei lost his lawsuit against the Beijing tax bureau in a local court hearing Friday , leaving him still subject to tax evasion charges and more than $ 2 million in fines . The 53-year-old provocateur has been embroiled in a tax evasion case brought by the Chinese authorities last year against his company , Beijing Fake Cultural Development Ltd. . Ai Weiwei paints bleak picture of his and China 's future He told CNN he was denied access to his second court hearing today , as he was to his first court hearing on June 20 . Police called his mobile phone on Thursday afternoon , warning him not to go to court . Police cars were also parked outside his studio and Beijing Chaoyang District Court today , he said , much like his first hearing when tens of police cars surrounded his home , and public buses were rerouted away from the court area . Ai said many other activists were also detained in their homes . Ai told CNN that he would file an appeal to the Beijing No. 2 Intermediate People 's Court . "  We appeal to the court in strict accordance with every law in China . We hope to give them a chance to realize their mistake and make it right . " "  It 's not about my personal reputation , " Ai added . "  I do this because we 're citizens of this country , it 's about everyone 's safety and the justice of the law . " "  It 's my obligation to keep appealing to a higher court , or I 'll be part of the mistakes . " Ai contends the tax evasion charges are baseless and politically-motivated . In a characteristic ironic twist , Ai is hoping to get his day in court in other ways . In November , the authorities demanded he pay RMB 15 million  US$ 2.4 million  in back taxes and fines within two weeks . Tens of thousands of supporters donated more than RMB 9 million  US$ 1 million  to help him pay the bill , some even throwing RMB100 notes folded into paper airplanes over the gate of his house . Ai used the donations to post a payment guarantee of the invoice in order to file a lawsuit against the local tax bureau to protest the charges . Ai told CNN that he issued 13,000 IOUs during the donation process for those willing to accept them . As he will now be unable to repay the IOUs , the artist says he is urging the holders of the IOUs to sue him , so that he will forced to be in court "  for the next twenty years . " According to Chinese law , defendants are required to show up in court . The outspoken artist , blogger , documentary filmmaker , and architect was on his way to Hong Kong in April 2011 when he was taken into custody at Beijing 's international airport and detained for 81 days amid a government crackdown on political activists . Ai 's studio in Beijing was raided , and his wife and several employees were taken into custody for questioning . The government campaign was attributed to fears of a potential Arab-Spring-style uprising , following online calls for a "  Jasmine Revolution . " How Ai Weiwei became an Internet master Seven weeks after Ai was taken into custody , state news agency Xinhua reported that Beijing police said his company , Beijing Fake Cultural Development Ltd. , evaded a "  huge amount of taxes " and "  intentionally destroyed accounting documents . " He was released on probation the following June and subjected to severe restrictions on his movements . Ai was forbidden to speak to the media or post on his Twitter account about his detainment . His phone was tapped , his e-mails were checked , and he had to report his appointments with other people to the police . Ai Weiwei : Every sentence I say is monitored	Chinese dissident artist Ai Weiwei lost appeal against tax evasion charges in Beijing court Friday Ai said he was denied access to court hearing , as he was to first hearing on June 20 Ai said he would appeal court 's decision Ai contends charges are baseless and politically-motivated
CNN  -- "  What kind of sneakers is she going to have to wear ? " This is one of many questions going through my head . It is September 2003 , and I just found out my daughter is going to be born with Down Syndrome . I am only 16 years old , just days away from my 17th birthday . I am a good student , sister and shoe lover .  Hence the reason why sneaker choice would be one of my great fears about this baby 's diagnosis .  I do not want to deal with Velcro versus ties or orthopedic shoes ; I want to pick out the latest trends and styles for her . With this diagnosis , I am now faced with the challenge of redefining every goal and dream I had for my daughter . I am scared , naturally . My friends are all out celebrating senior year , and here I am asking myself stupid questions . After a few agonizing days I realize she is my child . I love her . Does it really matter what kind of shoes she has on ? It does n't . This child is n't even born yet , and she has already taught me a lesson . I no longer care about shoes and shopping ; I just want my baby to live . I want her to be born healthy and be happy . So I make up my mind that just because she has Down Syndrome , I do n't have to give up all of my dreams for her . I can still buy her cool sneakers and shoes ; we just might need to look harder for ones that offer support as well . Opinion : Do n't label people with Down syndrome A month goes by and Jaylin is born -- a healthy 4-pound , 12-ounce baby girl with a head full of black hair . She was born with a heart defect , but it gets corrected six months after birth . A little while after that , she begins wearing her new pink Nike crib shoes . Most babies grow out of those kinds of shoes soon after birth , but not my little Jaybird . Down Syndrome can slow physical and intellectual development . She rocked those shoes for a good couple of months . These days , Jaylin is doing well . She goes shoe shopping with me and her current pick is a multicolored pair of Nike high tops . I do n't think she truly cares about shoes but just enjoys spending the time with me picking them out . She teaches me and her teachers more than we teach her . I am so happy that I was blessed with her and that she changed my views on life . Had she not been born with Down Syndrome I do n't think I would be as good a person as I am now . I currently organize a Buddy Walk with some other moms , and we use funds from the walk to donate care packages to families facing hospital stays due to complications of Down Syndrome . Jaylin is almost 6 , and this year was our fifth Buddy Walk . I started the walks in honor of her , and it is because of her that I can reach out to other families now . Having a baby with Down Syndrome made that 17-year-old me grow up fast but strong . Jaylin is such a special child . She takes her time when most of us want her to rush , and she is always the one smiling when everyone else is melting down . She will not let the world define her . She will keep doing what she loves , in great shoes , just to make me happy .	Down Syndrome is a genetic condition that causes delays in development The syndrome occurs in one in every 691 live births There are more than 400,000 people living with Down Syndrome in the United States
CNN  -- The life of a jockey is far from glamorous -- a world away from the confines of the rarefied , hushed atmosphere of London 's National Portrait Gallery . It 's a life of blood , sweat and mud-splattered silks and it 's also a hazardous profession , with jockeys at frequent risk of serious injury . That gritty reality has been key to a photograph of jockey Katie Walsh winning a prestigious portrait competition featuring esteemed subjects like former United Nations secretary general Kofi Annan . British photographer Spencer Murphy took the award-winning picture of Walsh -- sister of famed Irish jockey Ruby Walsh and the daughter of trainer Ted Walsh -- during a promotional shoot at Kempton racehorse . Walsh is pictured in the colors of the racehorse Seabass , who she rode to third in the 2012 Grand National steeplechase at Aintree . "  I wanted to show both her femininity and the toughness of spirit she requires to compete against the best riders in one of the most demanding disciplines in horse racing , " Murphy , 35 , said in a statement after picking up the $ 19,000 Taylor Wessing Photographic Portrait Prize . "  I chose to shoot the series on large format film , to give the images a depth and timelessness that I think would have been hard to achieve on a digital camera . " It was a sweet success for Murphy , who was awarded third place in last year 's competition . A black-and-white shot of Annan captured by Iranian photographer Anoush Abrar was in third place this time around . "  In my mind it was clear what I wanted to do , " said Abrar , who had previous experience of photographing Annan , "  and this portrait took literally three minutes ! " Runner-up was Giles Price for a portrait of a pilgrim and her baby at India 's Kumbh Mela festival . The award ceremony took place at London 's National Portrait Gallery , where a selection of the 5,410 entries will be on display until February .	A portrait of jockey Katie Walsh has won a prestigious photography prize Briton Spencer Murphy received a $ 19,000 check for the shot of the Irishwoman Walsh is pictured in the colors of the racehorse Seabass A picture of former UN secretary general Kofi Annan was awarded third place
First a meteor exploded over Russia , followed closely by an asteroid fly-by . Now , two comets are expected to put on a naked-eye spectacle for sky watchers in the Northern Hemisphere . Up first is Comet Pan-STARRS , which gets its funky name from the telescope credited with discovering it in June 2001 : the Panoramic Survey Telescope & Rapid Response System in Hawaii . The comet is already visible through telescopes in the Southern Hemisphere , and it should swing into view over the Northern Hemisphere beginning around March 8 . It 's hard to predict exactly how bright Pan-STARRS will be , but you should be able to see it without binoculars or telescopes , said Don Yeomans of NASA 's Near-Earth Object Program . It should be about as bright as the stars in the Big Dipper . Science Seat : Don Yeomans "  There is a chance that it will be a little brighter than this , but likewise , it might not get quite that bright , " said Karl Battams of the Naval Research Lab . Graphic : How to tell space rocks apart Part of the brightness will depend on how close Pan-STARRS gets to the sun . Comets are made up of water , ice , dust and other elements and minerals , all loosely packed together , Battams said . As a comet gets closer to the sun , the sun 's heat causes these elements to melt , spewing out dust and gas in a brilliant tail . "  The closer it gets , the more intense the radiation and the more elements will be melted , " he said . Pan-STARRS is expected to get fairly close to the sun . That 's bad news for the comet , but it could be a boon for sky watchers if the comet is brighter and easier to see . Pan-STARRS also could fall apart and fizzle . But if it survives its sunbath , we should be able to see it low on the horizon in the western sky for a couple of weeks , Battams said . "  About half an hour after sunset would be a good time for people take a look , " he said . Here are some key dates : March 5 : Pan-STARRS will be closest to Earth ; March 10 : The comet will pass closest to the sun ; March 12 and 13 : The best dates to look for Pan-STARRS ; it should emerge in the western sunset sky not far from the crescent moon . Battams has these viewing tips : 1  Safety first : Do n't try to look at the comet until the sun sets . Do not look at the sun using regular binoculars or telescopes . Ever ! You 'll burn up your eyes . 2  Comet Pan-STARRS will stay close to the horizon , so you 'll need to get away from trees and buildings . 3  Look carefully ! The sky will still be bright at dusk , which can make it hard to spot comets . 4  If the skies are clear , and you are away from city light pollution , you may be able to see the comet with your bare eyes . If not , use binoculars . 5  If you ca n't escape the city , try using binoculars . Second chance to catch a comet If your quest to see the first comet does n't pan out -- get it ?  OK , that 's bad  -- we might get to see a better comet later in 2013 : Comet ISON . ISON was discovered by Russian astronomers Vitali Nevski and Artyom Novichonok in September 2012 . It 's named after their night-sky survey program , the International Scientific Optical Network . Some early comet prognosticators -- and reporters -- have tagged ISON "  the Comet of Century . " But Yeomans is n't buying it just yet . He remembers being duped by another comet with that same moniker . In 1973 , Kohoutek was hyped , too , and it fizzled . "  Predicting the behavior of comets is like predicting the behavior of cats -- ca n't really be done , " he said . So here is the hype on ISON : On November 28 , it is expected to dive into the sun 's atmosphere . If it survives , it might glow as brightly as the moon and be briefly visible in daylight . Its tail might stretch far across the night sky . Battams is optimistic , but he said we wo n't know until late summer what to expect from ISON . "  I 'll be surprised if we do n't have a bright comet this fall and/or winter , but it 's still just too early to speculate , " he said . So , like Pan-STARRS , ISON 's fate will be decided by the sun . It could burn brightly and earn that "  Comet of the Century " title ; it could melt or it could just break apart . Scientists say neither comet poses any threat to Earth , but if both comets hold together , sky watchers will get a rare treat : two comets , both bright enough to be seen with the naked eye , in one year . Fingers crossed ! More space and science news from CNN Light Years	Comet Pan-STARRS will swing into view over the Northern Hemisphere beginning March 7 It will stay close to the horizon , so you 'll need to get away from trees and buildings to see it Comet ISON will pass by this year , but scientist is skeptical of "  Comet of Century " predictions
CNN  -- Cesc Fabregas has reacted to speculation over his future by insisting he is "  wholeheartedly committed to Arsenal " . Fabregas has again moved quickly to quell suggestions he is looking to leave Arsenal . The Spain midfielder has been linked with moves to former club Barcelona and big-spending Real Madrid in recent days , and was quoted in a report on Thursday berating his team-mates ' "  impotence " in their attempts to win silverware . However , Fabregas has hit back at suggestions he could be ready to quit the Emirates Stadium and told www.arsenal.com : "  I 'm not sure how many times I need to talk directly about my commitment to Arsenal as I continue to say the same thing over and over again , but it appears that every time I have spoken to the Spanish media recently , my words have bounced back to England , leaving question marks about my future . Check out the world 's 20 most wanted players "  So , for anyone who is unclear or may have misunderstood what my position is , let me make myself absolutely crystal clear . I am wholeheartedly committed to Arsenal and my future lies with this great club . " In this morning 's report , Fabregas revealed his frustration at the Gunners ' trophy drought which stretches back to the FA Cup final of 2005 . Comparing his situation to that of Cristiano Ronaldo , who is poised to leave Manchester United for Real Madrid after a glorious spell at Old Trafford , the 22-year-old was quoted as saying : "  The absence of titles at Arsenal is what angers me the most . "  Cristiano said he 's leaving Manchester United because he had nothing else to win . For me right now it is the exact opposite , seeing the impotence . "  This year we wanted it , we were giving everything -- but we could n't reach the level that everyone expected of Arsenal . " In Thursday afternoon 's statement , Fabregas did not attempt to downplay his anger . However , he insists that is a motivation to improve the club 's fortunes , rather than a reason to throw in the towel and head for his homeland . "  It is a fact that we have not won a trophy for four years and yes , I am angry about that , but that anger stems from the deep deep desire I have to win things with Arsenal , " he said . "  I care about this club and believe in this team . I am proud to captain this team and proud to wear the shirt . It really upsets me when people express my thoughts otherwise . "  The spirit in this squad is fantastic and we have the ability and mentality to compete on all fronts for silverware . Make no mistake , we are focussed and determined to show that we are capable of achieving great things together . "	Cesc Fabregas dismisses renewed speculation over his future with Arsenal The Spain midfielder insists that he is "  wholeheartedly committed to Arsenal " Arsenal captain admits he is angry club has not won a trophy for four years
By the time the tear gas started to clear in Ferguson , Missouri , at least 212 people had been arrested over nearly two weeks of clashes with police . A lot has been said about the fact that just a handful of them were actually from Ferguson . But there 's more to the story . A close look at the official arrest logs of the St. Louis County police , which CNN obtained Friday , shows that while some people did travel to Ferguson to protest the shooting of a black teen by a white police officer , a majority of the people arrested live in the St. Louis area . More than half of them were charged with a relatively minor offense : refusing to disperse when asked by police . Read the arrest log  PDF Ferguson is a small suburban town , just 21,000 people packed into six square miles flush against St. Louis International Airport . The unrest started when unarmed black teenager Michael Brown was shot to death August 9 by Ferguson Police Officer Darren Wilson . Anger over the shooting , and the Ferguson police department 's initial refusal to identify the officer who shot Brown , set off nightly confrontations between police and protesters . The worst violence came nine days after the shooting : on Monday into the wee hours of Tuesday . Police responded in militarized fashion , firing tear gas and rubber bullets into the crowd and confiscating firearms , Molotov cocktails and , reportedly , water bottles filled with urine . There was sporadic looting . Where is Officer Darren Wilson ? The force of the police response has been sharply criticized . But the finger-pointing went both ways . Some officials in Ferguson blamed outsiders for stirring up trouble . A deeper dive into the arrest logs and a search of social media and online news accounts show some self-avowed "  communists " and others who could be considered "  agitators . " But the vast majority of arrestees who gave out-of-town addresses were college students , peaceniks , legal advisers and journalists . The logs compiled by the St. Louis County police cover August 10 through 22 and list 212 arrests in Ferguson . They ca n't tell the full story , since they do not include arrests made by Ferguson police . They do not identify the arrestees by age or race . No incident reports are attached to provide details . Ferguson residents say police have a ` power trip problem ' But the numbers do tell this simple story : 130 people were charged with refusal to disperse , 18 or so with burglary -- which may or may not be related to looting -- and nine with disorderly conduct . A handful of people were charged with resisting arrest and two people were charged with careless driving . And , 20 people appear to have made a serious tactical error by joining the crowd in Ferguson : They were picked up on existing arrest or fugitive warrants . Seven of the people arrested were journalists trying to cover the story . The list does not include reporters from the Washington Post and Huffington Post , who were arrested in the early days of the protests . It does include a Getty photographer who was arrested , along with several international journalists and representatives from online media sites . An eighth was a college senior , a journalism major photographing the protests for a newspaper in Cincinnati . Thursday night saw an eerie quiet descend , and the number of arrests dropped sharply ; only eight were reported . Out of the glare , under the noise , other voices tell of a town called Ferguson What we know about Ferguson	Official arrest logs released for Ferguson protests of police shooting Shooting of black teen by white police officer sparked days of unrest Log covers August 10 through August 22 and shows 212 arrests More than half of those arrested were charged with failure to disperse
CNN  -- Who 's ready for a Caribbean vacation ? Yes , that 's what we thought . TripAdvisor has priced 20 beautiful , primarily Caribbean , island destinations with its TripIndex Caribbean , comparing the cost of a one-week trip for a group of four for the period from March 1 through April 30 . Included in the price analysis is the average cost of round-trip airfare from the continental U.S. , a seven-night hotel stay , six dinners and a half-day snorkeling excursion . Beach photos that will make you drool Here are the top 10 value destinations , with the cost of a weeklong trip for four : 1 . Puerto Rico - $ 4,609 2 . Jamaica - $ 4,631 3 . Trinidad and Tobago - $ 4,771 4 . Dominican Republic - $ 5,315 5 . St Maarten-St Martin - $ 5,566 6 . Bahamas - $ 5,815 7 . Curacao - $ 5,833 8 . Bermuda - $ 6,064 9 . Aruba - $ 6,260 10 . Grenada - $ 6,622 Best affordable island hotels By comparison , the cost of a weeklong stay at the most expensive destination TripAdvisor looked at -- St. Barthelemy -- is nearly $ 12,500 . Here are priciest destinations , for travelers with deeper pockets : 1 . St. Barthelemy - $ 12,486 2 . Anguilla - $ 10,709 3 . British Virgin Islands - $ 9,712 4 . Turks and Caicos - $ 8,812 5 . St. Kitts and Nevis - $ 8,668 6 . Cayman Islands - $ 8,082 7 . Antigua and Barbuda - $ 7,972 8 . St. Lucia - $ 7,627 9 . U.S. Virgin Islands - $ 6,782 10 . Barbados $ 6,710 TripAdvisor used spots with the most visits from U.S. travelers on TripAdvisor between November and January to create its Caribbean TripIndex . 8 great Caribbean hotel perks	TripAdvisor 's TripIndex looks at the cost of vacations to the Caribbean in March and April Puerto Rico provides the most affordable getaway of the locations priced St. Barthelemy is the most expensive destination on the list
JAKARTA , Indonesia  CNN  -- The death toll from a flash flood in Indonesia 's capital grew to 98 people on Sunday as rescuers widened their search for more than 130 other people in the aftermath . Members of a search and rescue team look for bodies near Jakarta . The nation 's health ministry said 62 women , 31 men and three students had been killed . Of those , 12 bodies remained unidentified , ministry spokesman Rustam Pakaya said . Another 13 people were missing . The search for the missing will be called off Sunday night , he said . The flood started Friday morning after heavy rains caused waters to smash through a dam and rush into Jakarta . The breach unleashed a torrent of water that plowed into hundreds of homes in what some survivors described as a suburban "  tsunami . " About 1,500 volunteers -- mostly students from two flooded universities in Jakarta -- are assisting in the search and rescue effort , said Mardjito , a social affairs ministry official who , like many Indonesians , goes by one name . He said rescuers started using heavy machinery to lift debris . Still , the death toll is expected to rise . At least 50 people were injured and nearly 1,500 have been displaced . Mardjito said a camp for survivors so far has adequate supplies as members of political parties continue to send food , blankets , flashlights and other items amid a major election year . Sleeping residents were taken by surprise by the powerful flash flood as it crashed through the crowded Cirendeu district near Jakarta early Friday . Watch scenes of the flood devastation " Drenched and shivering survivors were taking refuge on the rooftops of their homes as rescuers in rubber boats were struggling to reach them , said social affairs ministry official Mardjito . Indonesian President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono , currently on the campaign trail ahead of the elections later this year , has said he had ordered senior ministers to visit the scene of the disaster . "  On behalf of the government , I express my condolences to the families of the dead victims and may their souls be accepted by God almighty , " he said , according to the official Antara news agency . The rain obliterated a 255-meter-long section of the dam , releasing a wall of water from a 20-hectare lake that some survivors said reminded them of the tsunami that hit Indonesia in 2004 . "  They said they had heard loud rumbling sounds like during a powerful earthquake . They later found out that the sounds came from the water rushing out from the dam 's lake , " according to Antara . Floods from heavy rains are an annual occurrence in and around Jakarta , a low-lying city on the northern coast of Java island , where poor infrastructure often results in polluted canals and rivers overflowing their banks and spilling into thousands of homes . In 2007 , 38 people were killed and 430,000 forced from their homes when storm water 3 meters deep in some places swamped 75 percent of the capital , which is home to about 9 million people . With poor sanitation and a hot and humid climate , the risk of water-borne diseases is usually a major concern following floods in the city , where mosquito-transmitted malaria is also a threat . CNN 's Andy Saputra contributed to this report .	At least 98 dead , many more missing , from flash floods in Jakarta Flood began after heavy rains caused waters to smash through a dam Survivors say rumbling of waters sounded like an earthquake Rescuers are having difficulties reaching people because of mud
CNN  -- As one of Kenya 's premier cyclists , David Kinjah crossed the finish line winning medal after medal on several occasions . When he was n't taking the top spot on the podium , he 'd be nurturing local talent , like future Tour de France champion Chris Froome . Today , Kinjah is passing on his expertise through his organization Safari Simbaz , a group of dedicated young people hoping to become cycling heroes in a country known for producing world-class runners . "  Kenyan cycling is still at grassroots , and that 's a good thing because there 's not much politics , " Kinjah tells CNN . "  We do it at our own village level and we are happy , but the future looks bright . "  And in the future there will be the Kenyan runners beating the world , but also possibly the Kenyan cyclists doing well on the world cycling stage . " Scroll through the gallery above to explore Kinjah 's history and vision .	David Kinjah is one of Kenya 's most successful cyclists As well as a successful career , Kinjah mentored future Tour de France champion Chris Froome Today he runs the Safari Simbaz , a group of aspiring cyclists in Kenya Kinjah says : "  We realize that there is a huge potential in developing local talent "
CNN  -- Yang Lan got her start in an audition two decades ago when she beat out 1,000 other young college women for a spot on television . Today she is a TV star and media entrepreneur in China who says her shows have been watched by more than 200 million people per week . An ambassador for the 2008 Beijing Olympics , she 's often called China 's Oprah . Yet while Yang Lan is an example of the opportunity available in China , she told the TED Global conference in Edinburgh , Scotland , in July , there are also daunting obstacles to progress for many younger people . Start with the gender disparity : Under China 's one-child policy , "  because of selected abortion by families who favored boys to girls , now we have ended up with 30 million more young men than women . " TED.com : Understanding the rise of China China 's population is aging , and young people are expected to support their parents financially . In the cities , college graduates can start their careers earning about $ 400 a month , but the average rent is above $ 500 . Young couples who want to buy an apartment would need 30 to 40 years of earnings to pay for it . A migrant worker force of about 200 million people is caught between the city and the countryside , working long hours at low pay . Income inequality in China , she said , is greater than in the U.S. : "  The bitterness and even resentment towards the rich and the powerful is quite widespread . So any accusations of corruption or backdoor dealings between authorities or business would arouse a social outcry or even unrest . " TED.com : Hans Rosling on China 's rise -- how and when A good way to gauge the feelings of Chinese youth is to read what they say on microblogs , which she described as the Chinese version of Twitter . "  And because , as you know , the traditional media is still heavily controlled by the government , social media offers an opening to let the steam out a little bit . But because you do n't have many other openings , the heat coming out of this opening is sometimes very strong , active and even violent . " Environmental issues animate the conversation on microblogs . Polluted air and water and poisoned food are among the issues . "  All these things have aroused a huge outcry from the Internet . And fortunately , we have seen the government responding more timely and also more frequently to the public concerns . " Still , with all the challenges , she said young Chinese adults are well educated and are coming up with creative solutions . Among them , a "  naked wedding " which does n't involve nudity but does forgo a ring , a party , a house and a car . Microblogging is enabling people to find missing children and to rescue animals . And Yang Lan is upbeat : China 's younger generation is "  going to transform this country while at the same time being transformed themselves . "	Yang Lan is a television star and media entrepreneur in China Her career got started when she competed in audition with a thousand other college women She says today 's young generation in China faces economic , social obstacles She says China 's youth will transform the country and be transformed themselves
We know an industry is in crisis when its top institutions can not establish stable leadership . That is the case with some of our nation 's best public universities today . When the Board of Visitors at the University of Virginia pressured President Teresa Sullivan to resign on June 10 , she became the fourth leader of a flagship public university to leave office under a cloud of controversy recently . The other casualties included the highly respected leaders of the University of Wisconsin-Madison , the University of Illinois and the University of Oregon . The president of the University of California at Berkeley has also announced that he will step down in December . Leaders of public universities in other states face equally strong pressures to go . The men and women in these jobs seem to have a target on their backs . This ca n't go on . Our nation 's public universities are the heart and soul of our higher education system , which is the envy of the world . Flagship public universities educate more of the brightest high school students than private universities in many states . They conduct the lion 's share of advanced research . They also attract the largest number of foreign students . If our public universities fall into a decline because of a leadership vacuum , then our entire system will decline , too . University leaders are an endangered species because they are wedged between opposing and powerful pressures that are undermining public universities . Government officials in state capitals want to cut funding while requiring far-reaching reforms . They demand more control over costs that have risen much faster than inflation or family income in the last decade . They also ask for increased public access to flagship universities through traditional and online forms of education . Governors and legislators want all these benefits as they continue to reduce state expenditures for higher education . Professors and administrators on campus view these reforms as attacks on serious education and research . Advanced training in the sciences , engineering and humanities requires intensive small-group work that can not be subjected to assembly-line efficiencies . Anyone who has taught writing , for example , knows that there is no substitute for the instructor sitting with the student and going line-by-line through each sentence . The same is true for theoretical physics , medicine , law and many other fields . You need extended time and personal contact for young minds to mature as effective thinkers . That is expensive , but it is money well spent for the good of the society . It 's the same for advanced research . Innovation and creativity require freedom , security and flexibility . Scholars must have the ability to pursue a question in depth and examine its many implications . Sometimes an important project may take years to complete . Without university research of this kind we would not have many of the technologies and medicines we take for granted today . Governors and legislators have a strong argument about the elitism , the inefficiency and the sometime self-serving nature of university faculty . Professors have a strong case for the merits of what they do , and the remarkable record of achievements and historical job-creation coming out of our best public universities . The system works for some , but not for everyone . The system produces value , but at costs that might not be sustainable . University leaders are caught in the middle . Governors are impatient for new "  efficiencies . " Professors are adamant about protecting the freedom necessary for their work . University presidents have the title to address these issues , but they have little power when funding is tight and the two sides are equally uncompromising . No one wants to acknowledge the legitimacy of the other side 's point of view . Wealthy alumni groups are very generous and loyal to their alma maters , but they can not solve this crisis . Although alumni want their universities to be the best in the world , their support  as generous as it may be  can not replace government money . Despite steep decreases in state funding for universities , state and federal agencies provide the largest share of money to public universities for research and related activities . The National Institutes of Health , for example , is the dominant funder for medical research in the world . States own the land on which public university campuses are built . So where do we go from here ? Reforms to public universities are indeed necessary , but they will not emerge effectively from political attacks and vindictive cuts . What we need is an open and participatory process where university boards , state leaders , faculty , students and campus presidents formulate measurable goals for reasonable reforms , cost-savings , and more efficiency . These discussions should also include meaningful incentives for increased excellence  in teaching and research  , public accessibility and international recognition . University presidents should be empowered to pursue these goals , in a reasonable time frame , with transparent accountability . While faculty must preserve the essential freedoms for their creativity , they can not expect to do this by protecting privileges at all costs . Along with administrators , they have to accept changes to their comfortable routines . If both state and campus communities contribute to mutually beneficial changes , the reformed public university of the 21st century will be much improved . At present , the attacks on university leaders from all sides are attacks on the very idea of a public university . When Thomas Jefferson designed the University of Virginia , and when Abraham Lincoln created the federal land-grant system to finance public education , they had a faith that the most advanced intellectual work would improve the nation as a whole . That is what they meant by the "  public " in university . Jefferson and Lincoln 's support for public higher education made the United States a model for the rest of the world . We need leaders in government and on campus with the same vision -- the same desire to use limited resources not as instruments for political or personal advantage , but as opportunities for constructive engagement and the greatest long-term public good . Public universities need protection and they also need serious , thoughtful reform . Let 's start with giving university presidents a fair chance to do their work .	Jeremi Suri : Some of the best public universities in America are losing their presidents Suri : University leaders are caught between pressures from state officials and faculty He says reforms to these institutions are needed , but political attacks and budget cuts wo n't help Suri : University presidents should be empowered to pursue common goals
CNET  -- Smartphones are n't just smart , they 're personal computers . Unlike a desktop or even a laptop PC , those devices and other mobile phones can easily slip out of a pocket or purse , be left in a taxi , or get snatched off a table . They let you store photos , access e-mails , receive text messages , and put you one browser click away from potentially malicious Web sites . In effect , gadgets like the Apple iPhone and those running Google 's Android software can be as risky to use as PCs , except that the wide variety of mobile platforms has deprived malicious hackers of one dominant software element to target , such as they have with Microsoft 's Windows operating system on desktops and laptops . Here is a look at the different types of threats that affect smartphone users and what people can do to protect themselves . What 's the biggest security threat to my mobile phone ? Losing it . "  You are way more likely to leave it in the back of a taxi than to have someone break into it , " Charlie Miller , a principal analyst at consultancy Independent Security Evaluators , said in a recent interview . The best way to protect data in the event of losing a device is to not store sensitive information on it , he said . If you must store sensitive information on it , use a password on the phone and encrypt the data . Devices can be configured so that they ask for a password every time e-mail or a VPN is accessed . Use a strong enough password that a stranger ca n't guess it . And back up your data frequently . There are also ways to lock the phone remotely or wipe the data if it is stolen . AT&T spokesman Mark Siegel said users who lose their phone should call the company immediately and "  with just a keystroke , we can prevent anyone else from using the phone -- and from running up charges . " A number of companies offer software and services to protect mobile phones . One of them is a start-up called Lookout that offers a Web-based service that backs up the data , remotely wipes the data if stolen , can help locate the device , and includes antivirus and firewall protection . Mobile device users should also be careful about leaving the phone unattended , or loaning it to people . Spyware can be installed without you knowing it if someone has physical access to the device and knows your password -- if you have one set . For instance , the PhoneSnoop program can be used with BlackBerry devices to remotely turn the microphone on to eavesdrop on nearby conversations . However , a spokesperson for BlackBerry maker RIM points out that if the application is installed , the user would be able to see it running and could then remove it . Can mobile phones get viruses ? Yes . Mobile viruses , worms and Trojans have been around for years . They typically arrive via e-mail but can also spread via SMS and other means . Mobile phone users should be diligent in installing security software and other updates for their devices . All the major desktop security vendors have mobile antivirus and related offerings . In November , several worms hit the iPhone , but only devices that had been jailbroken so they can run apps other than those approved by Apple . One worm changes the wallpaper on affected devices to a photo of 80s pop singer Rick Astley of "  Rickrolling " fame . The second , more dangerous worm attempts to remotely control affected iPhones and steal data such as bank login IDs . Jailbroken iPhones have also been directly hacked via SMS , including by one Dutch hacker who was demanding $ 7 from victims for information on how to secure their iPhones . Miller says : "  Do n't jailbreak your phone . It breaks all the security , basically . " If you simply must jailbreak it , you should change the default root password and not install SSH  Secure Shell network protocol  . What are other types of attacks ? Just like with computer users , smartphone users are vulnerable to e-mail and Web-based attacks like phishing and other social-engineering efforts . All attackers have to do is create a malicious Web page and lure someone to visit the site where malware can then be downloaded onto the mobile device . People should avoid clicking on links in e-mails and text messages on their mobile device . Read FAQ : Recognizing phishing e-mails SMS offers another avenue for attack . Last year , researchers demonstrated several ways of attacking phone using SMS messages . In one , they exploited a vulnerability in the way the iPhone handles SMS messages . Researchers also showed how an attacker could spoof an SMS to make it look like it comes from the carrier to get the target to either download malware or visit a site hosting it . In another proof-of-concept attack , a text message was used to launch a Web browser on a mobile device and direct it to a site that could host malware . When the attack is used to phish for personal information it is referred to as "  SMiShing . " Is it safe to use Wi-Fi and Bluetooth ? Yes and no . If you are doing something sensitive on your phone , like checking a bank account or making a payment , do n't use the free Wi-Fi at a coffee shop or other access point . Use your password-protected Wi-Fi at home or the cellular network to avoid what is called as a man-in-the-middle attack in which traffic is intercepted . Pairing a mobile phone with another Bluetooth-enabled device , like a headset , means any device that can "  discover " another Bluetooth device can send unsolicited messages or do things that could lead to extra fees , data being compromised or corrupted , data stolen in an attack called "  bluesnarfing , " or the device being infected with a virus . In general , disable Wi-Fi and Bluetooth unless you absolutely need to use them . Which is safer : the iPhone or Android ? Apple vets all the apps that are used on the iPhone , and that tight regulation of the Apps store has kept users safe from malicious apps so far . Nothing is foolproof , however . Once apps are approved they can do any number of things . For instance , Apple removed free games in November developed by Storm8 that were found to be collecting users ' phone numbers . From an architecture standpoint , Android offers more granular access control . But the open-source nature of the Android platform means apps are n't as controlled as they are on the iPhone and holes can be introduced by any number of parties . For instance , Miller found a vulnerability in the Android mobile platform last year that could have allowed an attacker to remotely take control of the browser , access credentials , and install a keystroke logger if the user visited a malicious Web page . The hole was not in code written by Google , but was contributed by a third party to the open-source Android Project . However , any risk was mitigated by an application sandboxing technique Google uses that is designed to protect the device from unauthorized or malicious software that gets onto the phone , Google said . Miller recommends that Android users only download software from trustworthy vendors and reputable sites . Are standard mobile phones safe ? Obviously regular mobile phones do n't pose the Web-based threats that smartphones do . But they are still used to store sensitive information that can be accessed by gaining access to the device . For instance , the inbox and outbox for text messages can contain information that can be used for identity fraud , said Mark Beccue , a senior analyst for consumer mobility at ABI Research . "  Regardless of what type of cell phone , the most dangerous current threat is through a cellphone 's in/out message boxes , " he said . "  Clear  them  out regularly . Do not transmit full account numbers , PIN or passwords within a text message unless you immediately delete the out box message . " Standard phones that support Java can be susceptible to certain threats that smartphones are . For instance , scammers in Russia and Indonesia are hiding a Trojan in pirated software that surreptitiously sends SMS messages to premium rate numbers - costing as much as $ 5 each , thus racking up huge bills , said Roel Schouwenberg , a senior antivirus researcher at Kaspersky Lab . And what about spam ? That 's a growing problem on mobile devices . To learn more about spam , read "  FAQ : How to vanquish mobile spam . "  2010 CBS Interactive Inc. . All rights reserved . CNET , CNET.com and the CNET logo are registered trademarks of CBS Interactive Inc. . Used by permission .	What 's the biggest security threat to mobile phones ? Losing it Mobile viruses , worms and Trojans arrive via e-mail and SMS Do n't bank or make payments using free Wi-Fi , columnist advises
Washington  CNN  The Obama administration 's top aide in charge of promoting Obamacare enrollment is leaving the White House , possibly with eyes on helping another Democrat win the job in 2016 . Marlon Marshall , an aide to Hillary Clinton 's 2008 presidential campaign , is leaving the White House to rejoin 270 Strategies , a Democratic consulting firm he helped found . "  I am thrilled today to announce I will be returning to the management team of 270 Strategies , " Marshall , who served as deputy director of the White House Office of Public Engagement , said in a statement . "  I want to thank the President for the opportunity to serve and Senior Advisor Valerie Jarrett for being an amazing boss and mentor . " Word of Marshall 's departure from the White House had been rumored for months , both inside and outside 270 Strategies . Buzzfeed reported in December that he was thought to rejoin the consulting firm and the Washington Post broke the story Friday morning . The now former White House aide is close with Roby Mook , an operative who many Democrats see as the frontrunner for Clinton 's 2016 campaign manager job . Mook and Marshall worked together on Clinton and Obama 's 2008 campaigns and share a small group of confidants and friends . If Mook is tapped for the top campaign job , Marshall is expected to get a top position , too . The Mook-Marshall oddly played out last year when emails for a group of people - the self-proclaimed "  Mook Mafia " -- were leaked to ABC . In them , Marshall -- who refers to himself as "  Reverend " - congratulated friends working on campaigns for "  crushing it mafia style . " "  F U Republicans . Mafia till I die , " Marshall wrote in one email obtained by ABC . "  If you have just a few minutes , hop on that activate and punish those voters ! " Marshall said he was returning to 270 Strategies because of the group 's commitment to "  doing big things and having a meaningful impact on the issues and communities we care about . " "  It was our deep-seated belief that grassroots organizing is a necessary component to making change in those communities , " Marshall said . "  Today , the 270 mission is stronger than ever , and I could not be more excited to rejoin the team . "	Marlon Marshall is leaving the White House and could be in line for a possible Clinton campaign job Marshall will join 270 Strategies , a Democratic consulting firm he helped found He is close with the man widely seen as the frontrunner to lead Clinton 's possible 2016 campaign
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- On a clear morning in Kabul , I 'm standing on top of a wind-swept mountain , taking in the beauty around me . In the distance , I can see the snow-capped Hindu Kush mountains towering over the sprawling , dusty capital of four million people in front of me . The ruins of the King 's and Queen 's Palaces -- destroyed during the civil war in 1992 -- are within mortar firing range from where I 'm standing . This was where Gulbuddin Hekmatyar , the militia leader , and other warlords positioned their tanks against the northern alliance firing relentlessly on the city -- a four-year war that would decimate Kabul , claiming tens of thousands of lives . But Afghanistan has a long history of war and Hekmatyar was n't the only fighter to have stumbled across this strategic position . Protected by low-lying hills , the crater directly beneath me at the base of the mountain , has been used by the British , the Soviets , the Americans and now the Afghans to fight their enemies . Training side by side In the past seven years , it has been transformed into Camp Commando where Americans and Afghans work side by side to produce the country 's best soldiers . So far , they 've trained 10,500 Afghan Commandos who proudly wear the red beret . Among them , 1,000 have gone on to become the country 's elite Special Forces . As the U.S. prepares to withdraw troops by the end of the year , the focus has turned to training , advising and assisting the Afghan security forces . Second Lt. Commando Samsoor Ehdiman , 21 , is currently midway though his four-month training to join the Special Forces . "  When I see the American Special Forces , I got an idea to be a Special Forces soldier for Afghanistan to help our people in our country so that I can bring peace , " he said . He is paid a base wage of U.S. $ 400 per month , but if he qualifies for Special Forces , he will receive an extra U.S. $ 100 - $ 200 a month in his pay packet . U.S. Commander of the Commando Special Operations Advisory Group  SOAG  Joint Task Force is Colonel Brian Petit . Born and raised in southern California surfing up and down the West Coast , the former Special Forces soldier , who has fought in the Balkans , Iraq and Afghanistan , is now in charge of making this program a success . "  These guys who 've done the hard fighting have an incredible track record . If there is a campaign or battle in this country that has been hard fought , the Afghan commandos have had their footprint on it , " Petit said . Combat to training While fighting and tactical operations were once carried out by U.S. soldiers , America 's role in its longest war has now transitioned into training the Afghan National Security Forces  ANSF  , made of 350,000 army and police . Petit acknowledges it 's been a long and difficult journey -- one that is far from over . But they are having successes and Camp Commando is testament to that . The ability of the Afghan Special Forces is outstanding , he said . "  When the formation decides to go and attack an enemy position , take a hill , they will be successful 10 out of 10 times . But we have to remember that the ANSF are 12 years into building their army , and only seven to eight years into building special operations capability . "  So the real treasure is their human capital , " he said . "  And we have to help them so they can build better systems , better people , better leaders and have the formation so that they can move forward in very tough times and fight and win every time . " Petit 's partner in this mission is Major-General Sayed Abdul Karim , Commander of the Afghan National Army Special Operations Command  ANASOC  . Seven years ago , 95 % of the instructors at Camp Commando 's School of Excellence were American , he said . The overwhelming majority now are Afghan . ` America 's help essential ' While he believes the ANSF can stand on its own feet , it still needs America 's help for critical air support , heavy weaponry and intelligence gathering . And while he refuses to get caught up in the political debate about the damage caused by President Hamid Karzai 's refusal to sign the Bilateral Security Agreement that would guarantee an enduring U.S. presence after the 2014 pull out , he admits the U.S.-Afghan partnership is essential . "  We still need America 's help , " Karim said . "  If we keep building and improving our forces with their help , one day in the future , we will be part of multinational forces to go somewhere else in the world if there is a conflict . That is what I hope for . " Petit agrees . "  It 's a partnership that certainly politics pending that we want here . We have great partners , long standing partners , " he said . "  This is a strategic partnership that we think will help the Afghan government sustain , hold on , govern properly and protect it 's borders . So with a small investment here , I feel confident we could keep transnational terrorists or others that would want to harm us . I think we could keep them pushed back into their caves . " As for a war-weary United States that just wants its troops to come home , Petit ca n't help but respond as a man who has loved and lost fellow soldiers across this harsh and inhospitable terrain . "  For the people back home , I would just have them remember what they felt on September 11 , 2001 , " he said . "  The attacks on the U.S. emanated out of this country , not from this country , but from international terrorists who found this to be a hospitable place . That could happen again . "	For seven years , Americans and Afghans work together to produce country 's best soldiers America 's role transitions into training , advising , assisting Afghan forces as it prepares to withdraw Major-General Sayed Abdul Karim : "  We still need America 's help "
Travel + Leisure  -- New Yorker Marsha Sharpe , 31 , travels constantly for her corporate music business SongDivision -- logging trips to Turkey , South Africa and across America . But she 's no longer flying business class . "  Economy has become the new black , " says Sharpe . Fortunately , even as cash-strapped airlines raise fees and cut services , there 's a countervailing trend that has gone largely unnoticed by disgruntled travelers : economy class is getting better . Some airlines are introducing amenities and getting creative with seat design to lure budget-minded travelers like Sharpe . Where once business class was the primary revenue engine , it 's increasingly important that every cabin and every seat is both profitable and comfortable . This change started in the early 1990s , when safety certification changes forced airlines to tweak their seats across the craft , explains Vern Alg of Aircraft Interiors Expo . New materials like aluminums and titaniums have brought about new design possibilities , he says , and due to the rising price of fuel , "  there 's pressure on airlines to have seats that are lighter and more comfortable . " Travel + Leisure : World 's best hotels 2011 Leave it to the Germans to engineer a simple-yet-brilliant upgrade to economy-class seating . Lufthansa embraced seat manufacturer Recaro 's pioneering design , purchasing 32,000 new seats across the fleet . The seats themselves have been thinned down  without compromising comfort  and the magazine pouch shifted from knee height to behind the tray table to increase legroom . There 's no better catalyst for change than competition , lately in the form of new models : the Airbus A380 and the Boeing 787 . As airline companies snap up these new planes , they have a chance to reimagine the economy-class cabin in hopes of placating both profit-seeking shareholders and comfort-craving passengers . Japan 's ANA , for instance , is outfitting its new 787 fleet with gender-segregated bathrooms that have windows and bidet-toilets  "  Washlets "  that offer warm , pressurized water jets for a fresher clean than one-ply paper . Of course , not all creative ideas take flight . The semi-standing Skyrider seat that would offer just 23 " of legroom -- an experience compared to riding horseback -- was widely shunned last year . But travelers have  literally  embraced a revolutionary loveseat-like arrangement for couples that Air New Zealand has nicknamed "  Cuddle Class . " It 's an economy-class row of three seats that converts to a bed with the touch of a button . Now if only they could come up with a seat that prevents jet lag . LAN Chile Economy-class innovation : Breathe-easy cabins . LAN Chile will soon be using brand-new 787s , which have a hidden plus for cramped , germ-riddled economy cabins : a state-of-the-art air filter and cooling system . It strips ozone from outside air , and uses a HEPA filter to blitz bacteria and viruses , and then a gas filter to take out any nasty smells . The result : cleaner , fresher air throughout an entire flight . Although LAN Chile will be one of the first to help passengers breathe more easily , it 's not the only carrier : JAL , Air India , Royal Air Maroc , and Continental/United will also be flying Boeing Dreamliners outfitted with this filter and cooling system . Travel + Leisure : Ode to the never-ending packing list Delta Air Lines Economy-class innovation : Premium Economy without a big price hike . Many airlines now have some kind of upgraded economy option , but usually for a hefty premium . Delta is bravely trying to buck the trend with its new Economy Comfort class , available on 160 aircraft beginning in summer 2011 . Free for Platinum and Diamond SkyMiles regulars , and otherwise offered at a scaling fee  nominal for Gold and Silver SkyMiles  , this new section has plenty to recommend it : priority boarding ; 50 percent more recline ; four extra inches of legroom ; adjustable headrest and , on some carriers , footrest ; and free drinks throughout the flight . Cheers ! Singapore Airlines Economy-class innovation : Improved in-seat entertainment . It may share a name with one of the Kardashian clan , but Singapore 's KrisWorld entertainment system delivers more than just reality stars . It 's like a hybrid of Netflix and Spotify with 80 on-demand movies , 180 TV programs , a dozen radio channels with hundreds of songs and Dolby headphones for everyone . On almost every aircraft , the airline is rolling out international Wi-Fi with OnAir for a small fee . And even in economy there are USB ports for charging -- or for preparing presentations using a thumb drive and the built-in office software . Travel + Leisure : Most complained-about airlines Air New Zealand Economy-class innovation : A bed at your fingertips . Imagine if an economy row of three seats could convert to a bed with the touch of a button . Well , AirNZ 's Skycouch does exactly that : arms retract , the seat base extends , and the seatbelts lengthen to buckle up when reclining . Two passengers can snuggle horizontally , leaning against the wall or lying flat . And the price is a steal : pay a standard fare for each seat , and the third shared berth is half price -- or a 25 percent per-person premium . By the end of 2012 , every flight to America will offer this "  cuddle class . " Until then , AirNZ has a last-minute trick to help economy passengers sleep soundly on all its long-haul flights . If available , an empty neighboring seat can be purchased for a bargain price at check-in  often less than $ 60 one way  . South African Airways Economy-class innovation : Gourmet treats and a toiletry kit . Forget packing a sandwich at home or worrying about running low on snacks onboard SAA 's long-haul flights to Africa . The airline now offers passengers many of the delicious gimmicks usually restricted to the pricier cabins : grab-and-go juice or water bottles always available at the galley , two full meals and a snack with three different options and a full , gratis bar stocked with South African wines and unusual treats like Amarula , the local answer to Baileys . Even better , every passenger enjoys not just a blanket and pillow , but an amenity kit with after-dinner toothpaste and eye masks . Lufthansa Economy-class innovation : Slimmed-down seats for extra legroom . Trust German engineering -- whether it 's BMW or Recaro , the aviation industry 's answer to a sports car . This seat manufacturer has just pioneered a simple-yet-brilliant upgrade to economy seating that creates more legroom . Lufthansa has embraced the design , purchasing 32,000 new seats across the fleet for $ 175 million . The seats themselves have been thinned down  without compromising comfort  and the magazine pouch shifted from knee height to behind the tray table . The result ? Stretching your legs a few more inches without stretching your wallet . Qantas Economy-class innovation : More comfortable seats . Qantas deeded all its design needs to industrial icon Marc Newson -- and he has n't forgotten about economy passengers or the little details that can make a big difference . On the A380 , seats have movable bases that recline as the back does , making for a smoother nap . But his canniest tweak is a new riff on the footrest . Newson strung a net from the seat like a foot hammock . It 's surprisingly comfy and a great prophylactic against deep vein thrombosis as it keeps circulation flowing . Jetstar Economy-class innovation : iPad brackets . The Pinnacle seat by B/E Aerospace is an industry-wide , economy standard -- more than 200 million have been produced . But the Aussie budget carrier Jetstar has snapped up a new version with an ingenious tweak : an integrated bracket so that an iPad can be snapped onto the back of the seat in front , creating a TV-like screen . Passengers who do n't have their own iPads need n't miss out : Jetstar will soon offer an in-flight rental service for $ 8.40 . ANA Economy-class innovation : Luxury toilets . Japan 's ANA is the first airline to launch Boeing 's much-delayed and much-anticipated 787 , nicknamed the Dreamliner ; the first delivery is expected by the end of September 2011 . And in all classes , ANA is introducing select women-only bathrooms and outfitting all bathrooms with windows and the Japanese-style bidet-toilets known as Washlets , which offer warm , pressurized water jets for a fresher clean than one-ply paper . They 're common in Japan  60 percent of households use them  and will surely make a splash internationally . Airline To-Be-Determined Economy-class innovation : Automated flight attendants . Developed in Germany , this reinvented trolley leaves the rest looking as outdated as a VCR . Via a touchscreen , the Skytender uses syrups , water and a carbonation pellet to produce almost three dozen different drinks , among them hot coffee , tea , juice , sodas and even beer or mixed drinks .  All that , plus a major eco-boost since fewer bottles and cans will be discarded .  It 's currently undergoing a few final design tweaks before its onboard test in the fall ; expect the Skytender to surface in flight by spring 2012 . Travel + Leisure : Best new hotspots in Florence , Italy Planning a getaway ? Do n't miss Travel + Leisure 's guide to the World 's Best Hotels Copyright 2012 American Express Publishing Corporation . All rights reserved .	Airlines are introducing amenities and getting creative to lure budget-minded travelers LAN Chile will use brand-new 787s with state-of-the-art air filters and cooling Other airlines are changing their seat structure to be more comfortable
CNN  -- It was intended as a piece of comedy , but it 's turned into a drama . A young American living in the United Arab Emirates has been imprisoned since April , his family says , for posting what was intended to be a funny video on the Internet . Now , the family of Shezanne "  Shez " Cassim wants to bring attention to his case ahead of a hearing December 16 . The video in question is a 19-minute short that pokes fun at a clique of Dubai teens who are influenced by hip-hop culture . In the 1990s , the label "  Satwa G " was coined for a group of suburban teens who were known to talk tougher than they really were . The video depicts a look at a "  combat school " in the suburb of Satwa , where these "  gangsters " are trained . The training includes how to throw sandals at targets , using clothing accessories as whips , and how to call on the phone for backup . "  It 's like someone in the U.S. making a parody video of a Brooklyn hipster and getting thrown in jail for it and being held in jail for months without bail , " Cassim 's brother , Shervon Cassim , told CNN affiliate KARE . "  That 's what 's going on here . " Cassim 's family says Shez , 29 , has been charged with endangering national security , but they 've not been told what about the video endangered security . UAE authorities did not respond to CNN requests for details about what charges Cassim may be facing and why . "  It 's just a straightforward silly comedy video . And he 's being treated like some sort of dangerous criminal , high security criminal that they need to keep under maximum security conditions , " Shervon Cassim told KARE about his brother . Shez Cassim has lost a lot of weight , but is otherwise in good physical condition , his brother told CNN . Cassim , from Woodbury , Minnesota , moved to Dubai in 2006 after graduating college to work for PricewaterhouseCoopers . Dubai lands Middle East 's first World Expo He and some friends made and posted the video online in 2012 . He was arrested in April 2013 . According to the family , Cassim and eight friends have been charged under a cybercrimes law for endangering public order . This law , the family says , was n't passed until after the video had been released . Two attempts by Cassim 's lawyers to get him released on bail have been rejected . The U.S. State Department is providing consular services to Cassim , a department official said , and has attended all his court hearings . "  The U.S. Embassy and Consulate General have engaged with UAE counterparts to urge a fair and expedient trial and judgment , " the official said . The Satwa G 's , the family said in a statement , were known as wanna-be gangsters , and that 's how Cassim portrayed them . "  These ` gangstas ' were known for their decidedly mild behavior and were seen as the total opposite of actual criminals , " the statement said . "  The fictional training depicted in the video teaches techniques that include the best way to throw a sandal at a newspaper  target  and , ultimately , how to use the mobile phone when in trouble . " At the last hearing , the judge in the case asked for an Arabic translation of the video , giving the family some hope that the authorities will realize that it was a parody . "  I just want my son home for Christmas , " said Cassim 's mother , Jean Cassim , in a statement . "  He 's a good young man with a great career and has never been in trouble . Now he 's being held for no reason . I 've been praying , going to mass and lighting candles , and that 's what I 'm going to keep doing . " An average of about 2,500 Americans are jailed abroad every year , and about a third of those arrests are related to illegal drugs , the U.S. State Department says . "  In 2010 alone , consular officers conducted more than 9,500 prison visits , and assisted more than 3,500 Americans who were arrested abroad , " the State Department 's website says . Advice for U.S. citizens traveling abroad U.S. travelers in foreign countries are subject to the laws of those countries , and there 's a limit to how much help they can get from the U.S. Embassy or Consulate there . U.S. diplomatic corps officials "  can not represent you in legal proceedings or pay your legal fees or other expenses . But they can perform many vital services such as providing a list of attorneys , assisting in contacting your family , helping your family to send money , and monitoring your health and welfare , " the State Department says .	An American citizen is imprisoned in UAE His family says he 's facing charges for a parody video he made Shez Cassim has been unable to be released on bail His next hearing is December 16
Port-au-Prince , Haiti  CNN  -- The Dominican consul general Wednesday rejected the claim from an American church leader that she thought her paperwork was in order when she attempted to take 33 Haitian children out of the country , saying he had told her it was not . "  I warned her , I said as soon as you get there without the proper documents , you are going to get into trouble , because they are going to accuse you , because you have the intent to pass the border without the proper papers and they are going to accuse you with kids trafficking , " Carlos Castillo said he told the group 's leader , Laura Silsby , during a meeting Friday . Four hours later , Silsby and nine other Americans were turned back from the border . They were arrested and taken to a jail in Port-au-Prince . "  This woman knew what she was trying to do was not legal , " Castillo said . A CNN reporter attempted to get reaction to Castillo 's comment from the jailed Americans , but they would not discuss the matter , responding to questions by singing "  Amazing Grace " and praying . Told earlier that many of the children had living parents , Silsby said , "  I did not know that . " She added , "  In our hearts , our intention was to help children that had been orphaned or abandoned by their parents . " But the interpreters the group had used said the conversations between Silsby and the parents in the Haitian town of Calebasse made clear to them that Silsby must have been aware of the children 's status . Full coverage of Haiti earthquake aftermath SOS Children 's Villages , an Austrian charity , said that it has determined that at least two-thirds of the children are not orphans . Authorities on Wednesday questioned a Haitian police officer who works at the Dominican Embassy about whether he provided illegal paperwork to Silsby and the other Americans to facilitate their efforts as alleged by interpreters who had translated for the Americans . The interpreters told CNN the Americans met at least twice last week with the officer , at the embassy and consulate . "  He told them that he could help , and he was helping them with some paper , " said interpreter Steve Adrien . "  We did not meet him in a police station , but in the street in a car . " The Americans met again with the man in Port-au-Prince on Thursday , near the Dominican Embassy , the translator said . Isaac Adrien , Steve 's brother and another of the interpreters , said the group came away from the meeting with a document from the embassy that the Americans took with them to the border Friday in their unsuccessful attempt to cross . iReport : How you can help A Haitian lawyer representing the Americans told reporters that the arrests themselves were illegal and that their clients had only been trying to help . They are to appear Thursday before the attorney general . The group , New Life Children 's Refuge , said it was rescuing abandoned children by moving them to the Dominican Republic , where it was building an orphanage . At least some of the group are members of the Central Valley Baptist Church in Meridian , Idaho . Several residents of the village of Calebasse , more than an hour from Port-au-Prince , told CNN they voluntarily handed over their children after Silsby told them she would give them a better life . Pastor Jean Sainvil told CNN he rounded up 20 children from a camp in the Delmas neighborhood of the capital . "  I just got the word out that I am going to look for some children to be going with a group of missionaries , " he said . Some of those who responded apparently included parents . "  One of them turned five children over , " he said . He said no money changed hands . The group has no experience running an orphanage , has not registered as an international adoption agency and has not filed with the U.S. government as a nonprofit . Church pastor Clint Henry was unfazed . "  I believe that the kind of knowledge that it takes to begin an organization that works that way was in place , " he told CNN . "  The kind of employees that it takes to successfully run an orphanage , those were going to be hired . " The matter drew attention Wednesday from U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton . "  It was unfortunate that , whatever the motivation , that this group of Americans took matters into their own hands , " she said . The number of Haitian orphans taken to the United States -- those whose approval and paperwork had been in the bureaucratic pipeline at the time of the disaster -- stands at 578 , with 44 others processed and awaiting transportation , said U.S. State Department spokesman P.J. Crowley . CNN 's Dan Simon in Meridian , Idaho ; Karl Penhaul in Port-au-Prince , Haiti ; Jill Dougherty in Washington ; and Fionnuala Sweeney in Atlanta , Georgia , contributed to this report .	Dominican consul general : "  This woman knew what she was trying to do was not legal . " Laura Silsby , 9 other Americans turned back from border with 33 Haitian children The U.S. church group is being held by Haitian authorities Haiti and Dominican Republic share the Caribbean island of Hispaniola
Hong Kong  CNN  -- China 's trade surplus widened further in October to $ 32 billion as exports swelled 11.6 % , the strongest rise since May , state-run news agency Xinhua reported Saturday . During the same period , imports rose 2.4 % year-on-year , the same rate of growth recorded in September . In the first ten months of 2012 , the country 's total foreign trade expanded 6.3 % to $ 3.16 trillion compared to the same period last year . China had set a target of target of 10 % growth in foreign trade this year , however the country 's commerce minister has said that will be difficult to achieve . "  Even though our year-on-year export growth rate rebounded slightly to 9.9 % in September and 11 % in October , it remains very difficult for us to achieve the 10 % foreign trade growth target for the whole year , " Chen said on the sidelines of the Communist Party 's 18th National Congress in Beijing , according to Xinhua . Read more : Hu warns of corruption threat Chen said that China could instead expect to maintain its share of global trade . Last year , China 's trade surged 22.5 percent , however this year weak global demand , higher operating costs and growing trade protectionism were putting pressure on exports , Xinhua reported . In the first ten months of this year , trade with China 's largest trading partner , the European Union fell 3 % amid a severe economic downturn and a series of severe austerity measures . A territorial dispute between China and Japan has also taken a toll on their economic relations , pushing trade between the two down by 2.1 % . Read more : Will the music stop for China 's economy ? The falls were offset by China 's growing trade relations with the United States , ASEAN countries , Russia and Brazil . This year , China 's trade with the U.S. , its second largest trading partner , increased by 9.1 % to $ 396 billion . The positive figures come as thousands of delegates meet in Beijing for a once-in-a-decade leadership change . Next week , Xi Jinping is expected to be named the country 's new president , replacing current President Hu Jintao .	China 's exports swell by 11.6 % in October Foreign trade expands 6.4 % in first 10 months of this year Commerce minister says 10 % trade growth unlikely for 2012 Growth hit by European slowdown , higher operating costs
CNN  -- The young girl whispered in a hushed tone . She looked down as she spoke , only glancing up from her dark round eyes every now and then . She wanted to tell more , but she was too ashamed . She was just 9 years old when , she says , Congolese soldiers gang-raped her on her way to school . The young girl on the right says she was raped by Congolese soldiers . She was just 9 when it happened . "  These two soldiers nabbed her , put a bag over her head and pulled her into the bushes . She explains it as , ` They got me , ' " says Sherrlyn Borkgren , who spent a month in the Democratic Republic of the Congo late last year . Borkgren , a wedding photographer and freelance journalist , traveled to the war-torn region of eastern Congo after being awarded the ShootQ Grant , a $ 10,000 award to free photographers from everyday life to pursue a project that raises awareness of an important global issue . Borkgren pauses when she speaks of meeting the girl . "  She was obviously very traumatized to repeat this out loud , and I do n't think she had repeated it to anyone . " The young girl lied to her about her age when they first spoke . "  She said she was 15 when she was raped , " Borkgren says . "  I figured she probably wanted to say she was 15 because it 's more acceptable than to say , ' I was 9 when they raped me . ' " The United Nations estimates 200,000 women and girls have been raped in Congo over the last 12 years , when war broke out with Rwanda and Uganda backing Congolese rebels seeking to oust then-Congo President Laurent Kabila . Rape became a weapon of war , aid groups say . "  It is one of the worst places in the world to be a woman or girl , " says Anneke Van Woudenberg , a senior researcher with Human Rights Watch who has spent the last 10 years focusing on Congo . "  These are often soldiers and combatants deliberately targeting women and raping them as a strategy of war , either to punish a community , to terrorize a community or to humiliate them . " Most times , the women are raped by at least two perpetrators . "  Sometimes , that is done in front of the family , in front of the children , " Van Woudenberg says . She sighs , "  What causes men to rape -- I wish I had an answer to that . " Against this backdrop , U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , one of the world 's strongest voices for women 's rights , traveled to Congo as part of her whirlwind trip to Africa . Watch Clinton detail expectations for Africa " Clinton arrived in Goma in eastern Congo Tuesday where she is to meet with rape victims during her visit . "  I hope that here in the -LSB- Congo -RSB- there will be a concerted effort to demand justice for women who are violently attacked , and to make sure that their attackers are punished , " Clinton said Monday after a tour of a Kinshasa hospital . Human rights groups are eager to see if Clinton pressures Joseph Kabila , president of the Democratic Republic of the Congo and the son of Laurent Kabila , to do more to pursue charges against top army commanders accused of rape . "  Soldiers have committed gang rapes , rapes leading to injury and death , and abductions of girls and women , " a report released last month by Human Rights Watch says . "  Their crimes are serious violations of international humanitarian law . Commanders have frequently failed to stop sexual violence and may themselves be guilty of war crimes or crimes against humanity as a consequence . " Van Woudenberg says punishment , unfortunately , is all too rare for sex crimes . "  If you rape , you get away with it , " she says . According to the United Nations , there were 15,996 new cases of sexual violence registered throughout Congo in 2008 . Nearly two out of every three rapes were carried out against children , most of them adolescent girls , the Human Rights Watch report says . A paltry 27 soldiers were convicted in military courts last year . Under the current court system , the military handles accusations of rape against its soldiers -- something aid groups say must be changed for real accountability . Since January of this year , aid organizations say there 's been a surge of violence against civilians as a result of Congolese operations against Rwandan Hutu rebels , some of whom are believed to have participated in 1994 's Rwandan genocide . The fighting has left more than 1.8 million people displaced in the volatile region , according to the U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees . Aid groups have started to see an uptick of rapes of men this year , although women and girls remain the primary targets . "  The brutality has increased on a huge scale , " Van Woudenberg says . She says she interviewed one 15-year-old girl who was held in a hole for five months and gang-raped nearly every day . She had gone out shopping when soldiers approached . "  They asked me to take off my clothes , and I did . There was n't much I could do , " the girl told her . "  They took me into the bush . I stayed for five months with these people , and when I came back , I was five months pregnant . " Van Woudenberg adds , "  Gosh , the brutality against the women and girls is unimaginable . " Congo has taken some measures to try to curb the sexual violence . In 2006 , its parliament passed a law criminalizing rape , with penalties ranging from five to 20 years . Penalties are doubled under certain circumstances , including gang-rape and if the perpetrator is a public official . Kabila 's wife , Olive Lemba Kabila , has launched a public campaign speaking out against rapes of the nation 's women and girls . The army has also started a zero-tolerance campaign in which commanders have emphasized to troops that they must respect human rights and protect civilians from harm , according to the U.N. . In May , the United Nations handed over the names of five top military officers accused of rape . Two of the senior officers are now detained in the capital of Kinshasa and the three others must report to authorities under close observation . "  It 's expected that a trial could happen soon , " said U.N. spokesman Yves Sorokobi . "  It certainly is a big development . ... It 's important . It 's significant . " Still more must be done , aid groups say , starting with the establishment of a special court made up of Congolese and international judges and prosecutors to investigate rape allegations . Borkgren , the photographer from Eugene , Oregon , says she went to the Congo after having a dream in which two women yelled at her to "  come over here . " She won the grant and traveled there for four weeks , beginning in November of last year . She hitchhiked her way around the country , something she now admits was "  a little bit stupid . " She says she once came face-to-face with soldiers when she was shopping at a market by herself . One of the men said he wanted to "  take me up to his camp . " She still ca n't shake the looks of the local women who were there . "  That was interesting , " she says . "  When the soldiers were harassing me , the women looked ashamed of the soldiers . And when they saw me tell them , ` No , go away , ' the women looked at me quite surprised . " Eventually , she found the girl who touched her heart -- "  the great , great kid . " Borkgren first spoke with her father , who was initially reluctant to introduce her to his daughter . He explained that the family had gone to authorities , only to be ignored . Borkgren says that when she met the girl , they got along instantly . At times , the young child did n't know how to describe what happened . "  She would say , ' I do n't understand what it is , and I do n't know what words to use . ' " "  It just turned my heart to think that here 's this little girl who does n't even have the words to describe what happened to her , and has to live her life having had this violence put upon her . Just this thoughtless violence that she did n't deserve or ask for . It 's so inhumane . " Her images capture a glimpse into that world , of savagery and lost innocence . The soldiers and rebels carrying out the rapes , she says , are misguided people who need help . Caught in the middle are the innocents : women , girls and fathers struggling to get justice .	UN : 200,000 women , girls raped in Democratic Republic of Congo in last 12 years Photographer Sherrlyn Borkgren met a girl who detailed being raped by soldiers "  Two soldiers nabbed her , put a bag over her head and pulled her into the bushes " Aid worker : Congo "  is one of the worst places in the world to be a woman or girl "
CNN  -- The Arizona Senate Judiciary Committee began holding hearings Monday afternoon on proposals to end birthright citizenship under the 14th Amendment for U.S.-born children of illegal immigrants . Lawmakers in a total of 40 states are considering similar proposals "  to correct the monumental misapplication of the 14th Amendment of the U.S. Constitution , " according to the legislators ' new group , State Legislators for Legal Immigration . The 14th Amendment to the U.S. Constitution , which was ratified in the wake of the Civil War , provides in part that "  All persons born or naturalized in the United States , and subject to the jurisdiction thereof , are citizens of the United States and of the State wherein they reside . " The provision has the effect of granting "  birthright " citizenship to anyone born in the United States , even if both of the child 's parents are in the country illegally . The Arizona proposals , introduced by Republicans two weeks ago and quickly opposed by Democrats , are the latest measures following new Arizona laws that seek to crack down on illegal immigration but have landed up in court . Sponsors of this latest legislation have said they hope the bills , if one becomes law , also will provoke a lawsuit so that the U.S. Supreme Court can re-examine the meaning of the 14th Amendment 's citizenship clause . Mike Philipsen , spokesman for the state senate 's Republican majority , which holds 21 of the chamber 's 30 seats , said the judiciary committee is scheduled to hear two hours of testimony from supporters and opponents of two bills seeking to end birthright citizenship for babies born on U.S. soil to illegal immigrants . Under the proposals , Arizona would create a special class of birth certificates for children who are born to parents who ca n't prove their citizenship . The committee is chaired by the bills ' Senate sponsor , Ron Gould , said Philipsen . "  These folks are essentially gaming the system to put themselves ahead of the line , " Gould told CNN , referring to illegal immigrants giving birth to children in the United States as a way for their children to have citizenship . A similar measure is sponsored in the House by Rep. John Kavanagh , whose chamber has yet to schedule a hearing , Philipsen said . "  Obviously with this issue , there 's going to be a lot of debate on it , there 's going to be a lot of people speaking on it , " Philipsen said of Monday 's scheduled two-hour hearing . If approved , the legislation would apply only to children born after the law went into effect or after a ruling from the expected court action , Kavanagh said . Advocates of the Arizona proposals and others like them being planned in several states argue how during an 1866 Congressional debate , U.S. Rep. John Bingham of Ohio , considered one of the fathers of the 14th Amendment , said " ... every human being born within the jurisdiction of the United States of parents not owing allegiance to any foreign sovereignty is , in the language of your Constitution itself , a natural born citizen ... " Pennsylvania state Rep. Daryl Metcalfe , a Republican who 's the founder of the State Legislators for Legal Immigration , said that Bingham 's comment is the basis for his group 's efforts in several states to form a compact defining the 14th Amendment . They argue that the reference to "  parents not owing allegiance to any foreign sovereignty " means the 14th Amendment was not intended to apply to children born of citizens from other countries . "  It 's very important for those who are in elected office to uphold and defend the Constitution and to ensure the Constitution is applied correctly and the laws of our nation are the result of the correct application , " Metcalfe told CNN . "  That is the only way we 're going to protect American lives , liberties , and property from the illegal alien invasion that 's occurring on our soil . " By noon Monday , several dozen members of Border Action Network and other community organizations gathered outside the Arizona Senate in Phoenix to participate in what was supposed to be a "  one-thousand baby chain " protesting the Senate hearing , which began at 2 p.m.  4 p.m. ET  . The hearing ended later Monday afternoon without the committee taking any action on the legislation . "  Our legislators need to stop these incredibly expensive , ` quick-fix ' approaches to a broken immigration system , " Jennifer Allen , executive director of Border Action Network , said in a statement . "  We need legislators with political spine to say that we need to protect all children , protect our Constitution and fix our immigration system . " Arizona Senate Minority Leader David Schapira , a Democrat , called the proposal legislation "  a waste of time " and unconstitutional . He told CNN the proposed legislation would also seek to create an interstate compact between Arizona and other willing states that would recognize the proposed new class of birth certificates for non-citizens . "  Arizona 's fiscal situation is among the worst , if not the worst , in this country . I ca n't believe we 're wasting our time on this , " Schapira said . Given how sponsors ultimately seek a lawsuit before the U.S. Supreme Court , Schapira said : "  It 's really misplaced priorities . " CNN legal analyst Jeffrey Toobin said the U.S. Supreme Court is unlikely to take up such a case . "  This is not something that the Supreme Court is going to revisit , " Toobin said . "  It 's not like it 's been controversial for 150 years . "  This is really a frivolous endeavor , " he said . "  The law is so clear on this issue . The language of the 14th Amendment says all persons born in the United States are citizens . It does n't matter who your parents are or if they 're in this country legally or illegally . "  This group is better off trying to amend the Constitution than to pursue this law , which in my opinion is unconstitutional , " Toobin said . CNN 's Casey Wian contributed to this report .	At issue is "  birthright citizenship " for children of illegal immigrants An Arizona legislative panel is holding a hearing on a proposal to end birthright citizenship Opponents say the measure is unconstitutional Sponsors say the measure is designed get the issue before the U.S. Supreme Court
EW.com  -- When agent Aaron Cross plunges into icy waters in the opening moments of the brisk and satisfying spy thriller "  The Bourne Legacy , " the scene serves two purposes : to commemorate the superb and well-loved trilogy that came before , in which Matt Damon , as the man called Jason Bourne , made his first appearance in "  The Bourne Identity , " fished out of the Mediterranean Sea with bullets in his back ; and to baptize Jeremy Renner as the action-hero heir worthy of leading the franchise forward . The symbolism works elegantly . Renner 's Cross is a conflicted hero built to take advantage of the "  Hurt Locker " star 's best qualities as an actor  $ " his default intensity , the way he conveys that complicated mental calculations are taking place under cover of watchful stillness , even underwater . Director and co-writer Tony Gilroy  "  Michael Clayton "  has custom-tailored "  The Bourne Legacy " for the present by opening up the narrative . Unnerving scenes of backroom operations among shadowy governmental and private-enterprise types reveal the machinations of a much bigger , more nefarious tangle of players than previously imagined . There are mystery men running the country  $ " and , by remote control , the world . This movie recommends worrying . Meanwhile , Cross is currently the agent in the crosshairs . To his handlers he 's only "  No. 5 , " one of six experimental warriors chemically enhanced for use by the Department of Defense in an operation called Outcome  $ " sort of the 2.0 of the original trilogy 's Treadstone . But now his masters  led by an effectively steely Edward Norton  want to eradicate all evidence that Outcome ever existed by destroying these six superagents . In desperation , he turns for help to the pharmaceutical scientist who "  created " his enhanced capabilities  Rachel Weisz , a good choice , and from the looks of her , a good runner  . Soon the two are sprinting for their lives together . Like any story with ` Bourne " in the title , this one scampers around the globe , with a big chunk of well-crafted showdown action set in teeming Manila . Gilroy , who as a screenwriter has shaped the movie saga from the beginning , trades the wired rhythms established in the past two episodes by Paul Greengrass for something more realistic and closer to the ground . The change is refreshing . Jason Bourne 's legacy is in good hands . Grade : A - See full story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly  2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  The Bourne Legacy " stars Jeremy Renner Matt Damon had previously starred in the franchise EW gives the film an A minus
CNN  -- South Korean star Park Ji-sung has signed a two-year contract extension at English Premier League champions Manchester United . The 28-year-old Park has been handed a contract extension at Manchester United . The attacking midfielder is now tied to Old Trafford until 2012 as reward for his dogged displays for United since joining from PSV Eindhoven in 2005 . "  I am so pleased to have a new contract , " Park told www.manutd.com . "  We have achieved great success over the last four years and won many trophies . " Park has had to work hard to establish himself as a regular member of United 's starting line-up and was devastated to be left out of the squad for their 2008 Champions League final success against Chelsea . But last season he was a key figure as United completed a hat-trick of Premier League titles . Park also gained selection for the Champions League final against Barcelona , becoming the first player from Asia to play in the European club showpiece . His popularity in his home region is undoubted and United have been able to capitalize with two highly-profitable visits to the continent with Park a key draw . Park , who will be a driving force in South Korea 's World Cup challenge in South Africa next year , has played 127 times for United , scoring 12 goals . "  We are always pleased to secure the future of our star players and Ji-Sung has proved himself to be a fantastic professional as well as an important versatile player in our squad , " said manager Alex Ferguson . Park has been rewarded with an improved deal worth a reported $ 5.9 million per year .	Park Ji-Sung given two-year extension to his contract at Manchester United South Korea star was first player from Asia to play in Champions League final Park has made 127 appearances for United since joining from PSV in 2005
CNN  -- Real Madrid took a big step toward reaching the second round of the Champions League with a 2-0 home win over Group G rivals AC Milan on Tuesday night , while Chelsea , Bayern Munich and Arsenal also maintained their perfect start to Europe 's premier club competition . Real were beaten at home by the Italian side in the group stage last season , but the Spanish league leaders are now a different proposition under new coach Jose Mourinho , who led Inter Milan to final glory in May . The game was virtually over after only 14 minutes as Cristiano Ronaldo and Mezut Ozil scored within 60 seconds of each other . Ronaldo followed up his weekend double against Malaga with a free-kick that went straight through the middle of a poor defensive wall , leaving unsighted goalkeeper Marco Amelia with no chance . It was his fifth goal in three matches . The world 's most expensive player then broke down the left and passed inside to Germany midfielder Ozil , whose shot took a wicked deflection off Daniele Bonera and looped over Amelia into the net . Milan went close to pulling a goal back in the 29th minute , but keeper Iker Casillas did well to tip Andrea Pirlo 's fierce free-kick onto the crossbar . Real could not translate their attacking dominance into more goals , and in the 83rd minute needed captain Casillas to stop former Madrid forward Robinho from setting up a tense finale after coming on to replace Ronaldinho . Dutch side Ajax moved level with Milan on six points after beating Auxerre 2-1 at home in a match which saw three players sent off in the second half . Netherlands midfielder Demy de Zeeuw fired the four-time champions ahead in the seventh minute and Uruguay striker Luis Suarez made it 2-0 four minutes before halftime . But Ajax were reduced to 10 men in the 56th minute when defender Andre Ooijer brought down Dennis Oliech , allowing and Slovenia international Valter Birsa to score from the subsequent free-kick . However , Auxerre 's hopes of earning a first point -- and perhaps a place in the Europa League -- faded when Oliech received his second yellow card for handball . Substitute Jean-Pascal Mignot did not even get on the field as he was ordered from the bench for dissent . German champions Bayern Munich needed two-own goals from Romania 's CFR Cluj in order to come from behind and seal a 3-2 home victory in Group E. Ricardo Cadu headed the visitors in front in the 28th minute , but the Portuguese defender deflected a shot by Toni Kroos into his own net four minutes later and teammate Cristian Panin did the same from Holger Badstuber 's effort on 37 . Germany striker Mario Gomez made it 3-1 from close range with 13 minutes to play for a Bayern side missing several key players before Argentine midfielder Emmanuel Culio scored a late consolation for Cluj , who suffered a second defeat . Swiss side Basel made it three teams on three points with a 3-1 victory away to previously second-placed Roma . Alexander Frei put the visitors ahead in the 12th minute after being set up by a header from strike partner Marco Streller , but Italy forward Marco Borriello leveled nine minutes later from Francesco Totti 's first-time throughball . Ghana fullback Samuel Inkoom restored Basel 's lead just before the break with a fierce shot , while Roma 's Rodrigo Taddei hit the post after the interval before substitute Cabral sealed victory in injury-time . Chelsea clinched a third successive victory in Group F with a 2-0 victory away to previously unbeaten Spartak Moscow in Tuesday 's opening match . Russia international Yuri Zhirkov chose the perfect time to score his first goal for the English Premier League champions , lashing home a left-foot volley in the 24th minute after the home defense failed to properly clear a long ball forward . Nicolas Anelka doubled the lead just before halftime after Michael Essien won the ball in midfield and set him free , with the former France striker making up for wasting a similar earlier opportunity . French side Marseille kept alive hopes of reaching the second round , beating Slovakia 's MSK Zilina to register their first points . Senegal defender Souleymane Diawara headed the only goal four minutes after halftime for the 1993 champions . Arsenal top Group H after crushing main rivals Shakhtar Donetsk 5-1 at home , with captain Cesc Fabregas marking his return from injury with a second-half penalty . Alexandre Song and Samir Nasri netted in the first half before Spain midfielder Fabregas struck from the penalty spot on the hour mark . Young midfielder Jack Wilshere and striker Marouane Chamakh made it three goals in less than 10 minutes before Croatia striker Edoardo came off the bench to score against his former club in the 82nd minute . Portugal 's Sporting Braga won the battle of the group 's two pointless teams , winning 2-0 at home to Partizan Belgrade . Lima 's long-range free-kick put the competition debutants ahead 10 minutes before halftime , while fellow Brazilian striker Matheus condemned the Serbian side to a third successive defeat from a counter-attack in the final minute .	Real Madrid avenge last season 's defeat by Milan to win third successive Group G match Under-strength Bayern Munich similarly top Group E after beating CFR Cluj 3-2 Chelsea on verge of reaching second round after 2-0 win at Spartak Moscow in Group F Arsenal poised to join them after crushing Group H rivals Shakhtar Donetsk 5-1
CNN  -- "  She has an incredible legacy , " Australian Prime Minister Julia Gillard tweeted . The Labor leader was n't talking about Britain 's Iron Lady Margaret Thatcher , whose funeral on Wednesday was dominating headlines around the world -- she was referring to a race horse . Accolades have been streaming in for Australia 's champion mare Black Caviar as the horse was retired after an impressive undefeated 25-win career . "  It 's emotional , a lot of people are in shock , " co-owner Colin Madden told CNN . "  She 's a remarkable horse with a remarkable career and it just seemed that the time was right . " "  In my lifetime , she 's certainly the greatest race horse I 've ever seen . " The six-year-old sprinter , worth almost $ 8 million in prize money , bowed out after claiming her quarter century victory at Sydney 's TJ Smith Stakes on Saturday . It marks the end of a record-breaking career for the "  Wonder from Down Under " who transcended the sports pages to become one of the country 's most beloved sporting celebrities . The super mare was n't just a powerhouse on the track -- she was a treasured personality who appeared on the cover of Vogue , launched a best-selling biography and was named Sportswoman of the Year by Sydney 's Daily Telegraph . Unsurprisingly , the retirement of the world 's top-rated racehorse led news bulletins in Australia , with Gillard tweeting : "  We 've never seen anything like Black Caviar before and may never again . She has an incredible legacy . " Similarly , Australian Liberal opposition leader Tony Abbott tweeted : "  Congratulations Black Caviar . You 've done Australia proud , both here and overseas . A remarkable racing career . " The mare 's retirement ensured journalists rushed to the stables of Melbourne trainer Peter Moody . "  At the end of the day we believe she 's done everything we 've asked her to do and she could possibly have done no more , " Moody told the media throng . "  It 's a job well done , and something we can all be extremely proud of . She really gave her all and we thought what else can we achieve ? She 's been a great shining light for racing . " Since demolishing the field in her first major win at the Danehill Stakes in 2009 , an air of mystique has followed the world champion thoroughbred . The wonder mare , who even has her own Twitter handle , has not just won all 25 of her races -- with the exception of Britain 's Royal Ascot she has won them by staggering margins -- destroying world-class fields to become one of the world 's top-rated race horses . Her unblemished record is the second highest of all time , trailing behind only Hungarian horse Kincsem , which apparently took 54 races in the late 1800s . Black Caviar will now enjoy around three weeks to "  take it easy , " said Madden , before embarking on the next lucrative chapter of her career . "  She 'll spend some time in a grass paddock under the sun and the stars , " he said . "  This is the end of her racing career and the start of her new life as a breeding mare . " "  We 'll make a decision sometime in the next two months but at this stage it 's most likely she 'll stay in Australia . " There had been speculation Black Caviar would mate with champion British thoroughbred , Frankel . The colt , who wrapped up his stellar career in the Champion Stakes at Ascot with an unblemished 14-win record , has now been put out to stud -- with big returns expected for owner Saudi Prince Khalid Abdullah . Madden did n't rule out the possibility of a "  Brangelina " courtship for the racing supercouple , saying "  He 's an extraordinary horse and it could be a wonderful match -- but nothing 's been decided and it 's something we 're still assessing . " One thing however , is for certain -- in her four-year career the unbeatable horse with a luxury name cemented her place in the record books and the hearts of a nation . BBC racing journalist Frank Keogh perhaps summed up her appeal best : "  Built like a bulldozer , performed like a ballerina - Black Caviar is a racing champion who became a cover star . "	Australian super mare Black Caviar retires after undefeated 25 wins Country 's political leaders tweet accolades News bulletins lead on the ` Wonder from Down Under ' celebrity horse Yet more riches await in new career as a breeding mare , Frankel possible mate
CNN Student News  -- September 9 , 2010 Download PDF maps related to today 's show :  Cleveland , Ohio  Detroit , Michigan  Long Island , New York Transcript THIS IS A RUSH TRANSCRIPT . THIS COPY MAY NOT BE IN ITS FINAL FORM AND MAY BE UPDATED . CARL AZUZ , CNN STUDENT NEWS ANCHOR : Hi , I 'm Carl Azuz with your morning announcements . One : CNN Student News is on , and you 're gon na love it . Two : The CNN Teachers ' Lounge is open , and you 're gon na hear more about it in just a few minutes ! First Up : Economic Plans AZUZ : First up , though , the economy , and a pair of plans that both aim to give it a needed boost . The first one comes from President Obama . During a visit to Cleveland , Ohio yesterday , he laid out his ideas to help the economy . They include cutting taxes for businesses that buy new equipment or do new research ; and spending money on the country 's infrastructure , things like roads and power programs . He also talked about some of the things that have happened since he took office in 2009 . U.S. PRESIDENT BARACK OBAMA : Our economic plan has invested in badly needed infrastructure projects over the last nineteen months . Not just roads and bridges , but high-speed railroads and expanded broadband access . Altogether , these are projects that have led to thousands of good , private sector jobs , especially for those in the trades . Mr. Boehner and the Republicans in Congress said no to these projects , fought them tooth and nail . AZUZ : You heard President Obama mention a Mr. Boehner there . That would be Republican House Minority Leader John Boehner . He 's from Ohio . He says the president 's economic plans so far have n't worked , and Mr. Boehner does n't think the new ideas will work either . He 's pushing a different plan to boost the economy , one that comes from Republican leaders in Congress . This one has two main points . The first is to cut government spending . Congressman Boehner says that 's caused more debt and fewer jobs . The second point is to put a freeze on tax rates for two years . Mr. Boehner argues that when taxes go up , it hurts families and small businesses . BP Investigation AZUZ : When it comes to something like the Gulf Coast oil spill , a lot of people want to know whom can be blamed . Well , there 's a new report out that puts most of that blame on TransOcean and Halliburton , two companies that BP hired to work on the oil well . But the report was written by BP . The company did accept some of the responsibility . It says faulty cementing , a misread pressure test , and a blowout preventer that was n't maintained correctly all led to the spill . Halliburton and Transocean have criticized BP 's report . One expert talked about how this whole situation is a unique one . DON VAN NIEUWENHUISE , PROFESSOR , PETROLEUM GEOSCIENCE , UNIVERSITY OF HOUSTON : What 's interesting in this case is that , you know , they actually went through eight steps and no one said , "  Hey , stop . " That , to me , is more of a rig problem than , say , a systemic problem across the oil industry . Detroit Fires AZUZ : 85 fires in four hours . That 's what firefighters in Detroit , Michigan had to deal with Tuesday night . There were so many fires that nearby towns sent emergency workers to help out . Fire officials say a lot of the blazes started when strong winds knocked down power lines . The winds then carried flames from house to house . That caused nine homes to catch fire on one block alone . Officials say no one was hurt , but a power company spokesperson said 15,000 people still did n't have power yesterday morning . Authorities think at least one fire might have been caused by arson ; it might have been set on purpose . Is This Legit ? TOMEKA JONES , CNN STUDENT NEWS : Is this legit ? Fasting during the Muslim holy month of Ramadan is one of the five pillars of Islam . True ! During Ramadan , Muslims do n't eat or drink during daylight hours . Ramadan Observance AZUZ : There are more than a billion Muslims around the world . And for them , Ramadan is the most sacred time of the year . It 's been going on since August ; it 'll finish at the end of this week . But the exact date when Ramadan finishes this year has some Muslims considering how they might celebrate the end of Ramadan . It 's on September 11th , and this is the first time since the 9/11 attacks that Ramadan has ended on that date . Mary Snow visits an Islamic center in New York to see how celebrations might be balanced with sensitivity . BEGIN VIDEO MARY SNOW , CNN NATIONAL CORRESPONDENT : Afternoon prayers at the Islamic center of Long Island . As Ramadan draws to a close later this week , these worshipers are being advised to tone down what is usually a celebratory occasion . SAJID SHAH , PRESIDENT , ISLAMIC CENTER OF LONG ISLAND : After 30 days of fasting , you know , this is the month that ended our celebration . SNOW : How will it be different this year ? SHAH : This year will be a little different . You know , we are not celebrating the way we suppose to do , normally would do . SNOW : Because ? SHAH : Because of 9/11 . SNOW : The end of Ramadan , or Eid , depending on the moon Thursday night , falls on either Friday or Saturday , which is September 11th . But many Muslims have decided to mark it on Friday . Imam Al-Amin Abdul Latif is the head of the Islamic Leadership Council in New York , an umbrella group of Muslim organizations . IMAM AL-AMIN ABDUL LATIF , MAJLIS ASH-SHURA : I guess people may think , look at Eid as a protest , you know , against , against people who may be celebrating . SNOW : One Muslim group , for example , celebrates Eid at Six Flags parks . This year , organizers have been careful not to schedule their events for September 11th . It comes against the backdrop over anger about the proposed Islamic center near Ground Zero and protests at other mosques around the country . Muslims are trying to send out their own message , like this public service announcement created through grassroots efforts . VIDEO CLIP , MYFAITHMYVOICE.COM : I do n't want to take over this country . SNOW : One Muslim leader who works with an interfaith youth group in Chicago says he feels the attitude towards Muslims this year is unlike any other . EBOO PATEL , INTERFAITH YOUTH CORE : Frankly , I have not felt this fearful . A mother came up to me at my Muslim house of worship earlier this week and said to me , "  Eboo , when will my 8 and 10-year-old sons stop being bullied on the playground because of their names , Ahmed and Akbar ? " And what I said to her is "  very soon , very soon , " because the forces of inclusion in America have always defeated the forces of intolerance , and they will defeat the forces of intolerance again . SNOW : This 9/11 , this mosque in Westbury , New York will dedicate a peace garden with other clergy , but it has also asked local police for protection following suspicious incident of broken windows at the mosque . Imam Latif says his group has also decided not to hold a counter-protest Saturday supporting the Islamic center near Ground Zero after the families of 9/11 victims requested they not hold the rally . LATIF : We 've been encouraging our people to be calm , to be patient , but be firm and be strong and to reach out , you know . SNOW : And this Islamic center , for one , is opening its doors to hold open houses with the aim of promoting understanding . END VIDEO Rosh Hashanah AZUZ : Ramadan is n't the only religious holiday that 's happening this week . Rosh Hashanah , the Jewish new year , began last night . It marks the start of the Jewish High Holy Days , which end ten days later with Yom Kippur . In Hebrew , Rosh Hashanah means "  beginning of the year . " It 's also sometimes referred to as the "  day of repentance " or "  day of remembrance . " One of the holiday 's most significant rituals is the blowing of the shofar . It 's a ram 's horn that 's used to call people to worship during the High Holy Days . Shoutout BILL CAIACCIO , CNN STUDENT NEWS : Time for the Shoutout ! What is the name for small , rocky objects that are found in space ? If you think you know it , shout it out ! Is it : A  Nebula , B  Asteroid , C  Stalactite or D  Metroid ? You 've got three seconds -- GO ! l Those rocky objects are called asteroids , and most of them are found between Mars and Jupiter . That 's your answer and that 's your Shoutout ! Asteroid Encounter AZUZ : The space community is buzzing about two asteroids that buzzed by Earth yesterday . One passed our planet in the morning . The other went by about 12 hours later . Both of them were closer to the Earth than the moon is . Officials say neither asteroid were any sort of threat to our planet . Unless you had a telescope , you would n't even have been able to see them . What 's interesting about this is both asteroids passed so close to Earth on the same day , and that NASA spotted them so far in advance . The CNN Teachers ' Lounge AZUZ : We ask for your opinions on our blog , and you 're great about giving them to us . Now , though , it 's your teachers ' turn ! The CNN Teachers ' Lounge is up and running . Teachers , this is where you can sound off on education issues . This week 's question : When is the best time to start a new school year ? Log on to the lounge at CNNStudentNews.com , and tell us what you think . Before We Go AZUZ : All right , before we go , water skiing ai n't easy the first time you do it . Even kneeboarding requires a bit of balance . This here dog has twice the legs we do , though , combined with a fish 's love for the water . And when it comes to tricks , sit , shake and roll over have nothing on this . Chibi the water skiing dog is giving the water skiing squirrel a run for its acorns . How do you top this ? One neighbor says skydiving , maybe parasailing . Goodbye AZUZ : We say hot dogging ! We 'll "  ski " you tomorrow for our awesome Friday edition of CNN Student News ! I 'm sorry about the puns , but really I 'm not . Have a great day . Talk to you soon !	Learn about the details of a pair of plans to boost the U.S. economy Find out why some Muslims are balancing celebrations with sensitivity Discover why the space world is buzzing about a pair of asteroids Use the Daily Discussion to help students understand today 's featured news stories
CNN  -- The relationship between sporting greats and great venues and events is often complicated . Usain Bolt thrives at the Olympics . But Sachin Tendulkar never scored a century at the home of cricket Lord 's while the clay courts at the French Open blunted the talent of tennis legend Pete Sampras . In downhill skiing , though , the man widely considered the best ever had few relationship issues with the mountain all in his sport want to conquer . Franz Klammer won five overall downhill World Cup titles . At one stage he was so dominant he won 11 races in a row . And at downhill 's most famous and feared slope , the Streif , on the Hahnenkamm mountain in Kitzbuhel , he came down the quickest four times . The Streif means strip or stripe . Its combination of blind turns and varying gradients make it the hardest and scariest out there . "  The first time when I came here and I saw the downhill I said : ` I 'm not doing this , these guys are crazy , they are just nuts ' , " Klammer told CNN 's Alpine Edge . ` It is the most difficult and daring downhill on the whole circuit . That 's why its such a good race . If you are a good downhiller you 've got to win Kitzbuhel . " By the sound of it , Austrian ace Klammer knows every nook and cranny of the course so well it is as if he could ski the course blind . "  You have no time to get into the race . "  If you compare it to Wengen , there you start with a few gentle turns . "  On the Streif you accelerate from 0 to 100 kilometers an hour in just three seconds . " And just five seconds after the start you hit the "  mousetrap " , a blind jump where the racers pick their line from trees on the other side of the valley . "  The first time I did it I thought I could n't make it . I tried it and I was going very awkwardly and I did it and I thought wow ! And then it became my favorite part of the course , " recalls Klammer . "  Then you have the Steilhang -- which translates as steep rock slope -- it 's the most difficult turn . It 's a left hanging turn which traverses a hill leaning the other way and you have to carry all your speed through it to the flat bit next . "  If you have no speed there you 're done . You can drink your beer half way down , " adds Klammer with a chuckle . And well might he laugh . He did win here four times , a record only broken last year by Switzerland 's Didier Cuche . "  The first was very special because I had won all my races up to Kitzbuhel . It would be my fifth victory , which would tie the record for wins in one season . "  I had a crash in the training run , so was a little injured . Everything went wrong , but still I won the race , and went on to win the next and set a new record . " For his first victory in 1975 he was the hot favorite . Not so in 1984 . "  I did n't win Kitzbuhel for seven years . I could n't believe it , this is my downhill and I could n't win it any more . What 's happened ? "  And then I was in the starting gate in 1984 and I knew I was going to win this race . No matter what . I was going for it . " Klammer is back in Kitzbuhel where this weekend the latest generation tackle the slope which has staged races since 1931 . In a sport where the talk now is all of preparation , his advice is a little surprising . "  I know exactly where I want to ski but usually I am not where I want to ski ! "  The big thing you have to be able to do is improvise , not stick to your line . If you stick to your line , most likely you are going to be very slow . You just let it go . And then sometime you are 10 meters off your line and you just have to go on from there . " It was this ability to think on his skis that secured his most famous non-Hahnenkamm victory at the Olympic Games in 1976 in front of a ecstatic home crowd in Innsbruck . He was the last man to go in the final and the hopes of a nation rested on his shoulders . "  Halfway down I looked at the crowd and they were cheering but not that enthusiastically , and I thought I better do something , better change something , otherwise I will not win the race . "  So I changed totally the line , and went all the way up to a fence on a big right hander . I had n't even inspected up there . I was skiing right on the edge . " It seems the most famous races of them all really are won not beforehand , but in the 100-odd seconds it takes to get to the bottom .	Austrian skiing legend Franz Klammer was a Hahnenkaam specialist He won four World Cup downhills on the famous but feared slopes Klammer claimed five overall World Cup downhill crowns His most famous victory came at the 1976 Winter Olympics in Innsbruck
Hong Kong  CNN  -- As the attention of the rugby world is drawn to Hong Kong this weekend for the Rugby Sevens , corporations are looking to capitalize on a sport that soon will become an Olympic event . Two dozen teams will pound the pitch , put in flying tackles and perhaps lose teeth in an effort to claim the 2012 championship trophy . For the New Zealand Sevens team , it 's time to defend last year 's victory . For spectators , it 's a chance to run up a credit card bill on beer and bizarre costumes . But for HSBC , this year 's tournament marks its return to the stands as a sponsor after a 17-year hiatus . "  There 's more to sports than just the players on the field -- there 's the financial funding , " said DJ Forbes , the captain of the New Zealand Sevens . "  If a sponsorship deal is held in high esteem , potential sponsors are going be sure the money they invest is put in the right places . " But is the right place the Hong Kong Rugby Sevens ? HSBC thinks so . Even as the bank is cutting tens of thousands of jobs worldwide , HSBC is investing in rugby ahead of the sport 's inclusion in the 2016 Summer Olympic Games . "  Rugby has changed enormously . The HK Sevens is a very popular tournament but was much more standalone than it is now , " said Giles Morgan , HSBC Group head of Sponsorship and Events . "  That and its upcoming inclusion in the Olympics in 2016 in Rio de Janeiro have made the game much more international and much broader . " But while HSBC has ramped up its sponsorship investment in Hong Kong , the "  world 's local bank " is winding down some of its Asian retail operations -- notably in Japan and Thailand , while cutting 30,000 workers worldwide by the end of next year . All of this is a cost-cutting plan as laid out by HSBC 's Chief Executive Stuart Gulliver to save some $ 3.5 billion . Morgan quickly defends HSBC 's sponsorship as a calculated strategy . "  We very much regard our sponsorship as a business -- with business objectives , " he said . "  This is not about a fun investment . We are targeting key demographics and key geographies . "  It made sense for HSBC to come back , " he added . "  We did n't know rugby was going to grow the way it did . " And it has grown . From the Hong Kong Sevens first tournament in 1976 that featured just nine teams , it now invites 24 teams spanning every continent except for Antarctica . It now pulls in profits for Hong Kong on the order of hundreds of millions of dollars . Morgan declined to comment on how much HSBC actually invests in sponsoring this year 's Hong Kong Sevens but he says the bank aims for a three-to-one return on sponsorship investment . But it is rare for any company to know its rate of return on investment , according to one Hong Kong advertising firm . Not only that , companies may pay a prestige premium that comes with being a title sponsor for high-profile sporting events because there are so few of them . In American football there 's only one Superbowl . In international football , there 's only one World Cup . In Hong Kong , there 's only one Rugby Sevens Championship . So why invest in the Sevens then ? For HSBC , it helps target specific clients in markets like Hong Kong , Shanghai and Singapore -- hub cities the bank is targeting for growth , even as it streamlines elsewhere , Morgan said . "  With strong expat communities you 'll be looking at strong growth . " HSBC is sharing title sponsorship of the Rugby Sevens with Cathay Pacific , whose global hub is Hong Kong . "  We 're looking for sponsorships that really help build Hong Kong and help bring people in to make the city a tourist destination , " says Camilla Taylor , Cathay Pacific 's Marketing Manager-Events . "  We target a lot of different groups , including average rugby fans around the world . We 're trying to promote the Sevens to a wider audience . " Cathay has been investing in the Hong Kong Sevens for much of the last 35 years . Aside from a seven-year break from 1997 to 2004 in the wake of the Asian financial crisis , the territory 's flagship air carrier will likely not fly away as a Sevens sponsor soon , Taylor said . While HSBC , Cathay Pacific and other sponsors refuse to divulge their investment or returns , Hong Kong gladly throws its books wide open . The Hong Kong Tourism Board says last year 's Rugby Sevens drew in more than 21,000 spectators from overseas . The average Sevens spectator from abroad spent $ 1,650 over the course of six days . In total , Hong Kong raked in more than $ 289 million in direct economic benefit . Companies are counting that as thousands descend on the city , more spectators may notice that DHL ad on the Jumbotron in Hong Kong 's Central bar district , notice the Cathay Pacific billboard streak by on a Citybus , or notice that red-and-white HSBC banner flutter in the Sevens stadium breeze .	Despite cuttings tens of thousands of jobs , HSBC returns to sponsor the Rugby Sevens Profile of rugby growing with the sports inclusion in the 2016 Summer Olympic Gamers HSBC says it expects a 3-to-1 rate of return for its sponsorship investment Analyst : Returns for companies on sports sponsorship are "  notoriously iffy "
They 're bigger , brawnier , and faster than the typical male , but are National Football League players healthier than other men their age ? Justin Bannan , who plays for the Baltimore Ravens , participated in the study on NFL players . Yes and no , according to a new NFL-funded study that looks at the cardiovascular health of young athletes . The good news is that NFL players have cholesterol levels similar to other men in their 20s and 30s , and their blood sugar tends to be even healthier . However , they are much more likely to have high blood pressure or borderline hypertension when compared with men who are n't professional athletes . "  It 's a step in the right direction to have this study , " says Justin Bannan , 30 , who plays defensive tackle for the Baltimore Ravens and took part in the research . "  I think the more information we can find out and the more studies we can do , the better . " The study , published this week in the Journal of the American Medical Association , is important , particularly as more and more players are weighing in at 300-plus pounds . The extra weight could potentially strain an athlete 's heart in youth or even after retirement , and many question whether it has played a role in a handful of high-profile deaths . Health.com : Eat right advice : Fiber , starch , fats , serving sizes In particular , the death of Thomas Herrion at age 23 has raised concerns about the heart health of larger players . Herrion , who was 6 ' 3 " and 330 pounds , had just finished an exhibition game with the San Francisco 49ers when he collapsed and died in 2005 . "  He 's sort of the prototype of the bigger , stronger linemen that populates the NFL now , as compared with 20 or 30 years ago , " says lead study author Dr. Andrew M. Tucker , the team physician for the Baltimore Ravens . "  We have so many big , strong guys over 300 pounds . I think that case in particular was important in stimulating the whole study and the investigation . " Other heavy players -- such as defensive end Reggie White -- have also died at an early age . White was 43 when he died from cardiac arrhythmia in 2004 . In the study , Tucker , who is the cochair of the NFL subcommittee on cardiovascular health , and his colleagues looked at 504 active players from 12 teams in 2007 . The researchers measured the players ' height , weight , percentage of body fat , and other factors , and then compared them to 1,959 men ages 23 to 35 who participated in a study called CARDIA  Coronary Artery Risk Development in Young Adults  . Health.com : 20 little ways to lose drop the pounds and keep them off They found that players were less likely to smoke or have blood-sugar problems than other men  only 6.7 percent of players had impaired fasting glucose compared to 15.5 percent of other men  and their cholesterol levels were essentially the same . However , 13.8 percent of players had high blood pressure and 64.5 percent had prehypertension , or borderline high blood pressure , compared to 5.5 percent and 24.2 percent of other men , respectively . Tucker notes that the football players outweighed the men in the CARDIA study by an average of 70 pounds and that it 's natural to assume that larger people may have higher blood pressure . "  But what was fascinating to us was the category of prehypertension , " says Tucker , who is also the medical director of sports medicine at Union Memorial Hospital in Baltimore , Maryland . Health.com : How to eat out without getting fat The study found that NFL athletes are more likely to have prehypertension than other men -- regardless of the size of the player or his position . "  So our lean players who play defensive back and wide receiver , they have prevalence of prehypertension just as common as the really big guys playing offensive and defensive line , " says Tucker . "  So there 's something that we 're trying to investigate now that accounts for elevated blood pressures in our active players that is not accounted for by size alone -- there 's got to be something else . " Health.com : Cut up to 900 calories with simple substitutions That "  something else " could be strength or resistance training , the use of nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs , sleep apnea  which is characterized by heavy snoring and a hike in blood pressure  , or diet , including excessive sodium intake . Dr. Tucker does n't think anabolic steroids are to blame . Even though he and his colleagues did n't ask players if they used steroids , he says that the NFL 's year-round testing program should have ruled out any use . " -LSB- However -RSB- I 'm concerned about the widespread use of performance-enhancing agents , which contain stimulants that can not only increase blood pressure but of course have stimulating effects on the heart , " says Dr. Tucker . He adds that , in the last several years , such stimulants have been linked to sporadic deaths in college and even professional athletes . Although today 's players are much more likely to weigh in excess of 300 pounds than those in the past , it does n't necessarily mean they are fat , Dr. Tucker explains . Athletes are larger nowadays due to rule changes in the 1970s and 1980s that were aimed at protecting their lower bodies ; those guidelines also gave larger players a competitive advantage . If one goes by body mass index alone -- a measure of height and weight that does n't take into account muscle mass -- more than half of players are obese , according to a 2005 study . However , Tucker and his team found that the average percentage of body fat was 14 percent , ranging from 8 percent to 10 percent in the leaner positions -- such as wide receivers and linebackers -- to 20 percent in defensive linemen and 25 percent in offensive linemen . "  Even our offensive linemen are really on the upper limits of what 's considered healthy , " says Tucker . "  There are plenty of my regular patients who would take that . " Health.com : Olympic swimmer discusses life with exercise-induced asthma Overall , Tucker says he is most worried about older , retired athletes . "  I 'm concerned about whether there is a constellation of things going on that puts them at risk when they 're 45 or 55 , " he says . More attention is being paid to detraining athletes so that they can adopt healthier lifestyles and better nutrition after they retire , says William Kraemer , Ph.D. , a professor in the department of kinesiology at the University of Connecticut . "  It really is tough because you 're trying to stay big in your playing days , " says Kraemer . "  The big fear is , -LSB- after retirement -RSB- you stop exercising and you keep eating the way you used to when you were expending a lot of calories . A lot of times when kids get out of college or they get out of the pros , there is no system in place that helps them make the transition . " The Ravens ' Bannan says the older generation is teaching younger players the importance of changing their lifestyle after retirement . "  If you 're a heavier player , a lineman that 's over 300 pounds , really what it comes down to is a lifestyle change and eating healthier , losing weight when you are done , and staying active and staying healthy , " says Bannan , who is 6 ' 3 " and 310 pounds . "  Make a few changes in your life ; I think that 's going to make things a lot better for you down the road . " Enter to win a monthly Room Makeover Giveaway from MyHomeIdeas.com Copyright Health Magazine 2009	Death of Thomas Herrion has raised worries over the heart health of big players Researchers looked at 504 active NFL players from 12 teams in 2007 Players were less likely to smoke or have blood-sugar problems than other men NFL athletes are more likely to have prehypertension than other men
CNN  -- The Rev. Jesse Jackson says U.S policies are partially responsible for Haiti 's economic problems . In a CNN "  Newsroom " interview with Ali Velshi , Jackson declared : "  Our agricultural policy ... allowed the Riceland Rice company to drop rice on Haiti , drive Haiti farmers out of business , and then raise the price of rice and have rice riots . " Jackson 's comments echo a 2005 report by the international relief agency Oxfam International , which said U.S. policies hurt Haitian farmers and helped Arkansas-based Riceland Foods , the world 's largest miller and marketer of rice . "  Riceland 's profits jumped by $ 123 million from 2002 to 2003 , thanks in large part to a 50 percent increase in exports , primarily to Haiti and Cuba , " the report said . CNN was unable to obtain any immediate response from Riceland Foods , which said publicly its sales to Haiti have declined over the years , but a CNN Fact Check suggests that U.S. policies have indeed played a role in Haiti 's problems . In a 2006 report , the Cato Institute , a nonprofit Washington-based research foundation , called rice "  one of the most heavily supported commodities in the United States , " and argued that several countries including Haiti "  could all plausibly claim that the U.S. rice program has driven down global prices to the detriment of their citizens . " "  Until the 1980s , " the Washington Post recently reported , "  Haiti grew almost all the rice that it ate . But in 1986 , under pressure from foreign governments , including the United States , Haiti removed its tariff on imported rice . " The subsidized U.S. rice was cheaper than Haitian rice , and soon , it became a staple of the Haitian diet . Many Haitian rice farmers were driven out of business , fleeing to the slums of Port-au-Prince . Later , the price of rice began to rise . It doubled in a little over a year , sparking food riots in Haiti in 2008 . At least six people died before President Rene Preval announced plans to subsidize rice .	In 2006 report , Cato Institute said rice is heavily supported commodity in U.S. Report : Countries including Haiti "  could all plausibly claim " U.S. rice program harmful to citizens Many Haitian rice farmers were driven out of business
CNN  -- Small fish , turtles and other amphibians are being sold in Beijing as mobile phone trinkets and key rings , to the chagrin of animal rights groups . Kept in bags filled with colored , oxygenated water the animals cost around $ 1.50 each . One vendor selling the animals outside of a Beijing subway station told CNN that the bag contained crystallized oxygen and nutrients . She said that that the animals could live for days but also warned that they should be freed from the bag as soon as the air ran out or they would suffocate . Among the animals being sold are young Chinese soft-shell turtles - the adult turtles are a popular dish in Chinese cooking . The live trinkets have been condemned by animal rights groups who have highlighted the lack of animal protection laws in China . "  Lack of food and diminishing oxygen concentrations within both the water and the small amount of air in these plastic pouches will cause the animals to die in a relatively short period of time after the pouches are sealed , " said David Neale , animal welfare director of Animals Asia . "  If a national animal protection law was enacted in China , such acts of cruelty could be prevented , and those who persist in causing harm and suffering to animals within their care could be prosecuted . " Neale also warned that keeping a turtle in a bag and then as a pet could have health implications for people . "  Individuals should also be aware of the potential human health risks associated with being in close contact with animals such as turtles . Turtles frequently carry salmonella bacteria that can cause serious illness , " he said .	Turtles sold as live key rings by Beijing street vendors Other amphibians and fish sold for around $ 1.50 each Animal rights groups have called for more animal protection laws in China
CNN  -- A class-action lawsuit has been filed on behalf of three immigrant women who were allegedly sexually assaulted while in the custody of Immigration and Customs Enforcement in Texas , the American Civil Liberties Union said this week . The ACLU , citing documents it said it had obtained through the Freedom of Information Act , said in a news release that there have been nearly 200 allegations of sexual abuse of immigration detainees jailed at detention facilities across the United States since 2007 . The ACLU release did not give dates of any of the alleged assaults , including those involving the three women who are plaintiffs in the class-action suit . The plaintiffs were identified only as Sarah Doe , Kimberly Doe and Raquel Doe "  to protect them from further harm , " the ACLU said . The alleged attacks occurred while the plaintiffs were being transported from the T. Don Hutto Family Residential Center in Taylor , Texas , to the airport or bus station in nearby Austin , the ACLU said . Its release did not say where the class-action suit was filed Wednesday , but it said defendants include three ICE officials ; Williamson County , Texas , where the Hutto facility is ; the Corrections Corporation of America  CCA  , a private prison company that manages the Hutto facility ; the former facility administrator for Hutto ; and a guard at the facility . The lawsuit alleges that ICE along with Williamson County and the Corrections Corporation of America were "  deliberately indifferent and willfully blind to the fact that  the guard named as a defendant  and other employees regularly violated the rule that detainees are not be transported without another escort officer of the same gender present , " the ACLU said . ICE did not comment specifically on the ACLU 's announcement of the lawsuit , but an agency spokeswoman said ICE "  maintains a strict zero tolerance policy for any kind of abusive or inappropriate behavior and requires all contractors working with the agency to adhere to this policy . " ICE Public Affairs Officer Gillian Christensen added that the agency requires regular criminal backgrounds checks for its workforce . "  The  Department of Homeland Security  Office of the Inspector General and ICE 's Office of Professional Responsibility investigate ALL allegations of sexual abuse or misconduct and the agency takes appropriate action -- whether it is pursuing criminal charges or administrative action -- when those allegations are substantiated , " Christensen said in the ICE statement . The Corrections Corporation of America did not immediately respond to requests for comment on the ACLU announcement . The ACLU said it was basing its claim that there have been 185 allegations of sexual abuse in federal detention centers against female immigration detainees on various federal documents . The documents -- obtained from the Department of Homeland Security 's Office of Inspector General , Office of Civil Rights and Civil Liberties and ICE , according to the ACLU -- showed that Texas had more alleged abuse cases , 56 , than any other state , the organization 's news release said . "  While the information gleaned from the documents likely does not represent the full scope of the problem given that sexual abuse is notoriously underreported , the documents nonetheless make clear that the sexual abuse of immigration detainees is not an isolated problem limited to a few rogue facilities or to a handful of bad-apple government contractors who staff some of the nation 's immigration jails , " the ACLU said . "  Unfortunately , we believe these complaints are just the tip of the iceberg , " said Mark Whitburn , senior staff attorney for the ACLU of Texas .	The ACLU says three immigrant women were sexually assaulted in ICE custody A class-action lawsuit has been filed on their behalf , the ACLU says "  We believe these complaints are just the tip of the iceberg , " an ACLU lawyer says ICE says all abuse allegations are investigated and the agency has a "  zero tolerance " policy
CNN  -- President Obama said in an interview aired Sunday that the hardest decision he 's made since taking office was to send more troops to Afghanistan . In a "  60 Minutes " interview , President Obama said , "  I fundamentally disagree with Dick Cheney . " Also in the interview on CBS ' "  60 Minutes , " Obama defended his decision to shut down the U.S. prison at Guantanamo Bay , Cuba , and he countered criticism from former vice president Dick Cheney . "  I fundamentally disagree with Dick Cheney -- not surprisingly , " Obama said . "  I think that Vice President Cheney has been at the head of a movement whose notion is somehow that we ca n't reconcile our core values , our Constitution , our belief that we do n't torture , with our national security interests . I think he 's drawing the wrong lesson from history . " Obama was responding to comments Cheney made to CNN 's "  State of the Union " on March 15 , when he said the president is making the nation less safe by closing the Guantanamo prison and ending interrogation practices that Bush administration critics consider torture for terror suspects . Just a month into office , Obama ordered 17,000 troops to Afghanistan , the original front in the "  war on terrorism " sparked by the September 2001 attacks on New York and Washington . "  I think it 's the right thing to do . But it 's a weighty decision because we actually had to make the decision prior to the completion of the strategic review that we were conducting , " Obama said . Coming off a tumultuous week over the millions in bonuses paid out to employees of AIG , Obama said Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner 's job is secure despite critics calling for his resignation . Obama joked that even if Geithner were to tender his resignation , the president would tell him , "  Sorry buddy , you 've still got the job . " Geithner has come under fire over the $ 165 million in bonuses AIG paid its top executives after the insurance giant received more than $ 170 billion in federal bailout money . A loophole in the recently approved economic stimulus bill , included at the behest of the Treasury , allowed AIG to pay the bonuses . "  It 's going to take a little bit more time than we would like to make sure that we get this plan just right , " Obama said . The president also stressed that his administration wo n't endorse a House bill that would levy a 90 percent tax on bonuses paid out by companies that receive bailout money . "  As a general proposition , you do n't want to be passing laws that are just targeting a handful of individuals , " Obama said . "  You want to pass laws that have some broad applicability ... you certainly do n't want to use the tax code to punish people . "	Dick Cheney has drawn ` the wrong lesson from history , ' president said Obama said his hardest decision so far is sending more troops to Afghanistan He would n't accept resignation from Treasury Secretary Geithner , Obama said Obama said he would n't endorse a 90 percent tax on bonuses , targeting just a few
The first police officer at the scene of Tupac Shakur 's 1996 drive-by murder has revealed the last words spoken by the late rap legend . And they 're not exactly peaceful . "  He looked at me , and he took a breath to get the words out , and he opened his mouth , " says Chris Carroll , a retired sergeant with the Las Vegas Metropolitan Police Department , in a new feature with Vegas Seven . "  And then the words came out : ` F**k you . ' " Rolling Stone : 50 Greatest Hip-Hop Songs of All Time Shakur was shot multiple times on September 7th , 1996 . After leaving a boxing match with former Death Row Records CEO Suge Knight , the rapper and his bodyguards got into a scuffle with 21-year-old Crips gang member Orlando Anderson in the lobby of the MGM Grand casino . Carroll , who worked with the city 's bike patrol unit , had also been watching the same Mike Tyson fight , but was unaware of the brawl taking place in the lobby . Later , a white Cadillac pulled up beside Knight and Shakur while they were stopped at a traffic light and one man began shooting out of the back window . Carroll was the first officer to respond to the grisly scene . "  I grab the car door and I 'm trying to open it , but I ca n't get it open , " he says . " -LSB- Knight -RSB- keeps coming up on my back , so I 'm pointing my gun at him . I 'm pointing it at the car . I 'm yelling , ` You guys lay down ! And you , get the f**k away from me ! ' And every time I 'd point the gun at him , he 'd back off and even lift his hands up , like ` All right ! All right ! ' So I 'd go back to the car , and here he comes again . I 'm like , ` F**ker , back off ! ' This guy is huge , and the whole time he 's running around at the scene , he 's gushing blood from his head . Gushing blood ! I mean the guy had clearly been hit in the head , but he had all his faculties . I could n't believe he was running around and doing what he was doing , yelling back and forth . " Rolling Stone : Saul Williams to star in Tupac-inspired musical Carroll says when he finally was able to open the door , Shakur 's limp body fell out of the vehicle , "  like he was leaning against the door . " "  So I grabbed him with my left arm , and he falls into me , and I 've still got my gun in the other hand , " he continues . "  He 's covered with blood , and I immediately notice that the guy 's got a ton of gold on -- a necklace and other jewelry -- and all of the gold is covered in blood . That has always left an image in my mind ... After I pulled him out , Suge starts yelling at him , ` Pac ! Pac ! ' And he just keeps yelling it . And the guy I 'm holding is trying to yell back at him . He 's sitting up and he 's struggling to get the words out , but he ca n't really do it . And as Suge is yelling ` Pac ! , ' I look down and I realize that this is Tupac Shakur . " Carroll says he attempted to get a "  dying declaration " of a potential suspect from Shakur , but the rapper was ignoring him at first . "  And then I saw in his face , in his movements , all of a sudden in the snap of a finger , he changed , " he says . "  And he went from struggling to speak , being noncooperative , to an ` I 'm at peace ' type of thing . Just like that ... He went from fighting to ' I ca n't do it . ' And when he made that transition , he looked at me , and he 's looking right in my eyes . And that 's when I looked at him and said one more time , ` Who shot you ? ' ... He looked at me and he took a breath to get the words out , and he opened his mouth , and I thought I was actually going to get some cooperation . And then the words came out : ` F**k you . ' After that , he started gurgling and slipping out of consciousness . " Rolling Stone : Kendrick Lamar covers Tupac at iHeartRadio Awards So why is Carroll coming forward with with information in 2014 ? Two reasons : Retiring from the Metro has allowed him the freedom to speak about the homicide case without being reprimanded  "  It 's been almost 18 years , " he says . There 's clearly never going to be a court case on this . "  , and he also did n't want "  Tupac to be a martyr or a hero because he told the cops ` F**k you . ' " Carroll says Shakur never spoke another word -- remaining silent even when another officer tried to draw out a declaration in the ambulance . "  As soon as he got to the hospital , he went into surgery and was heavily sedated , and I guess he went into a coma and really never came out of that , until they took him off of life support , " he continues . "  So that moment I talked to him was his last real living moment where he was speaking . I talked to the cop who rode in the ambulance with him . He said Tupac never came out of it , and he never said anything at the hospital . There was nothing else . " See the original story at RollingStone.com .	The rapper was gunned down in 1996 Officer was on the scene of the shooting in Las Vegas He asked Shakur "  Who shot you ? "
CNN  -- What gives M&M s their bright colors ? That depends on which country you 're in . Mars Inc. primarily uses artificial food coloring for the candy in the United States , but M&M s derive their candy coloring from natural sources in Europe . Now a Change.org petition begun by Renee Shutters and the Center for Science in the Public Interest is calling on Mars to stop using artificial dyes in its American M&M s as well . As of Tuesday morning , the petition had more than 142,000 supporters . Shutters says her son Trenton showed noticeable improvements in mood and attention span after she removed artificial coloring from his diet a few years ago . M&M s were his favorite candy . "  I just could not believe that something so small could make that big of a difference , " Shutters says . European lawmakers moved to require warning labels on foods containing certain artificial colorings after a 2007 study found a slight increase in hyperactivity among children consuming a mixture of the dyes and a preservative . The required label reads : "  May have an adverse effect on activity and attention in children . " The move came despite the European Food Safety Authority 's conclusion that the UK study "  provides limited evidence " and "  can not be used as a basis for altering the  accepted daily intake  of the respective food  colors  . " Instead of adding the warning , most manufacturers voluntarily switched to dyes derived from natural sources , such as beets or annatto for red , carrots for orange and saffron for yellow . In the United States , the Food and Drug Administration has declined to implement tougher regulations but acknowledged that "  certain susceptible children with Attention Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder and other problem behaviors " may have their condition "  exacerbated by exposure to a number of substances in food , including , but not limited to , synthetic color additives . " The effects on behavior "  appear to be due to a unique intolerance to these substances and not to any inherent neurotoxic properties , " the FDA said in 2011 . Michael Jacobson , executive director of the Center for Science in the Public Interest , says the FDA and big business need to take action . "  The Food and Drug Administration should protect the public 's health by banning food dyes , " Jacobson says . "  Companies of course could remove dyes voluntarily , switching to safer natural colorings , and a few big companies are beginning to do it . " In November , Kraft announced it would be removing artificial dyes from some varieties of its Macaroni & Cheese . "  We have absolute confidence in the safety of all the ingredients we use , " Mars said in a statement . "  We  are constantly evaluating and updating ingredients based on consumer preference , new technology , scientific information and availability of raw materials . "	Mars Inc. primarily derives candy coloring from natural sources in Europe Mom and Center for Science in the Public Interest urging firm to stop using artificial dyes in U.S. Kraft says it will be removing artificial dyes from some Macaroni & Cheese varieties
It 's official : U.S. President Barack Obama wants lawmakers to weigh in on whether to use military force in Syria . Obama sent a letter to the heads of the House and Senate on Saturday night , hours after announcing that he believes military action against Syrian targets is the right step to take over the alleged use of chemical weapons . The proposed legislation from Obama asks Congress to approve the use of military force "  to deter , disrupt , prevent and degrade the potential for future uses of chemical weapons or other weapons of mass destruction . " It 's a step that is set to turn an international crisis into a fierce domestic political battle . There are key questions looming over the debate : What did U.N. weapons inspectors find in Syria ? What happens if Congress votes no ? And how will the Syrian government react ? In a televised address from the White House Rose Garden earlier Saturday , the president said he would take his case to Congress , not because he has to -- but because he wants to . "  While I believe I have the authority to carry out this military action without specific congressional authorization , I know that the country will be stronger if we take this course , and our actions will be even more effective , " he said . "  We should have this debate , because the issues are too big for business as usual . " Obama said top congressional leaders had agreed to schedule a debate when the body returns to Washington on September 9 . The Senate Foreign Relations Committee will hold a hearing over the matter on Tuesday , Sen. Robert Menendez said . Transcript : Read Obama 's full remarks Syrian crisis : Latest developments U.N. inspectors leave Syria Obama 's remarks came shortly after U.N. inspectors left Syria , carrying evidence that will determine whether chemical weapons were used in an attack early last week in a Damascus suburb . "  The aim of the game here , the mandate , is very clear -- and that is to ascertain whether chemical weapons were used -- and not by whom , " U.N. spokesman Martin Nesirky told reporters on Saturday . But who used the weapons in the reported toxic gas attack in a Damascus suburb on August 21 has been a key point of global debate over the Syrian crisis . Top U.S. officials have said there 's no doubt that the Syrian government was behind it , while Syrian officials have denied responsibility and blamed jihadists fighting with the rebels . British and U.S. intelligence reports say the attack involved chemical weapons , but U.N. officials have stressed the importance of waiting for an official report from inspectors . The inspectors will share their findings with U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon Ban , who has said he wants to wait until the U.N. team 's final report is completed before presenting it to the U.N. Security Council . The Organization for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons , which nine of the inspectors belong to , said Saturday that it could take up to three weeks to analyze the evidence they collected . "  It needs time to be able to analyze the information and the samples , " Nesirky said . He noted that Ban has repeatedly said there is no alternative to a political solution to the crisis in Syria , and that "  a military solution is not an option . " Bergen : Syria is a problem from hell for the U.S. Obama : ` This menace must be confronted ' Obama 's senior advisers have debated the next steps to take , and the president 's comments Saturday came amid mounting political pressure over the situation in Syria . Some U.S. lawmakers have called for immediate action while others warn of stepping into what could become a quagmire . Some global leaders have expressed support , but the British Parliament 's vote against military action earlier this week was a blow to Obama 's hopes of getting strong backing from key NATO allies . On Saturday , Obama proposed what he said would be a limited military action against Syrian President Bashar al-Assad . Any military attack would not be open-ended or include U.S. ground forces , he said . Syria 's alleged use of chemical weapons earlier this month "  is an assault on human dignity , " the president said . A failure to respond with force , Obama argued , "  could lead to escalating use of chemical weapons or their proliferation to terrorist groups who would do our people harm . In a world with many dangers , this menace must be confronted . " Syria missile strike : What would happen next ? Map : U.S. and allied assets around Syria Obama decision came Friday night On Friday night , the president made a last-minute decision to consult lawmakers . What will happen if they vote no ? It 's unclear . A senior administration official told CNN that Obama has the authority to act without Congress -- even if Congress rejects his request for authorization to use force . Obama on Saturday continued to shore up support for a strike on the al-Assad government . He spoke by phone with French President Francois Hollande before his Rose Garden speech . "  The two leaders agreed that the international community must deliver a resolute message to the Assad regime -- and others who would consider using chemical weapons -- that these crimes are unacceptable and those who violate this international norm will be held accountable by the world , " the White House said . Meanwhile , as uncertainty loomed over how Congress would weigh in , U.S. military officials said they remained at the ready . 5 key assertions : U.S. intelligence report on Syria Syria : Who wants what after chemical weapons horror Reactions mixed to Obama 's speech A spokesman for the Syrian National Coalition said that the opposition group was disappointed by Obama 's announcement . "  Our fear now is that the lack of action could embolden the regime and they repeat his attacks in a more serious way , " said spokesman Louay Safi . "  So we are quite concerned . " Some members of Congress applauded Obama 's decision . House Speaker John Boehner , Majority Leader Eric Cantor , Majority Whip Kevin McCarthy and Conference Chair Cathy McMorris Rodgers issued a statement Saturday praising the president . "  Under the Constitution , the responsibility to declare war lies with Congress , " the Republican lawmakers said . "  We are glad the president is seeking authorization for any military action in Syria in response to serious , substantive questions being raised . " More than 160 legislators , including 63 of Obama 's fellow Democrats , had signed letters calling for either a vote or at least a "  full debate " before any U.S. action . British Prime Minister David Cameron , whose own attempt to get lawmakers in his country to support military action in Syria failed earlier this week , responded to Obama 's speech in a Twitter post Saturday . "  I understand and support Barack Obama 's position on Syria , " Cameron said . An influential lawmaker in Russia -- which has stood by Syria and criticized the United States -- had his own theory . "  The main reason Obama is turning to the Congress : the military operation did not get enough support either in the world , among allies of the US or in the United States itself , " Alexei Pushkov , chairman of the international-affairs committee of the Russian State Duma , said in a Twitter post . In the United States , scattered groups of anti-war protesters around the country took to the streets Saturday . "  Like many other Americans ... we 're just tired of the United States getting involved and invading and bombing other countries , " said Robin Rosecrans , who was among hundreds at a Los Angeles demonstration . What do Syria 's neighbors think ? Why Russia , China , Iran stand by Assad Syria 's government unfazed After Obama 's speech , a military and political analyst on Syrian state TV said Obama is "  embarrassed " that Russia opposes military action against Syria , is "  crying for help " for someone to come to his rescue and is facing two defeats -- on the political and military levels . Syria 's prime minister appeared unfazed by the saber-rattling . "  The Syrian Army 's status is on maximum readiness and fingers are on the trigger to confront all challenges , " Wael Nader al-Halqi said during a meeting with a delegation of Syrian expatriates from Italy , according to a banner on Syria State TV that was broadcast prior to Obama 's address . An anchor on Syrian state television said Obama "  appeared to be preparing for an aggression on Syria based on repeated lies . " A top Syrian diplomat told the state television network that Obama was facing pressure to take military action from Israel , Turkey , some Arabs and right-wing extremists in the United States . "  I think he has done well by doing what Cameron did in terms of taking the issue to Parliament , " said Bashar Jaafari , Syria 's ambassador to the United Nations . Both Obama and Cameron , he said , "  climbed to the top of the tree and do n't know how to get down . " The Syrian government has denied that it used chemical weapons in the August 21 attack , saying that jihadists fighting with the rebels used them in an effort to turn global sentiments against it . British intelligence had put the number of people killed in the attack at more than 350 . On Saturday , Obama said "  all told , well over 1,000 people were murdered . " U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry on Friday cited a death toll of 1,429 , more than 400 of them children . No explanation was offered for the discrepancy . Iran : U.S. military action in Syria would spark ` disaster ' Opinion : Why strikes in Syria are a bad idea	Syrian official : Obama climbed to the top of the tree , "  does n't know how to get down " Obama sends a letter to the heads of the House and Senate Obama to seek congressional approval on military action against Syria Aim is to determine whether CW were used , not by whom , says U.N. spokesman
CNN  -- This list is n't just about soundtracks or great music in the movies -- it is about quintessential movie moments where a song flawlessly complements or enhances the action . Reservoir Dogs : Mr. Blonde tortures a prisoner accompanied by 70s bubblegum pop A riff or harmony that works so perfectly that the hair on the back of your neck stands on end . Or a classic song at just the right moment to mainline feel good factor . We 've compiled a list of 10 of what we think are the best . If you do n't agree or think we 've missed one , share your views by using the Sound Off box below and we 'll publish the best . 1 . The film : Easy Rider , Dennis Hopper  1969  The song : Born to be Wild , Steppenwolf The scene : The opening sequence From the moment Peter Fonda and Dennis Hopper kicked their motorbikes to life and gunned down the dusty highway accompanied by "  Born to be Wild " almost 40 years ago , audiences were electrified . The lure of escaping onto endless , empty roads still resonates today , even if Steppenwolf has become the food of a million drivetime clichs . 2 . The film : Reservoir Dogs , Quentin Tarantino  1992  The song : Stuck in the middle with you , Stealers Wheel The scene : Mr. Blonde cuts a man 's ear off "  You ever listen to K Billy 's Super sounds of the 70 's ? " asks Michael Madsen 's super-cool psychopath Mr. Blonde as he opens up a cut throat razor . Innocuous -- but then we see a bloody man with a duct-taped mouth . Mr. Blonde tunes the radio , does an eccentric little dance to "  Stuck in the Middle With You " and then brutally cuts the man 's ear off . It 's the juxtaposition of sadistic violence with bubblegum pop that epitomizes Tarantino 's brilliance and has been much aped since . 3 . The film : Goodfellas , Martin Scorsese  1990  The song : Layla , Eric Clapton The scene : Jimmy 's murder spree montage Scorsese 's use of the piano exit from "  Layla " over a montage showing the ugly demise of a series of gangsters after a heist is simply brilliant . The pink car , the garbage truck , the meat locker : scene after scene of horribly disfigured corpses that Scorsese has somehow imbued with the wistful poetry of the end of an era . 4 . Apocalypse Now , Francis Ford Coppola  1979  The song : The End , The Doors The scene : Captain Willard waiting for an assignment in Saigon The Doors ' dark epic twists and turns of over the opening scenes of Captain Willard waiting for his next assignment in a humid hotel room in Saigon . It perfectly evokes the stifling claustrophobia he feels stuck alone with nothing but his demons and a bottle for company . 5 . The film : Muriel 's Wedding , P. J. Hogan  1995  The song : Waterloo by ABBA The scene : Muriel and Rhonda triumph at a talent contest ABBA-obsessed ugly duckling , Muriel performs "  Waterloo " at the local talent contest and sticks the proverbial two fingers up to the small-town bitches who have been bullying her . Even the white satin jumpsuit straining over her ample figure ca n't take away from her triumph -- and when the synchronized dancing starts there are n't many film moments that can beat it for feel-good factor . 6 . The film : Almost Famous , Cameron Crowe  2000  The song : Tiny Dancer , Elton John The scene : On the tourbus the band sing along to Tiny Dancer 1960 's rockers , Stillwater , are stuck on the tour bus . No-one is talking and the tension is palpable . "  Tiny Dancer " comes on the radio and slowly one by one they start singing along . Everyone grins and tensions drain away . Touching without being cheesy , this scene is full of nostalgia for good times had with friends and will stay with you long after watching the film . 7 . Say Anything , Cameron Crowe  1989  The song : In Your Eyes , Peter Gabriel The scene : Lloyd tries to woo Diane You have to admire Lloyd 's  played by a young John Cusack  style as he stands outside love interest Diane 's window holding his boombox aloft blaring "  In Your Eyes " like a modern day Romeo . Maybe Peter Gabriel 's song has n't quite stood the test of time but if you do n't get hung up on the fact that it sounds a bit cringeworthy now , this is a scene of perfect romance -- 80 's - style . 8 . The Royal Tenenbaums , Wes Anderson  2001  The song : Needle in the Hay , Elliot Smith The scene : Richie Tenenbaum attempts suicide Beautifully shot with no ambient noise , just the melancholy "  Needle in the Hay , " we see Richie -- the tennis prodigy who never realized his potential -- methodically cutting off all his hair before , shockingly , slicing his wrists . It 's both intimate and appalling . In a dark coincidence , Smith died in 2003 as a result of two stab wounds to the chest , thought to be suicide . 9 . Dr Strangelove or : How I Learned to Stop Worrying and Love the Bomb , Stanley Kubrick  1964  The song : We 'll meet again , Vera Lynn The scene : Nuclear apocalypse "  We 'll meet again , Do n't know where , Do n't know when , " warbles a hopeful Vera Lynn as mushroom cloud after mushroom cloud explodes into the sky . It 's as preposterous as making a comedy about nuclear armageddon . But with Kubrick at the helm and Peter Sellers playing three of the main characters , this unlikely film -- like its ending -- works very well indeed . The film : Trainspotting , Danny Boyle  1996  The song : Lust for Life , Iggy Pop The scene : Choose Life voiceover The opening drumbeat of "  Lust for Life " kicks in and Renton deadpans "  Chose life . Choose a career . " -- the beginning of one of the most cynically brilliant monologues in film or literature . It is strangely exhilarating and the fact that Iggy Pop is a punk legend and heroin survivor just adds to the pop culture cool . E-mail to a friend	Call of the open road : the opening scenes of "  Easy Rider " with "  Born to be Wild " Iggy Pop lends his pop culture cool to the start of "  Trainspotting " Scorsese adds gravitas to a murder spree with "  Layla " in "  Goodfellas " Mr. Blond lops off an ear to some bubblegum pop in "  Reservoir Dogs "
Washington  CNN  -- As it nears the 10th anniversary of the terrible events that led to its creation , the Department of Homeland Security is getting a report card of sorts . And the grade , to few people 's surprise : Incomplete . In a massive 221-page report , the Government Accountability Office -- the investigative arm of Congress -- says DHS has "  made significant strides in protecting the nation , but has yet to reach its full potential . " CNN obtained a draft of the report , which is to be the subject of a Senate hearing on Wednesday . The GAO report is largely a compilation of previous GAO reports , and gives no new recommendations . But for Homeland Security buffs , it is a virtual catalogue of the work that has been accomplished since the department was formed in 2003 , and the work that remains to be done . The GAO said the department has addressed about half of the 1,500 recommendations it has made over the years , and is working on other recommendations , but has left some untouched . Formed from 22 different agencies , the Department of Homeland Security is now the third-largest department in the federal government . It has more than 200,000 employees and an annual budget that has grown from about $ 39 billion in fiscal year 2004 to about $ 55 billion this year . Readers of the report will find a wealth of information about the department 's accomplishments , and of woeful lapses , all organized in 10 areas of responsibility , such as "  aviation security , " "  border security , " and "  emergency preparedness . " In a written response to the report , the DHS accentuated the positive . "  America is a stronger , safer and more resilient country because of the work DHS and its many partners do every day , " wrote DHS 's Jim Crumpacker . Crumpacker wrote the GAO report neglects to mention some DHS accomplishments , such as improvements to terror watch lists and implementation of the Western Hemisphere Travel Initiative , which requires documents from border crossers . The following is a summary of key areas in the report : Aviation Security The report says DHS has enhanced aviation security by improving the pre-screening of passengers , checkpoint screening , baggage checking and airport security . The Transportation Security Administration currently has about 54,800 people , and a $ 7.7 billion annual budget . But the GAO said it is unclear whether full-body imagers would have detected the so-called "  underwear bomb , " which failed to ignite on Christmas Day of 2009 when passengers intervened . DHS also has not validated the science behind behavior detection officers . And it does not yet have a way to ensure that air cargo screening is being conducted at reported levels . Border Security The report says DHS has deployed more than 600 miles of infrastructure , such as fencing , along the border , and implemented a program to verify the identities of foreign visitors to the U.S. . But DHS has not implemented a program to track when visitors exit the country , nor has it fully followed up on plans to improve Visa security . Maritime Security The report says DHS improved port security by tightening access to ports , conducting advanced screening of foreign seafarers entering U.S. ports and developing a security credential for truckers and other entering ports . It also developed a strategy for cargo container security . But the GAO noted that during covert tests , investigators were able to enter ports using counterfeit credentials or authentic credentials obtained fraudulently . And the U.S. has trouble tracking smaller , noncommercial vessels , it says . Further , DHS has not yet developed a plan to fully implement a requirement that 100 percent of U.S.-bound container cargo be scanned by 2012 . Immigration Enforcement The report says DHS increased resources to investigate people who overstay their visas , and alien smuggling operations , and improved E-Verify , a computer tool that allows employers to verify a person 's authorization to work in the United States . It also expanded efforts to remove criminal aliens in jails and prisons from the United States . But key weaknesses remain in DHS 's efforts , the report says . While DHS field offices had closed about 34,700 overstay investigations during the past six years , the cases resulted in about 8,100 arrests , a small portion of the estimated overstay population of 4 million to 5.5 million .	Government Accountability Office report : DHS "  has yet to reach its full potential " Report is to be the subject of a Senate hearing on Wednesday GAO says department has addressed about half of its recommendations DHS says report fails to mention some accomplishments
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The House of Representatives on Tuesday passed a bill that would make suing for pay discrimination easier by altering a time limit on such suits . The act is named for Lilly Ledbetter , seen here in 2008 . Her discrimination lawsuit victory was overturned in 2007 . The Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act , which passed 250-177 , would give workers alleging unequal pay the right to sue within 180 days of their most recent paycheck . Current law says such employees must sue within 180 days of receiving their first unfair paycheck . Supporters of the new legislation say that , under the current law , an employer merely needs to hide unfair pay practices for three months before being able to continue them without penalty . The act , named for a former Goodyear Tire employee who sued the company for gender discrimination in 1998 , would effectively overturn a 2007 Supreme Court decision on the limit . Ledbetter was awarded $ 360,000 in back pay by a federal judge in Alabama , but the verdict was overturned in a 5-4 Supreme Court ruling in May 2007 . The court said that even though she filed her complaint within 180 days of when she first learned that she was getting paid less than comparable male employees , she had failed to file within 180 days of the first unequal paycheck . After Tuesday 's House vote , Speaker Nancy Pelosi said the chamber had "  taken a bold step " in passing the legislation . "  In doing so , it has injected fairness , reason and common sense back into policy , " Pelosi said . The legislation , which passed the Senate on Thursday , now goes to President Barack Obama , who has promised to sign it into law . It is the first major piece of legislation Congress has sent to Obama for his approval . On the campaign trail , Obama and Republican nominee Sen. John McCain debated the bill . Obama heavily emphasized what he called the plan 's benefits to working women , while McCain criticized it as a boon for trial lawyers . Pelosi said Obama called to congratulate her on the bill 's passage . Obama danced with Ledbetter at one of his inaugural balls , and she spoke at the Democrat National Convention at which he accepted his party 's nomination . "  My case is over -- I will never receive the pay I deserve , " Ledbetter said in that speech . "  But there will be a far richer reward if we secure fair pay for our children and grandchildren , so that no one will ever again experience the discrimination that I did . "	President Obama has promised to sign Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act Act would alter time limit for pay-discrimination suits , makes them easier to file Limit would be based on date of most recent unfair paycheck , not the first Act named for woman whose discrimination victory was overturned in 2007
CNN  -- Angela Stokes had never been overweight as a child . Angela Stokes , 30 , lost 160 pounds in two years after she adopted a raw-vegan diet . She now weighs 138 pounds . But she steadily started gaining weight as a teenager because of an under-active thyroid gland . By the time she graduated from college her weight had ballooned and she wore a U.K. dress size 26-28 . "  I was 300 pounds , very unwell , very miserable , " recalls Stokes . "  I ate junk food all the time . I was very closed down emotionally . I had no interest in dieting ; I just wanted to eat all the time ... that was like my comfort in life . " At the time , she says she was so "  emotionally shut down " she refused to talk to anyone about what was happening . The weight was also taking a physical toll on her health and she frequently battled infections and illness . Stokes says living her everyday life became a challenge . "  My mobility was quite restricted ... I was unwilling to participate in things from cutting my toenails to going on a walk with my friends , " remembered Stokes . "  I tried to give this impression that I felt fine about everything , but inside I was in a lot of pain a lot of the time . " Two summers after she reached her heaviest weight , Stokes was working at a greenhouse in Iceland , when a friend lent her a copy of a book about the health benefits of eating raw foods . Stokes , who had never been interested in diets , says she was completely "  absorbed " by the approach . She started eating raw the very next day . "  Everything in my life completely shifted . It was like a light bulb moment to be like ... ` this is what I was waiting for to reclaim my health , ' " said Stokes . Watch CNN 's Dr. Sanjay Gupta report on Angela Stokes ' raw diet " She went cold turkey or "  cold cucumber , " as Stokes often jokes . She stopped eating meat , animal products and processed foods and instead switched to a diet that consisted of uncooked and unprocessed vegetables , fruits , nuts and seeds . "  To me , the thing with raw food is that it just makes sense . It 's simple and natural , eating food straight from the earth . There 's no rocket science , no mystery , " said Stokes . "  Once you understand the simple principle that no other animal in the wild eats cooked or processed foods . That 's it . " The raw food diet completely transformed her life , she says . Within the first month of going raw , she had her first boyfriend in more than five years . In just two years , she had lost 160 pounds and has experienced dramatic improvements emotionally , physically and socially and is "  happier than I 've ever been . " Andrea Giancoli , a registered dietitian and spokeswoman for the American Dietetic Association , says everyone could stand to eat more fruits and vegetables . "  We all need to be moving towards a more plant-based diet , " Giancoli said . "  There are more pitfalls to a typical American diet with all of the processed foods and focus on meat than there are to a plant-based diet . " Is it healthier to eat uncooked vegetables ? Not necessarily . "  The raw diet , specifically , the philosophy behind it is scientifically incorrect , " Giancoli said . "  Raw foodists believe that cooking food destroys enzymes that are essential for the body . While that 's true , so does the gastric acid or juice in your stomach . "  So those enzymes are broken down anyway in your gastro-intestinal tract . " Giancoli believes there 's a nutritional downside to a vegetarian diet . People who eat no animal foods run the risk of nutritional deficiencies such as a lack of vitamin B-12 , iron and zinc and the powerful Omega-3 fatty acids found in fish , she said . Giancoli recommends people meet with a dietitian to develop a balanced eating plan before they embark on a raw food diet . Stokes , who now weighs 138 pounds , has kept the weight off for four years and authored several books on "  raw foodism " lifestyle . What tips does she have for people considering a raw vegan lifestyle ? First , start slowly . "  I recommend people start out being at least 50 percent raw and go from there , " advises Stokes . "  Maybe it ends up at some point you are completely raw , maybe not . As long as the majority of the stuff or at least 50 percent is fresh raw food ... then you 're tipping the balance in your favor . " Stokes also advises people to start eating things they like such as peaches , plums or spinach and then slowly incorporate more fresh raw foods . She admits the lifestyle can be socially challenging and she encourages people to connect with other "  raw foodists . " "  It 's great to get support . If you look on the Internet and around you , you may find pot lucks , " said Stokes . "  Read books to inspire you to keep going on this journey . " Matt Sloane contributed to this report .	Angela Stokes , 30 , was miserable , unhealthy , weighed 300 pounds She began a raw vegan diet after reading a book about its health benefits Stokes lost 160 pounds in two years , improving her emotional , physical health She now weighs 138 pounds and has written several books on "  raw foodism "
Johannesburg  CNN  -- A plane carrying Madagascar 's ousted leader Marc Ravalomanana was turned away from Madagascan airspace Saturday as he tried to return from exile , his spokesman and the airline said . Ravalomanana , who had been in South Africa in exile , took off from Johannesburg Saturday morning in what was his second bid to return to his home country . But Ravalomanana 's spokesman Patrick Gearing , in South Africa , told CNN that the civil aviation authorities on the Indian Ocean island had closed the airspace , refusing the plane permission to land . By Saturday afternoon the plane -- and Ravalomanana -- were back in South Africa , said Gearing . Ravalomanana was ousted in March 2009 through a coup backed by the military , which handed power to current President Andry Rajoelina , the youthful former mayor of Antananarivo . Shortly before boarding his flight to the capital , Antananarivo , Ravalomanana said that he had just spoken with the Madagascan Prime Minister Omer Beriziky , who told him "  everything was OK . " Speaking before the flight took off , Gearing said : "  He has no control over what will happen to him when he arrives but he is prepared to face whatever comes his way . " Ravalomanana 's previous unsuccessful effort to return last year came to an end in Johannesburg , when the airline he was using was told it would n't be allowed to land if he was on board . Madagascar is in the process of implementing a peace agreement facilitated by a regional body , the South African Development Community . Gearing says Ravalomanana met with South Africa 's President Jacob Zuma Friday to thank him for letting him stay following his ouster . U.S. and South African diplomatic sources tell CNN his return would be catastrophic for any peace process going forward . CNN 's Pierre Meilhan contributed to this report .	NEW : Marc Ravalomanana 's plane has arrived in South Africa after being turned away Ravalomanana was ousted from Madagascar in 2009 following a military-backed coup He has been living in exile in South Africa Efforts have been under way to restore peace to the Indian Ocean island
CNN  -- The world 's wildlife has declined by 27 percent since 1970 because of the human impact on the environment , the World Wildlife Fund said Friday . These two adult frilled-neck lizards are threatened species and are bred in captivity in Australia . The WWF 's latest Living Planet Index shows terrestrial , freshwater and marine species all suffered declines in their populations between 1970 and 2005 , with freshwater species experiencing the biggest drop . The index is included in a report called "  2010 and Beyond : Rising to the Biodiversity Challenge , " which the WWF prepared for an international biodiversity conference in Germany later this month . "  No one can escape the impact of biodiversity loss because reduced global diversity translates quite clearly into fewer new medicines , greater vulnerability to natural disasters , and greater effects from global warming , " said James Leape , director-general of WWF International . The Living Planet Index measured 4,000 populations of 1,477 vertebrate species , which the WWF says is a good indicator of overall biodiversity trends . Terrestrial species in both temperate and tropical areas fell by an average of 25 percent during the 35-year period , the WWF said . Marine species fell by 28 percent in the same period , with a dramatic decline between 1995 and 2005 , the WWF said . "  Many marine ecosystems are changing rapidly under human influence , and one recent study estimates that more than 40 percent of the world 's ocean area is strongly affected by human activities while few areas remain untouched , " the WWF report said . Freshwater species in both temperate and tropical regions fell by 29 percent between 1970 and 2003 . The WWF said that is especially significant because despite covering only about 1 percent of the total land surface of the planet , inland waters are home to more than 40,000 vertebrate species . In tropical regions , freshwater species were especially hard-hit ; the index shows they suffered a 35-percent drop between 1970 and 2000 . The WWF said it had insufficient data to chart tropical freshwater species beyond 2000 and temperate freshwater species beyond 2003 . The causes of the declines are varied but ultimately stem from human demands on the biosphere , such as consumption of natural resources or the displacement of ecosystems , the WWF said . The dominant threat to marine life is overexploitation -- harvesting or killing animals or plants beyond the species ' capacity to replace itself , the WWF said . Overfishing is one example . Overexploitation is also a threat to terrestrial species , according to the report , which cites the hunting of tropical forest mammals . Overharvesting of timber is also a major factor , it said . Invasive species , whether introduced deliberately or not , are another threat , especially in freshwater ecosystems , where they are thought to be the main cause of extinction among endemic species , the WWF said . Pollution and overall climate change are other factors causing a loss of biodiversity , it said . The WWF called on governments attending this month 's conference to take urgent action to reduce the rate of loss by 2010 . It wants governments to establish protected areas , particularly those areas important for food security , water supply , medicine , and disaster mitigation , and to commit to zero deforestation by 2020 .	The world 's wildlife has declined by 27 percent since 1970 because of humans WWF : Terrestrial , freshwater , marine species all under threat Pollution and overall climate change are other factors causing loss of wildlife
MEXICO CITY , Mexico  CNN  -- A suspect in police custody calls himself a "  stewmaker " for a Mexican drug lord , saying he disposed of about 300 bodies by dissolving them in acid . Santiago Meza Lopez has asked for forgiveness from the families of those he says he targeted . Santiago Meza Lopez was arrested Thursday in Ensenada , Baja California , but it took police 24 hours to identify him . He says he works for drug lord Teodoro Garcia Simental , also known as "  el Teo , " a powerful drug trafficker . Meza , who is shown handcuffed and flanked by guards in video released by the government , calls himself "  Teo 's stewmaker " and says he was paid $ 600 a week for his macabre duties . The victims , he said , were men who owed Garcia something or had betrayed him . A native of Guamuchil , Sinaloa , Meza was arrested along with three other people , including a minor female who said she was contracted for a social event . Other people sought by police were in the area at the time but were able to escape , officials said . Now , Meza is asking for forgiveness . "  To the families , please forgive me , " he said in the video . Mexican police have not specifically said whether they believe that all elements of Meza 's story are credible . He has told police where he buried some of the bodies . Now authorities , along with citizens groups and the families of the disappeared , are searching for them . They hope Meza could have information about the location of their friends and relatives . Authorities say Garcia formed part of the Arellano Felix cartel but is currently said by intelligence sources to be operating with the Sinaloa cartel . Officials say seven brothers and four sisters of the Arellano-Felix family inherited the Tijuana , Mexico-based drug cartel from Miguel Angel Felix Gallardo in 1989 , after his arrest for drug trafficking . Today , the notorious cartel is split into two factions that have engaged in brutal fighting that has accounted for nearly all the violence in Tijuana , according to the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration . More than 400 people were killed last year in drug-related violence . Eduardo Arellano-Felix , who police said was the last remaining brother to have an active role in the cartel , was arrested in October . CNN 's Carolina Sanchez and CNN en Espanol 's Krupskaia Alis in Mexico City contributed to this report .	Suspect says he worked for powerful Mexican drug trafficker He says he got $ 600 a week to deal with those who owed drug lord Police have not said whether they find man 's story credible Families hope he could have information on their missing loved ones
Celebrity chef Paula Deen , who lost endorsements and a national cooking show after she admitted using a racial slur in the past , on Friday welcomed the resolution of a lawsuit by a former employee who leveled accusations of racism and sexual harassment . The federal lawsuit will be dismissed by agreement , according to a court filing . It was not immediately clear whether there was a settlement , but a description on a federal court website labeled the filing as a "  settlement agreement . " A federal judge in Georgia had not signed off on the agreement , according to the filing . The proceedings will be dismissed "  with prejudice , " meaning the lawsuit can not be filed again . The parties agreed the dismissal would be "  without any award of costs or fees to any party , " according to the posting . Earlier this month , U.S. District Judge William T. Moore Jr. in Savannah dismissed a portion of the lawsuit that contended former employee Lisa Jackson was a victim of racial discrimination . Deen released a statement Friday , said she believes "  in kindness and fairness for everyone . " "  While this has been a difficult time for both my family and myself , I am pleased that the judge dismissed the race claims and I am looking forward to getting this behind me , now that the remaining claims have been resolved . " Deen 's career and public reputation went into a tailspin earlier this summer after her deposition in the lawsuit , in which she admitted using the "  N word " in the past , was released . Jackson alleged that Deen and her brother , Bubba Hiers , committed numerous acts of violence , discrimination and racism that resulted in the end of her five years of employment at The Lady and Sons , and Uncle Bubba 's Oyster House -- two Savannah , Georgia , restaurants run by Deen and her family . But Jackson could not claim to be a victim of racial discrimination targeting African-American workers because she is white , Moore ruled in early August . Other aspects of the lawsuit , including sexual harassment and abusive treatment , were still pending until Friday 's agreed order of dismissal . CNN was unable to immediately reach lawyers for Jackson . Savannah is where Deen built her business and brand into what many consider the folksy face of Southern cooking . In the media firestorm that followed news of the deposition , Deen lost lucrative endorsements and her Food Network cooking show , while the publication of her eagerly anticipated cookbook was canceled . In her statement , Deen thanked Jackson for five years of service at Uncle Bubba 's . "  Moving forward my team and I are working to review the workplace environment issues that were raised in this matter and to retool all of my businesses operations , " Deen said . "  I look forward to getting back to doing what I love . " Jackson 's complaint alleged that a "  racially biased attitude prevailed throughout and pervaded defendants ' restaurant operations , " and that African-American staff could use the restaurant 's rear entrance only . But the judge ruled there was no evidence racially offensive comments allegedly made by Hiers were directed toward Jackson or made with the intent to harass her . The complaint said the company was a "  boy 's club " with men in management positions , "  and women are not invited to take on substantial decision-making roles . " Jackson contended that Hiers subjected her to sexual harassment on "  an almost daily basis . " In June , Deen 's sons staunchly defended their mother , saying allegations of racism were false "  character assassination . " "  Neither one of our parents ever taught us to be bigoted toward any other person for any reason , " Bobby Deen told CNN 's "  New Day " in an exclusive interview with Chris Cuomo . "  Our mother is one of the most compassionate , good-hearted , empathetic people that you 'd ever meet , " he added . "  These accusations are very hurtful to her , and it 's very sad . " A deposition confession At a May deposition in the Jackson lawsuit , Deen admitted having used the "  N word " long ago . Jackson lawyer : "  Miss Deen , have you told racial jokes ? " Deen : "  No , not racial . " Jackson lawyer : "  Have you ever used the 'N word ' yourself ? " Deen : "  Yes , of course . " Deen testified that she probably used the racial slur when talking to her husband about "  when a black man burst into the bank that I was working at and put a gun to my head . " "  I did n't feel real favorable towards him , " she said , referring to the robber . Jackson lawyer : "  Have you used it since then ? " Deen : "  I 'm sure I have , but it 's been a very long time . " Deen said she could n't remember other contexts in which she used the slur , but "  maybe in repeating something that was said to me . " "  But that 's just not a word that we use as time has gone on , " she said . "  Things have changed since the '60s in the South . And my children and my brother object to that word being used in any cruel or mean behavior . " Deen apologized for her language in two videos produced in June . "  I want to learn and grow from this , " she said in one video . "  Inappropriate and hurtful language is totally , totally unacceptable . I 've made plenty of mistakes along the way but I beg you , my children , my team , my fans , my partners -- I beg for your forgiveness . " Coverage of Paula Deen on Eatocracy	Federal lawsuit appears to be over It 's unclear whether dismissal meant a settlement A former employee had sued Paula Deen
CNN  -- It was the perfect summer day for a wedding . The bride was glowing . The groom was handsome . For nine hours , Tiffany Burke photographed the memorable moments . "  I took one break for 15 minutes , to eat really quickly , " Burke recalled . "  You do n't want to miss the shots ; that 's what you are paid for . " Later that night , she pulled into the driveway of her Bellingham , Washington , home . She walked inside , put down her gear and ran to the bathroom . "  I just started puking and puking and puking , " she said . "  I was just grateful that I had n't puked at the wedding or on the bride . " Burke is six months pregnant . She 's already had two children . But this time , she 's carrying a baby for someone else . Surrogate sisters : The ultimate gift Her past pregnancies were relatively easy . She did have morning sickness with both her sons : Holland , 7 , and Blake , 3 . This time , it 's more severe . She is sick most days , all day . Anti-nausea medicine helps , but only to a point . Sleep is the only thing that makes her feel better . There are many days the 31-year-old stays in bed until 2 p.m. "  I have my off days , where I am crying a lot . In fact , I may start crying again right now , " she said . "  But I would totally do it again . " Family ties About two hours south of Bellingham , Natalie Lucich lives with her husband , James . James is Tiffany Burke 's brother . Natalie and James met on a blind date , fell in love and got married in 2008 . Lucich got pregnant within the first month of trying . She had an easy pregnancy , and she was thrilled when her son Hunter was born in 2010 . "  He was the perfect mix of both of us , " she recalls on her family 's blog , which they 've been using to share their journey . "  Those huge eyes melted my heart . " After nurses whisked Hunter away to clean him up and check his vitals , a doctor began stitching Natalie up . But an hour and three packs of thread later , she was still bleeding . Concerned , the doctor pushed on Lucich 's uterus . It would n't contract . The pain was unbearable . She blacked out . She was losing blood quickly . Lucich needed emergency surgery . The highs and lows of foreign surrogacy "  I prayed two things before they began , " she wrote . "  I prayed that I would make it through safely for my husband and my son and that they would put me under because the pain was so horrible I did n't think I could handle any more . " James and her dad were by Lucich 's side when she woke up after surgery . Unable to talk because she still had a breathing tube , she scribbled a note . "  Were you scared ? " she asked . "  Did they take my uterus ? " James told her the bad news . To save her life , doctors removed it . Lucich wrote another note . "  It 's OK . We can adopt . " It took a week for the news to set in . Lucich could have no more children naturally . Her dream had always been to have three . She was crushed . A few days later , Burke headed over to the Luciches ' house to take pictures of the new family . Lucich confided how conflicted she felt : She was grateful for Hunter but also mourning the loss of the children she would never have . Lucich mentioned to Burke that she still had her eggs . She and James were considering using a gestational surrogate . An embryo , created in a Petri dish from Natalie 's egg and James ' sperm , would be implanted in the surrogate mother . None of the surrogate 's DNA is involved . "  I was pissed ! " Burke recalled . She was worried : What if the surrogate drank or smoked or did something to harm herself ? She did n't want the Luciches to take that chance . Suddenly , Burke blurted out , "  I 'll do it ! " Embarrassed , she immediately covered her mouth and apologized . Lucich looked at her . "  I thought you did n't want any more children , you were done being pregnant . " "  Yes , " Burke responded , "  we do n't want any more natural children of our own ... but I have this perfectly good uterus ! " They hugged and cried and cracked jokes about Burke carrying her brother 's baby . But by the end of the visit , the sisters-in-law decided to talk with their husbands . What did they think about Burke helping Lucich become a mom again ? For weeks , both couples weighed the pros and the cons . Could Natalie and James afford it ? It would cost them about $ 35,000 . Were there any health risks to Burke ? After all , as they knew from Lucich 's experience , pregnancy is n't without risk . Finally , what about the emotional toll ? "  I remember thinking , what if I did n't want to give up the baby ? " Burke said . Four months later , all of them were ready to move forward . Burke would help James and Natalie expand their family . Overheard : Surrogacy is not the same as incest Taking the next step Experts say gestational surrogacy is growing slowly and steadily . According to the Society for Assisted Reproductive Technologies , 1,448 babies were reported conceived via gestational surrogacy in 2010 and carried to full term . There are no statistics on relationships between carriers and the intended parents . Burke and Lucich contacted Seattle Reproductive Medicine , a medical practice that specializes in fertility issues . Even though they were family , both couples had to hire attorneys and negotiate a contract that address a wide range of questions , from who would pay for Burke 's doctors visits  the Luciches  to the legal process for James and Natalie to take custody of the child . In Washington state , it is illegal to pay for a surrogate 's services . Both couples also had to undergo a psychological evaluation to make sure they were prepared emotionally to go through the process . It took eight months from the time they decided to do it until the first embryos were implanted . Finally , in January , Natalie 's eggs were mixed with James ' sperm . Then two embryos were implanted in Burke . That round did n't take . The next one did . Both couples were elated . "  I could not be more honored or more excited to be able to carry their child , " Burke wrote in the family 's blog . "  I have also found new strength and support from my amazing husband , Sean . I know I could not do this without him . My love for him grows more and more each day . " Burke and James Lucich were both adopted at birth , and are not related by blood to each other . Burke wrote on her website that she would have served as a surrogate for a biological brother too . Surrogate mom strives for organic living Then in April , a surprise . "  When the nurse first started the scan , she knew right away there were two sacs . We were able to see the little heart beats of each one and we were all instantly crying , " Burke wrote on the blog . An ultrasound showed that she was carrying two boys . "  They always say God has a greater plan than you could ever imagine ... well , He has far surpassed that . James and I could n't be happier , " Lucich added . It was around the same time that some unexpected realities set in . Burke started getting sick and was exhausted all the time . That made it hard for her to work . It also meant the majority of the housework , cooking and child care ended up falling to Sean , an aspiring filmmaker . Sean Burke is quick to point out that the Luciches and others help as they can but admits it 's still difficult . "  It 's been hard ; I 've been quite stressed out through this process , " Sean Burke said . It 's also been a strain on his budding career . "  My career is just starting to kick off , and I 've had to slow down a bit on that , and that 's been tough . " Burke also feels guilty that she 's missing this time with her boys . Her 7-year-old son , Holland , has especially been affected . "  I think sometimes that I want to help her a little bit . ... I just do n't want her to be sick , really , " he said . Recently , things have been turning around . Burke has begun feeling better . She is n't getting sick as much . "  I feel like a human about two to four hours a day , " she said . On a recent afternoon , Burke felt well enough to take her sons clothes shopping and , as a special treat , to Toys R Us to pick out a toy and then out to dinner . The babies are due in December . "  I 'm excited for the boys to be here , to see what they 're like and for them to be with James and Natalie ... but in a selfish way , I am also looking forward to being done , " she said . Still , she has no regrets . "  These babies would n't exist if it were n't for this tough decision . There are a lot of new challenges I was n't aware of , but I kind of think that 's life , too . You kind of sign up for some things , and you hope you 're strong enough to handle it , and hopefully you are . And hopefully , I am . " Best friend becomes surrogate mother Dr. Sanjay Gupta and CNN medical producer Trish Henry contributed to this story .	Tiffany Burke is carrying twin boys for her sister-in-law , Natalie Extreme nausea has made this pregnancy difficult for Burke Burke has no regrets , she says , about being a surrogate
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Michael Jackson will be buried Saturday , August 29 , on what would have been the singer 's 51st birthday , according to a statement from publicist Ken Sunshine . Katherine Jackson has proposed she or one of her children be added as an executor to Michael 's will . The private ceremony will take place at Holly Terrace in The Great Mausoleum at Glendale Forest Lawn Memorial Park in Glendale , California , and "  will be limited to family and close friends , " the statement said . Jackson died June 25 of cardiac arrest . The famed entertainer was 50 . Other Jackson plans have moved sluggishly . Monday , a judge delayed his approval of the exhibition agreement between concert promoter AEG Live and the Jackson estate until Friday , when he will hear testimony about why Michael Jackson 's mother , Katherine Jackson , thinks it should be renegotiated . The three-city exhibition of Jackson memorabilia could be derailed , as relations between Jackson 's mother , the men Jackson named as executors of his will and the promoter of his planned comeback concerts have been challenging . Questions surrounding Michael Jackson 's death and AEG Live 's role in his last days are an "  obvious source of tension " as Katherine Jackson objects to the agreement , Jackson attorney Burt Levitch said . Michael Jackson 's family has "  floated " the possibility of filing a wrongful-death lawsuit against AEG Live because of its "  very , very active role in Michael 's life during the last six months , " Levitch said Monday . Levitch said AEG Live "  apparently paid for the services of Dr. Conrad Murray , who we 're told is under criminal investigation in connection with the decedent 's death . " Warrants used to search Murray 's home and clinics indicated police were investigating his role in Jackson 's June 25 death . A source with knowledge of the investigation told CNN that Murray gave the anesthetic propofol to Jackson in the 24 hours before he died . "  There 's an obvious link between AEG and concerns that we have about the decedent 's demise , " Levitch said . "  So , that 's one obvious source of tension right now . " Los Angeles County Superior Court Judge Mitchell Beckloff set a November trial date to hear Katherine Jackson 's potential challenge of John Branca and John McClain , who were named as executors in Michael Jackson 's 2002 will . Katherine Jackson has proposed that she or one of her children be added as an executor . "  We think it 's important for the family to have a seat at the table , " Levitch said . "  It 's not just a matter of making a quick buck here . " A Jackson family member would be in the best position to guide Michael Jackson 's legacy , he said . Beckloff delayed a decision until Friday on Katherine Jackson 's objection to the agreement made by Branca and McClain , who are serving for now as special administrators of the estate , to allow AEG Live to produce a Michael Jackson exhibition . Jackson lawyers argued in Monday 's hearing that the 50-50 split of profits for the exhibition was too generous to AEG Live , but estate lawyers said they negotiated the best terms possible . AEG Live lawyer Kathy Jorrie said any further delay in approval would cause the company to abandon the deal and the company would not renegotiate . AEG Live would hold the exhibition just as a documentary about Jackson 's last months hits theaters at the end of October . "  It 's important to the world that we present them with the memorabilia at the time the movie is released , " Jorrie said . The judge has approved a merchandising agreement and the movie deal , both of which were adjustments to the contract Jackson signed with AEG Live earlier this year for a string of 50 comeback concerts that were to start last month in London , England . Estate lawyer Howard Weitzman said canceling the exhibition deal could cost the Jackson estate $ 5 million .	NEW : Michael Jackson to be buried Saturday , August 29 Judge delays approval of agreement between AEG Live , Jackson estate until Friday Jackson family hints at possibility of filing wrongful-death lawsuit against AEG Live AEG lawyer : Further delay in would cause company to abandon the deal
CNN  At first police in Marana , Arizona , thought the shoplifted gun Mario Valencia held as he walked through a busy office park was locked and unable to fire . The cable through the lever and trigger could n't be taken off , an officer was told by an employee of the Walmart where Valencia took the gun and some rounds of ammunition . But just 10 seconds after the worker told police that ... a shot . Valencia had fired into the air , and less than a minute later a police car slammed into him in a move that ended a crime spree and sparked nationwide discussion on the officer 's unusual tactic . The 36-year-old Valencia was hospitalized and within a few days transferred to jail where he faces 15 charges , including shoplifting the .30 -30 rifle . That February morning , police have said , Valencia committed several crimes in nearby Tucson before stealing a car and driving to the Walmart in Marana . There he went to the sporting goods department , asked to see a rifle , then told an employee he wanted the ammunition . Officer who drove into suspect justified , chief says The woman told police she gave Valencia the rounds because he told her he would break the case with the bullets inside . He also told her not to do anything stupid . In spite of that she also said she did n't feel threatened , leading police to charge him with shoplifting and not armed robbery . Walmart told CNN 's Miguel Marquez that the store clerk acted appropriately , even using a code to alert security to call police . Valencia took the gun and ammo and fled into a nearby business park where he encountered an officer in a slow-moving patrol car . At one point he pointed the weapon at an officer and at another he pointed it at his head . The officer told him several times to put down the gun , police have said . The officers that were tailing him assumed that he likely could n't shoot anyone because of the store 's lock . Marana police on Thursday said the cable gun lock was still on the rifle when it was recovered . But the wire that goes through the trigger and the lever to reload the gun were loose enough to allow it to still be used , police said . It also should have been wrapped through the lever twice , not once , police said . A Walmart spokesman told CNN that the rifle had been properly locked and might have been affected by the hard blow caused by the police car . Valencia , who is in Pima County Jail , will appear in court again on May 18 .	Before he was slammed into by a police car , Mario Valencia fired a rifle with a loosened lock He shoplifted the gun and ammo from a Walmart , where a saleswoman who showed him the weapon alerted security Walmart says the lock was properly installed but police say it was loose when it was found
BAGHDAD , Iraq  CNN  -- U.S.-led forces captured two men believed to be senior al Qaeda in Iraq leaders , including one suspected of planning the 2006 kidnapping of U.S. journalist Jill Carroll , a military statement said . Jill Carroll , seen here in an interview following her 2006 release , was held for nearly three months in Iraq . Coalition forces captured the suspects in Baghdad on August 11 and 17 , according to the statement . The suspects were identified as Salim Abdallah Ashur al-Shujayri , also known as Abu Uthman , and Ali Rash Nasir Jiyad al-Shammari , also known as Abu Tiba . Abu Uthman is suspected of masterminding Carroll 's abduction , the statement said . Carroll , a freelance reporter for The Christian Science Monitor , was abducted in January 2006 and freed unharmed in March of that year . Both men are suspected of overseeing car or suicide bombings targeting Iraqis with the intent of inciting sectarian violence , the statement said . Abu Tiba is suspected to have been in charge of as many 15 al Qaeda in Iraq "  attack cells , " providing them with money , weapons and explosives , according to the statement . The men were also suspected of being connected to other kidnappings , the statement said . "  The capture of Abu Tiba and Abu Uthman eliminates two of the few remaining experienced leaders in the AQI -LSB- al Qaeda in Iraq -RSB- network , " the statement said .	Abu Uthman suspected of masterminding Jill Carroll 's 2006 kidnapping Uthman and another al Qaeda in Iraq suspect captured this month , military says Carroll , a U.S. journalist , was abducted in 2006 but released unharmed weeks later
Wired  -- Walking into one of Yayoi Kusama 's infinity rooms is like walking into a completely different universe . The door shuts behind you , and suddenly you find yourself surrounded by what appears to be a galaxy of shimmering LEDs . The scene is beautiful , in a surreal , space-age fairy tale sort of way . But it 's also a little jarring in its intimacy ; it 's almost as though you 've been instantly transported from a whitewashed gallery into Kusama 's buzzing , obsessive mind . It 's a strange place to inhabit , if only because you get the sense that what goes on inside Kusama 's mind is very different than what 's happening inside , say , your neighbor 's , or your colleague 's . The Japanese artist has lived in a Japanese mental institution since the 1970s , when she checked herself in after a particularly stressful stint in New York City . But Kusama 's struggle with obsessive compulsive disorder and other mental anguishes is not a shameful secret . In fact , it 's the opposite . Read more : Wildly detailed drawings that combine math and butterflies Kusama 's mental woes fuel her work , with her obsession and compulsion manifested in her exaggerated use of shapes , colors and mirrored rooms . For as long as Kusama has been an artist  she 's currently in her mid-80s  , she 's been obsessed with polka-dots . A result of hallucinations she 's had since childhood , the shapes are plastered across her paintings , on her clothes , and incorporated into her trippy infinity rooms . It 's not hyperbole to say they are everywhere . Including her newly opened show at the David Zwirner Gallery in New York City . In "  I Who Have Arrived in Heaven " , Kusama continues the motif with 27 new paintings and two infinity rooms , all covered in dots of varying shapes and sizes . The colorful large-scale paintings covered in eyes and dots are beautiful works in their own right , but the real reason most people will trek to the Chelsea gallery and wait in the 4-hour line is to see Kusama 's brilliant mirrored infinity rooms . GIZMODO - Infinity Rooms from Gizmodo on Vimeo . Kusama has been making these magical boxes since the 1960s , when she first lined a small room with mirrors and filled it with polka-dotted phallic shapes , creating what I like to imagine a brothel in the Dr. Seuss universe might look like . Her newest room , "  The Souls of Millions of Light Years Away , " is more along the lines of her beloved "  Fireflies on the Water , " a mirrored infinity room that showcased hundreds of warm-hued LEDs at the Whitney last year . Read more : Mind-blowing portraits made of test tubes and pushpins In her new room , Kusama has again suspended multi-colored LEDs from the ceiling at varying lengths that reflect off of the mirrored walls and shallow pool on the floor in a strobe light pattern that repeats itself every 45 seconds . Just down the street at the gallery 's connected space is another infinity room , "  Love Is Calling , which this time is filled with brightly colored inflatable sculptures covered in polka dots that shoot up from the floor and hang from the ceiling like technicolor tentacles . The artist says the kaleidoscopic rooms are her attempt to investigate life , death and infinity , and if you 're prone to existential pondering , it 's easy to see that connection . Contemplating the infinite does have a way of drudging up those "  what 's it all mean ? " feelings . But for most people , being inside Kusama 's glimmering universe is simply a brief reprieve from a dulled world they left on the other side of the door . For a moment , you can almost forget about the line waiting outside , the 360 degrees of mirrors and ultimately , yourself . But just for a moment $ " because there 's no way you 're leaving without taking a selfie . I Who Have Arrived in Heaven will be at David Zwirner through December 21 Read more from WIRED : Powerful Photos Go Deep Inside America 's Fracking Boom How a Math Genius Hacked OkCupid to Find True Love The Most Amazing Images NASA Took of Earth From Space A Teeny House Filled With Clever , Space-Saving Contraptions 11 Must-Watch New Netflix Movies to Stream in 2014 Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $ 1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT ! Click here ! Copyright 2011 Wired.com .	Japanese artist Yayoi Kusama uses her struggle with mental illness to fuel her work It is manifested in her exaggerated use of shapes , colors and mirrored rooms She has recently opened a new show at the David Zwirner Gallery in New York
Washington  CNN  -- The federal government will recognize gay marriages in Michigan that occurred between recent conflicting court rulings , Attorney General Eric Holder announced Friday . Holder 's statement said couples married on March 22 , before an appellate court blocked a previous ruling allowing gay marriage in Michigan , "  will be eligible for all relevant federal benefits on the same terms as other same-sex marriages . " His decision is the latest move by the Obama administration toward legalizing gay marriage in the United States . The divisive issue pits social and religious conservatives against liberals and moderates , with polls showing a majority of Americans in support of gay marriage . On March 21 , U.S. District Judge Bernard Friedman struck down Michigan 's gay marriage ban as unconstitutional . His ruling cleared the way for same-sex couples to marry immediately , and scores did the next day until the 6th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals issued an order to temporarily stay , or put on hold , Friedman 's decision . The same appeals court extended its stay on Tuesday , causing confusion over the status of the couples married over the previous weekend . Holder noted that Michigan Gov. Rick Snyder "  has made clear that the marriages that took place on Saturday were lawful and valid when entered into , although Michigan will not extend state rights and benefits tied to these marriages pending further legal proceedings . " "  For purposes of federal law ... these Michigan couples will not be asked to wait for further resolution in the courts before they may seek federal benefits to which they are entitled , " Holder said , citing a previous decision in a similar situation in Utah . Voters in Utah , Michigan and nine other states passed constitutional amendments in 2004 defining marriage as one man and one woman . Friedman 's ruling was the latest in a series of recent similar decisions affecting marriage restrictions in states including Texas , Virginia , Kentucky and Oklahoma . In most of those cases , the judicial orders did not take effect immediately . However , Michigan 's did and , as in Utah , same-sex couples immediately got marriage licenses before later court decisions halted such unions -- at least for now , as higher courts weigh in . Last June , the Supreme Court issued a landmark decision that rejected parts of the federal Defense of Marriage Act while ruling same-sex spouses legally married in a state may receive federal benefits .	After a court ruling , scores of same-sex marriages occurred in Michigan Attorney General Holder says those couples are eligible for federal benefits The issue is now in limbo due to a legal appeal
NEW YORK  CNN  -- A long line of hospital staff wraps around the corridor outside a small conference room in New York to catch a glimpse of the precious cargo . A worker looks at the mummified skull of King Tut in November 2007 . Inside are the three frail bodies in open wooden crates causing all the commotion . Another body -- a prince no less -- is a few rooms down in a computer tomography scanner . The bodies are part of the Brooklyn Museum 's collection of 11 Egyptian mummies , transported to the North Shore University Hospital to be scanned . The goal : Find out who they are , how they might have died and establish a chronology of advances in ancient Egypt 's mummification techniques . The process is not necessarily new . Egyptian mummies have been exposed to radiographic study since 1896 and CT scans , which conducts imaging by sections , for more than two decades . Perhaps the most famous of them , King Tutankhamun  c. 1355-346 B.C.  , was scanned in 2005 right outside the vault that holds his sarcophagus . The scan resulted in more than 17,000 images that were analyzed by an international team of radiologists , pathologists and anatomists , led by the world-renowned Zahi Hawass , the secretary general of Egypt 's Supreme Council of Antiquities . The scope and ability of CT scan technology are proving invaluable in learning more about the funeral rituals of ancient Egyptians and the mummies themselves . Whereas conventional X-rays can not clearly distinguish soft tissue from bone and can see only two planes , CT scanning can differentiate among the various types of bone and soft tissue , and reconstruct three-dimensional images that "  show fine detail inside coronary arteries down to 0.6 millimeters " said Amgad Makaryus , director of cardiac CT and magnetic resonance imaging at North Shore , providing a better chance at diagnosis and differentiation among diseases . "  CT has proved to be exceptionally well-suited for studying the fragile , wrapped figures of Egyptian mummies , especially those still contained within their decorated plasterlike shells , or cartonnages , " according to an article by a team of eight researchers , led by Derek N.H. Notman , published in the American Journal of Roentgenology . CT scanning is fast and non-invasive , Makaryus agrees . A scan of one of the four bodies brought to North Shore quickly revealed that the mummy named Lady Hor was actually a man . The body never had to leave its cartonnage for the procedure . In the case of King Tut , initial X-rays of his mummy decades ago showed fragments of bone inside his skull , causing speculation that he might have been killed by a blow to the back of the head . The scan immediately revealed that his skull was intact ; and the team found no other indication of foul play , according to its report . "  King Tut is the icon of Egyptian history , but he is only one of thousands of mummies we can study . Through CT scans , we can , in a way , bring the dead back to life , " Hawass told National Geographic magazine . In another famous case , a CT scan helped identify the mummy of the Pharaoh Ramses I  1293-1291 B.C.  in 2000 . It had been bought from a Canadian museum by the Michael C. Carlos Museum in Atlanta , Georgia . Dr. Heidi Hoffman , a former radiology resident at Emory now practicing in Chicago , Illinois , and part of the team of scientists who analyzed the pharaoh 's body , was able to observe a type of bone erosion , and "  coalescence of air cells can be seen in cases of chronic mastoiditis , " an inflammatory condition usually due to chronic ear infections . Though easily treatable with antibiotics today , the pharaoh 's untreated ear infection could have spread and caused his death . At North Shore , Jesse Chusid , director of Imaging Informatics at the Department of Radiology , said the 64-slice CT scanner takes 0.6 mm-thick sectional scans and combines and magnifies them to provide extraordinary detail . Curators of the Brooklyn Museum reached out to North Shore for the first time in 2007 , to scan Demetrios , a 2,000-year-old mummy , before he was to join a traveling exhibit called "  To Live Forever : Egyptian Treasures From the Brooklyn Museum , " opening at the Chrysler Museum in Norfolk , Virginia , in October . Demetrios is called a "  red shroud mummy " because of unusual red pigment in his linen shroud . Another red shroud mummy is in the J. Paul Getty Museum in Los Angeles , California . There , CT scans revealed the remains of a mummified ibis , a bird sacred to Egyptians , wrapped inside . Curators of the Brooklyn Museum wanted to find out whether Demetrios had his own ibis , thought to be a sacrifice to the god Toth , whose head was an ibis . Demetrios did not have one . Still , Dr. Lawrence Boxt of North Shore University Hospital told The New York Times in 2007 that Demetrios either "  had an easy life or was carried around a lot . He certainly did n't do much heavy lifting during his lifetime . " The same was true for the mummy of the royal prince Count of Thebes , Pa-seba-khai-en-ipet . Edward Bleiberg , curator of Egyptian , classical and ancient Middle Eastern art at the Brooklyn Museum , said initial findings of his scan reaffirmed his high status : A small incision to the side of the abdomen to remove the organs , while carefully leaving the heart in place , then filling the body with embalming liquids -- all indicated a high-quality mummification process . Why the heart ? In ancient Egypt , the heart was considered the thinking organ -- the center of the soul and the source of knowledge , Bleiberg said . "  The heart knows what a person thinks and feels , " he said . "  It is supposed to be left in place during mummification so that it could be weighed against the feather of truth in the final judgment . " The images produced on the latest mummies at North Shore will have to be studied for months before researchers gain new insight into ancient Egyptian funeral practices . In the meantime , some revelations brought to light by the scans beg more questions yet : Pa-seba-khai-en-ipet seems to have a tube lodged inside him , running from his mouth through his esophagus and into the top of his chest . Bleiberg said he and Makaryus are pretty certain that was not the cause of death , and that it was inserted post-mortem . Purpose ? That might be lost to the ages .	Radiologists at NY hospital analyze Egyptian mummies CT testing allow radiologists to study mummies without doing damaging procedures Recent CT scan reveals Egyptian mummy named Lady Hor was actually a man
CNN  -- A man used a fake Facebook account to lure a girl out of her home to stage a kidnapping and eventual rescue , but ended up killing her , according to a Maine State Police affidavit . Kyle Dube , 20 , of Orono , Maine , was indicted Wednesday on kidnapping and murder charges in the death of 15-year-old Nichole Cable , according to Tim Feeley , special assistant to the Maine attorney general . Dube is accused of posing as a friend of Cable 's on Facebook and repeatedly requesting to meet with her in person . The affidavit states that on May 12 , she agreed to meet him to obtain marijuana believing him to be that friend . According to the affidavit , police interviewed Dube 's brother , who told them Dube gave him this account of what happened : He waited in the woods wearing a ski mask , jumped out of the bushes , duct-taped Cable and put her in the back of his father 's truck . When he removed her from the truck , he realized she was dead and dumped her body in the woods . Cable 's body was found eight days later . Dube 's brother also told police that Kyle intended to kidnap Cable and he planned to "  find " her later in an attempt to look like a hero , according to the affidavit . The man whom Dube is accused of impersonating told police that he suspected Dube of creating a fraudulent Facebook account in his name . According to the affidavit , the man also said Dube wanted to have sex with Cable , but that she had refused his advances . Dube faces a maximum sentence of 30 years in prison for the kidnapping charge , as well as 20 years to life for the murder charge , William Stokes , Maine deputy attorney general and chief of the criminal division , told CNN . "  There 's a form of murder in which you may not have intended to kill , but that you engaged in conduct that had such high death-producing potential and depraved indifference to the value of human life , " Stokes said . "  When someone engages in that conduct , it 's murder whether you intended to kill or not . " Cable 's cause of death has not yet been determined . The medical examiner 's office is still awaiting results on a few tests before making a final evaluation , Stokes said . Stephen Smith , Dube 's attorney , cautioned that Dube is innocent until proven guilty . "  The police never got a direct confession from him and the jury 's still out , " Smith told CNN . "  We would urge the public to exercise some restraint and not leap to judgment . " Stokes said that Cable 's family has been kept informed of the case . CNN 's attempts to reach Cable 's family were unsuccessful . No court date has yet been set , Stokes said .	Kyle Dube , 20 , of Orono , Maine , is indicted on kidnapping and murder charges Nichole Cable , 15 , died during his abduction of her , according to an affidavit Dube intended to "  find " the girl and look like a hero , his brother told police He faces 30 years to life on the kidnapping charge , 20 years to life for murder
CNN  -- At least five people were killed when a man opened fire at a Minneapolis business and then turned the gun on himself , police said Friday . The incident occurred about 4:30 p.m.  5:30 p.m. ET  Thursday at Accent Signage Systems in the Bryn Mawr neighborhood , said Sgt. Steven McCarty of the Minneapolis Police Department . "  I can confirm that the shooter is dead , " Deputy Chief Kris Arneson told reporters . "  And he died by a gunshot wound -- self-inflicted . " Police did not immediately give a motive for the shooting . Raymond Thomas "  R.T. " Rybak Jr. said that he visited the business about a month ago and that it was rapidly expanding around the world "  because they have such cutting-edge technologies . " Accent Signage Systems specializes in interior signs that help the visually impaired , CNN affiliate KARE reported . The company holds a patent for technology that imprints Braille on things like hotel room numbers and restroom signs . According to the company 's Facebook page , Accent started as a part-time engraving business out of company president Reuven Rahamim 's basement in 1984 , KARE reported . Accent now employs about 30 people and earns $ 5 million to $ 10 million each year , the station reported . A neighbor who lives close to the business told KARE that an Accent employee hid in her house to escape the shooting . "  He was visibly fearful , " Barb Gasterland said . "  He came running up the side of the road and asked for the phone because he was running from the shooter . " Gasterland told KARE that the employee saw his boss and best friend get shot , along with two others . In a statement , Minnesota Gov. Mark Dayton said he deplored the "  senseless " shooting . "  There is no place for it anywhere in Minnesota , " he said .	NEW : Police have not yet reported a motive for the shooting Man killed at least four others before turning gun on himself , police say Shooting occurred in city 's Bryn Mawr neighborhood
Fast Company  -- On Tuesday , Amazon launched Instant Video , a streaming movie and TV service that features more than 5,000 titles . The long-rumored service is offered for no additional cost to members of Amazon Prime , the company 's loyalty program , which gives customers all-you-can-eat free two-day shipping for a $ 79 annual fee , and already boasts millions of members . At $ 79 a year -- or $ 6.58 per month -- Amazon 's new service is less expensive than subscriptions for Netflix and Hulu , which cost $ 7.99 . Will Amazon 's service have a big impact on the latter companies ? To some degree , Amazon is now a competitor to Hulu and Netflix , but the competition is indirect . Hulu and Netflix more recently have focused on delivering fresher content to customers . Amazon Instant Video is more or less centered on longer-tail content . Fast Company : More about Amazon "  It 's a mix -- movies from Sony and Warner Bros. tend to be a little older , five to seven years , but we 've got some more recent movies , " says Cameron Janes , director of Amazon Instant Video . "  You are not going to find day-and-date movies . You 're not going to find brand-new movies in here because the movies are generally older . " The same goes for television . "  We do n't have day-after-broadcast TV in our Prime offering , " Janes says . What 's more , in addition to offering newer content , Netflix also offers a much larger library , with an estimated 20,000 titles available for streaming , quadruple Amazon 's offerings . In a letter to customers featured prominently on Amazon.com today , Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos touted the new offerings , from March of the Penguins to The Dick Van Dyke Show . Of the 18 titles Bezos listed , 16 of them are also available for instant streaming on Netflix . Instant Video appears to be aimed less at Netflix and Hulu , and more at attracting new customers to Amazon Prime . When users search for a movie title online now , they 'll will be peppered with benefits of the program . Searching for "  The Girl Who Kicked the Hornet 's Nest , " for example , non-members will see that they can buy the DVD for $ 15 , not including shipping fees , or rent or buy the film via streaming for $ 3.99 or $ 11.99 , respectively . However , if they become members of Prime -- for only $ 6.58 a month -- they wo n't have to spend a penny on the film , since it 's available on Instant Video .  And if they still want the DVD , there 's always free shipping . Those ramped up benefits might be enough to pull Amazon users over to Amazon Prime . But will it be enough to sway users into canceling their Netflx and Hulu subscriptions ? It 's too early to say . As Janes says , "  We 're just getting started . " Copyright  2010 FastCompany.com , a unit of Mansueto Ventures , LLC . All rights reserved .	On Tuesday , Amazon launched Instant Video , a streaming movie and TV service Amazon is now a competitor to Hulu and Netflix , but the competition is indirect Netflix offers a much larger library that quadruples Amazon 's offering
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- Singer Chris Brown earned a glowing probation report six months after he was sentenced to "  labor-oriented service " for assaulting his pop star girlfriend , Rihanna , the judge said Thursday . Brown , 20 , sat silently in court Thursday afternoon as Los Angeles Superior Court Judge Patricia Schnegg reviewed his probation report . "  It looks like you 're doing really , really well , " Schnegg said . The police chief in Richmond , Virginia -- where Brown is being allowed to complete his sentence -- reported that he had worked 32 days of hard labor , she said . Schnegg said when she sentenced Brown that she wanted to see him do "  actual physical labor , as opposed to some type of community service . " The report on his court-ordered domestic violence counseling said he had completed 17 out of 52 groups sessions , she said . The agency running the sessions reported "  you are participating and doing a very good job , " the judge said . The judge rewarded Brown by signing an order allowing him to again travel outside the United States for concerts . When Brown returns to court on May 11 , 2010 , for his next probation progress report , he will be "  way over halfway there " to completing his sentence , she said . Brown was sentenced in August to serve five years probation and to spend more than 1,400 hours in "  labor-oriented service " for the assault conviction . Schnegg also put a restraining order in place , requiring Brown to stay 50 yards away from Rihanna , 10 yards if the two are at the same industry event . The judge issued a strict warning to Brown not to violate the order , which remains in place until 2014 . Brown was arrested after an early morning argument inside a rented Lamborghini on a Hollywood street on February 8 , 2009 . According to Brown 's probation report , the February argument began over an incident at a Beverly Hills party . An earlier , sworn statement by Los Angeles Police Detective DeShon Andrews said the incident began when Rihanna found a text message on his cell phone from "  a woman who Brown had a previous sexual relationship with . " The pair argued while in the car driven by Brown , the police statement said . It went on to describe the assault in great detail , saying Brown punched Rihanna -- identified in the statement by her real first name , Robyn , and the first initial of her last name , Fenty -- numerous times and put her in a headlock , restricting her breathing and causing her to start to lose consciousness . He threatened to beat her and kill her , according to the statement , and he bit her ear and her fingers . Eventually , the statement said , "  Robyn F. began screaming for help and Brown exited the vehicle and walked away . A resident in the neighborhood heard Robyn F. 's plea for help and called 911 , causing a police response . An investigation was conducted and Robyn F. was issued a domestic violence emergency protective order . " The detective said Brown sent a text message nine days later , apologizing . Rihanna 's injuries included cuts and bruises inflicted by a large ring on Brown 's right hand , which he used to punch her , the probation report said . "  Officers at the scene observed numerous contusions and abrasions to the victim 's face and forehead , as well as bruising to her left arm near the bicep , " it said . "  They also saw abrasions to her arms near both wrists and on her upper chest near her collarbone and around her neck . There were abrasions on her left leg and on the inside of her upper lips . " Rihanna declined to speak to the probation investigator , so the probation report 's details were gathered from police detectives who interviewed her soon after the attack . "  He beat me up , " Rihanna told the police , the report said . Brown made a public apology in July in a video statement posted on his personal Web site . "  I have told Rihanna countless times , and I 'm telling you today , that I 'm truly , truly sorry in that I was n't able to handle the situation both differently and better , " Brown said in the Web site statement . "  What I did was unacceptable , 100 percent . I can only ask and pray that you forgive me . Please . "	Brown has done 6 months of sentence for beating girlfriend Rihanna Judge reads reports that he is doing well on "  labor-oriented service " Brown also "  participating and doing a very good job " in domestic violence counseling
Jerusalem  CNN  -- Hundreds of Israelis on Monday bid an emotional farewell to Rabbi Ovadia Yosef , 93 , the former Sephardic chief rabbi of Israel . The spiritual leader died at Jerusalem 's Hadassah Ein Kerem Hospital after medical complications from a stroke he suffered at the beginning of the year . Yosef was considered the leading authority in religious rulings in the realm of Jewish law . He was revered by many Israelis , both secular and religious , in particular those of Eastern origin . This popularity led him to play a unique role in Israel 's nation-building . He will be remembered for his pivotal influence in Israeli politics after he formed the ultra-Orthodox Shas Party in 1984 . Since its founding , the party has almost always been part of the governing coalition , and the rabbi had been a confidant of Israel 's prime ministers . In September 1993 , Shas , under Yosef 's leadership , played an integral role in Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin 's peace initiative that led to the forming of the Palestinian Authority in the West Bank and Gaza . He interpreted the Halakhic , or Jewish religious law , principle of Pikuach Nefesh to mean that lives that are endangered by the Arab-Israeli conflict can be saved by overruling the commandment to settle the land . His interpretation was taken as the religious endorsement of the two-state solution , which calls for an independent Palestinian state alongside Israel . The rabbi 's political weight in the party 's move to the right was reflected in his opposition to the Israeli government 's decision to disengage from Gaza in September 2005 . This time , his interpretation of Pikuach Nefesh led him to conclude that a unilateral withdrawal would threaten the lives of Israelis , and thus the state should abide by the commandment to settle the land . Today , Shas ' political influence wanes as it sits in the political opposition . Controversial statements In a 2001 sermon , according to Israeli media , he referred to "  evil and damnable " Palestinians , adding : "  You must send missiles to them and annihilate them . " And in August 2010 , Israel Army Radio quoted Yosef as saying that Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas "  and all these evil people should perish from this world . ... God should strike them with a plague -- them and these Palestinians . " He was denouncing then-upcoming direct talks between Israelis and Palestinians in Washington . The Palestinian government condemned his statement , and Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu 's office said : "  These things do not reflect PM Netanyahu 's approach nor that of the Israeli government . " Hundreds of thousands of Israelis are expected to attend Yosef 's funeral . People we lost in 2013	The rabbi had complications from a stroke he suffered at the beginning of the year He was considered the leading authority in religious rulings in the realm of Jewish law Yosef will be remembered for his political influence after he formed the Shas Party in 1984 His fiery rhetoric about Palestinians has drawn condemnation
CNN  -- Theresa Borawski sat down heavily on a neighbor 's porch , somewhere in between her front door and her good friend 's driveway . The distance between the two was less than half a mile . It might as well have been 20 . She had already taken a break on a tree stump near the road . This was the last stop , she told herself as she stood up from the porch slowly . She was going to make it . Reaching her friend 's house was like reaching the finish line of a much longer race . "  I was just like I had run in a marathon , " Borawski remembers . "  It was the biggest moment in my life . " "  He had to bring me home because I could n't walk back , " she laughs , "  but ... " But the victory was sweet for a woman who just six months before had primarily relied on a wheelchair to get around , a woman who had lived in her house for two years without walking to the mailbox . At her heaviest in March 2011 , Borawski weighed 428 pounds . "  I could no longer participate in life 's activities and was forced to become a spectator while people around me lived their life , " she wrote on iReport.com . "  Today , I am 276 pounds lighter , 14 jean sizes smaller , and no longer need a wheelchair , walker or cane to get around . I am a walking , talking miracle and have been given a second chance at life . " Borawski 's father died when she was 8 . Friends and family showed their sympathy with food . The lunch lady at school put extra fries on her tray ; the neighbors gave her more candy at Halloween . Her grandparents were caterers , and their extended family got together often for exorbitant meals . "  I learned at a very young age that food makes the happy times better and the sad times more bearable , " she says . She was heavy throughout high school and college but says her weight never really affected her life until 2003 , when a series of setbacks sent her into a downward spiral . Borawski lost her church job of 15 years and moved more than 200 miles to start anew . She lost her grandfather and best friend back-to-back a few months later . Then her new job was cut from the church 's budget . "  All of a sudden I 'm 42 years old , living alone , unemployed , no income whatsoever , " she says . So she comforted herself with food and decided to go back to college . Professor Chuck Bowden was n't surprised by Borawski 's amazing transformation . She caught his attention right away as a student willing to work hard . "  I already knew she was dedicated , " Bowden says . "  I think starting over as a college freshman had to be a challenge -- almost just as impressive . " Over the next four years , Borawski gained weight steadily . Her doctor diagnosed her with rheumatoid arthritis , an extremely painful chronic disease that inflamed her joints . The extra pounds she was carrying only made the condition worse . She used a walker or cane to get around . When she graduated from Mid Michigan Community College , she could barely walk across the stage to get her diploma . By January 2011 , "  my life was in complete chaos , " Borawski says . She was working at the college and traveled around campus in an electric wheelchair . "  I always heard her whirring down the hall , " Bowden remembers . He and Borawski had become friends and chatted often about the future . "  With the  arthritis  and the extra weight , I got very concerned that she might ... not be able to take care of herself . " His fears were n't far off . Borawski had difficulty standing long enough in the shower to wash and condition her hair . She could only shop at stores that had mobile carts ; it took her a week to carry in her groceries from the car because she could only carry one or two bags at a time . She was seriously considering moving into an assisted living facility . "  I could barely function , " Borawski says . She got up , rode around in her wheelchair , popped painkillers , ate and went to bed every night at 7 p.m. "  Every bit of energy I had went to just living . " Her wake-up call came on March 1 , 2011 . Her sister phoned to tell her she was getting bariatric surgery . Borawski pleaded with her not to -- she had heard horror stories about the procedure 's aftereffects . When the sister hung up , Borawski went to the refrigerator and took out a bottle of peach soda . "  Something just clicked in my head , " she says . A quick calculation made Borawski realize she had been drinking nearly 7,000 calories a week in soda -- the equivalent of 2 pounds . She opened up the bottle and dumped it down the drain . Then she did the same with the rest of her stash . At that moment , Borawski gave up sugar cold turkey . Ten days later , she went to the doctor and had lost 7 pounds . She bought a calorie-counting book on the way home and started reading food labels . Soon after , she restricted her calorie intake to 1,000 calories a day  experts warn against eating less than 1,200 calories a day because it sends your body into starvation mode  . She says she was n't hungry at that limit because of her lack of mobility . "  Because I was so heavy , I had a lot of success really quickly . I lost 45 pounds between March and Memorial Day . " In October 2011 , Borawski walked to her mailbox without a cane for the first time . Her next trip was to the neighbor 's mailbox . The first time she walked down the steps at work , her student assistant cheered . Almost a year later , she showed up in Bowden 's office doorway . He never heard her coming . "  There 's a chance we may have done a little dance in the hall , " he says with a laugh . "  To see somebody walk again ? I considered that miraculous . " Every time she lost 20 pounds , Borawski went to the store and bought a pair of pants in the next size smaller . They sat in the corner of her room until she could pull them on . They were her motivation when she was tempted to cheat . To celebrate losing 200 pounds , she bought a black and white diamond ring . She wears it every day as a reminder never to go back . "  The first row of black diamonds is the first 100 pounds , the second row is the second 100 pounds , " she says . "  The white diamonds in between are the new life I 've found . " Last month , Borawski walked three miles for the first time . She does 200 to 300 squats a day to strengthen her legs after years of immobility . She eats around 1,400 calories to maintain her weight at a healthy 150 pounds . Her rheumatoid arthritis has improved significantly , and her doctors are "  amazed and impressed " at her overall health . Borawski 's goals now are simple : to walk a 5K in September and to inspire others . She keeps her electric wheelchair in her office with a sign : "  Theresa does n't live here anymore . " "  The key for me was finding a plan that I could live with for the rest of my life , " she wrote on iReport . "  I am a brand new person , have so much energy and am now a participant in life , rather than just watching it pass me by . I am blessed beyond measure and ca n't wait to see what the future holds for me ! " Have you lost weight ? Share your story on iReport	Theresa Borawski loses 14 pant sizes after spending years in a wheelchair Borawski stopped eating sugar and cut out soda Last month , she walked three miles for the first time without assistance
CNN  -- A dinosaur from the Middle-Late Jurassic period , found in China , gives scientists new understandings of how birds evolved , according to a Wednesday report from the journal Nature . The newly discovered species is called Aurornis xui . "  Aurora " is Latin for "  daybreak " or "  dawn . " Ornis is Greek for "  bird . " The last part of the name , xui , honors paleontologist Xu Xing . The dinosaur lived about 150 million years ago , said Pascal Godefroit , lead author and researcher at the Royal Belgian Institute of Natural Sciences in Brussels . Read about more dinosaur discoveries The critter was 51 centimeters -- about 20 inches -- long . It had teeth and probably fed on insects , Godefroit said . It was found in the Tiaojishan Formation of Liaoning Province , China . This dinosaur appears to have had four wings , two along the arms and two along the legs , Godefroit said . It could probably glide but not actively fly off the ground . The specimen , exceptionally preserved in a clay sediment , appears to be an adult . This dinosaur ate like a falcon Another fossil from about 150 million years ago , called Archaeopteryx , was previously considered the most primitive known bird . Godefroit said the newly discovered dinosaur throws that into question , as the new find appears to represent an even more primitive , older bird . Alan Turner , assistant professor of anatomical sciences at Stony Brook University in New York , who was not involved in the study , said in an e-mail that the find was "  a very interesting fossil discovery . " It demonstrates just how similar the earliest birds were to the earliest members of the dinosaur groups , dromaeosaurids and troodontids , Turner said . These groups are all theropods , small meat-eating dinosaurs that walked on two feet . Michigan cousins go after crayfish , hook a mastodon Because of how well-preserved and well-prepared the specimen is , it provides useful information about the creature 's evolutionary position and the changes that were taking place in the lineage that led to birds , he said . Still , Aurornis xui 's exact position in its family tree is likely not set in stone , he said . The relationships between the earliest bird species and their dinosaur relatives can change in subtle ways depending on the data set being used by particular groups of researchers . That means that species that were once called "  birds " can become considered "  troodontids , " or vice versa . The exact details are still being worked out , Turner said . "  That 's why new discoveries like Aurornis xui are both very exciting and frustrating because they often raise as many questions as they answer , " he said . More space and science news from CNN Light Years	New dinosaur species has been discovered in China The critter was only 51 centimeters -- about 20 inches -- long The newly discovered species is called Aurornis xui
Boko Haram kidnappers are still holding 187 girls captive more than a week after the Islamists abducted them from their dormitories in northeastern Nigeria , according to school and government officials . The figure is much higher than the one earlier released by authorities . "  A total of 230 parents registered the names of their daughters who were missing on the day of the kidnap , " said Asabe Kwambura , principal of the Government Girls Secondary School in the town of Chibok . "  From my records , 43 girls have so far escaped on their own from their kidnappers . We still have 187 girls missing , " the principal said . The school asked parents to come forward and register the names of their missing daughters a day after the April 14 kidnapping . Borno state government officials insisted only 129 girls were originally abducted from the school , and had said that 51 escaped . Isa Umar Gusau , the spokesman for Borno state 's governor , said the escape of seven more girls on Sunday reduced the number of girls in the custody of their Boko Haram abductors to 77 . Kwambura disputed Gusau 's claim of seven more escapes . "  I 'm not aware of any seven girls that escaped on Sunday , " the principal said . Borno state Education Commissioner Musa Inuwa Kubo confirmed the numbers released by Kwambura and sought to explain the discrepancies in figures provided by the government and the school . "  There was break in communication which resulted in a lack of coordination , as a result of which different figures were provided , " Kubo said . "  But the opening of a register ... provided an avenue where parents of missing children recorded the names of their daughters , which furnished us with a comprehensive list of girls taken away and those that were able to escape , " the commissioner added . Families becoming impatient In Chibok , angry parents are becoming impatient , accusing military and state authorities of playing politics with the lives and safety of their children . "  It is unfortunate that the kidnap of our girls is being politicized , with so many false claims by the military and the government , " said Chibok resident Haladu Sule . "  Parents and vigilantes have suspended searches for the kidnapped girls since Thursday and we are not aware of any military rescue operation going on , " Sule said , disputing claims that the military is conducting ongoing rescue operations . Enoch Mark , a father whose daughter and two nieces were among the kidnapped girls , also doubted the military 's claim . He and hundreds of other Chibok residents , as well as people from nearby villages , went into the forest on motorcycles on April 19 . They followed the tracks of the kidnappers up to Baale village , close to the camp where the girls were being held . During their nine-hour , 100-kilometer trek , they never saw a single soldier , Mark said . Villagers told them the gunmen had passed through "  and were camped with the girls in a creek some hundreds of meters outside the village . " Some of the girls had even been brought back to the village at gunpoint to fetch water . "  We were warned by residents of Baale not to proceed , saying they feared for our lives because our sticks and  outdated  guns were no match for the heavy arms of the Boko Haram gunmen , " he explained . "  The villagers warned us we would all be killed if we dared face the gunmen and would put the lives of our daughters in danger . We have therefore abandoned the search for our daughters since we know where they are but we do n't have the capacity to liberate them , " Mark added . Some managed to escape The father of a girl who escaped with two other girls from their abductors on April 16 also said they had been held at gunpoint . "  She told us that all the girls were gathered under trees in the forest under constant watch of gunmen , " said the father , who asked not to be named for security reasons . "  My daughter was among those selected by the kidnappers to cook food and she and two other girls cooking together came up with a plan . They told their kidnappers they needed to use the bathroom , " said the father . The girls ran off once they were out of view of their armed guards until they came across a village , where residents helped them get back to Chibok . Barnabas Yakubu , a Chibok resident , wondered why the government failed to act on information supplied by residents about the location of the Boko Haram camp near Baale village . But Kubo said the government and the military were "  doing everything possible " to secure the release of the schoolgirls . "  This is a delicate situation that requires careful handling , " Kubo said . "  When you have heavily armed men holding close to 200 girls hostage , you have to be very careful in your approach so as not to risk the safety of these girls you want to rescue . "  It is a security issue and we just ca n't be divulging all the efforts we are making to get these girls freed , " the education commissioner explained .	The girls were abducted from their dormitories in northeastern Nigeria on April 14 Some of the girls managed to escape their abductors Parents accuse military , state authorities of playing politics with the lives of their children
I have an uncle who has always been a robust and healthy guy . He drank a glass of skim milk every day , bragged about how many pull-ups he was doing and fit into pants he was wearing 20 years before . He did n't take a single medication and retired early . Given that he had no medical problems and ran his own business , he opted to go several years without health insurance . Eventually , when he turned 65 , he picked up Medicare . What happened next was a little strange . He fell off the wagon . He exercised only sporadically , and paid hardly any attention to what he was eating . One day , I saw him eat an entire bag of potato chips . He bemoaned the fact that he was forced to buy new , bigger pants , and he stopped drinking his milk . For him , becoming newly insured had nearly the opposite effect on him of what we doctors hope to achieve . He 'd become unhealthier . In many ways , my uncle was demonstrating a concept known as the moral hazard . Two economists wrote about this exact scenario in 2006 They found that many men , at the time they obtained Medicare , started behaving badly . Moral , or morale , hazard is a term largely used by economists to describe the actions of people more willing to take risks because they are insulated from the cost of their actions , in this case because of their recently obtained health insurance . In the case of these men , when they got Medicare , they took worse care of themselves ; they actually exercised less . Among those who did n't visit the doctor after getting insurance , the effect was dramatic : Their overall physical activity dropped by 40 % ; they were 16 % more likely to smoke cigarettes and 32 % more likely to drink alcohol . Even if that seems extreme , it 's still worth asking : Does health insurance make us healthier ? The past five years have seen a tumultuous battle over Obamacare , or the Affordable Care Act , culminating in the bitter recriminations this fall over lost policies and the disastrous launch of the HealthCare.gov website . When I interviewed Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius at the end of October , she downplayed the concerns and seemed certain the site would be up and running by the end of November . The website may be working better now , but to me that 's not the most important issue . In my mind , the real suspense comes from whether Obamacare will really make us a healthier America , even if it succeeds in its ambitions to dramatically expand coverage . A healthier America : That is the goal we should share as Americans , but access alone wo n't get us anywhere close . This past spring , the New England Journal of Medicine followed up on an important experiment in Oregon . The state created a remarkable strategy to do a minimal expansion of Medicaid . It decided to conduct random lottery drawings to allocate the limited spots . While it was controversial in its implementation , the situation was a goldmine for researchers . It offered something very rare in these types of studies : a unique opportunity for researchers to compare the newly insured to their highly similar counterparts , who remained uninsured . The results were surprising , and mostly disappointing . The newly insured Medicaid population did go to the doctor more often , used more preventive health services and received more medications . Problem was , in nearly every area , they were n't any healthier . The scientists sat down with more than 12,000 people and compared some of the most important health indicators . They found having insurance did not improve measures of blood pressure , cholesterol or how well diabetics controlled their blood sugar . Furthermore , the 10-year risk of having a heart attack did n't change in those who had Medicaid . It was n't at all what the proponents of universal access to health insurance hoped they would see . The results remind me of a column I wrote a few years ago , shortly after my own marriage . It seemed like a good time to explore the question of whether marriage was in fact good for one 's health . I spent a fair amount of time researching the topic and one of the experts I interviewed gave me an answer I have never forgotten : Marriage is good for your health  long pause  ... as long as it 's a good marriage . It was a terrific answer , and a metaphor for so many aspects of our lives . As you might imagine , I had quite a bit of fun with that article on marriage , but it taught an important lesson . There is almost always a second beat to any story . Being married all by itself is n't necessarily good or bad for your health . It was the effort required to make it a good or bad marriage that made up the entire difference . The same can be said about health insurance . In this case , I do n't mean that "  good " or "  bad " insurance is the critical factor , but that health insurance alone does n't lead to better health . None of this works unless we all take personal responsibility , and hold ourselves accountable . To be clear , there will always be some baseline benefit to being insured versus not being insured , even if you account for the moral hazard . A major Institute of Medicine report in 2009 found that uninsured adults are more likely to be diagnosed at an advanced stage of cancer , more likely to die from a heart attack and less likely to recover from a serious injury . Even in Oregon , the newly insured enjoyed some benefits . For example , they were nearly a third less likely to suffer from depression , perhaps because they had more peace of mind from being insured . And there were significant benefits in nonmedical areas : Whereas more than 5 % of the uninsured faced "  catastrophic " medical expenses in a year -- defined as greater than 30 % of their income -- those catastrophic expenses were virtually eliminated in the group on Medicaid . But strictly in terms of health , insurance , like marriage , does n't guarantee good health . After all , I am sure you can think of people right now who have terrific health insurance and terrible health . It seems the benefits pale in comparison to what we can gain with a few simple personal decisions about our health . A good example comes from a study in the journal Circulation . Researchers estimated that if all Americans exercised 30 minutes a day , we would reduce the number of cardiovascular events -- heart attacks and strokes -- by a third . A third ! Just 30 minutes a day , and suddenly we are starting to get serious about a more healthy America . You can break up the exercise into 10-minute chunks , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , and you do n't even have to knock yourself out . Just go hard enough that your breathing is slightly labored , enough that it would keep you from singing if you suddenly got the urge . Problem is that as things stand now , only half of us , at most , exercise that much . While we are fond of comparing ourselves to France , a place that was ranked as having the best overall health care system in 2000 , according to the World Health Organization , there 's a huge difference between the United States and France that has little to do with the health care safety net . We Americans are three times as likely to be obese as the average French person -- and obesity is related to just about every chronic disease imaginable . I think about this all the time , and here is what I tell my own patients . It is time to stop merely playing defense when it comes to your health , and time to start optimizing yourself . Yes , of course we are desperate to stamp out disease when it occurs , but we are more desperate for those diseases to never occur in the first place . I say that as a neurosurgeon , someone who is often called in to extinguish the brightest of fires . I also say this , however , as a 44-year-old dad who wants to be around for a long time . I have been fortunate to have always had health insurance , but a few years ago , I decided to strive for something more . I wanted to optimize myself . I wanted to be the best that I could possibly be , instead of waiting around for the seemingly inevitable diagnosis of heart disease or diabetes . I found that it was n't that hard . I became diligent about breaking a sweat every day . I made it as important as a meeting with my boss or a dinner date with my wife . Also , as a student of neuroscience , I know the brain is n't particularly good at distinguishing thirst and hunger ; so most people eat when they should drink . As a result we walk around overstuffed and dehydrated . Drinking fluids all day long has cut my calorie consumption by a third . Studies of the mind-body connection also remind us that it takes about 15-20 minutes for the brain to know the stomach is full . Stop eating when you are 80 % full , and you will likely take in the right number of calories . The Japanese call it hara hachi bu . To help , we use smaller plates in our home to trick the brain into believing we are eating more . We eat meat occasionally , but no longer serve it in our home . I eat seven different colored foods a day , and try to buy locally grown vegetables whenever I can . These are simple strategies that have made me biologically younger than I was nearly five years ago . At 44 , I have the biological age of someone in his mid-30s . It is true that the American Medical Association supports the aspects of Obamacare that expand insurance coverage , as do many others in the medical community , even if they are n't convinced that it will reliably lead to better health . It appeals to a sense of justice , and a desire to prevent the awful situation of people being turned away when they need help the most . But , as we follow the story of Obamacare over the coming years , it 's important to understand and agree on the true measure of success . As a doctor , I think a healthier America is the rallying cry we can all get behind . We have had a rocky , yet still vitally important start , but the point is that access to health care insurance is not nearly enough . If we are serious about a more healthy America , the real change starts in each and every one of us , and it 's not that hard to do .	Sanjay Gupta : Moral hazard causes some to neglect health when they get health insurance He says Obamacare alone wo n't guarantee good health ; personal habits must do that He says research shows 30 minutes of daily exercise cuts heart attack , stroke risk by a third Gupta : It 's time to stop playing defense on your health ; instead , start optimizing it yourself
CNN  -- Caroline Mickey was sure of several things . She knew she was going to marry Jon Balajthy . She knew she wanted to be a nurse . And she knew she and Balajthy were seriously overweight . Mickey , 22 , and Balajthy , 23 , met in middle school band class . She played the clarinet , he the tenor saxophone . "  He got pretty overweight in the fourth grade , and I got chubby in the seventh , " Mickey recalled . But the real weight gain began after high school . The couple started a long-distance relationship when Mickey went to Lock Haven University in their home state of Pennsylvania and Balajthy attended the University of Maryland . "  It sucked , " Mickey said . "  I was lonely in college , and I missed him . So there was a lot of emotional eating . " Having a college meal plan also did n't help . Mickey feasted on buffet-style meals for breakfast , lunch and dinner . "  It was very much a serve-yourself pasta bar , make-your-own pizza dining hall , and breakfasts were always make-your-own waffles , topped off with everything terrible . " At his campus , Balajthy also developed bad eating habits such as finishing off a box of Entenmann 's pastries in one sitting . He periodically ate calorie-dense dishes such as his favorite meal : pasta with vodka sauce . "  I was on track to some serious health issues , " Balajthy said . "  First , being heavy takes a toll on your body . My back always hurt , and I could n't do much because I was always hurting . It does n't take much to get diabetes and heart disease . " From freshman year to the end of college , Mickey 's pant size stretched from a size 12 to 18 , her largest fit . At graduation , she weighed 235 pounds , standing at 5 feet 7 inches ; Balajthy was 325 pounds at 5 feet 8 inches . The couple got a place together shortly after graduation . They did n't fully acknowledge how big they had gotten , but their families started giving them subtle hints to lose weight . "  Weight is a touchy subject to address , " Mickey said . "  Jon 's mom sent him a care package with an exercise ball in it . She did n't tell me to lose weight because I am not her daughter , but I know she wanted me to be healthy . " Once Mickey enrolled in nursing school at Marymount University in Arlington , Virginia , she could n't ignore their weight any longer , especially after learning about diabetes , heart disease and obesity the first semester . She practiced measuring blood pressure at home and tested Balajthy , only to discover he had hypertension . That 's when the eating out , snack foods and indulgent meals stopped , and the couple of eight years seriously looked into getting fit . Mickey dumped all the calorie-rich food in their kitchen in a trash bag . "  I threw out the full-fat ice cream , chips , cookies , just everything in the house . Even the old Halloween candy , " she said . Deciding to work out together , the two went jogging for one mile around a lake near their home . "  We were so out of shape at first that we usually had to walk around it , " Mickey recalled . But the exhaustion only inspired them to stick with their goals . They enrolled at Planet Fitness , a gym near home . For the first three months , all they did was cardio , exercising on machines such as the elliptical and treadmill for half an hour . They also started calorie counting . In the first month , Mickey dropped 10 pounds -- an instant boost of confidence . "  I never tried to run or go to the gym until we started losing weight together , " she said . Balajthy agreed . "  It 's amazing how easy it was after we started . I realized I liked going to the gym , and there was never a time that I thought , ` I 'm having a miserable time . ' " Within three months , the duo had lost enough weight to make a big impression at a family reunion in Pennsylvania . Some relatives had n't seen them since college graduation . "  We did n't tell anyone that we started to work out , " Mickey said . "  So the reactions were intense and funny because we saw our family with 50 pounds less on us . " For the first time , Mickey dared to wear a bikini . "  Even when I was little I had to wear tankinis , " she said . Now people called her the "  ever-shrinking woman . " After eight months , Mickey and Balajthy are down to 145 and 195 pounds , respectively . Their workouts have changed , too ; they do 30 minutes of cardio and 30 minutes of weight training four to five times a week . They 're working on toning up and being active , which means fitness does n't stop at the gym . Balajthy bikes to the University of Maryland , where he is a doctoral candidate in physics . The couple take their dog on runs or play tennis in the evenings . On the weekends , they go on hiking trips , excursions Mickey always dreamed of doing when she was heavier . Now they 're hiking 20 miles while carrying 40-pound packs . Staying active has been a plus for Balajthy , who said he 's always been a boredom eater . "  I would watch TV with a bag of chips and finish it off . " There are no chips at home anymore . Besides counting calories , the pair started cooking more . Their dinners usually consist of skinless chicken breasts or fish with a veggie side such as broccoli or green beans and a salad . "  We even use yogurt dressing and do n't have a lot of carbohydrates for dinner , " Mickey said . "  Jon 's mother used to serve dinner rolls , but we do n't eat bread and butter anymore because there are a million little things you can do to keep the weight off . " They enjoy eating out though and occasionally treat themselves to Thai , a favorite for Balajthy . In the end , the couple said there were no hidden secrets to losing weight . "  If you just go outside and do little things , like exercise and eating healthy , it works , " Mickey said . But they said the key was working out together . "  Working out with Caroline has kept me on track . I was n't driven to lose weight and did n't think I could , " Balajthy said . Now they are happy with their weight , Mickey said she is looking forward to trying on wedding dresses and starting their life together as a married couple . Have you lost weight ? Submit your story to iReport .	Caroline Mickey and Jon Balajthy dropped 90 and 130 pounds , respectively When losing weight , they cleared their kitchen of all calorie-rich foods By working out together , the couple made gym visits a daily routine To maintain their weight loss , they integrated more activities into their lifestyle
CNN  -- Ahdaf Soueif is n't in one place for long . She has spent the last month touring India and Australia , and is back in her native Egypt for a few days before heading to London . She is in demand for speaking engagements , particularly at literary festivals , to help the world understand political events in Egypt , still in turmoil more than two years after its revolution . Soueif , 62 , is a Booker-shortlisted author and political commentator whose most recent book "  Cairo : My City , Our Revolution " gives a personal account of her involvement with the protests in January 2011 that led to the downfall of former president Hosni Mubarak . Soueif is not one for commentating from a safe distance . On the day before we speak , she has yet again joined protesters on the streets of Cairo . "  I came straight from the airport to the streets , " she said . On January 25 , 2011 , when hundreds of thousands of protests began flooding into Tahrir Square in Cairo , Soueif was at a literary festival in Jaipur , India . "  I did my final event and then went sightseeing and shopping in Jaipur , " she said . "  When I got back to my hotel I had I do n't know how many messages , so I turned on the TV and saw what was happening in Tahrir Square . " She had been planning to spend another 10 days in India , but instead got the first flight back to Cairo to join the demonstrations . In her book , Soueif describes euphoria in joining the demonstrations with her two young nieces . "  It was grassroots , millions of people walking out , " she said . "  It was amazing and totally inclusive . " For Soueif , the revolution that began in January 2011 is still a work in progress , because despite free presidential elections in June 2012 , there have not been the changes in social justice that many were hoping for . Despite the setbacks and continuing violence , Soueif is adamant the country is better off than it was before 2011 . "  I 'm very optimistic , " she said . "  The change that has happened in people was huge . People have broken free and expressed what they want . " Soueif said she joins protesters on the streets of Cairo two or three times a week when she is not traveling the globe on speaking engagements . "  It gets tiring , but at the same time it 's re-energizing because there 's a tremendous positive energy flowing , " she said . "  It reminds you what it 's all about and of the determination of people . " Soueif was born in Cairo to intellectual parents and spent her childhood between the United Kingdom and Egypt . She studied English literature at university in Cairo before researching a PhD in Britain . She married the late British poet Ian Hamilton , with whom she had two sons , Omar Robert Hamilton and Ismail Richard Hamilton . Soueif has written two novels , several collections of short stories , a book of essays and edited a hefty tome an Islamic art . Her second novel "  The Map of Love " in 1993 made her the first Muslim woman to be shortlisted for the Booker Prize . "  What it meant to me was n't just about being the first Muslim woman or Arab , it was just great as a writer to make an impact , " she said . "  Map of Love " was translated into 28 languages , with the Arabic translation by her own mother . "  It was a tremendous privilege to work with her . She was incredible , " said Soueif . "  We had some rows to begin with along the lines of ` whose book is it anyway ? ' , but it was a very rich experience . "  I still remember the times when we would sit and mull over the right translation for a certain expression for hours . " In recent years , Soueif has been too busy as a columnist and commentator to write fiction , although hopes to write another novel when she can find time . Last year she was listed by Arabian Business magazine among its 100 most powerful Arab women . She is currently working on her own Arabic translation of her Cairo book , but is struggling to find time in her busy schedule . "  If I get two clear hours , that 's what I work on , " she said . Ahdaf Soueif will be appearing at the Women of the World Festival at London 's Southbank Centre from March 8-10 .	Ahdaf Soueif was the first Muslim woman to be shortlisted for the Booker Prize Her most recent book "  Cairo : My City , Our Revolution " was a personal account of the Egyptian revolution Souief will be in London this weekend for Women of the World Festival
Turkey , a key U.S. ally and a NATO member that borders the territory captured by ISIS , which now calls itself the Islamic State , in Syria and Iraq , could play a critical role in the U.S.-led military assault against the jihadist group . Ankara has the second-largest army in NATO and hosts an American airbase . Turkish forces could participate in the U.S.-led bombing , or Ankara could allow the United States to use the Incirlik airbase in southern Turkey to stage the attacks . But Turkey prefers to play a secondary role . Citing its concern over the fate of 49 hostages who were captured by ISIS when the group seized Mosul in June , it limited its role to stemming the flow of foreign fighters , tightening border security , and cracking down on ISIS 's oil-smuggling networks . The hostages were released over the weekend following what Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan described as a "  covert rescue operation . " Now that the Turkish government 's thorny dilemma has been resolved , will Ankara change its stance ? To the delight of its Western allies , Turkey signaled a possible change in policy on Tuesday when Erdogan said "  Ankara could give military or logistical support to U.S.-led air strikes against Islamic State insurgents in Syria . " But the Turkish president 's change in tone is more likely to be , not a change of heart , but rather an attempt to allay international criticism that has been mounting since U.S. President Barack Obama laid out his strategy to fight ISIS . The release of the hostages might have removed a major obstacle to Turkey 's playing a frontline role in the U.S.-led anti-ISIS coalition , but there are many more . Ankara and Washington have different priorities in the conflict . Washington is primarily concerned about the rise of ISIS and views the conflict through the lens of counter-terrorism . Hit hard by the ongoing civil war in Syria , Turkey sees ISIS as a symptom of the brutality of an illegitimate regime in its neighboring country that has posed Ankara far greater challenges . The Syrian civil war has dealt a blow to Turkey 's image as a regional superpower that mediates regional conflicts and pursues a non-sectarian foreign policy . Turkey hosts more than 1.2 million Syrian refugees -LSB- UNHCR now believes there are more than 1.5 million refugees -RSB- , which incurs not only financial costs but also presents political dilemmas for the Turkish government in addressing the ethnic and sectarian balance within its own society . For Turkey the most dangerous fallout of the Syrian civil war has been the resurgence of the Kurdistan Workers ' Party  PKK  . In retaliation for Turkey 's support for the Syrian opposition , al-Assad gave a free hand to the Democratic Union Party  PYD  , the Syrian offshoot of the PKK based in northern Syria , by allowing it to operate unencumbered , recruit new fighters for its campaign against Turkey , and undertake a pseudo-governmental role in Kurdish regions of Syria . The backbone of Turkey 's Syria policy has been to ignore ISIS because it has been waging war against the Kurdish group in northern Syria . Turkey believes that fighting the Assad regime is more important than the narrow counter-terrorism mission that President Obama has in mind . A military attack against ISIS is likely to strengthen not only Assad 's but also the PYD 's hand . To Erdogan , a strong advocate of regime change , anything short of al-Assad 's ouster carries the risk of further weakening Turkey domestically and regionally and fueling extremism . There is also a deep-seated lack of trust in a long-term U.S. commitment to the resolution of the conflicts in Iraq and Syria that has kept Turkey from playing a frontline role in the coalition against ISIS . Enmeshed in a three-decade-long fight against the PKK , Turkey knows all too well that countering ISIS calls for long-term international commitment and cooperation . Ankara does not want to render itself even more vulnerable to ISIS attacks without an assurance from the United States that it will not leave Turkey in the lurch . Domestic and regional public opinion is another point of concern . Turkish public opinion has always been skeptical of U.S. involvement in Turkey and the Middle East . Therefore , Turkey has historically been wary of allowing the United States to carry out military operations from the U.S. airbase in Incirlik . Taking an active military role in a U.S.-led military strike against a Sunni entity is likely to draw criticism from the people of the region as well . Turkey 's image as an independent actor that is looking after its own interests and willing to defy Western powers if necessary has won Ankara favorable notice in the Arab world . The Turkish parliament 's refusal to allow the United States to station troops on Turkish soil to open a second front against Iraq in 2003 challenged Turkey 's old image as an American stooge and increased Turkey 's credibility on the Arab street . The Turkish government does not want to deal a blow to its regional image by taking part in another Western-led military operation in a Muslim country . Hemmed in by these constraints , Turkey seems unlikely to take an active military role in the strikes against ISIS unless the United States shifts its policy to effect regime change in Syria . Until then , Turkey will focus its diplomatic energy on convincing its allies at the U.N. to set up a buffer zone along its border with Syria .	Turkey could play a key role in the U.S.-led military assault against ISIS , writes Gnl Tol Ankara has the second-largest army in NATO and hosts an American airbase , he says But Turkey prefers to play a secondary role , he writes Tol : Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan signaled a possible change in policy
JAKARTA , Indonesia  CNN  -- The bodies of two of the three men executed for the deadly bombing of two nightclubs in Bali , Indonesia , were returned to their village Sunday . Balinese relatives of Bali bombing victims pray in the resort island on Sunday following the executions . At least one police officer was injured by "  pushing and shoving " between police and funeral-goers as the bodies of two executed brothers were returned to their families in Tenggulun . It was unclear where the body of the third executed bomber was . Hundreds of police were in Tenggulun and Serang , cities in East and West Java province respectively , where supporters awaited the bodies , The Associated Press reported . Early Sunday , the three convicted bombers were executed by firing squad . Imam Samudra , Amrozi bin Nurhasyim and his brother Mukhlas , who is also known as Ali Ghufron , were executed at 12:15 a.m. at Nusa Kampangan prison , said Jasman Panjaitan , a spokesman for Indonesia 's attorney-general . Autopsies were performed the men before the bodies were turned over to their families , Panjaitan said . Burial was to take place within 24 hours , per Muslim tradition . The deadly bombing ripped through two popular nightclubs in Kuta , on the Indonesian resort island of Bali , in October 2002 . The blasts killed 202 people -- more than half foreign tourists -- and injured more than 300 . Dozens of victims were burned beyond recognition or blown to pieces by the massive blasts . Watch CNN 's Dan Rivers report from Indonesia " Among the dead were 88 Australians , 28 Britons and eight Americans , The Associated Press reported . Peter Hughes , 48 , who survived the bombings , said news of the executions took him back to "  the actual moment " when the first bomb went off . "  We had to fight for our life pretty hard back then , and it 's a been a struggle every day since , " Hughes said . More than half of his body was burned , and he had horrific cuts , he said . He said it took two years to recover from his injuries . "  I guess I 'm truly lucky , " he said . "  But you know , the scars on the outside to me are n't so bad , but it 's what 's on the inside . You cope -LSB- with -RSB- it mentally , and I guess that 's the worst scar of all . "  You 're living that every day . And every day you 're actually going through it . It 's just a battle , " he said . "  These three bombers who have been executed , it 's all over for them now , but I have to get up tomorrow and do exactly the same thing . " Authorities blame the attacks on the al Qaeda-linked Jemaah Islamiyah , which aims to create a Muslim "  superstate " across much of Southeast Asia . Amrozi 's and Mukhlas ' brother , Ja ` far Shodeq , said he still believes that his siblings were innocent . He claimed that Amrozi was in their hometown , Tenggulun , the night of the attack watching football , despite Amrozi 's admission to CNN that he bought the explosive ingredients and the van used in the attack . "  It 's been a long journey , and it 's been six long years for this to work its way through the Indonesian judicial system , but it 's a good day because at least justice has been delivered , and the three people who were most responsible for this truly horrific atrocity have finally met the fate that they deserve , " said Sananand Dhume , author of "  My Friend the Fanatic : Travels with an Indonesian Islamist . " The men showed neither fear nor remorse in recent interviews with CNN . They had asked to be beheaded , saying it was the Islamic way of execution , but the execution was accomplished by firing squad . A lawyer for the men said he sent a letter to the president of Indonesia but would not say what the letter said . Speculation had grown in recent days that the executions were imminent when graves were dug in Tenggulun , in Indonesia 's East Java province . One grave was dug this week for the brothers in the same cemetery where their father is buried . On Saturday , Amrozi 's two wives and daughter , his brother 's two wives and the men 's brothers traveled to Nusakambangan Prison in central Java , where the men were executed , according to Antara , the national news agency of Indonesia . The agency quoted Abu Sholeh , head of the village of Tenggulun . Hundreds of members of hardline Muslim groups have arrived in the village . Some threaten revenge and say others will take the place of Amrozi and Mukhlas . Maria Kotronakis of Sydney , Australia , whose two sisters were killed , said she was angry that the men never showed remorse , but with the executions , "  justice has been served . " "  By executing them , the Indonesian government has said , ` No terrorists allowed , ' " she added . Copyright 2008 CNN . All rights reserved.This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed . Associated Press contributed to this report .	NEW : Bodies of two executed bombers return Sunday to home village Brothers , third man executed by firing squad at Indonesian prison 2002 bombings killed 202 , many of them Australians vacationing in Kuta Hundreds of members of hardline Muslim groups plan protest
CNN  -- British explorer Ed Stafford finished his two-year , 4,000-mile trek along the Amazon River on Monday , completing a feat never before accomplished , his publicist said . The hike , which he started at Camana , Peru , on April 2 , 2008 , ended Monday at Maruda Beach , Brazil . Four months after he started , he was joined by Peruvian forestry worker Gadiel "  Cho " Sanchez Rivera . Sanchez intended only to guide Stafford for five days through a dangerous area near Satipo , Peru , but stayed to the end of the expedition . The 859-day journey took Stafford through three countries and a place in his body and soul he never imagined . "  I 'm more tired and more elated than I 've ever been in my life , " Stafford said in a release . "  We 've lived through some very serious situations and there have been times when we genuinely feared for our lives , but we never ever thought of giving up . The fact that everyone told us it was impossible spurred us on . "  At first it was terrifying but it 's changed in our eyes during the expedition and a place that was once mysterious and dangerous to us is now a place where we feel safe . We 've never had more relaxed evenings than when we sit in the middle of the jungle alone around the campfire . It 's not a scary place for us now ; it 's beautiful ; we 've fallen in love with it and it feels like home . " Despite collapsing from exhaustion on a roadside Sunday morning , Stafford had been confident he would finish in time Monday to catch a scheduled flight home to Leicestershire , England . "  Feeling much better , " he wrote in a blog post from northeastern Brazil on Sunday , after catching three hours of sleep . " ... will walk all night from now to complete the remaining 85 kilometres . " It 's the kind of fortitude that Stafford has summoned time and again since setting out from the Amazon 's River source to raise international attention about rain-forest destruction and to help raise funds to combat it . Along the epic trek , the two men encountered pit vipers , electric eels , anaconda , mosquitoes and scorpions , but very few doubts about whether they 'd reach the Atlantic . "  After grabbing something to eat , and replying to emails I finally got my head down at 1:27 am , " Stafford wrote in a piece for CNN.com last week , after hiking for 15 straight hours . "  We 've never walked 55km in a day before so we are satisfied with what we 've achieved , if a little stiff . " Stafford 's mother , Barbara , said Monday she did not spend "  an awful lot " of time worrying about her son . "  I only got hear about the bad stuff that had happened only after it had happened , " she told CNN . "  I ca n't say there was ever a second when I thought he would n't make it unless something dire happened . " Stafford , a former British army captain , and his hiking buddy have seen their share of setbacks . Stafford contracted cutaneous leishmaniasis , a skin disease , and had to have a botfly removed from his skull . Sanchez suffered a nasty machete cut . But their biggest challenges were far less dramatic . "  Although everyone would like me to say that the hardest thing has been our encounters with  indigenous residents  pointing bows and arrows at our chest , for me that was n't the hardest part , " Stafford told CNN last month . "  The adrenalin kicks in and you deal with exciting , potentially dangerous moments like that easily . " "  It 's been the mundane that had really challenged me , " he said . "  The weight of the rucksack , the basic food , the constant mosquito bites , the constant thorns . The little things that in a two-day expedition would n't bother you have been the things that have actually been challenging . " The greatest pleasures of the journey , Stafford said , have been the warmth of the Brazilian people , with village children frequently welcoming him and Sanchez to new towns and their parents offering home-cooked meals . Having never visited the Amazon before starting his expedition , Stafford says his quest to save the region wo n't end with his hike . "  I 'm committed now to this place for the rest of my life , " he wrote on CNN.com this month , "  and I intend to take ` Walking the Amazon ' around the world and keep alive the stories of the people we 've met along the way , the lives in the Amazon and the tale of the jungle . " Though he says that deforestation means the Amazon "  is changing faster than many of us can comprehend , " Stafford has also found reasons to be hopeful about its survival while hiking . "  Although  deforestation  is still going on in the moment , " he told CNN , "  there 's a generation coming through Brazil that are very aware of environmental issues and really do care about the Amazon . " As he closed in on the Amazon 's mouth , Stafford found time to nurse less lofty desires . He said the first thing he 'll do after touching down in England is grab a pint of beer . And his Peruvian partner , he says , ca n't wait for a pint of fresh milk . Back in England , Stafford 's mother told CNN she will fix him a favorite meal when he gets back -- shepherd 's pie .	NEW : Ed Stafford said he 's "  more tired and more elated " than ever in his life NEW : His mother says she never doubted he would finish Stafford set out to become the first person to walk all of the river 's roughly 4,000 miles He 's hoping to raise international awareness about deforestation
CNN  -- Defending champion Jelena Jankovic will face fellow Serbian player Ana Ivanovic in the last 16 at Indian Wells , after both eased through the third round . World No. 6 Jankovic defeated 32nd-ranked Julia Goerges of Germany 6-2 6-4 on Sunday , while 19th-ranked Ivanovic eased past Czech Barbora Zahlavova Strycova 6-2 6-2 . When they meet in Tuesday 's fourth round , it will be the 10th time the two former world No. 1 's have played each other on the WTA Tour . The 23-year-old Ivanovic -- winner at Indian Wells in 2008 -- leads the head to head 6-3 , but Jankovic has claimed victory in their last two meetings . "  I just want to continue to play my tennis and really focus on my game and not really worry about my opponent who is across other side of the net , " 26-year-old Jankovic told the official WTA Tour website . "  It 's gon na be another match , and I just want to play . I want to enjoy my tennis like I 've been doing . " World No. 2 Kim Clijsters was knocked out of the tournament in the third round in 2010 , and almost suffered the same feat this year as she dropped the second set to Italy 's Sara Errani . After throwing away four consecutive service games to allow the world No. 40 to level the game at one set all , the Belgian bounced back in the decider to win 6-3 2-6 6-4 . "  I was still able to win without being close to coming to my best level , " Clijsters said . "  That 's the positive thing . I also know that for my next match everything will have to be a lot better . " The Australian Open champion will face 15th-ranked Marion Bartoli of France for a place in the last eight , after the former Wimbledon finalist defeated Andrea Petkovic of Germany 6-4 6-2 . Reigning French Open champion and world No. 5 Francesca Schiavone was not troubled in her 6-2 6-3 win over French qualifier Alize Cornet and will next play Israel 's Shahar Peer , after the world no. 12 battled past Russia 's Anastasia Pavlyuchenkova 2-6 6-3 7-5 . However , world No. 3 and 2010 Wimbledon and U.S. Open finalist Vera Zvonareva did not make the fourth round , after the Russian was beaten by Dominika Cibulkova of Slovakia 5-7 7-6  4  6-4 .	Serbian duo Jelena Jankovic and Ana Ivanovic will play for a place in quarterfinals The former world No. 1 's both won third round matches at Indian Wells in straight sets Oz Open champion Kim Clijsters progresses despite dropping second set to Sara Errani World No. 3 Vera Zvonareva is knocked out by Slovakia 's Dominika Cibulkova
London  CNN  -- Writing almost a century after the Acts of Union joined Scotland with England , and 50 years since its Jacobite uprisings were brutally supressed , the bard Robert Burns bemoaned the real reason behind his nation 's loss of independence : money and its ability to sway the vote . "  The English steel we could disdain , Secure in valor 's station ; But English gold has been our bane , Such a parcel of rogues in a nation ! " Two world wars and countless upheavals have come to pass since , with Scotland standing valiantly -- if sometimes uneasily -- alongside the rest of the United Kingdom . Yet one question has never ceased to prey upon its people 's psyche : would Scotland be better off on its own ? And what would have happened had its own parliament , which Burns so bitterly berates , not condoned a merger between the two famous foes ? On 18 September , some 300 years after that fateful marriage , the people of Scotland -- not England , Wales or Northern Ireland -- will finally have their chance to reverse that move in a ground-breaking referendum . And , once again , finances are likely to play a significant role . With a population less than a tenth the size of the UK 's and a GDP worth a quarter of a trillion dollars , Scotland 's inhabitants are relatively comfortable in comparison to many of their neighbors across the border . Scotland enjoys its own legal and education systems , as well as more generous healthcare provisions than England . It has its own parliament in Edinburgh and Scottish MPs can represent their constituencies in Westminster too , which in effect gives Scotland two voices in one home nation . Still , the ruling Scottish National Party believes that Scotland should be separate ; that its foundations are not only sturdy enough to support an independent state , but also to nurture a new tiger economy in northern Europe , as Burns may well have enthused . How so ? Because independence , the SNP argues , would give Scotland leeway to cut taxes and to lift those in need out of poverty . It would reduce the country 's share of the UK 's debt burden and bring back skills and manufacturing eroded by Margaret Thatcher 's deeply divisive policies there three decades ago . What 's more , with Britain often challenging its European neighbors on policy , Scotland would like its own dialogue with the international community , saying it aims to join the United Nations and NATO should independence be won . A noble cause for sure . But just like Burns 's famous poetry , the plot is rich in idealism and light on practicalities , for many of Scotland 's pro-independence arguments are based on the assumption that it would be granted automatic membership to a few key clubs without having to wait in line . One is the Bank of England , the other the European Union , and neither is sending Scotland a welcome message . Britain 's chancellor recently ruled out allowing an independent Scotland into a shared monetary union . This means that if the nation were to keep the pound as its currency , Scotland would have no control over interest rates and no central bank to bail out its large financial services sector . And for those pro-independence Scots who thought adopting the euro could be a solution , European Commission President Jose Manuel Barroso appears to have scotched those plans as well , asserting Scotland would have to go through the whole rigmarole of EU accession first and may find its path blocked by existing member states , fearful of their own separatist movements like Spain . Whether Barroso is right , or as some former EU officials have declared , wrong , the roadmap for Scotland 's independent state after a potential "  yes " vote is so convoluted that some of the country 's biggest businesses have already begun to draw up contingency plans . Standard Life , with more funds under management than the size of Scotland 's entire economy , has become the first major firm to consider upping sticks and heading south should the sovereignty of its homeland be restored , in an action that could put 5,000 jobs under threat . Burns was right in saying gold was key to his country 's future . But today "  black gold " also comes into the equation . After years of alleged shoddy stewardship of Scotland 's oil and gas reserves by Britain 's central government , pro-independence campaigners reckon the country would be more effective at managing its own resources , keeping profits in a windfall fund that could be used to top up the budget where necessary . The UK prime minister David Cameron , however , is adamant those offshore wells would be best served by the "  broad shoulders " of Britain and to prove the point he 's committing money -- some 300 millions of dollars of it -- to recover 4 billion barrels lost in production . But let 's not cry over spilled oil for Scotland ! There 's plenty at stake for the rest of the UK should Scotland choose to go it alone . And while the referendum has been presented as a binary choice , it 's not a zero-sum game . The dissolution of the Union would have a profound effect on the both parties ' clout on the world stage at a time when the EU is seeking a major free trade deal with the United States . As if to underline this very point , the German Chancellor Angela Merkel chose to speak of the role " a strong United Kingdom " should play in Europe in her state visit to the country . Surrendering large swathes of Scottish industry would make a mockery of Britain 's plans to double its exports -- many of which coincidentally are headed for Germany -- to 1.6 trillion dollars by 2020 and throw businesses with branches on both sides of the boundary into disarray . So , if it 's fair to say pro-independence Scots are not too clear on why their realm would be more prosperous alone , why continue to fight for freedom ? Scottish separatism has as much to do with protecting the region 's ancient cultural history and reviving auld allies as it does with managing the country 's books . And an independent Scotland could affect the UK 's entire defense strategy , opening up an unpredictable flank at its northern extremity in the very place where Britain currently houses its nuclear deterrent . The web of interests , at times , seems so interminable and the complexities surrounding Scotland 's choice so hard to grasp that even the country 's own politicians are now weary of talking in hypotheticals , not to mention the 16-year-olds who have been granted suffrage just in time . The truth is the fortunes of Scotland and England are now woven together more tightly than the finest Campbell Tartan . And when it comes to Scotland and its role within the UK , it 's the trade ties that bind , even if the talk risks tearing them apart . More from Nina dos Santos : Matteo Renzi , the football fan mayor taking on Italy 's elite More from Nina dos Santos : Is greed really good or will money be the end of us ?	One question has never ceased to prey upon the Scottish people 's psyche : would the country be better off on its own ? Nina dos Santos explores the complex relationship between Scotland and the rest of the United Kingdom She finds that while Scotland might want to split away , the complexities of such a move are extreme
KAMPALA , Uganda  CNN  -- At least four people have been killed in two days of rioting in Uganda 's capital after radio broadcasts encouraged listeners to violently take to the streets against the government , officials said Friday . Residents of the Kasubi suburb , west of Kampala , try to flee from violence as a soldier takes photos . The rioters heard "  sectarian " broadcasts on Thursday that "  systematically incited the listeners to cause chaos and destruction wherever they could , " said a statement issued by Minister of Information and National Guidance Kabakumba Masiko . It described those who took part in the rioting in Kampala and its suburbs as "  marauding thugs . " The broadcasts aired in the Buganda Kingdom , said police spokeswoman Judith Nabakooba . Ethnic and political tension between the kingdom and the central government had been escalating over the past few weeks . Police and army officers were injured and police-owned property also was damaged along with other vehicles and shops , said the nation 's police chief , Maj. Gen. Kale Kayihura . In Natete-Ndeba , a southwest suburb , a police station was looted of its ammunition and prisoners set free before rioters burned the prison , Nabakooba said . A curfew has been declared in the suburb , and in Kampala the army is providing support to police , said Kayihura . A doctor at a Kampala hospital said more than 50 people had sought care there , most with broken bones , but others had cuts and gunshot wounds . About 60 people were arrested in Kampala , but arrest totals in the surrounding areas were not available , Nabakooba said . Four radio stations were ordered shut down , Masiko said . Many of the rioters were Baganda between the ages of 18 and 35 , Nabakooba said . The Baganda are Uganda 's dominant ethnic group , making up about 16.9 percent of the population , according to The CIA World Factbook . The kingdom is one of the oldest monarchies in Africa . The people live mostly in central Uganda and along the shoreline of Lake Victoria . Tension between the Buganda Kingdom , headed by King Ronald Muwenda Mutebi II , and Uganda President Yoweri Museveni had been increasing recently over land laws , sovereignty and political power , issues over which the two sides have been in talks for years . The Uganda government sees Mutebi as a traditional leader only and does not allow him to participate in politics . Further estranging the two is a breakaway faction of the Buganda Kingdom , the Banyala . Some interpreted police forces ' breaking up a group of Baganda amid preparations for festivities as support for the Banyala , especially after a Banyala demonstration opposing the Buganda Kingdom prompted no police action . It is unclear why the police broke up the Baganda group earlier in the week . Riots broke out after the incident , and again when radio announcers pushed Baganda to take to the streets again . Museveni said in a broadcast statement that he tried to contact Mutebi to discuss the issue as "  mature people " but he could not reach him on the phone . The president also said that he had intelligence reports showing that the Buganda Kingdom has received foreign funding to carry out a hate campaign against the government . Asians , mostly of Indian origin , suffered severe losses when their business were attacked and looted , Nabakooba said . Although officials said the broadcasts encouraged listeners to put into action their contempt for the government , during such outbreaks of violence Asians are often targeted . Some view Asians as being most protected by the government because of special holidays or tax benefits they may get . In addition , reports of Asians mistreating natives have fueled tension between the groups . None of the four people killed were Asian or of Asian descent , Nabakooba said , but in the northern suburb of Kawembi about 30 Asians had fled to a police station for protection on Thursday and remained there Friday . Samson Ntale contributed to this report for CNN .	Radio broadcasts encouraged violent street action against the government Government statement describes Kampala rioters as "  marauding thugs " ? Dozens seek care , many with broken bones , says doctor at Kampala hospital Tension between splintered kingdom and Uganda 's president has been on rise
Holding a shotgun and shooting skeet , the Democratic candidate out to topple Senate Republican leader Mitch McConnell attempts to flip the script in a new television ad . The ad shows Alison Lundergan Grimes blasting away , then pops in a picture of McConnell brandishing a gun upside down over his head at the Conservative Political Action Conference earlier this year . "  Mitch , that 's not how you hold a gun , " Grimes says . Grimes is not Barack Obama , she says , no matter what McConnell "  wants you to think . " "  Mitch was the same guy who thought Duke basketball players were UK . " That reference is to a McConnell campaign ad that mistakenly placed video of Duke University 's basketball team celebrating a 2010 NCAA championship win instead of the Kentucky Wildcats ' 2012 win . McConnell has painted a vote for Grimes as a vote for Obama , and a CNN/ORC poll from earlier this month showed about two-thirds of Kentucky voters harbor an unfavorable view of the President . McConnell 's pitch is that the only way to alter the balance of power in Washington is through a GOP Senate takeover on Election Day that would put him in charge -- if he can beat Grimes , who would be Kentucky 's first woman senator . CNN poll : McConnell holds slim edge in biggest Senate race of 2014 Grimes says in the new ad that McConnell is "  attacking me on coal after doing nothing while we 've lost thousands of coal jobs . " McConnell has vowed to roll back Obama regulations that Republicans loathe , especially Environmental Protection Agency rules on coal that Kentuckians see as harmful to their coal-rich economy . "  He even said it 's not his job to bring jobs to Kentucky , " she says in the ad before firing another shot . 2014 midterm elections : Key Senate races "  I 'm not Barack Obama , " she says , "  I disagree with him on guns , coal and the EPA . The ad is reminiscent of then-West Virginia Senate candidate Joe Manchin 's 2010 TV ad that showed him shooting a cap and trade bill with a rifle . His GOP opponent had painted him as a surrogate for Obama . The Senate Democrat went on to win .	Kentucky Senate candidate tries to separate herself from President Obama Alison Grimes takes shots at clay pigeons and opponent Mitch McConnell Ad shows photo of McConnell holding rifle overhead : "  Mitch , that 's not how you hold a gun "
More than 11,000 children have been killed in the nearly three-year civil war in Syria , including young boys and girls who were tortured and executed , according to a report from a London-based think tank . The Oxford Research Group said that most of the 11,420 children reported dead were killed in explosions , and many others were shot to death . Teenage boys were most likely to be the victims of targeted killings , according to the report , entitled "  Stolen Futures : The Hidden Toll of Child Casualties in Syria . " "  What is most disturbing about the findings of this report is not only the sheer numbers of children killed in this conflict , but the way they are being killed , " co-author Hana Salama said in a statement . More than 1,000 children were either summarily executed  764  or killed by snipers  389  , the report found . Some 112 children , even infants , were tortured before being killed . And what 's worse , deaths of children are "  mounting , " the report said . Both Syrian troops and rebel groups have been blamed for targeting civilians . "  The world needs to take a much closer interest in the effects of the conflict on Syria 's children , " Salama said . The report authors called for the warring sides to stop using explosives in places where children live and play . The Oxford Research Group said Aleppo Governorate was the site of the most child deaths , with 2,223 . The statistics are taken from the casualty lists of Syrian organizations from March 2011 to August 2013 and include only named victims . In June , the United Nations said at least 6,500 children had been killed since the start of the war . "  There are ... well-documented cases of individual children being tortured and executed , and entire families , including babies , being massacred , " U.N. High Commissioner for Human Rights Navi Pillay said at the time . The overall death toll topped 100,000 in late July , the U.N. announced . The U.N. says that more than 2.1 million people have fled Syria , which has about 22.5 million residents .	The report says 112 children were tortured , then executed Many kids were gunned down by snipers , but most were killed in explosions London-based study authors call for sides to stop using bombs in areas with children U.N. says 100,000 killed in the country , millions of refugees
CNN  -- A tornado hit the south-central South Dakota town of Wessington Springs on Wednesday evening , briefly trapping some people in their homes . The Jerauld County Sheriff 's Office said all have been rescued . "  The tornado hit across the street from the hospital -- really just one block away -- and there is stuff and debris everywhere , " said JoAnn Hettinger , director of patient care at Avera Weskota Memorial Hospital . Her facility received one patient , she said . In all , 11 homes and three businesses were damaged , according to Roger Dwyer , the Jerauld County emergency management director . "  The Red Cross is on scene , " he said . "  Most of the folks  in damaged homes  are bunking up with friends and relatives . " Gov. Dennis Daugaard has ordered 100 South Dakota National Guard soldiers to the community to help with recovery and cleanup , a statement from his office said . Wessington Springs is a town of about 950 people , about 100 miles northwest of Sioux Falls . On Monday , rare twin tornadoes spun through Pilger , Nebraska , wiping out the business district . As much as three-fourths of the town of 350 is gone , Stanton County Sheriff Mike Unger has said . Two people died during that storm , one a 5-year-old . The second death -- a traffic accident -- was probably weather-related , Unger said . CNN 's Dana Ford , Dave Alsup and Kevin Conlon contributed to this report .	People were reported trapped in their homes , but have been rescued Spokesman for the governor calls the damage "  significant " Rare twin tornadoes spun through Pilger , Nebraska , this week
CNN  -- European leaders are under pressure from the U.S. to step up the EU sanctions against Russia , following the downing of Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 . The U.S. announced expanded sanctions targeting two banks , two energy companies , Ukraine separatists and defense companies last week , before the plane , carrying 298 civilians including 80 children , was shot down above a rebel-controlled area in Ukraine . EU leaders also said they intended to increase sanctions . But in the past the EU has been reluctant to impose U.S.-style sanctions on key sectors of Russian economy . Many European countries rely on Russian energy and exports to the country . Explore the maps here to see just how dependent the EU is on Russia . Read more : An isolated Russia 's best friend Sanctions on Russia : Would World Cup boycott hit harder ? Opinion : Europe must increase sanctions on Russia Viewing this on mobile ? Click here to view the map .	European foreign ministers are in Brussels to discuss potential further sanctions against Russia The U.S. has announced more sanctions . EU leaders said they intend to increase sanctions EU was previously reluctant to follow the U.S. lead due to its economic links with Russia
CNN  -- Israeli soldiers routinely and intentionally put children in harm 's way during their 22-day offensive against the Palestinians in Gaza , according to a United Nations report made public Monday . On March 6 , a Palestinian boy sits on the rubble of a building destroyed during Israel 's 22-day Gaza offensive . The report said a working group had documented and verified reports of violations "  too numerous to list . " For example , on January 15 , in a town southwest of Gaza City , Israel Defense Forces soldiers ordered an 11-year-old boy to open Palestinians ' packages , presumably so that the soldiers would not be hurt if they turned out to contain explosives , the 43-page report said . They then forced the boy to walk in front of them in the town , it said . When the soldiers came under fire , "  the boy remained in front of the group , " the report said . It said the boy was later released . Also cited were "  credible reports " that accused Hamas , the militant Palestinian group that runs Gaza , of using human shields and placing civilians at risk . But it singled out the Israelis for more sweeping criticism . A spokesman for the Israeli prime minister called the report another example of the "  one-sided and unfair " attitude of the U.N. Human Rights Council , which requested it . The report cited two alleged incidents from January 3 . In one , it said , after a tank round struck near a house , a father and his two sons -- both younger than 11 -- emerged to look at the damage . "  As they exited their home , IDF soldiers shot and killed them  at the entrance to their house  , with the daughter witnessing , " the report said . In the second , it said , "  Israeli soldiers entered a family house in the Zeitoun neighborhood of Gaza City . Standing at the doorstep , they asked the male head of the household to come out and shot him dead , without warning , while he was holding his ID , hands raised up in the air , and then started to fire indiscriminately and without warning into the room where the rest of the family was huddled together . "  The eldest son was shouting in vain the word ` Children ' in Hebrew to warn the soldiers . The shooting did not stop until everyone was lying on the floor . The mother and four of the brothers , aged 2-12 years , had been wounded , one of them , aged 4 , fatally . " The alleged instances occurred during Operation Cast Lead , which was launched December 27 to halt rocket attacks into southern Israel from Gaza and ended January 17 with a cease-fire . The U.N. report called the response by Israel disproportionate . Of the 1,453 people estimated killed in the conflict , 1,440 were Palestinian , including 431 children and 114 women , the report said . The 13 Israelis killed included three civilians and six soldiers killed by Hamas , and four soldiers killed by friendly fire , it said . The report said the Israeli operation resulted in "  a dramatic deterioration of the living conditions of the civilian population . " It cited "  targeted and indiscriminate " attacks on hospitals and clinics , water and sewage treatment facilities , government buildings , utilities and farming and said the offensive "  intensified the already catastrophic humanitarian situation of the Palestinian people . " It said Israeli strikes damaged more than 200 schools and left more than 70,000 people homeless . "  There are strong and credible reports of war crimes and other violations of international norms , " it said , adding that many observers have said war crimes investigations should be undertaken . "  The alternative is de facto impunity , " it said . It called for the end of Israel 's blockade of Gaza and the free passage into the territory of food , medicine , fuel and construction supplies . Mark Regev , a spokesman for Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert , called the report "  another example of the one-sided and unfair attitude of the rapporteur of the Human Rights Council , a council that has been criticized by current and previous secretaries-general for its unbalanced attitudes toward Israel . " He added , "  The negative fixation on Israel by the council has done a disservice to the issue of human rights internationally as has been attested to by the leading NGO 's -LSB- nongovernmental organizations -RSB- on human rights . " Another report issued Monday also was critical of the IDF . The report from Physicians for Human Rights said the Gaza incursion violated IDF 's own code of ethics . The report by the medical group , which shared the 1997 Nobel Peace Prize , cited instances where it said IDF forces did not evacuate injured civilians for days and prevented Palestinian teams from reaching the wounded , and said some of them died as a result . It said 16 Palestinian medical personnel were killed by IDF fire and 25 were wounded during the IDF operation , and accused the IDF of attacking 34 medical centers in violation of the IDF 's own "  ethical code for fighting terror . " In response , the IDF accused Hamas of having used medical vehicles , facilities and uniforms to conceal its members ' activity . "  Hamas used ambulances to ` rescue ' terror activists from the battlefield and used hospitals and medical facilities as hiding places , " the Israelis said in a written statement . "  Despite this , throughout the fighting , IDF forces were instructed to avoid firing at ambulances , even if they were being used by armed fighters . They were instructed only to shoot if there was fire towards our forces emanating from the direction of the ambulance . " Regarding the reported delays in casualty evacuations , "  there existed real difficulties in evacuating the injured , due to the roadblocks , booby-trapped roads and dirt mounds placed by the Hamas as well as the considerable damage to the infrastructure , " the statement said . Nevertheless , it said , an IDF investigation is ongoing and its conclusions will be made public once it is complete . But Dr. Dani Filc , PHR-Israel chairman , was skeptical that the investigation would prove useful . "  There are considerable doubts that the IDF is the correct institution to investigate suspicions of these violations , " he said . "  The IDF 's repeated promises to the High Court to look into attacks on medical teams and medical centers have gone unfulfilled , and there are suspicions concerning its seriousness and readiness to carry out the matter . " The Israeli military did accept criticism Monday on another matter -- the practice of some Israeli soldiers of wearing T-shirts that appear to condone acts of violence against Palestinians . The Israeli daily Haaretz newspaper reported that Israeli soldiers who had finished basic training ordered the shirts , one of which showed a pregnant Arab in the crosshairs of a gun sight with a caption reading "  1 Shot 2 Kills . " Another showing a small child in a gun 's sight was captioned , "  The smaller they are , the harder it is . " "  The examples presented by The Haaretz reporter are not in accordance with IDF values and are simply tasteless , " the Israeli military said in a written statement . "  This type of humor is unbecoming and should be condemned . " Israeli soldiers said last week that Palestinian civilians were killed and Palestinian property intentionally destroyed during Israel 's military campaign in Gaza , according to Haaretz . The IDF has said it is investigating the claims , but its top general expressed skepticism Monday . "  I do n't believe that soldiers serving in the IDF hurt civilians in cold blood , but we shall wait for the results of the investigation , " Lt. Gen. Ashkenazi , the chief of staff , said in a speech . "  I tell you that this is a moral and ideological army . " He blamed Hamas for choosing "  to fight in heavily populated areas . "  It  was  a complex atmosphere that includes civilians and we took every measure possible to reduce harm of the innocent , " he said , according to an IDF statement .	Israel : U.N. Human Rights Council has "  one-sided and unfair " attitude Report says Israeli soldiers intentionally put children in harm 's way during offensive U.N. report also said there was credible evidence Hamas used human shields Report called the Israeli response to Hamas rocket attacks disproportionate
Washington  CNN  -- The Navy SEAL who says he shot and killed Osama bin Laden says he is worried the Pentagon might prosecute him for publicly telling his story of the May 2011 raid on the al Qaeda leader 's compound in Pakistan . But Robert O'Neill said the value of sharing the details of the mission for the families of the September 11 , 2001 , victims and military veterans killed in the ensuing wars makes that risk worthwhile . "  I think I did this in a way that does n't violate any tactics or any rules , " he said in an interview on CNN 's "  The Lead " with Jake Tapper . Being prosecuted , he said , "  does concern me , and if it comes up , I 'll address it . " In his most extensive live television interview to date , O'Neill said he realized the power of his story while speaking with a group that included about 20 families of victims of the September 11 attacks . He said it was the first time he 'd really spoken about the mission , and that men and women cried and told him "  it was closure for them . " At that moment , he said , he realized the importance of sharing what he could -- and that he needed to find a way to do so "  with respect for the tactics , for the safety of our troops and for the Department of Defense . " Responding to criticisms from former administration officials and current servicemembers that he should n't be talking publicly , O'Neill said , "  I think it 's important historically for this to get out there . " "  We were the end of a long , long time of grieving , " he said . "  We were everybody on that mission . You know , we were the Port Authority , the police department , the NYPD , the FDNY , we were the American people , the 9/11 families , and we were able to go there -- and just that I was able to be a part of that is just the greatest honor that 's ever been asked of me . " O'Neill described many of the details of the mission -- and his preparation beforehand . SEAL who says he shot bin Laden details leadup to raid He said he believed there was "  about a 90 percent chance that we were n't going to come back . " Among the possible threats : Pakistan 's military , unaware of the mission , could shoot the two helicopters down . Bin Laden 's house could be wired with explosives . Others in the house could be wearing suicide vests . "  The house getting blown up , possibly getting shot down , suicide bombers , and then possibly running out of gas was a concern , " he said . "  The chances of us not coming back were a lot greater than the chances we were coming back . " He said he called his family members beforehand -- not offering details on what he was doing , but knowing that they 'd soon find out no matter how the mission ended . He also wrote letters to his young children , only to be delivered if he did n't survive at a later date when , for instance , he was n't there for their weddings . After the mission started , O'Neill described landing outside bin Laden 's compound on the second of two helicopters , after the first one had crash-landed . He said he was the eighth SEAL in line as they moved from the compound 's first floor to its second . On that floor , six ahead of him split off to take out bin Laden 's son , clear other rooms and identify potential threats . He was now second in line headed to the third floor , where they expected to find bin Laden . Opinion : Did Robert O'Neill really kill bin Laden ? As the group reached the third floor , he said , the SEAL in front of him dove on top of an "  unknown " person -- it turned out to be a woman -- to absorb what they feared could be a blast from a suicide vest . He said he thought "  let 's get this over with " as he entered the room expecting to be blown up by bin Laden . That 's when O'Neill identified the al Qaeda mastermind . "  I shot him twice in the head , he fell on the floor , " he said . "  I shot him one more time , and I killed him . " The magnitude of what he 'd done did n't register immediately . O'Neill first worried about eliminating other potential threats -- moving a woman and child out of the way , and then clearing the room . "  It was n't until the room was cleared and there were more SEALs in the room that it kind of hit me . I had a moment of pause , " he said . A friend put his hand on O'Neill 's shoulder . "  I said , ` Hey , what do we do now ? ' " O'Neill said . "  He said , ` Now we go find the computers . ' I said , ` OK , I 'm back . ' " The 90-minute flight back to the U.S. air base in Afghanistan was stressful , too , as the SEALs counted down the time until they exited Pakistan 's airspace . Then , they could exhale . One SEAL laid next to bin Laden 's body to measure his height -- part of confirming his identity . The group had n't brought a tape measure . Later , O'Neill sat feet from bin Laden 's body , eating a breakfast sandwich and watching a flat-screen television , while watching President Barack Obama announce to the world that the United States had killed bin Laden . "  I think , " he told CNN , "  I was part of a team full of heroes . " SEAL commander to SEALs : Seal it	Ex-Navy SEAL Robert O'Neill says he fired shots that killed Osama bin Laden O'Neill says he 's concerned he 'll face prosecution for publicly telling his story He says value of sharing details with families of 9/11 attack victims makes risk worthwhile
The picture emerging of the dead gunman in Monday 's rampage at the Washington Navy Yard is a study in contrasts , one of a man who practiced languages and meditated , and another of a cold-blooded killer . The gunman was identified as 34-year-old Aaron Alexis , a former Navy reservist and a current military contractor , the Washington FBI Field Office told CNN . His identity was confirmed by fingerprints and a picture ID card , the FBI said . Authorities have not released a possible motive in the morning shooting at the headquarters for Naval Sea Systems Command that left 12 people -- and the gunman -- dead . But a friend said Alexis was locked in a dispute over money with the company that contracted him to work for the Navy . Investigators also learned that Alexis had recently made contact with two Veterans Administration hospitals for apparent psychological issues , law enforcement sources told CNN on Tuesday . Authorities said earlier that they are confident that Alexis was the lone gunman , bringing to an end a daylong police search for a possible second suspect . Gaining access Alexis was carrying a military-contractor ID that matched his appearance , a D.C. Metropolitan Police official told CNN on condition of anonymity . Alexis used that ID to gain access to the Navy Yard , according to a U.S. law enforcement official with knowledge of the investigation . He drove onto the installation and parked before walking a short distance to Building 197 . Once inside , according to the official , Alexis made his way to an overlook above the atrium and opened fire into the cafeteria . What is security like at Washington Navy Yard ? Initial reports said Alexis used an AR-15 semiautomatic rifle during the attack , but by Tuesday , law enforcement sources with knowledge of the investigation said that was not the case . It is believed that Alexis had rented an AR-15 , but returned it before Monday 's shooting , the officials said . Investigators have recovered three weapons from the scene , including a shotgun that Alexis is believed to have brought into the compound . The other two weapons -- handguns -- the sources say , may have been taken from guards . While the FBI was urging anyone with information about Alexis to come forward , investigators were focusing on reported incidents , including police run-ins , that portray a man with increasingly violent tendencies . Employment Alexis was believed to have arrived in the Washington area last week , when he reportedly checked into a hotel , according to someone who met him at the hotel . The person , who declined to be identified , said Alexis indicated that he planned to be in the area for several weeks . Who are the victims ? At the time of the shooting , Alexis was working for The Experts , a subcontractor of HP Enterprise Services that was contracted to "  refresh equipment used on the Navy Marine Corps Intranet network , " according to a statement released by the company . Alexis , who had Department of Defense security clearance , worked from September 2012 through January refreshing computer systems in Japan , said Thomas E. Hoshko , the CEO of The Experts . His security clearance was renewed in July to carry out the same type of contract work at the Navy Yard , Hoshko said . Alexis returned to work with The Experts that same month , he said . He worked at facilities in Rhode Island , North Carolina and Virginia for weeks at a time upgrading computer systems , Hoshko said . No one reported having any problems with Alexis during those assignments , the chief executive said . Alexis began working at the Navy Yard last week , though it was unclear whether he had actually begun working or was still securing his base clearance , Hoshko said . Many surprised There were no indications that Alexis had any ideological differences with the Navy or any disagreements with anyone at the Navy Yard , the U.S. law enforcement official said . Alexis ' family reeled at the news that he was believed to be the man behind the killings . "  What I do know is he was n't that type of person , " Anthony Little , who identified himself as Alexis ' brother-in-law , told reporters outside his Brooklyn , New York , home . "  I did n't really hear anything that would make me feel , as a newcomer to the family , that somebody should be watching him . " He said the family 's initial reaction was "  very distraught , very stressed out , tears . " "  You know , they did n't see it coming , " said Little , who is married to Alexis ' sister Naomi . "  Their hearts are going out more to the victims and the people that got hurt because , you know , there 's more lives lost and we do n't need that right now . We really do n't . " Opinion : What could have prevented Navy Yard carnage ? Navy reservist Alexis , who was from New York City , served as a full-time Navy reservist between 2007 and 2011 , according to military records . In the Navy , he achieved the rank of aviation electrician 's mate 3rd class , working on aircraft electrical systems , the records show . Alexis was honorably discharged after a "  pattern of misconduct , " a U.S. defense official with knowledge of the investigation told CNN on condition of anonymity . The official did not detail the misconduct . Most recently , Alexis worked as an information technology contractor with the Navy , Secretary of the Navy Ray Mabus told CNN 's Wolf Blitzer . Legal run-ins Alexis appeared to have had sporadic run-ins with the law , dating back to at least 2004 when he was arrested in Seattle , accused of shooting out the tires of a man 's truck in an anger-fueled "  blackout , " according to a Seattle Police Department report . He told investigators he believed the man , a construction worker , was mocking him , but had no memory of shooting out the tires , the report said . Investigators later spoke with Alexis ' father , who told police that his son had anger management problems associated with post-traumatic stress disorder , which he suffered after working "  as an active participant in rescue attempts " during the September 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks in New York , the report said . Alexis was arrested in August 2008 on a charge of disorderly conduct in DeKalb County , Georgia , county police said Tuesday . And in 2010 , Alexis was arrested by Fort Worth , Texas , police but never charged over an allegation that he fired a gun through the ceiling of his apartment . According to records , he told police he accidentally fired it while cleaning it . Witness : "  He aimed his gun at us " Good friends His last known address was outside of Fort Worth , where he was roommates for three years with Nutpisit Suthamtewakul , who described Alexis as his best friend . Alexis befriended Suthamtewakul four years ago after he emigrated from Thailand . Alexis taught him about American culture , Suthamtewakul told CNN . Alexis , he says , was fluent in Thai and attended a Buddhist temple . When Suthamtewakul opened the Happy Bowl Thai Restaurant , Alexis would occasionally help out , waiting tables , he said . The two were roommates until five months ago , when Suthamtewakul got married and Alexis had to move out . Toward the end , Alexis spent a lot of time holed up in his room , keeping to himself , Suthamtewakul said . On Monday , Suthamtewakul was stunned by the news that Alexis was said to be the shooter in the rampage at the Navy Yard . "  I ca n't believe he did this , " he said . "  He never showed any sign of violence . " Frustrations But there were signs that Alexis was unhappy . He was having a hard time trying to get on his feet , said Suthamtewakul 's wife , Kristi . He helped out at the restaurant but not for pay . "  He was using this as an educational experience to help learn Thai , " she said . He enjoyed making deliveries to homes , where the language was spoken . He talked about moving to Thailand . But to Suthamtewakul , Alexis seemed "  frustrated with life . " She is grieving . "  He was like one of our best friends , like a brother to us and always willing to go out of his way to help us out with things . " He was very frustrated with the company that contracted him to work for the Navy , according to another friend . Alexis claimed he was n't paid properly by the company after returning from a months-long assignment to Japan last year , said Michael Ritrovato , another former roommate . It was unclear whether the dispute was over salary or expenses . Alexis just felt the company owed him money and had not paid him , Ritrovato said . Gun knowledge He is in shock over his friend 's actions . "  He was an easygoing guy . I do n't know of any reason for this , " he said . But Ritrovato knew Alexis was fascinated by guns . "  He was ... knowledgeable with military rifles and handguns . At least he led us to believe he was . But nobody ever had the idea that he would use them in a derogatory way , " he said . It is not clear whether Alexis was still living in Fort Worth area at the time of the shooting .	A friend says Alexis was frustrated with life Alexis ' family did n't "  see it coming , " his brother-in-law says He used a contractor ID to access the Navy Yard , an official says Alexis claimed he was n't paid by his employer , a friend says
CNN  -- Stranded in the snowy California woods for three days after losing their way while searching for a Christmas tree , a father and his three children fashioned a "  Help " sign out of twigs on a nearby unpaved road , according to the helicopter pilots who found them . Lexi and Joshua Dominguez exit a helicopter Wednesday , shortly after being found . The four sought shelter from the heavy snow in a culvert and removed their sodden socks in an effort to stay warm and dry while they waited for rescue , the pilots said . Frederick Dominguez said that during the three-day ordeal , he and his children slept inside a log for warmth and ripped apart their shirts to wrap their wet , freezing feet . "  You just go to survival mode , " he said . "  Every parent would do that . You would do anything , sacrifice yourself , because these are your kids . " Dominguez and his children -- Christopher , 18 ; Lexi , 14 ; and Joshua , 12 -- were reported missing Monday night by Dominguez 's former wife and the children 's mother , Lisa Sams , according to police in Paradise , California , a town of 27,000 people about 90 miles north of Sacramento . Watch the family talk about their "  scary " ordeal " "  I 'm glad I 'm home . Praise God , " Dominguez told reporters after exiting a chopper at the search command post . "  It was awful . " Asked how he survived , he replied , "  Jesus Christ . " Dominguez said he used branches and sticks to spell out the word "  Help " near the culvert , where the three slept the last two nights -- at times sleeping with their feet inside each other 's shirts to help stave off frostbite . He said his daughter was the first to hear a California Highway Patrol helicopter overhead . He said he ran though several feet of snow barefooted to wave it down . "  When they turned around , man , I was just praising God and saying , ` Thank you Lord , thank you Lord , ' because I knew we had made it , " he said . Police vehicles equipped with snow chains rumbled up mountain roads to help conduct the search , which also involved a snowmobile and dogs . More than 80 searchers scoured the woods Wednesday until the four were found about 1 p.m.  4 p.m. ET  . Officer Steve Ward said he was piloting the helicopter out ahead of bad weather when he spotted Dominguez coming out of the culvert and waving . "  We were very lucky that we just saw this guy at the last second . " Paramedic Flight Officer Dave White , who was with Ward , said that after the two shut down the helicopter and waved the family over , all four came running . "  The little girl was in tears , " he said . White said the family was found north of where ground crews were searching . The pilots could see the "  Help " sign they had made with twigs on a nearby four-wheel-drive road , he said . Christopher Dominguez told CNN 's Anderson Cooper the family got lost Sunday searching for a tree , which they had chopped down but later abandoned . He said they did n't have food , heavy coats or other provisions to help prepare for the cold nights . "  We were n't prepared at all , " he said . "  We just thought we were going to go up to the mountains , get our tree and go back home . It did n't turn out that way . " After the family failed to locate their vehicle , he said , snow and darkness began to fall . At that point , Lexi Dominguez said , "  I started freaking out . " "  It was really , really scary , " she said . "  I just remember walking and walking and being like , we 're not going to make it , " Lexi said . And as they huddled for warmth , Christopher Dominguez said , his sister sang songs to help pass the time until help arrived . "  We were all just happy , happy to be rescued , " Christopher Dominguez said late Wednesday , huddled with his siblings under blankets in their home . "  I feel good , just happy to be home , " said Joshua Dominguez . "  Because I did n't think we were going to make it . " All four appeared to be in good condition as they were brought by chopper to the command post and taken to ambulances . Wendy Wilson , the children 's aunt , told CNN the two younger children had some frostbite on their toes and a touch of hypothermia , but were expected to make a full recovery . Butte County Search and Rescue dispatcher Madde Watts said , "  They had angels with them , for sure . " The search riveted those in Paradise and beyond . Mayor Alan White , whose son played soccer on the same team as Joshua last year , said he and many others in and around Paradise have cut Christmas trees in the same place where the family vanished . When winter weather sours there , he said , people in the woods can get lost quickly . "  If you 're 50 feet from your car , you might not be able to find it , " he said . Although police found the family 's car , it offered no clues as to where they might have gone . The inaccessible area is beyond the reach of cell phones , authorities have said . Paradise High principal Mike Lerch said students had volunteered to help in the search . "  This is a good family , " he said . Christopher Dominguez had graduated from the school a few months ago , Lerch said , and Lexi is a sophomore there . Joshua attends Paradise Intermediate School . E-mail to a friend	NEW : Joshua , 12 , "  happy to be home . ... I did n't think we were going to make it " Family sought shelter from snow in culvert , warmed each other 's frostbitten feet Frederick Dominguez and his 3 children set out Sunday to cut Christmas tree More than 80 people searched for them Tuesday in heavy snow
CNN  -- More than six years have passed since Steven Hayes broke into the Cheshire , Connecticut , home of the Petit family , setting off a deadly chain of events that ended in the death of a woman and her two daughters . But even with time , Hayes struggles to explain exactly what happened and why . "  I started to lose it , " he told the New Haven Register . "  I looked out the window and saw an unmarked police car . And I just snapped . " Hayes and Joshua Komisarjevsky have been tried in the case , convicted and sentenced to death . The two men entered the Petit home , beat and tied up William Petit and forced Jennifer Hawke-Petit to go to a bank and withdraw $ 15,000 . They then raped and strangled Hawke-Petit , 48 , and molested 11-year-old Michaela before tying her and 17-year-old Hayley to their beds and setting the house afire . The girls died from smoke inhalation . Their father managed to escape from the basement . "  I was n't thinking right ; I do n't know what I was thinking . It was so unlike me . I 'd never done anything like that , " Hayes told the Register during an hour-long interview from prison . He said it took him a year to even remember what happened in those final moments . "  I was told it was rage and stress or something . I just know that for a couple of minutes , I became somebody else , " he said . "  I 'll never forgive myself for that . " William Petit , who remarried last year , did not respond to Hayes ' comments . But his sister-in-law , Cindy Hawke-Renn , said they were "  too little , too late . "  How do you plan such behavior and allow people to die at your hands and burn alive , especially when you have children of your own ? Snapped ? Does n't sound like an excuse to me , " she told the Register . Hayes said he was sorry for what he did and expressed feelings of "  guilt , shame and remorse " about the deadly 2007 home invasion . He reportedly tried to commit suicide before his trial started and told the Register that he wishes he had been successful . "  I do n't deserve to live , " Hayes told the newspaper . "  I do n't want to live . " However , he added , he no longer thinks about killing himself . "  I realize now I 've got to live with this pain . It 's something I 'm supposed to live with , " said Hayes .	Steven Hayes spoke to the New Haven Register from prison He and Joshua Komisarjevsky have been sentenced to death "  I started to lose it ... I just snapped , " he told the newspaper Mother , two daughters were killed in home invasion , fire in 2007
CNN  -- Every spring Halloween meets haute couture at the Carnival of Venice . Culminating March 4 after nearly a month of masked frivolity , Italy 's most popular festival draws up to three million visitors annually . Wearing feathered headdresses , flowing capes and , most importantly , a bevy of bejeweled masks , they enjoy a giant masquerade party that spills onto the streets and into the canals . The Piazza San Marco is the epicenter of the action , especially during preliminary rounds of the Maschera pi bella contest for the best masked costume . Every day dozens of masked contestants stomp down the runway of the Gran Teatro , a temporary outdoor theater , hoping to make the grand final . Costumes skew toward the elaborate , with men and women dressed as brightly-colored court jesters , kabuki princesses , and glittering animals . Regardless of the outfit , Venetian masks -- a symbol of the city and a focal point of the carnival -- are essential to any winning ensemble . During the final , contestants pout and vogue in front of an international panel of costume , fashion and mask designers . Among them is Stefano Nicolao , one of Venice 's most esteemed costume designers , who has dressed Hollywood stars for films including "  Elizabeth " and "  Pirates of the Caribbean . " He does not approach his responsibilities as a juror lightly . "  The theme of the mask is absolutely essential to help your imagination arrive at what I call the dream , " he says . "  For me , emotion must emanate through the costume and the person who wears it . There must be beauty , originality , an explosion of color . " Given the complexity of Nicolao 's criteria , there is no formula for success . Last year the Italian artist Anna Marconi won the contest on her 17th try . Dressed as a sumptuous doll , she offered a high-fashion take on the toy box . The 2012 winners -- a group of five men and women from Germany -- wore billowing pink and purple dresses with matching masks . They appeared to be masquerading as Marie Antoinette 's tea servants . Read more : The world 's most colorful carnival celebrations A history of craftsmanship The origins of the masked carnival remain a mystery , though it 's often said the festival first appeared in the 12th century to celebrate a military victory . Today the city uses the carnival to showcase Venetian culture , which includes a long and proud history of mask masking . Artisans have passed down mask making skills over successive generations . As a child Maximiliano Gimenez learned the craft from his uncle . Today he runs Blue Moon Venice , an atelier and retailer . He and his 15 artisans produce roughly 15,000 Venetian masks per year and are currently training two young apprentices . Some of his staff have been making masks for more than twenty years . The "  Volto Piume "  Feather face  , one of his most ornate masks , retails from $ 200 . Starting with a paper mache base , artisans apply a thin layer of paint that cracks to give the mask an antique look . They then adorn it with lace sourced in Venice , and finish it with gold leaf and Swarovski crystals . "  At the end it is encircled with two layers of real cock feathers in different colors , " Gimenez says . "  We only use natural colors , of course . " Read more : This is the eerie , beautiful world of aquascaping Unmasking the mind The enduring popularity of masks does n't stem merely from their beauty . It also stems from the freedom that comes with hiding who you are -- or at least who people think you should be . Carla Almanza-de Quant , an artist and Venetian mask maker in California , has clients all over the world . They call on her to create gorgeous masks that will turn heads and break the ice . "  Once you put on a mask you 're cheerful , you 're playful , you 're a more wonderful you , " she says . "  You become a fantasy character and you interact with others in a more outgoing way . The real mask is the one we put on every day because society tells you how to do this , and how to do that . " Read more : Life of a muse : What is it like to inspire art as a living ? Chinese rivals ? The global interest in masks is n't waning , and mass retailers are keen to tap into the market . Target invites customers to "  make a dramatic entrance to your next masquerade ball " with its $ 18.49 Venetian Mask with Headpiece in polyester . Walmart sells a $ 9.99 Venetian Raven Adult Halloween Mask in plastic with "  a unique crackle finish . " The arrival of cheap , mass-produced masks from China has created new frustrations for Venice 's mask makers . Chinese manufacturers sometimes try to sell their products under the brand "  Made in Italy " , and attach labels that wrongly say they were made by hand in Venice . The influx of low-quality masks , which retail for a few dollars , also distorts the expectations of consumers who begin to question why authentic Venetian masks can cost several hundred euros . Gimenez of Blue Moon Venice believes his masks carry the soul of the city with them . "  Those who want to buy mass-produced plastic should not come to us , " he says . "  Our customers receive something original and unique , created by artisans with passion and love . "	The Carnival of Venice attracts around three million visitors every year The Best Masked Costume Contest features wacky clothes and haute couture Venetian mask makers charge hundreds of euros for their most lavish creations
CNN  -- One of the strangest sequel projects in movie history is no longer a sequel . In a joint statement , MGM Studios and Dahlia Waingort , the producer of the film originally known as Raging Bull II , declared on Wednesday that Waingort 's film now has the working title The Bronx Bull , and is in no way associated with Martin Scorsese 's 1980 film Raging Bull . The announcement resolves a lawsuit brought by MGM in July that attempted to shut down production on the film , which traces the life of boxer Jake LaMotta in the years that span before and after Raging Bull . LaMotta , now 91 years old , has been cooperating with that project , but it otherwise had nothing to do with Scorsese 's film , which won star Robert De Niro an Academy Award . Instead , Boardwalk Empire 's William Forsythe is playing the older LaMotta , with Mojean Aria playing him as a youth . Check out the full statement below : The parties have amicably reached a resolution of their pending litigation , pursuant to which production of a film based upon certain events in the life of Jake LaMotta will proceed under the working title The Bronx Bull . That film is not related in any way to the 1980 motion picture entitled Raging Bull , and MGM is not associated with the film in any respect . Neither party will have any further statements regarding this matter .  $ " Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer Studios , Inc and Dahlia Waingort , Producer , Sunset Pictures See full story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly  2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  Raging Bull II " now has the working title "  The Bronx " The film traces the life of boxer Jake LaMotta in the years that span before and after "  Raging Bull " "  Raging Bull " won star Robert De Niro an Academy Award
CNN  -- Myanmar 's pro-democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi is "  ready to cooperate " with the government and is committed to pursuing a dialogue with the ruling junta , according to a statement the United Nations ' special envoy to Myanmar read Thursday on her behalf . Activists display a portrait of detained democracy leader , Aung San Suu Kyi , in Myanmar . "  It is my duty to give constant and serious considerations to the interests and opinions of as broad a range of political organizations and forces as possible , " Ibrahim Gambari said , reading the statement from Suu Kyi . On Friday Suu Kyi was able to meet with three executive members of her National League for Democracy and a party spokesman -- the first time they have met in more than three years . Members of her party said Suu Kyi was "  very optimistic " about prospects of the process for reconciliation , the Associated Press reported . The Nobel Peace Prize winner has said she will continue to be "  guided by the policies and wishes " of the opposition political party she heads -- the National League for Democracy . In the statement , Suu Kyi also welcomed the appointment of Aung Kyi as the minister of relations , a position the junta created last month to be a liaison between government and Suu Kyi , whom the junta has under house arrest in Yangon . She has been confined to her home for the better part of almost two decades . Aung Kyi -- viewed as a moderate -- was appointed as the liaison officer amid international pressure following September 's bloody crackdown on pro-democracy demonstrations . As many as 110 people are believed to have been killed in the violence , including 40 Buddhist monks . Video smuggled out of the country showed unarmed protesters being beaten by the military regime 's security forces , and one man -- believed to be a Japanese journalist -- was shot and killed at close range . The protests were sparked by a huge fuel price increase imposed by the military government , and quickly escalated . Myanmar 's military junta said in mid-October that it had detained more than 2,900 people during the crackdown . Many of them are still believed to be in custody . Suu Kyi described her October 25 meeting with the liaison officer as "  constructive , " said the statement read by Gambari . "  I look forward to further regular discussions . " Gambari said he will return this week to New York to brief U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon on the five-day trip to Myanmar , also called Burma . The situation in the secretive Asian nation is not what it was "  a few weeks ago , " said a U.N. statement released in conjunction with the end of Gambari 's trip . "  We now have a process going which would lead to substantive dialogue between the government and Daw Aung San Suu Kyi , " the statement said . "  The sooner such a dialogue can start , the better for Myanmar . " During his trip , Gambari met with Myanmar 's prime minister , Gen. Thein Sein , and other government officials , as well as Suu Kyi , the United Nations reported . E-mail to a friend	Aung San Suu Kyi says she 's committed to pursuing a dialogue with the ruling junta Suu Kyi meets with three executive members of her political party Crackdown on pro-democracy demonstrators set off international outrage As many as 110 people were killed in the September violence
CNN  -- Actress Zsa Zsa Gabor will undergo hip replacement surgery Monday after she broke her hip when falling out of bed , her publicist said Sunday . Gabor , 93 , will need the surgery on her right hip , publicist John Blanchette said . The operation is scheduled for 6 a.m. Monday  9 a.m. ET  and should last about four hours , he said . A press conference is scheduled at Gabor 's Los Angeles , California , home at noon Monday , he said . Gabor 's husband , Prince Frederic von Anhalt , told CNN earlier Sunday , "  She has a broken hip and they have to operate on her . It 's a complicated thing . It was an accident . And she is not that young any more . " Von Anhalt said Gabor fell out of bed Saturday night when she reached to answer the phone . An ambulance rushed her to the Ronald Reagan UCLA Medical Center in Los Angeles , California , after he called 911 . He said she was on medication and asleep early Sunday morning . "  Her family is by her side . No other information is available from the hospital per the family 's request , " hospital spokeswoman Roxanne Yamaguchi Moster said in a statement . Blanchette said earlier Gabor was watching "  Jeopardy! " when she fell out of bed . "  She has an active mind . She 's very bright . She 's funny . She always makes me laugh whenever I talk to her , " Blanchette said . "  Her body 's failing her . " Blanchette said Gabor has been frail and "  pretty much confined to a wheelchair " since a 2002 car accident . The crash occurred when the car in which she was riding with her hairdresser slammed into a light pole on Sunset Boulevard in Los Angeles . Her husband has been caring for her , Blanchette said . The glamorous Hungarian-born actress , the second of the three celebrated Gabor sisters , is most famous for her eight marriages . Among her husbands were hotel millionaire Conrad Hilton and Oscar-winning actor George Sanders . Her more prominent films include John Huston 's 1952 Toulouse-Lautrec biopic , "  Moulin Rouge ; " "  The Story of Three Loves , " 1953 ; "  The Girl in the Kremlin , " 1957 ; and Orson Welles ' classic "  Touch of Evil , " 1958 . In 1989 , Gabor was sentenced to 72 hours in jail for slapping a Beverly Hills police officer after a traffic stop . She also had to perform community service at a battered women 's shelter . The other Gabor sisters were Magda , the oldest , who died in 1997 five days shy of 83 , and Eva , the youngest , who died in 1995 at 76 . Magda , an occasional stage actress , also was married to George Sanders at one time . Eva is probably best remembered for her role as a socialite turned farmer 's wife on the 1960s ' TV sitcom "  Green Acres . " CNN 's Catherine Shoichet , Sonya Hamasaki and Jack Hannah contributed to this report .	NEW : Gabor will undergo hip replacement surgery Monday morning Gabor 's husband says she broke her hip when she fell out of bed Gabor 's publicist says she has been "  confined to a wheelchair " since a 2002 car accident The Hungarian-born actress is most famous for her eight marriages
CNN  -- Barcelona 's Dani Alves reverted to humor when dealing with racist abuse but it has proved no laughing matter for the Villarreal fan who threw a banana at him during Sunday 's match after being handed a life ban by the La Liga club . Villarreal issued a statement Monday saying it "  deeply regrets " the incident . "  The club has identified the person responsible and has decided to withdraw his membership card and prohibit access to the El Madrigal Stadium for life , " it added . Brazilian international Alves was taking a corner during Barca 's 3-2 win when the banana landed at his feet . Maintaining his composure , Alves picked up the banana , peeled it and took a bite and got on with the game . "  Dani Alves owned him , " tweeted the Brazilian 's teammate Neymar . "  Take That bunch of Racists . We are all Monkeys So What . " Former England international Gary Lineker , who played for Barcelona , also applauded Alves ' quick thinking . "  Utterly brilliant reaction from Alves , " tweeted Lineker . "  Treat the racist berk with complete disdain . " Storify : Stars show solidarity with Alves	Dani Alves eats banana thrown at him during a soccer match The Barcelona player was taking a corner at Villarreal 's El Madrigal stadium NEW : FIFA president Sepp Blatter calls incident an "  outrage " NEW : Villarreal find culprit and have banned him for life
CNN  -- On Wednesday night , I hosted a town hall-style debate on guns in America , talking to lawmakers , mass shooting survivors , lawyers , gun lobbyists -- anyone , basically , who has a strong opinion about what I consider to be the single biggest issue facing America today . Since I joined CNN two years ago , there have been a series of gun-related tragedies , including the attack on U.S. Rep. Gabrielle Giffords and the Aurora , Colorado , movie theater massacre . Each sparked a short-term debate about guns . Yet each debate fizzled out with zero action being taken to try and curb the use of deadly weapons on the streets of America . Now , following the grotesque slaughter of 20 innocent young children at Sandy Hook Elementary School in Newtown , Connecticut , I sense that the mood has changed . We have reached a crucial moment in this debate , and I intend to use my platform to continue this conversation on Wednesday night and going forward . The media have previously been quick to move on to other stories after these tragic acts of gun violence . That must change . Opinion : Do n't let this moment pass without acting on gun control I 've made my own views clear on my show -- the senseless killing has to stop . High-powered assault rifles of the type used at Aurora and Newtown belong in the military and police , not in civilian hands . High-capacity magazines , too , should be banned . And background checks on anyone buying guns in America should be comprehensive and stringently enforced . As President Barack Obama said , doing nothing is no longer an option . But , at the same time , law-abiding Americans who want to protect themselves under the Second Amendment right to bear arms must be respected . As should the rights of Americans to use guns for hunting and sport . This is a vital debate for the country . Some 12,000 people are murdered in the United States with guns every year , compared with just 35 in Britain , where there are strong gun laws . Analysis : Guns and the law Sandy Hook should , and must , be a tipping point for real action to bring this number down . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Piers Morgan . Watch Piers Morgan Live weeknights 9 p.m. ET . For the latest from Piers Morgan click here .	Piers Morgan : Past gun-related tragedies have n't led to any action He says that must change , and he hosted a debate on the issue Morgan : Laws must be changed to limit weapons , ammunition and enforce background checks Rights of Americans who use guns for hunting and sport must be respected , he says
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- Outraged Pakistani Christians took to the streets of Lahore on Sunday , protesting a rash of violence against their community over the weekend . Demonstrators denounced the burning of more than 100 homes of Christians on Saturday -- a spree spurred by allegations that a Christian man made remarks against the Muslim prophet Mohammed . Some of the hundreds of protesters Sunday threw stones at police , saying the government failed to adequately protect Christians , Lahore senior police official Rai Tahir said . Tahir said video footage of the fires helped lead to the arrests of more than 150 attackers . He said charges of terrorism have been filed against the suspects . The violence that tore through Lahore 's Badami Bagh community Saturday followed the arrest of Sawan Masih , a Christian in his 20s accused of blasphemy . But Masih 's arrest was n't enough to appease an angry mob of Muslims irate over the alleged crime . "  The  mob wanted police to hand them over the alleged blasphemer , " said Hafiz Majid , a senior police official in Badami Bagh . The mob also looted some shops run by Christians , he said . Majid said Christians have fled the area for fear of being killed . If convicted , Masih faces the death penalty . He denies the allegations made by the two men who filed the blasphemy complaint against him with police on Friday , Majid said . Masih said the three got into an argument while drinking and that the other two men threatened to publicly accuse him of blasphemy , according to Majid . "  The attack is yet another shameful incident against a vulnerable community and further confirmation of the slide toward extremism in society on the one hand and , on the other hand , the apathy and inaction that has become the norm among the police , " the Human Rights Commission of Pakistan said in a statement . The group accused police of arresting Christians in the incident "  while those who went on a rampage and can easily be identified from television footage have gone scot-free . " Pakistan 's blasphemy laws were first instituted to keep peace between religions . But they have been criticized by human rights advocates who say the laws enable legal discrimination against religious minorities . At time , the laws have been misused to settle personal differences between Muslims and Christians . There have been about 1,400 blasphemy cases since the laws were first enacted in 1986 , according to U.S.-based Human Rights Watch . There are more than 15 cases of people on death row for blasphemy in Pakistan , and more than 50 people have been killed while facing trial for the charge , according to the organization . Last year , a Pakistani court dismissed blasphemy charges against a Christian teenager whose case prompted international outrage . Her detention stirred up religious tensions in the predominantly Muslim country . It also generated fierce criticism of Pakistani authorities and renewed debate over Pakistan 's blasphemy laws . President Asif Ali Zardari issued a statement Saturday on the most recent "  unfortunate incident . " He noted that the country 's constitution protects the rights of all Pakistanis , and that "  such acts of vandalism against minorities tarnish the image of the country . "	Some throw stones at police , saying the government is n't adequately protecting Christians More than 100 Christian homes were set afire by a Muslim mob The mob was outraged over a Christian 's alleged anti-Muslim remarks Police : More than 150 suspects have been arrested in Saturday 's arson spree
CNN  -- "  Dragon Age II " is n't exactly a sequel , but it does continue to thrill with new distinctive artwork , a more descriptive speech mechanic and a combat system that feels intuitive and destructive at the same time . Where "  Dragon Age : Origins " told the tale of a Grey Warden 's trek to gather allies , stem the tide of the malevolent Blight  a wave of evil creatures bent on taking over  and do battle against an arch-demon , "  Dragon Age II "  BioWare , Electronic Arts  showcases another wave of the story . It starts with a family fleeing the Blight . Think of it as a branch off the "  Origins " story tree to expand the "  Dragon Age " universe . You play as Hawke -- either a warrior , mage or rogue  player 's choice  who is escaping with his mother , sister and brother . The prologue does a great job of teaching combat and movement mechanics , but you also suffer your first tragedy as a family member succumbs to the Blight . This pushes the story away from Hawke 's homeland of Ferelden to the City of Chains , Kirkwall . It is there that the adventure begins in earnest , and it serves as your home base for most of the game . Having played "  Origins " on the PC , I was immediately struck by the new artwork design of some familiar characters . The Darkspawn , which are the grunt element of the Blight , used to look similar to orcs or goblins from "  The Lord of the Rings " movies . Now , they appear to be more skeletal with an almost undead look to them . Mike Laidlaw , creative director for the "  Dragon Age " series , said the game is character-driven and the team wanted the races to look unique . "  We did n't want to fall in the trap of all of the races to be humans with funny ears , " he said . "  Ultimately , ` Dragon Age ' needs its own distinct look . One of the dangers of fantasy is , there is so much out there that it is easy to lump it all together into an elf/orc mishmash , and we wanted to stand apart . " Laidlaw credits Matthew Goldman , the art director for "  Dragon Age II , " with bringing a fresh , new look to the races and a desire to make the characters truly unique . "  I think there were elements of ` Origins , ' especially in the appearances , that were technical masterpieces , " Laidlaw explained . "  But Matt felt that they were n't standing out enough . They were n't creating their own space and colonizing their visual identity in the way that he wanted . " The Quanri , a warlike race that originally appeared as large humans , also got a makeover . They retained their size and aggressive appearance , but they also sprouted horns similar to a gazelle or , as Laidlaw points out , an ogre . One of the driving forces in the game is the interaction between the player character and his allies and other non-player characters . Talking between characters is done through a series of choices that allow the player to take different postures in the discussions . The speech choices are now shown with an icon that indicates the tone in which the character will speak . Laidlaw said that in "  Origins , " a player could n't tell whether the choices would come out as sarcastic or aggressive and may have chosen a response that they ended up not wanting . "  We wanted a mix of the paraphrase , so you could see what you were going to say , and the statement of intent , " he said . "  While some of them are just tone , knowing when you are going to be funny is really key , especially when that is one of the principal tones of the game . " There are icons for peaceful/helpful , funny , aggressive , hard , romance and others . I found myself using helpful and funny answers more than others . Laidlaw said the game recognizes those tendencies and adjusts character reactions as the game goes on . "  For example , if you find yourself constantly being a smart-aleck or making jokes , you 'll find in combat that your battle cries will change . It does create a consistency of character along those core choices . " Laidlaw explained that it gives gamers a greater sense of control over their characters to shape them the way they want and a create deeper sense of immersion in the game . The game uses a recurring interrogation scene as part of its narrative , a move Laidlaw says is intended to add perspective and depth to character development and movement of the story . Varric , a dwarven crossbow expert and ally of Hawke 's , is being questioned by Cassandra , a Templar seeking answers to some unnamed , yet often foreshadowed , tragedy surrounding Hawke . Chapters of the game 's story start and finish in the interrogation room , with Varric leading into or wrapping up the action and Cassandra reacting to what she 's hearing . It is an interesting technique and gives the game a television series feel , complete with recaps and previews . I almost felt like it was time for a commercial break to raid the fridge . It is n't necessary to have played "  Origins " to enjoy , and progress in , "  Dragon Age II . " But developers wanted it to retain the first game 's history . Players who begin play having already saved a game of "  Origins " will see differences in certain parts of the story -- from who is on the throne to the political and social situation in other kingdoms . Game play on the Xbox 360 console feels clean and smooth , with very few hiccups or lag . The outdoor environments are colorful and detailed , but the underground caves and caverns start to feel similar , with lots of identical layouts . Combat on the major gaming consoles utilizes two levels of mapable buttons for skills and spells , while a shortcut bar offers more choices on the PC version . Controlling the party 's actions seems easier on the PC than the console , but it can be done with some practice . Battles are as visceral and graphic as ever and the "  persistent gore " setting returns , which makes for some awkward conversations . Trying to pay attention to an important bit of information is made more difficult when you are thinking , "  You 've got a bit of ogre on your chin . " The tactics system is carried over from "  Origins , " allowing you to set up character actions to occur at pre-determined thresholds or events . Characters can be set up to drink a healing potion when their health gets low without any break in the battle or gamer involvement . "  The combat is still tactical , still requires you to think as a team and not just as one character , " Laidlaw said . There is no "  there 's the big bad guy , go get him " mentality to how the game unfurls . It is an interactive story that allows players to grow their characters organically , from the aspects of both combat and personal development . And it is n't a game if you 're just looking for a quick turn on the console or PC . The action occurs over numerous quests , side quests and personal missions that can easily chew up 30-plus hours on a weekend as you try to complete "  just one more quest . " "  I never want to give players all the answers , " Laidlaw said . "  I think the mystery , the sense that this world is richer and deeper than just one game helps keep it more vital , more vibrant in terms of player experience . " Whether you play as the dashing hero romancing every woman you meet or the hard , rough-and tumble-hero who smashes first and forgets to ask questions later , "  Dragon Age II " has more than enough action , drama and suspense to keep fans of the fantasy gaming genre pleased . "  Dragon Age II " comes out on March 8 in North America and March 11 in Europe on the Xbox 360 , PlayStation 3 , PC and Mac . It is rated M -- Mature  17 +  for blood and gore , language , sexual content , and violence . This review was done playing the demo on the PC and the retail game on the Xbox 360 .	"  Dragon Age II " thrills with new distinctive artwork , descriptive speech mechanic Combat system that feels intuitive and destructive at the same time Story begins with a family fleeing from the Blight to showcase another angle
CNN  -- Nintendo 3DS , a glasses-free 3-D handheld video game system , arrives March 27 for $ 249.99 . Nintendo hopes it will make the strongest case yet for 3-D special effects affordability and relevance . But calling it a gaming console may be the greatest hoax ever perpetrated on the American public . Gaming , it turns out , might be among the least of the system 's capabilities . The device will also deliver an array of other fully-connected entertainment experiences , according to Nintendo of America President Reggie Fils-Aime at the 2011 Game Developers Conference . From 3-D movies to TV shows , digital music to augmented reality applications , the company is clearly assigning tremendous importance to non-gaming applications . Though they wo n't say it directly , Nintendo clearly plans to make the system a Trojan horse for the larger world of 3-D multimedia . This should scare the competition . It 's an infinitely more practical , and reasonably priced , 3-D argument than a $ 1500 + HDTV that tethers you to your couch . If Nintendo can make this portable device as common and trusted for 3-D entertainment as smartphones are for e-mail or Web surfing , it may single-handedly deliver the breakthrough that carries this technology to mainstream prominence . Yes , the system will play 3-D versions of premium game franchises like "  Street Fighter " and "  The Legend of Zelda , " says Fils-Aime . Yes , in the wake of increasing pressure from tens of thousands of readily available free and 99-cent apps , it will redouble efforts to justify $ 39.99 average software prices by offering "  premium experiences you ca n't get anywhere else . " But with free AT&T WiFi hotspot availability , Netflix movie streaming and the ability to create , download and physically interact with 3-D content among its arsenal of tricks , the company may have yet to play its trump card . The system lacks 3G/4G high-speed connectivity , and Nintendo is known for ardently policing material licensed for sale or distribution -- virtually or otherwise -- for its consoles . But by letting users view , download and generate a variety of 3-D material , the system could prove to be the most cost-effective and practical on-demand 3-D content portal on the market . Should Nintendo decide to enable sharing of user-generated content or enable the three-camera device for high-speed cellular connectivity and casual videoconferencing , the scope of this potential power play becomes even larger . While a dedicated stand-alone gaming system such as the Nintendo 3DS ca n't rival smartphones or tablet PCs for sheer ubiquity , consider this : If 3-D technology takes off the way manufacturers hope , Nintendo 's new device may give them an instant entre into entirely new areas of entertainment , a leg up in the race to legitimize 3-D content and a secret weapon in the war to reclaim the territory recently ceded to Apple and its growing gaming focus .	Nintendo 3DS may be the greatest hoax ever perpetrated , says Steinberg Steinberg : Nintendo wo n't say directly , but system is portal for loads of 3-D multimedia The system will play 3-D versions of premium game franchises like "  Street Fighter "
CNN  -- It 's snow joke -- but the weather has become the focus of the United States ' attempts to qualify for the 2014 World Cup . Costa Rica has asked football 's global governing body FIFA to replay their 2014 World Cup qualifying match against the U.S. after it was staged in a snowstorm . Friday 's contest at Colorado 's Dick 's Sporting Goods Park finished 1-0 to Jurgen Klinsmann 's U.S. team , with Clint Dempsey 's first-half goal proving the difference between the two teams . But the contest was overshadowed by heavy snowfall , which the Costa Rican Football Federation claims affected the players ' "  physical integrity " . "  We can confirm that FIFA has received a letter from the Costa Rica FA regarding last Friday 's FIFA World Cup qualifier , " read a statement sent to CNN by football 's world governing body . "  FIFA will now analyze the content of the letter and next steps will be determined in due course . " The Costa Rican Federation is unhappy the lines and markings on the pitch were invisible at times during the game in Commerce City , while also claiming the movement of the ball was impeded by the snow . The match was briefly paused at the beginning of the second half , but officials eventually decided play should resume . Costa Rica has also called for the match officials to be punished for allowing the match to get underway . "  It was terrible , " the Costa Rican Federation 's president Eduardo Li told the Zona Tecnica football show . "  While the match was being played , at the same time , machines and people came onto the field to clean the lines . "  We fought -- we talked to the -LSB- match -RSB- commissioner , who totally rejected our complaint . These are embarrassing situations we should not accept . " Havoc The win was the U.S. 's first of this qualifying campaign following a 2-1 defeat to Honduras last month . The victory put the U.S. second on three points behind Honduras in a group from which the top three countries will go to Brazil , while the fourth-placed team will play off against the Oceania group winners New Zealand . Costa Rica are bottom of the North , Central America and Caribbean group with just one point . Snow also wreaked havoc across Europe , with Northern Ireland 's home match with Russia , initially scheduled for Friday , twice postponed due to bad weather . FIFA is yet to announce when the European qualification Group F fixture will take place . The U.S. Soccer Federation was not immediately available for comment .	Costa Rica appeal to FIFA following 1-0 defeat to United States on Friday Costa Rica claim the match should not have taken place due to heavy snowfall Clint Dempsey 's first-half goal gave the U.S. their first win of the qualifying campaign FIFA confirm they have received letter from the Costa Rica Federation
CNN  -- An estimated 111 million U.S. viewers are expected to tune in Sunday for Super Bowl XLVI . It features the scrappy New York Giants against the New England Patriots , who are looking for their fourth NFL title . Kickoff in Indianapolis is 6:30 p.m. ET . Before you get too comfortable in that favorite chair , here 's our list of five things to watch : Each other : Americans are in the mood to live it up a little more this year , with the average game-watcher spending $ 63.87 on Super Bowl merchandise , snacks and apparel , up from $ 59.33 last year , according to a survey by the Retail Advertising and Marketing Association . Of those watching the Giants-Patriots , nearly 27.1 % are planning to attend a party , according to the association , and another 15.3 % plan to throw a party . Looking for some last-minute snack ideas ? Richard Blais , Eva Longoria and others provide dip options at CNN 's Eatocracy blog . But watch the double-dipping . "  After double-dipping just a few times , researchers found 50 to 100 times more bacteria in the dip -- and that was just from one mouth , " says Sanjay Gupta , CNN 's chief medical correspondent . Yuck . The commercials : Bueller ? Bueller ? Bueller ? By now you 've probably seen the Matthew Broderick update of his hijinks from 1986 's cult classic "  Ferris Bueller 's Day Off . " This time he 's toned it down a notch from a Ferrari to a more practical , family-friendly Honda CR-V . Ad watchers are calling 2012 the year of the celebrity , with the likes of David Beckham , Danica Patrick and Jerry Seinfeld shilling products . Many ads have appeared before the game . Volkswagen just ca n't get enough of "  Star Wars . " For its pre-game teaser commercial , the company traded last year 's Darth Vader kid for a black dog with a circuit board on its chest . In fact , the teaser features a whole pack of dogs . Remember the "  Imperial March " ? Of course you do . But not like this . One survey shows about 55 % of U.S. adults who plan to tune in Sunday are watching as much or more for the ads as the action on the gridiron . The Hanon McKendry poll shows the number for women in that category is 66 % , compared to 46 % for the guys . Watch 2012 Super Bowl ad mash-up Halftime : The Material Girl told reporters this week she "  was maintaining her sanity " while working hard to be ready . Madonna 's 12-minute set will include a new song and three previous hits . Joining her will be MIA and Nicki Minaj . Madonna promises there will be no "  wardrobe malfunction , " a reference to the 2004 Super Bowl , at which pop singer Janet Jackson 's breast was briefly exposed during a live halftime show with fellow entertainer Justin Timberlake . Your cell phone ? Apparently , a good many people are n't occupied enough by the annual super extravaganza called the Super Bowl . Nearly 60 % of mobile phone users plan to look at their device during the game , according to a survey by Velti , a mobile marketing firm . Oh yeah , the game : There will be a football game sandwiched in , and it 's expected to be a pretty good one . The Giants bring quarterback Eli Manning and a tough defense to Indianapolis , determined to keep Pats QB Tom Brady from taking home a fourth Super Bowl championship ring . Game time , 6:30 p.m. Eastern , NBC , at Lucas Oil Stadium . A few story lines : Can Patriots superstar tight end Rob Gronkowski overcome a hobbled ankle ? Giants rookie linebacker Mark Herzlich survived a bone cancer diagnosis two years ago . And Zoltan Mesko , the Pats ' punter , has come a long way from growing up in Romania , where in the late 1980s his family dodged bullets during revolutions that eventually toppled the communist regime . And , if five tips is not enough , here is a bonus : Counterprogramming : Every year , a few brave souls go to a second location in the house or just stay home to watch anything OTHER than the Super Bowl . This year 's options include PBS ' "  Downton Abbey , where football would come in the shape of a soccer ball . For the romantics , there 's "  Sleepless in Seattle " and "  E.T. : The Extra-Terrestrial " on AMC and "  Wedding Date " and "  Hitch " on TBS . Or try these Super Bowl alternatives on Home Shopping Network : "  no!no ! Professional Hair Removal " and "  Electronic Connection . " Enjoy ! CNN 's Aaron Smith , Dan Moriarty and James O'Toole contributed to this report .	New England Patriots , New York Giants square off in Indianapolis Many TV watchers are more interested in the commercials Madonna promises a great halftime Some will tune in to "  chick flicks , " other programming
CNN  Entertainers are paid for entertaining and it 's time athletes received financial recompense for taking part in the Olympics , says 100m hurdler Sally Pearson . In 2014 , while the winner of Wimbledon received $ 2,600,000 and the Augusta Masters champion picked up $ 1,620,000 , when Pearson won gold in the Olympics three years ago she received zero prize money . "  People come for the entertainment from the athletes -- we are entertaining them , we are entertainers " the Australian , who set an Olympic record of 12.48 seconds in her 2012 winning run in 2012 , told CNN anchor Alex Thomas . "  Entertainers get paid every single time they step up onto a stage , and that 's exactly what we 're doing in a sporting sense . " Billions might have tuned in to watch London 's 2012 Olympic Games which saw over 10,000 athletes compete across 302 events in a battle for golden glory , but the International Olympic Committee 's current policy is to  IOC  hand out gold , silver and bronze medals as well as a bouquet of flowers to athletes , but no financial remuneration . "  I can see why they do n't , and I 'm sure they want to keep it like that , they want to keep it pure , " added Pearson . "  To be honest we 're all still going to turn up whether we get paid or not . But the Games would n't happen without the athletes . " It also would n't happen without sponsors . The IOC has just signed a new eight-year sponsorship deal with car manufacturing giant Toyota -- reportedly worth just under $ 1 billion -- adding to their list of partners that include McDonald 's and Coca-Cola . Athletes usually fund themselves through sponsorship deals , government support , grants and part-time work . In 2012 only half of American track and field athletes -- who were ranked in the top 10 in their nation -- earned more than $ 15,000 a year from their sport . The fifth fastest 100m hurdler in history , Pearson told the Australia 's Daily Telegraph in 2013 how a year after her Olympic gold medal in London she still was n't attracting enough sponsors . No stranger to hard work -- the hurdler sometimes vomits after intense training sessions -- she decided to chase down her own deals rather than sit on her hands waiting for private sponsorship . While she has some support from Qantas , AMP and Adidas , appearance fees and prize money in the Diamond League -- an annual series of track and field meetings -- also provides revenue earning potential for the 28-year-old . Now targeting more medal success at the 2016 Rio Olympics , Pearson achieved a resounding win at the Queensland Track Classic on March 7 with a time of 12.74 s. Even so the issue of Olympic prize money still clearly grates . "  I think the times have changed from 1896 to 2016 , I think it might be time to at least have a think about it , and discuss it because there 's no such thing as the Olympics without athletics or athletes , " said Pearson .	Olympic 100m gold medal winner Sally Pearson says IOC should think about paying athletes Pearson won gold at the London 2012 Olympics
Istanbul , Turkey  CNN  -- The day after Christmas was a tough one for Santa in his ancestral homeland of Turkey . A Muslim youth group held a demonstration Thursday in Istanbul , blasting the "  jolly old elf " of legend and lore for contributing to moral decay and urging residents to turn against him . "  Traditions such as new year celebrations , Christmas tree decorations , and Santa Claus leaving presents are leading to degeneration of our culture and leading to identity crises in our society . It tears our youth from their own culture and familiarizes them with the culture of the West leading them to embrace those values , " the Anatolia Youth Association said in a statement . The group used an inflatable plastic Santa as a prop -- littering the ground below it with beer cans , a syringe and a cross to illustrate the dangers of inviting Santa into Turkish homes . They also distributed an image of a man delivering a brutal left hook to Santa 's bearded cheek . Three years ago , the same group stabbed a blow-up Santa . Such sentiments are not widespread in Turkey . Many secular Muslims in Turkey decorate their homes with Christmas trees and Santas -- known in Turkey as "  Noel Baba , " or Father Christmas . They exchange gifts not on Christmas , but rather New Year 's Day . Despite Thursday 's unpleasantness , Turkey and ol' Claus go way back -- all the way to 4th Century . That 's when , as religious tradition has it , the Christian St. Nicholas secretly gifted money and other items to residents around his home in what is now the southern Turkish city of Demre , becoming the model for the modern Santa Claus . CNN 's Michael Pearson reported and wrote from Atlanta ; Gul Tuysuz reported from Istanbul .	Turkish Muslim youth group condemns Santa for bringing booze , drugs and immorality The same group stabbed a Santa blow-up prop in 2010 Many secular Muslims in Turkey display Santas at this time of year Santa 's 4th Century role model , St. Nicholas , came from southern Turkey
CNN  -- Zainab Alhusni was a simple seamstress in Syria , well-loved by all her neighbors and friends . Now , in a tragic turn of events , she has become a symbol of the cruelty gripping that conflict-wracked nation . Alhusni was only 18 when she stepped away from her Homs residence last month to buy groceries . Her family never again saw her alive . She was whisked away by Syrian security forces to coax the surrender of her activist brother , and ended up beheaded and dismembered , a neighbor , activists and human rights groups say . Waleed Fares , a neighbor and family friend , told CNN on Monday that Zainab 's father died when she was just a toddler , leaving her mother and three siblings to fend for themselves in a country with often-unfavorable conditions for a single mother . All four children dropped out of school at a young age so they could work as laborers to provide for their family , Fares said . Zainab dreamed of owning her own tailor shop , so she could support her impoverished family , he said . But she never had a chance to fulfill that dream . Her older brother , Mohammed , became a well-known activist in the family 's hometown of Homs in western Syria , often leading the demonstrations against embattled Syrian President Bashar al-Assad and treating the wounded . "  Protesters would carry Mohammed on their shoulders so he could lead the chants , " Fares said . "  He was very loved by everyone . The protesters even had a chant they would say for him , using his nickname : ` Abu Ahmed , may Allah protect you ! ' " Security forces pursued Mohammed Alhusni for months , raiding his family 's home several times , causing the family to flee to a nearby neighborhood on July 25 , Fares said . On July 27 , Zainab Alhusni disappeared , leaving her family devastated and her siblings panicked and anxious , the neighbor said . "  If it had been her brother it would have been different . Taking Zainab , it became a matter of family honor and family pride . Her mother was beyond depressed . She seemed to be between life and death , " Fares said . Neighbors and family friends called on each other to collect donations to ease the family 's financial troubles , but this became the least of the Alhusni family 's concerns . Several days after Zainab disappeared , security forces called the family and offered to meet them in a pro-Assad neighborhood where they would trade Zainab for her activist brother . "  The family did not trust the security forces . They would not even confirm to them that Zainab was alive , and they all believed it was a trap to take Mohammed , too , " Fares said . On September 10 , the family says , Mohammed was wounded in a demonstration . He came back to his loved ones a corpse . The family believes he was tortured to death . In a statement posted to YouTube , another brother , Yousif Alhusni , describes multiple gunshot wounds to Mohammed 's chest and a single shot through his mouth . "  His arms were broken and there were cigarette burns to his face , " he adds . The family went to collect Mohammed 's body from a hospital when doctors told them another unclaimed body with the label "  Zainab Alhusni " had been kept in the morgue 's freezer for some time . When the family received the body , her head and arms had been chopped off . Chunks of her flesh were charred , appearing in places to have been melted or burned down to the bone . Authorities forced Zainab 's mother to sign a document saying both her daughter and her son had been kidnapped and killed by an armed gang , Amnesty International said in an online statement "  If it is confirmed that Zainab was in custody when she died , this would be one of the most disturbing cases of a death in detention we have seen so far , " said Philip Luther , Amnesty International 's deputy director for the Middle East and North Africa . The case also drew the antipathy of the U.N. Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights , which characterized the incident as "  appalling " and an example of the "  targeting and attacking of families and sympathizers of the protesters by security forces . " The ferocious Syrian government crackdown against dissenters began in mid-March when anti-government protests unfolded . The number of people killed over the past six months has reached at least 2,700 , according to the U.N. human rights office . Some activist groups put the toll at around 3,000 . Syrian authorities could not be reached for comment on the Alhusni case . The Syrian government has maintained armed gangs with foreign agendas , not the regime , are responsible for the violence that has plagued the Arab country for months . CNN can not independently verify the authenticity of the video , the claims , or the death toll because the government has repeatedly denied requests for journalists to report inside Syria . "  Perhaps more than any other family they were chosen to be at the front lines of the Syrian revolution , " Fares said of the Alhusni family . "  They were very poor , so they felt the brunt of the injustice more than any other family . For Mohammed at least , he felt he had nothing to lose . " The neighborhood where the family lived , Bab Alsibaa , held a rally for Zainab on Sunday , and people vowed the brutality that destroyed the Alhusni family could only strengthen their resolve . "  The case of Zainab Alhusni is not just for our town , or province , or even for the country of Syria . It is a human rights issue that should bring the attention of the world , " Fares said . But despite Fares ' insistence that "  after Zainab our chants are louder , our numbers greater , " he admitted the people of Bab Alsibaa constantly worry about their female family members . "  Even stepping outside the home is a risk for women now , " he said . CNN 's Arwa Damon contributed to this report .	Syrian girl Zainab Alhusni dreamed of owning her own tailor shop , a neighbor says Instead , she has become in death a symbol of the cruelty gripping Syria "  They were chosen to be at the front lines of the Syrian revolution , " neighbor says
Lance Armstrong admitted to using performance-enhancing drugs in an interview with Oprah Winfrey that aired Thursday night . Did he use EPO ? Testosterone ? Cortisone ? Human growth hormone ? Illegal blood transfusions and other blood doping ? Armstrong answered "  yes " on all counts . In October , the U.S. Anti-Doping Agency released more than 1,000 pages of evidence in doping allegations against Armstrong and his teammates . He was stripped of his seven Tour de France titles in the scandal . On Thursday , the International Olympic Committee demanded that he give back the bronze medal he won in 2000 . The charges against Armstrong are all too common in the cycling world . Cyclist Floyd Landis was stripped of his 2006 Tour de France title after failing a drug test . Eighty percent of the Tour de France medalists between 1996 and 2010 have been "  similarly tainted by doping , " according to the USADA report on Armstrong . A look at the drugs Armstrong used : Blood doping EPO , or erythropoietin , is a hormone naturally produced by human kidneys to stimulate red blood cell production , according to the World Anti-Doping Agency . Cyclists and other athletes use EPO to raise their red blood cell counts , which increases the amount of oxygen that can be delivered to muscles , improving recovery and endurance . Although EPO has been banned since the 1990s , the first screening test was used at the 2000 Summer Olympic Games in Sydney . Blood transfusions have a similar effect on the body 's red blood cell count . Usually an athlete will store some of his blood when his hemoglobin levels are high , then reinfuse it right before an event . This type of transfusion can not be detected by current tests , according to the USADA . Both methods can have dangerous side effects . Increased levels of hemoglobin , which literally thickens the blood , can lead to complications with circulation , putting athletes at risk for cardiovascular problems . Corticosteroids Corticosteroids are man-made drugs that resemble the natural hormone cortisol , according to the Cleveland Clinic . These are different from anabolic steroids , which athletes take to increase strength . The most common types are cortisone , prednisone and methylprednisolone . Cortisol is most commonly known as a stress hormone . Corticosteroids work to decrease inflammation that can cause swelling and pain , according to the Cleveland Clinic . They can be administered locally -- to the specific area that hurts -- or systemically through a pill or intravenously . The list of possible side effects for corticosteroids is long , including weight gain , sudden mood swings , blurred vision , osteoporosis and high blood pressure . "  If steroid use involves high doses and is prolonged  for a few months to several years  , an increase in the number of side effects might occur , " the clinic 's site states . Testosterone Testosterone is a naturally occurring hormone that helps regulate bone density , fat distribution , muscle strength , red blood cell production and sex drive , according to the Mayo Clinic . It is found in both men and women ; in men , it also helps to regulate sperm production . Athletes generally abuse testosterone to "  bulk up , " according to the USADA . The side effects are similar to both blood doping and anabolic steroid use . Testosterone increases the body 's red blood cell count , increasing the risk for cardiovascular disease . Mood swings , muscle weakness and liver dysfunction are also common for both sexes with overuse . Using testosterone also shuts down the body 's natural production of the hormone . This can cause the testicles to shrink in men , reducing sperm production . Moving forward Cyclists say Armstrong 's confession and calls to clean up the sport may lead to a new era . "  From day one , we always hoped this investigation would bring to a close this troubling chapter in cycling 's history and we hope the sport will use this tragedy to prevent it from ever happening again , " USADA CEO Travis Tygart said in a statement in October . "  Our mission is to protect clean athletes by preserving the integrity of competition not only for today 's athletes but also the athletes of tomorrow . We have heard from many athletes who have faced an unfair dilemma -- dope , or do n't compete at the highest levels of the sport . Many of them abandoned their dreams and left sport because they refused to endanger their health and participate in doping . That is a tragic choice no athlete should have to make . " What did you think of Oprah Winfrey 's interview with Armstrong ?	Lance Armstrong admits to using EPO , blood transfusions and testosterone EPO and blood transfusions increase red blood cell count to raise oxygen levels Armstrong is also accused of using cortiocosteroids to decrease inflammation
CNN  -- The only daughter of Moammar Gadhafi is standing behind her father , saying he will not step down because he is "  a symbol , a guide " for the Libyan people . "  This is his country , his land , his people . Where would he go ? , " Ayesha Gadhafi , 34 , told CNN affiliate France 2 during an interview at her home in Tripoli . "  There is one thing that you do n't understand and that you will never understand . It is that my father is a symbol , a guide . " The comments by Gadhafi 's daughter come as NATO 's bombing campaign crossed the 100-day mark , raising concerns among some that the airstrikes could drag on for months . Gadhafi has been under enormous international pressure to step down following a months-long uprising by rebels , emboldened by popular movements across the Middle East , trying to bring an end to his 42-year rule . The U.N. Security Council approved a resolution in March authorizing force by whatever means necessary , with the exception of a ground invasion , to protect civilians . NATO began bombing military targets a short time later . Gadhafi 's daughter has accused NATO of war crimes for airstrikes targeting her father in Tripoli that resulted in the deaths of her four-month-old daughter , her brother and his two children . "  I am not hiding . I am at home . I live normally , " she said in the France 2 interview that aired Thursday . "  But you see , I 've already lost one of my children and my brother in the bombings . Every day there are members of my people who die . Civilians . Anyone who has a heart can understand what I feel . " Gadhafi 's daughter has been a staunch defender of her father and a familiar sight on Libyan State TV . She is believed to have had a hand in keeping the peace among her seven brothers , who have vied over the years for positions of prominence at their father 's side . "  Contrary to what has been said , our family is still very tight . These events have brought us closer than ever . There is no division , no difference between us , " she said . "  What is being said about it is pure invention . " Ayesha Gadhafi , who studied in France , admonished the French for their participation in the NATO campaign . "  Never would I imagine this country would one day kill my brother and my family , " she told France 2 . "  Through you , I want to send a message to the wives of the French pilots who bomb us . ` Your husbands are not working to defend civilians in Libya , " ' she said . "  They kill my people and our children and for what ? To satisfy ,  French President Nicolas  Sarkozy , who thinks that the more Libyans he kills , the more votes he gets during elections . " She has been described as a longtime , loud supporter of anti-government groups , standing up for the IRA and Iraqi insurgents . She even joined Saddam Hussein 's defense team prior to his being sentenced to death by hanging in Iraq . When The Telegraph , a London-based newspaper , asked her how she felt about Iraqis who say Hussein slaughtered people , she said : "  You are bound to meet people who may be against your policies . "	Ayesha Gadhafi is the Libyan leader 's only daughter She says the uprising and NATO campaign have brought her family together "  Contrary to what has been said , our family is still very tight , " she says Gadhafi 's daughter says her father will not step down
CNN  -- It 's been a year since Steve Irwin , the environmentalist and TV host best known as the "  Crocodile Hunter , " died . He was killed September 4 , 2006 , by a stingray barb to the chest while filming an underwater documentary off Australia 's northern coast . Joseph Krygier shot this photo of a memorial in August 2007 at the Australia Zoo in Beerwah , Australia . Irwin 's death prompted a global outpouring of grief from fans , children and hundreds of early I-Report contributors , who shared photos , videos and memories with CNN shortly after he died . A year since , we asked CNN.com readers what they think his legacy will be , and how they are remembering him this year . Here is a selection of their responses : Carol Shahan of Wilmington , Delaware In April , my Girl Scout Service Unit held an encampment . The event lasted Friday-Sunday and over 350 girls and leaders attended . Our theme was "  Crikey ! Let 's go camping -- a tribute to the conservation legacy of Steve Irwin . " The girls learned about how they can help conserve their part of the world and contributed funds to the Wildlife Warriors through a coin drive . Patrick Rodrigue of Montreal , Quebec We met Steve and his wife and small entourage at an elephant safari park in Bali , Indonesia , in June 2004 during our honeymoon . We were having lunch when we saw him at the table next to us . He was on vacation and he still came over to our table to say "  Hello Mates ! " and pose for a picture . Helen Osada of Hong Kong I never get tired of watching Steve Irwin and his family on Animal Planet even though they are all reruns . He had real charisma unlike most other wildlife enthusiasts . And that he shared so much with us including his family says a lot about his generosity . His death was a great loss to us all . I really miss him . Melissa Amundsen Wells of Greensboro , North Carolina Steve Irwin taught my daughter and myself that all animals deserve respect and protection , not just the furry cute ones . Every animal on the planet has a unique purpose and he conveyed that better than anyone else . His love for his work was a real inspiration to my whole family . We miss you Steve . Mirad Maglic of Sarajevo , Bosnia In my opinion , his unorthodox style , love for all things living and dedication to wildlife preservation made Steve a hero with a legacy that compares to what Elvis did for the rock music . I just hope that others will follow in his tracks , just as his wonderful daughter is doing . Donna Beckum of Orab , Ohio It was a great honor to watch Bindi 's show several times this past weekend . She is sure a chip off the ol' block ! I will never forget Steve and his remarkable quest . I will continue to watch Bindi and all of the "  Crocodile Hunter " episodes that are rerun . You just never get tired of watching them . I pray that God blesses Terri and her children and that Bindi continues to carry on where her daddy left off . Steve Irwin was an icon and certainly made a difference . He will never be forgotten ! John Hock of Alpharetta , Georgia Met him in March of ' 06 . He was on his motorbike in the zoo with his son on the front of the bike . He had is hat and sunglasses on . We were over by the camels . I yelled "  Steve ... " He said "  G'Day " to me . Then he was off to the pens behind the crocoseum . Even that brief meeting had an effect on me . To meet someone larger than life is an honor . Michael Yang of Singapore Steve and Terri have been a big part of my life . I ca n't believe a year has flown by so fast . I was very sad at the misfortune of a stingray barb directly in Steve 's heart . Without a doubt , Steve has helped make the world a better place both for people and animals . Jenna Barnaby of Harrisburg , Pennsylvania ... I ca n't believe it 's only been a year . I was so sad when he died and so upset about the unfairness of it all that it feels like he 's been gone so much longer . I miss him and think I always will . Denise Cole of Union Lake , Michigan The one and only time I saw Steve Irwin on television my thoughts were "  You ca n't do that to wildlife and not get killed . " I was not surprised by his death at all . I am sorry that his wife is a widow and his children are without a father . They are obviously doing OK though and that is GOOD . Kim DiBiase of Fort Myers , Florida My children now ages 9 & 11 grew up with Steve . My son who is 11 is a know-it-all with anything that has to do with animals due to his love of watching Steve since he was 4 years old . He knows every single type of snake and where they live . Steve 's show was one of the few children 's shows I could watch with the kids over and over . We miss him more than you could know and feel for his family . Only the good die young . Patrick L. of Montreal , Quebec Steve Irwin will be remembered for his courage in dealing with dangerous animals , his skill as an entertainer and his humanity . Few people take the risks Steve did in dealing with dangerous animals ; even fewer manage to do this type of job with the flair and heart that was visible from watching Steve at work . Steve was one of a kind and he will be missed . Tim Pope of Cumming , Georgia The man was reckless and a bad example for kids . He went out of his way to dramatize his product by courting danger and taking chances . Hopefully , the way he died will keep more intelligent kids from thinking that jumping on a crocodile 's back is a great sport . I do n't say this to detract from or denigrate him , but his installation in the heroes ' pantheon sends a bad message . Sakthivel Subramanian of Frankfurt , Germany I remember him as brave man with a kind heart for animals  reptiles  with which he lived his lifetime ! I 'm praying to God for his soul to rest in peace . Liz Cook of Plainville , Massachusetts One of our first "  encounters " with Steve Irwin was through a Wiggles video that my children own . He had such an unusually bright spirit . We watched a special last night that included his trip to Belize and it was amazing to see how he fired my children 's imagination and enthusiasm for the animals he encountered on his trip ! They could not believe he did n't take it personally when he was injured by the iguana he was chasing ! He is one of those rare souls that make it almost impossible to believe he is really gone ... so vivid , so warm , so BIG in spirit . Our best to his family on this sad anniversary . Jason Epperson of York , Pennsylvania Editor 's note : Epperson sent a poem tribute to Irwin . The first letters of the lines spell out "  Steve Irwin . " South Australia I was born , Trekked my camera thru brush and thorn ! Endangered species I adore , Venomous and fanged all the more ! Earned my fair share of smiles , In wrestling snakes and crocodiles ! Ray of nature pierced my heart , Was chosen then to depart ! Into new unseen worlds I go Nature 's next great adventure show "  Crikey ! " E-mail to a friend	` Crocodile Hunter ' Steve Irwin died one year ago today Worldwide vigils , memorial services after his death CNN.com asked readers for their thoughts on the anniversary Share your own memories and stories through I-Report
CNN  -- Ronaldinho plundered a hat-trick as AC Milan crushed 10-man Siena 4-0 on Sunday to close the gap on Serie A leaders Inter Milan to just six points and with the Milan derby to come next week . Milan also have a game in hand meaning they could potentially draw level with the four-in-a-row champions if they were to win next weekend 's crunch clash . The hosts started in determined mood following Inter 's 2-2 draw at Bari on Saturday and Ronaldinho took an Alessandro Nesta cross on his chest on three minutes before sending a spectacular overhead bicycle kick just off target . But on 10 minutes the referee took the decision that essentially ended the game as a contest . Jardim Brandao dithered on the ball in his own box and Marco Borriello dispossessed him before trying to go round goalkeeper Gianluca Curci . There was minimal contact and Borriello crumpled to the ground but the striker 's last touch had been too heavy and left him no chance of reaching the ball before a back-tracking defender . Even so , the referee pointed to the spot and showed Curci a straight red card . Substitute goalkeeper Gianluca Pegolo 's first task was to pick the ball out of his net . Siena battled on gamely , and on 26 minutes Massimo Maccarone escaped three defenders on the edge of the Milan box to bundle through before firing over on the stretch as Thiago Silva came across to put him under pressure . Two minutes later the lead was doubled as Andrea Pirlo curled a cross into the near post and Borriello hooked a brilliant volley over his shoulder and into the top corner . Ronaldinho proved a constant menace and had two early second half chances , flicking the ball over the bar with the first and being denied by Pegolo with the second . But 18 minutes from time he rose unmarked in the box to head home a David Beckham corner . The Brazilian sealed his first Milan hat-trick with a rocket into the top corner from outside the area a minute from time . Meanwhile , Juventus slumped to their seventh defeat in 10-games with a 1-0 reverse at Chievo that is sure to increase the pressure on under-fire coach Ciro Ferrara . Gennaro Sardo 's stunning first-half strike proved to be the only goal of the game as Juve turned in a performance lacking energy and confidence which comes on the back of a 3-0 hammering at the hands of Milan in their last league outing . Juve dropped to fifth and out of the Champions League places as both Roma and Napoli overtook them . Roma moved up to third as on-loan Bayern Munich striker Luca Toni scored his first goals for the club in a 3-0 win over Genoa . Simone Perrotta opened the scoring on 17 minutes after a scramble at a corner and then Toni turned home Mirko Vucinic 's cross on the stroke of half-time . And , on the hour mark , Vucinic turned provider again for Toni to head home his second . Napoli could not fully capitalize as they were held 0-0 at home by Palermo but still extended their unbeaten league run to 14 matches .	Brazilian Ronaldinho plundered a hat-trick as AC Milan crushed 10-man Siena 4-0 in Serie A The result means Milan close the gap on Serie A leaders and city rivals Inter Milan to just six points Juventus continue to slide down the table after slumping to a 1-0 defeat at Chievo
