Tokyo , Japan  CNN  -- Toyota announced Thursday it was testing all its SUVs after it suspended worldwide sales of the Lexus GX 460 because of a reported risk of rollover . The carmaker does not plan to suspend the sales of other vehicles it 's testing , said Ririko Takeuchi , a spokeswoman . But it will suspend Lexus GX 460 sales . Testing will include current models of Toyota 's Rav4 , FJ Cruiser , Highlander , 4Runner , Sequoia , Land Cruiser and Sienna , said Paul Nolasco , a Toyota spokesman in Tokyo . "  Toyota is testing not only the GX , but other SUVs simply because we want to make sure everything is right for our customers . Customer safety is our top priority , " Nolasco said . "  There has been no indication there would be any problem in the other vehicles , so , for the time being as soon as we have results of those tests , including the test of the GX , we 'll be sure to make those public . " Is Toyota ` moving forward ' as its tagline says ? Suspension of GX 460 sales is another blow on the automaker , which recalled about 8 million vehicles earlier this year because of multiple problems . Consumer Reports magazine warned readers Tuesday not to buy the GX 460 because it could flip over in hard turns . Shortly after the magazine issued its warning , Toyota announced it was suspending sales of the luxury vehicle in the United States and Canada . Toyota spokeswoman Mieko Iwasaki said Thursday that the company was expanding the suspension to the Middle East and Russia , the only other markets where it was sold . "  We have no specific target in mind when to resume the sales , " she said . "  We are now investigating the case by trying to replicate the situation that Consumer Reports pointed out . " Consumer Reports said it judged the 2010 model to be a safety risk after a problem cropped up during standard emergency-handling tests . "  When pushed to its limits on our track 's handling course , the rear of the GX we bought slid out until the vehicle was almost sideways before the electronic stability control system was able to regain control , " the magazine reported . "  We believe that in real-world driving , that situation could lead to a rollover accident , which could cause serious injury or death . We are not aware , however , of any such reports . " The editors said their concern about rollover risk was magnified because the vehicle has a high center of gravity . The magazine urged owners to drive carefully when exiting the highway or driving on twisty roads while the carmaker prepares a software update for the stability-control system . Toyota put total sales at 5,400 in North America , 400 in the Middle East and 140 in Russia . In its response , Toyota said its engineers conducted similar tests and found no such issues . Edmunds.com lists the price for a new 2010 Lexus GX 460 as beginning at $ 51,970 . -- CNN 's Patty Lane contributed to this report .	NEW : Toyota tests all SUVs Toyota : Suspension of Lexus GX 460 expands to the Middle East and Russia Consumer Reports magazine cites turnover risk in warning not to buy SUV Magazine : Concern magnified because Lexus GX 460 has high center of gravity
CNN  -- Penn State head football coach Joe Paterno said Sunday the string of sexual child abuse charges against former assistant coach Jerry Sandusky are "  shocking . " Sandusky , 67 , allegedly engaged in fondling , oral and anal sex with young boys over a period of more than 10 years , according to an investigative state grand jury 's summary of testimony . He maintains he is innocent . Also named in the state grand jury report are Penn State Athletic Director Timothy Curley , 57 , and Gary Schultz , 62 , the university 's senior vice president for finance and business . They face one count of perjury each in connection to an alleged cover-up of the abuse . "  If true , the nature and amount of charges made are very shocking to me and all Penn Staters . While I did what I was supposed to with the one charge brought to my attention , like anyone else involved I ca n't help but be deeply saddened these matters are alleged to have occurred , " Paterno said in a statement . The legendary coach said an assistant coach told him in 2002 about an "  incident in the shower of our locker room facility . " "  It was obvious that the witness was distraught over what he saw , but he at no time related to me the very specific actions contained in the Grand Jury report . Regardless , it was clear that the witness saw something inappropriate involving Mr. Sandusky . As Coach Sandusky was retired from our coaching staff at that time , I referred the matter to university administrators , " Paterno said . Sandusky , who served 23 years as defensive coordinator for the Nittany Lions , faces seven counts of involuntary deviate sexual intercourse , and numerous other charges , including aggravated indecent assault and endangering the welfare of a child . In some cases , Sandusky promised boys gifts or invited them to football games and sleepovers , according to the grand jury . "  One of the most compelling and disturbing pieces of testimony in this investigation came from an eyewitness to a late-night sexual assault that allegedly occurred in March of 2002 , in the locker room of the Lasch Football Building on the University Park Campus , " Pennsylvania Attorney General Linda Kelly said Saturday . "  Hearing what sounded like sexual activity in the showers of a building that was supposed to be empty , a graduate assistant reportedly observed Sandusky sexually assaulting a naked boy who appeared to be about 10 years old , " she said . The assistant reported the incident to head football coach Paterno , who in turn alerted athletic director Curley , said Kelly . Instead of reporting the incident to authorities , Curley and Schultz banned Sandusky from having children from Second Mile visit the football building , Kelly said . Sandusky , who retired from coaching in 1999 , was founder of the Second Mile , a charitable organization that began as a group foster home "  dedicated to helping troubled boys , " the grand jury states . He was arrested and released Saturday on $ 100,000 unsecured bail . "  If this is true we were all fooled , along with scores of professionals trained in such things , and we grieve for the victims and their families . They are in our prayers , " Paterno said in his statement . He added : "  I understand that people are upset and angry , but let 's be fair and let the legal process unfold . In the meantime I would ask all Penn Staters to continue to trust in what that name represents , continue to pursue their lives every day with high ideals and not let these events shake their beliefs nor who they are . "	Paterno : "  If this is true we were all fooled " Former Penn State assistant coach Jerry Sandusky faces sexual child abuse charges Two other university officials are charged with perjury in an alleged cover-up Sandusky , out on bail , maintains he is innocent
Hong Kong  CNN  -- Attempting to forecast future events is a dangerous pastime . Who could have predicted the spectacular fall of Chinese politician Bo Xilai , once a rising political star , or the stunning escape of blind activist Chen Guangcheng from house arrest ? But forecasting is useful for journalists who should be primed to anticipate the dominant trends ahead . So , adding to what 's already out there , here goes . These are the five key China stories I 'll be looking out for in 2013 : US-China tensions The U.S. is wary of China 's military growth and economic might , while China is wary of America 's pivot to Asia and President Barack Obama 's increasingly tough line on trade . But in 2013 , there will be more immediate points of friction between the two giants . Xie Tao , a professor of Political Science at Beijing Foreign Studies University , underlines three specific trends to watch : "  Number one , whether Barack Obama will sell weapons to Taiwan in January ; second , whether China will continue to block U.S. efforts to resolve the crisis in Syria ; and number three , Iran . " Tao adds : "  I 'm not quite optimistic about peaceful cooperation between the two countries , but in the longer term , I 'm more optimistic than many other scholars of the U.S.-China relationship . " China 's Own Pivot to Asia As the U.S. makes its strategic pivot to Asia , China has been considering its own relationships in its backyard . Beijing is out to ink trade deals with Japan and South Korea while actively expanding trade ties with Southeast Asian countries like Laos and Myanmar . The New York Times ' Beijing-based Chief Diplomatic Correspondent Jane Perlez tells me : "  China is a cash power in Southeast Asia . They 're spending billions of dollars on roads and rail through the countries of Southeast Asia , that will enable goods to come up through China , then back down through China , and will knit the whole region together . " But given the ongoing tension with South Korea , Philippines and Japan over disputed islands in the South China Sea , as well as tension within Myanmar over China 's mineral mining operations , will Beijing lose the diplomatic war for hearts and minds in the region ? The Party 's Priority : Cleaning up corruption The Chinese Communist Party is facing a number of challenges that are undercutting its legitimacy : A widening rich-poor divide , a desperate need for social reforms , political corruption , and a spate of sex scandals involving Party officials . As such , the Communist Party must make cleaning up its own domestic affairs a top priority . Political commentator and columnist Frank Ching believes the new leadership 's top agenda is cleaning up the Party itself , adding this observation from the recent 18th Party Congress in Beijing : "  When Xi Jinping came out to introduce members of the Standing Committee , he did not mention foreign policy at all . He did n't say anything about international relations . I think that 's because he realizes China 's most serious problems are domestic ones , and he 's going to have to focus on those first . " China 's Smartphone Boom China , the world 's biggest Internet market , is forecast to overtake the U.S. in smartphone shipments and become the world 's leading smartphone market this year , according to research group IDC . With some retailing for as low as $ 160 , China 's cheap smartphones will make a huge social impact through China . According to Josh Ong , China Editor of The Next Web : "  It 's becoming more and more possible for Chinese consumers to skip bulky desktops or even laptops and netbooks and rely solely on their phones as their primary computing devices . Students , migrant workers , and even rural citizens stand to benefit greatly from the rise of affordable smartphones . " As more Chinese venture online  and on microblogs  via their smartphones , there will be greater public outcry and protest , as well as greater pressure on the government to manage the added censorship load . "  We have seen the beginnings of a digital accountability system . If nearly everyone has the means to record and instantaneously broadcast their surroundings , it will keep most people from acting out , " says Ong . China to the Moon In the second half of 2013 , China 's Chang-e III is expected to land on the moon . Once the lunar rover touches down on the lunar surface , expect a massive wave of propaganda touting its scientific might . China is still on a high after setting a deep-sea diving record in the Mariana Trench and successfully docking the Shenzhou-9 with the Tiangong 1 space lab in the same week earlier this year . But China on the moon will do far more than stir national pride . It will cement China 's own age of discovery for the world to admire and , in certain corners of the globe , fear . Chinese explorer Wong How Man says the message of China 's space program is clear and highly symbolic . "  We 're in space ... not just making cellphones . "	U.S. wary of China 's military , economic growth , while China is wary of America 's pivot to Asia China will also be considering its own often fractious relationships in its backyard Corruption will also be a key issue for the new Chinese leadership in 2013 Space exploration will continue as a symbolic marker for China 's development
Washington  CNN  -- Benjamin Franklin gets a facelift as the Treasury Department unveils a new $ 100 bill Wednesday , the first remake of the denomination since 1996 . The new design for the $ 100 note made its debut during a 10:30 a.m. ceremony at the Department of the Treasury 's Cash Room attended by Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner and Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke . "  The $ 100 note is the highest value denomination of U.S. currency in general circulation , and it circulates broadly around the world , " according to a statement from the Bureau of Engraving and Printing . The denomination is popular when large amounts of cash need to be carried internationally . Anti-counterfeiting measures are the main reason the United States has been making changes in currency . The currency changes started in 1996 with the $ 100 bill , followed by a new $ 20 bill in 2003 . The $ 50 bill got an overhaul in 2004 , and the $ 10 was redesigned in 2006 . The $ 5 bill was upgraded in 2008 . Watch CNNMoney video : Meet the new Benjamin Security features added to the paper help people to spot bogus bills . They include watermarks and an embedded security thread .	New $ 100 bill unveiled Wednesday at U.S. Department of Treasury It is the first redesign of the denomination in 14 years Currency changes come to stay ahead of counterfeiters
CNN  -- Rick Perry 's announcement that he wo n't run for an unprecedented fourth term as Texas governor next year increases already rampant speculation that he 'll launch another bid for the White House in 2016 . Considering how the Republican 's 2012 campaign faltered , there 's plenty of skepticism about the viability of a possible second presidential run . Perry : 2016 ` certainly an option ' The longest-serving governor in Texas history did n't reveal much about his political future as he announced on Monday that he would n't seek re-election . "  I will also pray and reflect and work to determine my own future path , " Perry told friends and supporters at an event in San Antonio . He added that "  any future considerations I will announce in due time and I will arrive at that decision appropriately . " Advisers hint at future as Perry exits as governor CNN National Political Correspondent Jim Acosta asked Perry after the event about his plans for time off . "  No time off , man , " Perry replied . He acknowledged on Fox News Sunday -- the day before his announcement -- that he is keeping his eye on the next presidential campaign calendar , saying that is "  certainly , that 's an option . " Perry advisers also are not shooting down suggestions that the governor is aiming for the Oval Office . The ill-fated 2012 run is the only black mark on a successful 30-year career in politics . Can Perry overcome his last presidential run ? He officially jumped into the race the previous August , later than the rest of the Republican field and announced his candidacy the same day of the GOP 's Iowa straw poll in Ames , won by Rep. Michele Bachmann . The best days of his campaign were the first ones , when he quickly topped polls for the Republican nomination . But the effort soon swooned due to weak debate performances and gaffes . Perrry 's most damaging episode was the "  oops " moment at a Michigan debate when he could n't remember the third federal agency he pledged to eliminate if elected president . "  He was supposed to be the conservative coming in from Texas , the new Ronald Reagan . He bombed in the debates , and I 'm being kind when I say he bombed in the debates , " said CNN Chief National Correspondent John King . Perry continued to fade and posted distant finishes in the Iowa caucuses and the New Hampshire primary . He suspended his bid in mid-January , prior to the South Carolina primary . If Perry could n't handle competitors like Mitt Romney , Rick Santorum , Newt Gingrich and other candidates in what was considered a weak Republican field last time out , would he fare any better in 2016 ? The roster could be stronger if Republican stars like New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie , Sen. Marco Rubio of Florida , Sen. Rand Paul of Kentucky , former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush , and Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker jump in . But if he runs , Perry would presumably enter the race at a much earlier date and would n't be fighting high expectations , which were placed on his candidacy from the start last time . He can also cite history . "  I would remind you of this : Ronald Reagan ran more than once ; John McCain ran more than once to get the nomination , Mitt Romney ran more than once to get the nomination . There 's still a conservative base of the Republican Party that likes Rick Perry , " King said . "  Would he need to do a hell of a lot better if he ran again ? Yes . But should you rule it out completely ? No . " Republican strategist and CNN contributor Kevin Madden also said experience matters . "  There 's nothing that helps a candidate run and win a nomination like the experience of having run and lost a nomination . The benefit of experience for candidates that have gone through the brutality of the process is a crucial advantage . That knowledge of what went right and what did n't could serve Rick Perry well this time around , " said Madden . Madden was a top adviser and spokesman in Romney 's unsuccessful bid for the 2008 GOP nomination , and the 2012 edition , in which Romney captured the nomination before losing the President Barack Obama last November . He said Romney 's campaign leadership took Perry seriously since he could raise money and would make a splash entering a fluid competition for the nomination . "  But he was destined to fade . The entire campaign had the feeling of being thrown together at the last minute . You simply can not just waltz into a presidential campaign and win without painstakingly planning it out well in advance , " Madden said . If Perry runs again , his first big test with Republican voters would be in Iowa , where the caucuses traditionally kick off the presidential nominating calendar for voters . Matt Strawn knows something about Iowa politics . He served as the state 's Republican party chairman in the last presidential cycle . "  With a wide open GOP nomination contest and an unsettled a GOP electorate , it would be foolish to write off a candidate with Governor Perry 's record of economic success , " Strawn told CNN . "  Americans love a comeback story . And a successful Perry presidential campaign would certainly be that , " added Strawn .	Longest-serving Texas governor announced this week he would not seek re-election Decision opens speculation that Perry might seek the 2016 Republican presidential nomination Perry has had a strong political run , but presidential bid last time out was a flop Competition could be tougher , too , if GOP stars like Rubio , Christie jump into race
CNN Student News  -- October 6 , 2014 First up this Monday , we cover the latest jobs numbers from the U.S. government , the significance of the report , and how Democrats and Republicans are characterizing it . We also look into three recent tragedies involving high school football players . And we report on what could be the first U.S. military casualty in the war against ISIS . Sports history and brain science also factor in to today 's show . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript and a place for you to request to be on the CNN Student News Roll Call . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show . ROLL CALL For a chance to be mentioned on the next CNN Student News , comment on the bottom of this page with your school name , mascot , city and state . We will be selecting schools from the comments of the previous show . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call ! Thank you for using CNN Student News !	This page includes the show Transcript Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary At the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on CNN Student News . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call .
CNN  -- President Barack Obama has taken a lot of flak lately , some of which has been deserved . But there is one issue that history is likely to show that he deserves major props for innovation and courage -- climate change . Indeed , the deal concluded with China this week marks another example in which the President has bucked conventional wisdom , attacks from the climate deniers , and even lukewarm support from parts of his own party scared to be honest about the impact of fossil fuels or to come up with creative solutions to the challenges posed by climate change . Let 's start with innovation . The clichÃ © that necessity is the mother of invention is clearly appropriate here . Domestically , despite foot-dragging and overt hostility from the Congress -- soon to get worse with the elevation of Sen. James Inhofe to chair the Senate Environment Committee -- Obama has doggedly used his executive and rule-making powers to put the country on the path toward a lower carbon future . Perhaps he has been inspired by how another president , Franklin D. Roosevelt , had to use smaller scale action like lend-lease to prepare for war , in the face of virulent opposition . But a global problem also requires international agreements , which is why -- rather than wait for the nearly 200 parties of the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change to come to agreement on a huge basket of climate-related issues -- the President is right in finding ways to work with other major greenhouse gas emitters . He has n't given up on the UNFCCC process , but he is trying more than that . The reality is that climate negotiations have long been stalled , lost in a Groundhog Day cycle of yearly meetings ending in plans for more meetings . It 's a top-down model for negotiations whose effectiveness was put in doubt by reports years ago , and one that ignores the unimpressive success rate of the hundreds of agreements on a variety of environmental challenges that followed the prototype Stockholm 1972 Declaration of the United Nations Conference on the Human Environment . Instead , policy makers should follow a different approach , one that has had a surprising amount of success over the years -- nuclear disarmament . Initially , the great powers bet on a single negotiating process , "  General and Complete Disarmament , " involving all members of the United Nations . But when the Cuban Missile Crisis crystallized the very real danger of the nuclear arms race , key governments identified aspects of the overall problem on which they might find common ground . Gradually , over time , this focus on smaller targets led to solid , incremental progress toward the overarching goals . The progress really started with the 1963 Limited Test Ban Treaty , prohibiting nuclear testing in the atmosphere , in space , and under the seas . Issues since have been variously resolved opportunistically in multilateral , regional and bilateral fora with alternative bodies picking up the action when other efforts have stalled . The strategy was successful : In contrast to the dozens of nuclear powers expected by 2000 , there are in fact only eight now , and there are still expected to be less than a dozen by 2020 . Making deals with massive greenhouse-gas emitters China and India , as the President has done in recent weeks , echoes the productive bilateral arms efforts between the United States and the Soviet Union/Russia , two countries that control 90 % of the world 's nuclear weapons . Indeed , more than a dozen agreements over 40 years established communications channels and protocols to avoid accidental nuclear wars , and reduce nuclear weapon stockpiles from more than 25,000 each at the height of the Cold War to roughly 5,000 and 12,000 , respectively , today . Of course , a deal-by-deal approach may not be enough to solve every climate-related challenge . But the nuclear context shows that success breeds success , and clear progress can create political momentum for further agreements . Significantly , virtually every multilateral nuclear agreement was put in place even though key countries refused to participate , yet the fact an agreement has been made created political pressures and norms that eventually prompted others to sign up . Essentially , the message is this : Why wait for the entire world to be on-board if a small number can make significant progress . Here in the United States , a parallel process is already taking place , mobilizing existing resources to improve energy efficiency , step-by-step . As part of this , the President appears to be experimenting -- productively , domestically and internationally -- with a variety of ways to break the huge challenge of climate change into smaller bites and alternative pathways . And this is where we see courage . Whether the President succeeds is not yet known to us . But he appears to have quietly and thoughtfully reviewed the options before him and staked out a realistic pathway , fraught with many dangers , to try to save humanity from the increasing threat of climate change .	Obama has shown courage on climate : Greenspan Bell and Blechman Nuclear talks may offer template for progress , authors say Top-down approach to climate policy does n't work , they say
JOHANNESBURG , South Africa  CNN  -- Zambian President Levy Mwanawasa died Tuesday at a hospital in Paris nearly two months after suffering a stroke , Zambian and French officials confirmed . He was 59 . Levy Mwanawasa , president of Zambia , died after suffering a stroke nearly two months ago . Mwanawasa fell ill in late June at an African Union summit in Sharm El Sheikh , Egypt , Zambian officials said at the time . Mwanawasa 's death "  is a great loss for the Zambian people who respected and had great affection for him , " according to a statement from French President Nicolas Sarkozy . "  It 's a great loss for the African continent as a whole , which appreciated his political courage , " Sarkozy 's statement said . "  It 's a big loss for democracy , for which he was an ardent defender his whole life . "  France salutes his memory , full of courage and liberty . " The Zambian leader was taken from a hospital in Egypt to an intensive care unit in Paris in June , but initial reports that he died days later turned out to be false . Mwanawasa would have turned 60 on September 3 . President Bush also issued a statement mourning the loss of Mwanawasa , described by the U.S. leader as "  a champion of democracy in his own country and throughout Africa . " "  As President of Zambia , President Mwanawasa launched a sweeping anti-corruption campaign and dedicated himself to improving the welfare of all Zambians , " according to the White House statement . "  As Chairman of the Southern African Development Community , President Mwanawasa worked tirelessly to uphold the values of good governance , speaking out against human rights abuses and threats to democracy when many others were silent . "  On behalf of the United States , we extend our sincere condolences to President Mwanawasa 's wife , his family , and all Zambians during this difficult time . " CNN 's Nkepile Mabuse in Johannesburg , South Africa contributed to this report	Zambia 's President Levy Mwanawasa dies in France , nearly 2 months after stroke Mwanawasa fell ill in late June at African Union summit in Sharm El Sheikh NEW : President Bush calls him a champion of democracy throughout Africa
Washington  CNN  -- A federal airport screener has been charged with sexual assault after he allegedly assaulted a woman near his home in Manassas , Virginia , police said Tuesday . Police said Harold Glenn Rodman , 52 , was wearing a uniform and displayed a badge at the time of the attack . Rodman is a Transportation Security Administration officer at Dulles International Airport , the TSA confirmed . He has been removed from security operations pending the investigation . According to Prince William County , Virginia , police , a 37-year-old woman and her friend were walking in a Manassas neighborhood when a man who was unknown to them approached , displayed a badge and then sexually assaulted the woman before fleeing on foot . Police responded to a call at 3:25 a.m. Sunday and , while canvassing the neighborhood , noticed a man matching the attacker 's description exit his home , police said . The man was arrested in connection with the incident , police said . Rodman is charged with abduction with intent to defile , aggravated sexual assault , forcible sodomy and object sexual penetration . A TSA spokesman said the TSA is working closely with police on the case . "  TSA holds its personnel to the highest professional and ethical standards , and investigates all allegations of misconduct , " TSA spokesman Greg Soule said . "  The disturbing allegations against this individual in no way reflect the work of the more than 50,000 security officers who every day ensure the security of the traveling public . "	Screener has been removed from security operations TSA is working with police Accuser says he was wering a uniform and badge
Syria 's conflict erupted in March 2011 when President Bashar al-Assad 's Alawite minority-dominated government launched a crackdown against a predominantly Sunni protest movement that grew into an uprising with an armed resistance . One year later , what is the situation , and what may happen next ? How did the unrest start ? The spark began in the southern Syrian city of Daraa with the arrests of at least 15 children for painting anti-government graffiti . Outrage over the arrests and the government 's humiliating and violent reactions to their complaints emboldened the opposition and helped it spread . By mid-March protests were occurring across Syria . How Syria 's unrest unfolded The government launched a full-scale siege on Daraa April 25 , with other towns , including Homs -- the country 's third-largest city -- following . Mass arrests unfolded and tales of torture spread across the country . The protest movement grew and solidified . Paul Salem , director of the Carnegie Middle East Center , believes "  it 's conceivable that if the events did n't happen in Daraa , " the uprising "  might not have occurred . " But the deep-seated political and economic reasons underlining Syrian discontent was an omen . Protest in Syria was "  going to happen " at some point , Salem said . Initially , protesters wanted basic reforms , more freedoms , a multi-party political system and an end to emergency law . The regime introduced some reforms , but they were too little , too late . Protesters now want the al-Assad regime out and true democratic elections . Al-Assad has been in power since 2000 ; his father , Hafez , ruled Syria for three decades . Read Bashar al-Assad : President defined by violence What is happening now ? The 12-month-old conflict shows no sign of abating . More than 8,000 people have now been killed , including many women and children , the U.N. said this month . Opposition activists put the toll at more than 9,000 . Thousands more have been arrested or have disappeared , while about 30,000 Syrians have fled to neighboring countries . CNN can not independently confirm reports of casualties or attacks in Syria because the government has severely restricted the access of international journalists . But reports from inside Syria indicate the regime is slaughtering civilians to wipe out dissidents seeking al-Assad 's ouster . Al-Assad 's regime routinely insists "  armed terrorist groups " are behind the bloodshed in Syria . And the rebels ' tactics seem to be changing too . Videos show that jihad appears to have come to Syria with attacks on government forces that closely resemble jihadist tactics that are the hallmark of al Qaeda . How has al-Assad survived ? Many analysts admit they under-estimated the Syrian leader 's powers of survival . "  Al-Assad proved us wrong on multiple grounds and is far more durable than we thought , " Fawaz Gerges , professor of international relations at the London School of Economics , told CNN . "  He 's not only weathered the offensive and absorbed the shocks , but he 's gone on the attack to try to crush the armed wing of the uprising . " Unlike former Egyptian and Libyan leaders , Hosni Mubarak and Moammar Gadhafi , who were both deposed after uprisings in their countries , Al-Assad has adapted to the situation in his , Gerges said , and is in no immediate danger . "  His security apparatus has held its ground , and there have been few defections from the top elite in the military and security services . " So the momentum the Syrian rebels had during the Arab Spring has slowed . One reason was because of the assumption that the regime would not use the level of force it has , said Chris Phillips , lecturer in international relations at Queen Mary , University of London . "  Initially al-Assad had to fabricate the existence of an armed opposition in Syria , but the emergence of such groups gave the regime pretext to crack down so heavily . " What external factors are in play ? The Syrian regime has come under international pressure to stop the crackdown -- the U.N. , the United States , the European Union and some members of the Arab League have called for President al-Assad to step down -- but so far there has been little action . Many Western countries have imposed sanctions , but the U.N. Security Council has failed to agree on a resolution calling for al-Assad to go . Arab and Western diplomats voiced their support for a draft resolution calling for a halt to the crackdown , but representatives from Russia and China vetoed it in October . Russia -- which , like China , is one of the five veto-wielding permanent members of the Security Council -- has said it is concerned about a Syrian civil war and does not want al-Assad ousted . It has proposed its own draft resolution that assigns equal blame for the violence on both al-Assad and the opposition . Syria 's neighbors are concerned about an influx of refugees . Jordan 's King Abdullah called for al-Assad to step down , the Arab League suspended Syria 's membership , and Turkey , one of Syria 's largest trading partners , imposed sanctions and threatened to cut off Syria 's electricity . But crucially Iran 's Shiite leadership remains loyal to al-Assad , who is an Alawite , an offshoot of Shia Islam that is in a minority in Syria . "  Syria is caught in the middle of a regional crisis , " said Gerges . "  On the one hand there 's Iran and on the other , Saudi Arabia and the Gulf countries . One must also never under-estimate the lengths that Russia will go to in standing behind the regime . " With videos posted on social media providing much impetus for the uprising , Tehran 's help is vital , analysts say . "  Iran is now supplying crucial intelligence on rebels who are posting YouTube videos as well as finance , " said Phillips . "  Russia and China are also providing diplomatic cover -- so we can see how al-Assad has deftly repositioned his international alliances to stay in power . " Is there any prospect of military intervention ? Last year , the U.N. Security Council voted to impose a no-fly zone in Libya and use "  all necessary measures " to protect its people from Moammar Gadhafi . But there is no such appetite for similar action against Syria . "  The Chinese and Russians are dead set against  intervention  , " said CNN 's Fareed Zakaria in a recent blog post . "  So it could n't happen through the United Nations . There would be effectively a kind of unilateral or NATO operation with no international legitimacy . " And while there are calls for robust military intervention , that could be the worst possible thing to do , according to Rami Khouri , who runs the international affairs program at the American University in Beirut . "  I think foreign military intervention would probably be catastrophic , and to hear Americans suggest this is to think back what they did in Iraq and what an extraordinary catastrophe that has been , " Khouri said on "  Fareed Zakaria GPS . " Experts point out that while the opposition groups in Libya were relatively united and organized , the same can not be said for rebels in Syria . Al-Assad also continues to hold a vice-like grip on the country 's security apparatus , and has the support of the army , one that is much stronger , better equipped and more unified than the one in Libya . Geography must also be taken into account when considering intervention in Syria . Libya was relatively easy last year : most targets were near the Mediterranean coast and NATO air bases in Italy . But Syria has a much smaller coastline than Libya  roughly 119 miles vs. 1,110 miles  , and neighboring countries probably wo n't be so accommodating for supplies , troops or anything else needed in a possible mission . Is the opposition united ? Weapons are flowing in , refugees are fleeing , but there seems little in the way of an organized Syrian opposition with which to work . And while Sunni Muslim neighbors such as Saudi Arabia and Qatar want al-Assad 's removal , this seems more of an opportunistic anti-Iran strategy . Among the resistance forces are apparently some radical Sunni fighters , perhaps al Qaeda itself , and others whose ascension to power would likely cause a further crisis , with millions of Christians and other religious minorities fleeing from the region . The failure of opposition groups to unite is the main reason the uprising has stalled , analysts say . "  If I was the opposition , I 'd look to the longer term , " said Gerges . "  They 've presented a narrative to the outside world that al-Assad 's days are numbered . They 've spent time trying to get military intervention but not enough on unifying themselves into a cohesive group . They believe they 're going to win in the end but at the moment they 're divided both in and outside Syria . " The opposition has failed so far to win the support of wider sections of Syrian society , most observers believe . "  The rebels have n't proved a credible force either politically or militarily , " said Phillips . "  The regime is easily a match for them on the battlefield , but crucially the Sunni merchant classes in cities like Aleppo have remained neutral . " What might happen next ? The conflict is likely to continue with neither side able to deliver a knockout blow . Analysts believe al-Assad is secure in the short-term with regional backing from Iran and wider diplomatic cover from Russia and China . But even if it defeats the opposition , Phillips said it is unclear how the regime can repackage itself . "  It 's very difficult to see how the opposition is going to topple al-Assad , but one must ask if he has alienated his core constituents so much that he can not rule by consent ? " he asked . And the longer the conflict continues , the more fundamentalist Islamist elements will get involved , analysts say . "  If it goes on some Syrians will turn to jihadi-style tactics , " said Gerges . "  I would n't be surprised if it eventually goes the way of Iraq although it 's important to stress that the bulk of the armed response now is local Syrian , not al Qaeda . " In a recent blog posting , Fareed Zakaria pointed out that al-Assad drew an unfortunate lesson from the Arab Spring : "  Do n't waiver ; do n't make concessions ; do n't show weakness . In al-Assad 's eyes , Egypt 's Hosni Mubarak vacillated in his response to protests and ended up in prison . Libya 's Moammar Gadhafi was n't ruthless enough and ended up dead . Al-Assad has chosen to be brutal . " However he said in the longer term al-Assad 's position is weak . For this reason , Zakaria said : "  The government will not be able to fully suppress this revolt . The opposition will prove unable to completely overturn the government . The stalemate could go on for a long , long time . "	Protests across Syria began on March 15 , 2011 after children 's arrest for graffiti Opposition initially wanted reform ; now it wants regime out and democratic elections More than 8,000 people have been killed , including many women and children Analysts say President al-Assad is safe in short term but less so further ahead
CNN  -- President Barack Obama expressed hope Tuesday that the United States and Pakistan can arrive at a "  balanced approach " to relations as he met with Pakistani Prime Minister Yousuf Raza Gilani for the first time since a string of damaging episodes last year . The talks Tuesday between the two leaders on the sidelines of a large nuclear security summit meeting in Seoul are the highest profile meeting between the two countries since NATO airstrikes on November 26 killed 24 Pakistani soldiers on the Pakistani-Afghan border . The deaths drove relations between Washington and Islamabad to a new low , coming on top of anger over the U.S. raid that killed Osama bin Laden at a compound in Pakistan last May , and continued American drone strikes on targets in the nation . The Pakistani parliament is expected this week to start debating a committee 's recommendation that the United States stop drone strikes inside its territory and apologize unconditionally for the November airstrikes . "  There have been times -- I think we should be candid -- over the last several months where those relations have had periods of strains , " Obama said at the start of the meeting with Gilani . "  But I welcome the fact that the Parliament of Pakistan is reviewing , after some extensive study , the nature of this relationship . " The Parliamentary Committee on National Security , a group of 18 members of parliament responsible for reviewing relations with the United States , made its recommendations in a report to lawmakers last week . "  No overt or covert operations inside Pakistan shall be tolerated , " the report said . Obama said his expectation was that as a result of the Pakistani review and discussions in the United States , "  That we can achieve the kind of balanced approach that respects Pakistan 's sovereignty but also respects our concerns with respect to our national security and our needs to battle terrorists who have targeted us in the past . " Gilani expressed appreciation that Obama had acknowledged the need to respect Pakistani sovereignty and said his government was committed to fighting against extremism . He also said it was important to maintain stability in both Pakistan and Afghanistan . Beyond the meeting Tuesday , there remains much work to be done to mend ties between Washington and Islamabad . Following the fateful border airstrikes in November , the Pakistani government shut down the two NATO supply routes in the country , asked the United States to vacate an air base on its territory and boycotted a conference about the future of Afghanistan . The Pakistani parliamentary report on relations with the United States gave an indication of the lingering discontent among Pakistani officials . Calling on the Pakistani government to ensure that "  the principles of an independent foreign policy " are observed , the report said that the United States "  must review its footprints in Pakistan . " The three key points it listed in that regard were the cessation of drone strikes inside Pakistani borders , "  no hot pursuit or boots on Pakistani territory , " and the need for the activities of foreign private security contractors to be "  transparent and subject to Pakistani law . " It demanded an "  unconditional apology from the United States for the unprovoked incident dated 25th-26th November 2011 . " It also said that those responsible for the airstrikes should be brought to justice . When lawmakers reconvened Monday , the committee 's report was on the agenda , but the speaker did not call it up for debate . The joint session of the parliament must decide whether to act on the recommendations . Hiader Abbas Rizvi , a committee member , said he expected the recommendations to be approved , but not before several days of debate . "  We kept in mind both the angles , domestic demands and the requirement by the international community , while compiling our recommendations , " Rizvi said . "  We were optimistic , progressive , but of course patriotic Pakistanis at the end while we were compiling the recommendations . " An investigation into the lethal NATO airstrikes in November by Brig. Gen. Stephen Clark on behalf of the United States concluded that Pakistan provoked NATO forces and that distrust between the two parties led to the firefight . Pakistan disputed the findings , saying Clark 's report was factually incorrect . There has been a sharp drop in the number of drone attacks in Pakistan since the airstrikes . U.S. officials rarely discuss the CIA 's drone program in Pakistan , though privately they have said that the covert strikes are legal and an effective tactic in the fight against extremists . In January , Obama defended the use of drone attacks , saying a "  pinpoint strike " is "  less intrusive " on other countries ' sovereignty than other military ways to target al Qaeda . He gave no indication that the U.S. policy of ordering drone strikes would change , at least as long as a terrorist threat remains . CNN 's Jethro Mullen , Shaan Khan , Nasir Habib and Reza Sayah contributed to this report .	NEW : Obama says the two countries can achieve a ` balanced approach ' to relations NEW : Gilani welcomes Obama 's comment on the need to respect Pakistani sovereignty Ties between the U.S. and Pakistan have been strained by recent events They include the killing of bin Laden and airstrikes that left Pakistani soldiers dead
The Wolf of Wall Street vividly remembers he was so stoned out of his mind at that mahogany-laden restaurant with the imposing edifice , while savoring a bottle of 1945 Chateau Lafite Rothschild , running up a $ 30,000 tab in one night . After all , it was just dinner . In the 1990s , Jordan Belfort was already the self-proclaimed king of the world , raking in nearly a million dollars a week , all the while fashioning himself an ultra-hip , white Ferrari Testarossa-driving Don Johnson from Miami Vice . Really . And then there were the women . The real ` Wolf of Wall Street ' on Leo DiCaprio 's portrayal Throw in a steady stream of salaciousness with stunning strippers and call girls , ungodly quantities of Quaaludes , cocaine and assorted excesses that rivaled Sodom and Gomorrah and you have something close to describing Jordan Belfort 's life . Or what was his life . "  Once I scuba dived on four Quaaludes and passed out at the bottom of the ocean , you know , 60 feet under , and somehow made it up alive , " he recalled in a 2008 interview with a degree of both relish and self-loathing . These days , the hoopla is on land . The three-hour Martin Scorsese-directed epic based on Belfort 's life and bestselling book , "  The Wolf of Wall Street , " premieres on December 25 . If you are looking for a Christmas morality tale , this is n't it . The real king of the world , Leonardo DiCaprio , portrays Belfort . Photos : Hollywood takes on Wall Street The film , which also stars Jonah Hill and Matthew McConaughey , portrays Belfort 's world and the people who worked for him in what was a fraudulent stock enterprise . Belfort 's then-wife Nadine , who he calls "  The Duchess " in his book , is played by Margot Robbie . Belfort 's millions were based on a huge lie , a massive "  pump and dump " stock scheme at the firm he started called Stratton Oakmont . It was n't on Wall Street , but in Lake Success on Long Island . Along the way , it was the firm 's outrageous office antics and parties that would cement the legend of Jordan Belfort . In more than 2 1/2 hours of home videos obtained by CNN from a 1991 party in the Hamptons and another on his yacht , Belfort appears downright giddy , reminiscent of one of his favorite movie characters , Gordon Gekko from the film "  Wall Street . " Addressing the throngs of Strattonites at the 1991 party , Belfort declares , "  And I make one more guarantee . Six months from now , what you 're doing right now is going to be nothing again . OK , that 's the bottom line . The guys who are doing 200 , will be doing 400 , the guys doing 400 will be doing 600 . And they 'll still be one guy that is going to break that million dollar for the month . " The real ` Wolf of Wall Street ' sounds off on the film Looking back on those parties , Belfort told us in 2008 , "  On Wall Street , it 's like boom . You just jump to the top of the heap and it 's just mind-boggling , and that 's what really turned me on . And then of course , you know the thousand-dollar suits , the gold watches and the drinking at lunch , and the cocaine at the end of the day . ... It was almost like adult Disneyland for dysfunctional people . " In other words , instant gratification . "  Was sleeping with a hooker about the instant gratification of sex ? No . I think for me it was probably more about power . And I think , it 's more about status on Wall Street . ... I got very little enjoyment from that whole , you know , prostitution thing . " Greed as Belfort knew it , he says , is not good . "  The greed 's good to a point until it reverses on you and makes you into a monster . You know , there were times I look back at the way I acted and some of the things I did -- I was a monster . "	Jordan Belfort was the self-proclaimed ` Wolf of Wall Street ' He served 22 months in prison for stock fraud Leonardo DiCaprio plays Belfort in Martin Scorsese 's new film
CNN  -- News of Angelina Jolie 's decision to undergo a prophylactic double mastectomy has instantly increased awareness of hereditary forms of cancer caused by mutations in the BRCA1 and BRCA2 genes . While the BRCA1 and BRCA2 genes were discovered in the mid-1990s , genetic testing for the genes is increasingly available . Jolie 's case highlights the importance of knowing one 's family history and learning one 's cancer risks in order to address them proactively . Everyone has the BRCA1 and BRCA2 genes . We have two copies of each gene and get one each from our mother and father . They play a role in protecting the body against the development of cancer . Individuals with mutations in either of these genes have increased cancer risks , most notably for breast and ovarian cancer . Individuals with mutations in BRCA1 and BRCA2 benefit from tailored management aimed at reducing cancer risks and detecting cancers early when they are most treatable . Genetic counselors and other health care providers can help determine if testing is appropriate and who in the family should undergo testing first . In addition , it is important to provide educational and anticipatory guidance on the impact and implications of genetic test results . Five reasons we love Angelina Jolie Here are some common questions that our team is asked regarding genetic testing for breast and ovarian cancer : What is BRCA testing ? BRCA testing is a genetic test that looks at the sequence or code of the BRCA1 and/or BRCA2 genes . Changes or mutations in the genetic code indicate increased cancer risks . The test can be performed on a blood or saliva sample . It takes about three weeks to get results . What does a positive result mean ? A positive test result in BRCA1 or BRCA2 means that the person has a genetic mutation that increases cancer risk . A positive BRCA1 result gives a woman a 60 % to 80 % lifetime risk of breast cancer and a 30 % to 45 % lifetime risk of ovarian cancer . A positive BRCA2 result gives a woman a 50 % to 70 % lifetime risk of breast cancer and a 10 % to 20 % lifetime risk of ovarian cancer . Opinion : When removing breast is not the answer BRCA1 and BRCA2 are also associated with other moderately increased cancer risks that vary , depending on which gene has a mutation . For example , BRCA2 mutations are also associated with an increased risk of prostate cancer , pancreatic cancer and male breast cancer . Does everyone need to be tested ? If not , who should be ? Only about 5 % of breast cancers and 10 % to 15 % of ovarian cancers are caused by mutations in BRCA1 and BRCA2 . Therefore , not everyone needs to undergo genetic testing . Genetic counselors and other health care providers can help determine whether genetic testing is appropriate by exploring one 's personal and family history of cancer and other factors such as ethnicity , as BRCA1 and BRCA2 mutations are more common in certain populations . How much is BRCA testing , and does insurance cover it ? BRCA testing is usually covered by insurance if certain criteria are met . There are different types of BRCA testing , ranging in cost from $ 475 to about $ 4,000 . Genetic counselors are helpful in determining what type of testing is indicated . Testing is less expensive once a mutation has been identified within a family . Who should get genetic counseling ? Individuals with a personal or family history of breast cancer appearing before age 50 , ovarian cancer at any age , breast cancer in both breasts , male breast cancer , multiple cases of breast cancer within a family , and breast cancer in individuals of Ashkenazi Jewish ancestry should get genetic counseling to determine whether they should be tested . When should I be tested ? In addition to determining if BRCA testing is appropriate for you or your family , your health care providers can help you consider when to undergo genetic testing . Why more women are choosing double mastectomies It is important to consider when medical management might be changed for individuals with BRCA1 or BRCA2 mutations , as this can guide the decision of when to test . For example , breast cancer screening typically starts at age 25 for women with mutations . Since BRCA mutations are not associated with pediatric cancer risks , testing for children is not recommended . What factors should I weigh in deciding whether to have a preventive mastectomy or oophorectomy  ovary removal  ? Detailed discussions with genetics experts , surgical oncologists , plastic surgeons and genetic counselors are important steps in considering whether and when a prophylactic mastectomy or oophorectomy is right for you . While the lifetime risk for breast and ovarian cancers in BRCA carriers are high , the risks increase with age . Considering the risk of breast or ovarian cancer based on age can be helpful in timing these interventions . Since breast cancer screening is good at picking up breast cancers early , when they are most treatable , screening is a reasonable option for carriers . Since ovarian cancer screening has not been proven reliably to catch ovarian cancers early , risk-reducing oophorectomy is recommended for BRCA1 and BRCA2 carriers , ideally between the ages of 35 and 40 . Should I test my breasts ?	Everyone has BRCA1 and BRCA2 genes ; a mutation can show increased cancer risk Not everyone needs to be tested for the gene mutation Genetic counselors and other providers can help determine whether to test and when
CNN  -- Patrick Kennedy is sprawled in a too-small chair in a tiny courtyard in Atlanta , talking to a reporter and trying to catch the early spring sunlight . The 43-year-old Kennedy left Congress in January , after spending more than half his life in public office . Now he 's outside the Carter Center , taking a break after talking up his latest plan to a group of mental health advocates , including former first lady Rosalynn Carter . One thing Kennedy enjoys is talking , and these days , he can say whatever he wants . He shouts when he gets excited . He laughs a lot . He curses when he brings up frustrations . What he 's talking about now is "  Moonshot . " If Kennedy has his way , 50 years from now the world will remember next week as the first step on one of the great triumphant journeys -- like the call by Patrick 's uncle , President John F. Kennedy , that sent men to the moon . Patrick Kennedy : Brain research is the new ` moon shot ' That call , as Kennedy likes to point out , came May 25 , 1961 -- a half-century ago . Today , says Kennedy , the race is to inner space , the goal to create a detailed map of the brain in 10 years , with advances toward curing "  every kind of brain disease . " The role Kennedy plays now would have been hard to imagine back in May of 2006 , when he made his woozy emergence from a green Mustang convertible with an old Kerry-Gephardt bumper sticker on the back , which he 'd just crashed into a concrete barrier near the U.S. Capitol shortly after 2:30 in the morning . A day later , head bowed , Kennedy blamed sleeping pills for the crash and announced he was checking into rehab at the Mayo Clinic in Minnesota . We did n't know the whole story then , that the congressman had already been to rehab a half-dozen times . As is often the case , there had been hints . Shoving a security guard at the Los Angeles International Airport . A fight on a yacht , that brought a visit from the Coast Guard . Another boat , and another fight , this time with the rental company . Kennedy has acknowledged a trip to rehab for cocaine abuse way back in 1985 , as a 17-year-old high school senior in Andover , Massachusetts . Along the way he also got a diagnosis of bipolar illness , although he now says recent testing suggests he is not bipolar but has a different , unspecified disorder . At the time of the infamous Capitol Hill crash , Jim Ramstad was a Republican congressman from Minnesota . He was also a recovering alcoholic , who had his last drink in 1981 , shortly before an unpleasant encounter with some Sioux Falls , South Dakota , police officers . "  I called Patrick that morning , and told him I knew exactly what he was going through . And if he wanted me to come to him and talk , I would . " Ramstad had worked with Kennedy on mental health legislation but was not a close confidant . That changed over the next few weeks , as he paid repeated visits to the Mayo Clinic . "  We really formed a bond of friendship , and got to be close friends , " says Ramstad . The former congressman , who became Kennedy 's sponsor at Alcoholics Anonymous , says he 's proud his friend was so open about the public crackup . "  Patrick got up there and told the truth . He let it all hang out , so to speak . And that 's why he has been able to recover . " After getting home from the Mayo Clinic , most politicians -- heck , pretty much any politician you can think of -- would have run from the attention . Kennedy seemed to embrace it . By 2008 , he was leading the drive for "  parity , " the requirement that mental ailments -- addiction included -- must be covered by insurance companies , along with other kinds of illness . President Bush signed the bill into law that year . Says Ramstad , one of the bill 's original sponsors a decade earlier : "  Without Patrick and his father  Sen. Ted Kennedy  as catalysts , we never would have passed the legislation . " In a Boston hotel suite in early April , Kennedy explained his vision of parity . "  If you have diabetes and have a chemical imbalance so you need more insulin , you do n't get any questions about it . But if you need a neurotransmitter -- more serotonin , or dopamine -- then  people  look at that as something askew , as if the brain is n't part of the body , " says Kennedy , his voice rising . "  I mean , we 're in modern times and people are still treating this illness , mental illness , as if it 's back in the Dark Ages . " If 2008 was a year of professional triumph , it also brought devastating personal news : that Patrick 's father was fighting a brain tumor . "  He gave me an implicit message when he asked me to be around him at the end of his life , " says Kennedy , who calls the final time with his father "  the most important year of my life . " As Kennedy recalls it now , "  The only thing that mattered to  my dad  when he was alone at the end of his life was not being alone and being surrounded by the people he loved the most , who he knew loved him the most . " The strain took a toll on Patrick . Two months before his father 's death , he checked into rehab again . When Ted Kennedy died in August 2009 , Patrick took it hard . Six months later , he announced he would not run for re-election . He seems to have walked away on his own terms . "  He would have won re-election easily , " according to Darrell West , a political scientist who has followed Kennedy 's career closely since the early 1990s . Incidentally , Kennedy 's departure in January marked the first time in 58 years that there is no Kennedy in the national government -- no congressman , senator or president . Kennedy says he was tired of struggling with the stress of public office . "  I have put certain days together , and managed effectively to live and fight for another day legislatively , " says Kennedy . But , "  I 'm looking to live more than just surviving . I 'm looking to live a life that 's fuller in sobriety . I could function  while still in office  , but that 's not all I want to do . I want to live . " He 's seized the opportunity . Come July , Kennedy will be married , to Amy Petitgout , a sixth-grade history teacher he met after , yes , another talk . It was about special education , the cause championed by his aunts Eunice Kennedy Shriver , who founded the special Olympics , and Jean Kennedy Smith , who received the Presidential Medal of Freedom for promoting the artistic talents of people with disabilities . Petitgout 's father , a special education teacher , had a ticket to the event but could n't go . As Kennedy says , "  The rest is history . " Ramstad , his AA sponsor , says his old friend is happier than ever . "  He was so close to his dad . They used to talk five or six times a day . Losing him left a huge void in his life . And now here comes Amy . " Kennedy glows when he talks about his fiancée , or about reading bedtime stories to her 3-year-old daughter . But he 's all impatient enthusiasm when talk comes back around to Moonshot , or as next week 's conference is officially called , "  One Mind for Brain Research . " The surroundings will be modest , an academic-style conference in Boston . Then again , President Kennedy 's original 1961 call for a space race was prosaic too , the last of several budget requests in a businesslike address to Congress four months after taking office . What we remember better is the stirring speech he gave at Rice University the following year . "  We choose to go to the moon in this decade and to do the other things , not because they are easy , but because they are hard , " the president famously declared . His nephew , Patrick , grins at the challenge ahead . "  This is a thousand moon shots in order of complexity , and that makes it all the more challenging . For our generation , this is our chance to make the difference . "	Former U.S. Rep. Patrick Kennedy launching new effort to map the human brain "  Moonshot " will work toward curing "  every kind of brain disease " Kennedy 's own addiction , mental health issue drive passion Kennedy : "  I 'm looking to live more than just surviving "
CNN  -- They used to say there was n't any law in Texas west of the Pecos . But there was ; it just came out of the end of someone 's gun . And apparently that still works as a legal construct in our courts . A San Antonio man was just acquitted of murder even though he admitted to shooting a woman during a dispute over paid sex . Ezekiel Gilbert said he shot Ivie Frago in the neck when she refused to return the $ 150 he gave her for sex . She was paralyzed and died seven months later at 23 . Frago had made the dreaded mistake of not understanding Texas has laws on the books that are much more frightful than Florida 's "  Stand Your Ground " statutes . The use of deadly force is apparently justified "  in the night " when someone attempts to leave with your valuable or tangible property . Frago instantly became a thief under Texas law when she refused to have sex or return the money , even though prostitution is also a crime . Gilbert , sadly , was transformed by circumstance into a legalized executioner of a young woman who would 've probably been out on bail an hour after being arrested for stealing the money . Gilbert says he is suffering , too , though , and now has to "  change the channel " when he sees TV shows "  about people using guns . " Gilbert broke down in tears when he heard the verdict and that might be because he knows he lives in a state where the rest of the nation thinks we have an express lane to get killers to death row . Texas is , usually , unduly hard on criminals . A few days before Gilbert was set free , a Waco man got 50 years in prison for stealing a rack of ribs . Willie Smith , 43 , had previous convictions for theft , cocaine possession and assault . The grocery store employee said Smith told him he was carrying a knife in his pocket when he stole the ribs . Because of that , he was classified under the law as a robber , which escalated the crime to a more severe category . Do n't get hungry with a knife in your pocket if you live in Texas , even though that $ 35 rack of ribs will cost Texas taxpayers hundreds of thousands of dollars to feed and incarcerate Smith until he is eligible for parole in about 15 years . Those of us who live here often ca n't make sense of our state , either . Maybe our love of Texas is a kind of curse . We often feel like we have fallen for someone perfect who has since gone crazy . In one of the world 's largest economies , driving development in technology , agriculture and energy and developing a culture that has given to history eternal art and literature , we also are the most abundant source of America 's clowns and political hypocrites . And they even proliferate during a drought while other crops are dying . I 'd like to believe there 's a form of Texas Tourette syndrome that causes our governmental institutions and some individuals to emit the unspeakable , or take actions that are disconnected from accepted norms of , well , at least the late 20th century . As discomforting as that lay diagnosis might be , none of us wants to believe headlines like the one about the travesty of Gilbert 's acquittal reflect the beliefs of Texas and its people . But we can no longer be certain . Some of our crazies we are proud of because they have national entertainment value . Our Republican Rep. Louie Gohmert sees a bright clear line running from gay marriage and bestiality to any attempts at gun control . If you do n't understand that limiting to 10 the number of bullets in a gun 's magazine is a consequence of allowing people of the same sex to be married , you might not live in Gohmert 's district . We are also the state that sent Ted Cruz to the U.S. Senate even as he touted a deep belief in a conspiracy between President Barack Obama and the United Nations to rid America of golf courses and paved roads . Ignorance is often no obstacle to success in Texas . In fact , it might be an advantage . Edith Jones , who sits as a justice on the Fifth U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in New Orleans , a jurisdiction that includes her home state of Texas , is a Ronald Reagan appointee who allegedly argued in a February lecture at the University of Pennsylvania that blacks and Hispanics are more likely to commit violent crimes . According to a judicial misconduct complaint filed by civil rights groups and others , she insisted blacks and Hispanics outnumber Anglos on death row because "  these racial groups are involved in more violent crime . " Though it would not have affected her insights , Judge and Jury Jones was speaking before the release of a new study of federal crime data by the ACLU that shows blacks , in particular , are arrested at a national rate almost four times that of whites , even for minor crimes such as marijuana use . "  Her honor " also allegedly insisted that it was a disservice to outlaw the death penalty for the mentally retarded , and that "  most Mexican nationals would rather be on death row in the U.S. than in a Mexican prison . " Although her cultural sensitivity courses were probably not completed , Jones is a graduate of the University of Texas Law School , which more than 25 years ago launched a national civil rights symposium to honor Heman Sweatt , an African-American who won a landmark case in 1950 to integrate the law school at the University of Texas . A part of the campus now bears his name . Many civil rights groups , meanwhile , have filed affidavits seeking Jones ' removal from the federal bench . A lot of Texans would like to start a similar process to dump our governor . But the odds of success are n't great . We have elected Rick Perry three times , regardless of his political behavior . He appoints creationists to the state school board to put his religion in textbooks , calls evolution a theory and he even tried to make same-sex marriage a felony . But Perry may have sinned against his own party when he vetoed a "  Buy American " bill that was approved overwhelmingly by a Republican-dominated legislature . There are many multinational corporations that are , in fact , "  buying American " when they make their large donations to Perry 's quivering national political aspirations , which might explain the veto pen . I was going to tell you about our attorney general who said that registering Democrats to vote in Texas was "  moreÂ dangerous than what the leader of North Korea threatened when he said he was going to add Austin as one of the recipients of his nuclear weapons . " I also wanted to mention the tea party activist who was recorded claiming , "  Republicans in Texas do n't want blacks to vote . " But I 'm trying to retain a little bit of pride here , and , anyway , there just is n't enough space to get it all told . In Texas , even our crazy is big . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of James C. Moore .	Texas man shot escort for not providing sex ; he was acquitted of murder James Moore : Texans who love Texas feel like they 've fallen for someone who 's gone crazy Moore : Judge said blacks , Hispanics more likely to commit crimes Moore says he can no longer be sure headlines like these do n't reflect everyday beliefs
CNN  -- When the body is totally inert , the brain can still be busy . Even in a coma , brain imaging technology has shown , some people 's brains show blood flow patterns that indicate something is going on inside their heads , although it 's not necessarily indicative of awareness . Doctors say they have observed "  significant brain activity " in former Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon . They are basing this statement on the results of experiments done with functional magnetic resonance imaging , or fMRI , showing that Sharon 's brain behaves differently when he is presented with familiar sounds and pictures than with unfamiliar stimuli . "  It suggests the brain has the capability to react , " said Dr. Fatta Nahab , neuroscientist at the University of Miami , who is not involved in Sharon 's care . "  What that means in terms of long-term outcomes is indeterminate . " FMRI lets scientists see changes in blood flow in the brain , which is associated with neuronal activity . It does not measure the actual activity , but can provide clues that some areas are still functional . How such results should be interpreted , and if there 's any connection to a potential recovery , is not known . Doctors compared Sharon 's brain responses when he viewed photos of random houses to when he was shown a photo of his own house . They observed a different response in the brain in conjunction with the familiar place than for the other images . Sharon , 84 , also showed distinct brain activity patterns when his family members spoke to him , compared to when their voices were distorted so they were no longer familiar and sounded like gibberish . The brain response for a family member 's voice was in "  the correct location " for when a cognitively normal person hears familiar people speaking , said Dr. Ilan Shelef , head of Medical Imaging at Soroka University Medical Center , who was involved in the fMRI tests but is not Sharon 's attending physician . Such results suggest there may be some higher processing of information going on , and that areas of the brain important for processing complex stimuli are still functioning , said Dr. Keith L. Black , chairman and professor in the department of neurosurgery at Cedars-Sinai Medical Center , who is not involved in Sharon 's care . It is not proof that Sharon is conscious of the familiar sounds and images , and recognizing them as a fully healthy person would , he said . Because doctors had not given these tests to Sharon previously , it 's unclear whether this represents an improvement . CNN has reported since 2006 that Sharon has been in a coma since suffering a massive stroke that year . The longer a person is in a coma , the less likely he or she is to recover , Nahab said . Shelef said that Sharon is not in a coma or vegetative state , and is somewhere between a coma and consciousness . He sleeps , wakes up , eats and swallows on his own , and his eyes open and close , Shelef said . Shelef declined to comment on Sharon 's general health . There is a continuum between brain death and normal awareness that patients such as Sharon fall into , Black said . The fMRI results suggest he is not brain dead , because areas above the brain stem are showing activity . There are also patients who are "  locked-in , " and are totally aware of the sights and sounds around them , but can not move or speak . Brain-controlled devices may help paralyzed people For clinical purposes , it appears that Sharon is in a coma , Black said . "  We have seen patients make remarkable improvements after being in a coma for a long time , but the best prognostic indicator is how one does over time , " Black said . "  Most improvement will occur within the first one to two years . " As Sharon has been in a coma for seven years , the fMRI evidence is positive , but it would be unusual for him to start talking , for example , given how long he has stayed in this state , Black said . The scientists have likely gotten these new results because , even when a person is in a coma , "  parts of the nervous system that are still functioning are capable of learning and capable of changing their activity patterns , " said Dr. Daniel Hanley , professor of neurology , neurosurgery and anesthesia at the Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine , who is not involved with Sharon 's care . It 's a phenomenon that has been studied and described before , he said . "  Even with severe brain injury , some qualities of the human existence are preserved and we should always treat patients with dignity , " Hanley said . But it 's unclear what such brain activity patterns would mean for a patient 's future . "  We do n't understand how these small changes in function are linked to recovery , " he said . If the same fMRI tests are repeated six months and nine months from now to compare activity levels , that would provide some indication of whether Sharon is headed in a positive direction , Black said . "  What you really want to know : Is he improving , and can you extrapolate that improvement out over some period of time to predict how well he 's going to ultimately improve to ? " he said . Comatose Sharon moves home for weekend CNN 's Elizabeth Cohen and William Hudson contributed to this report .	It 's not known how fMRI results relate to patient 's recovery from a coma There is a continuum between brain death and normal awareness Most improvement in a patient in a coma occurs within one to two years
CNN  -- Iran has declared a two-day public holiday in Tehran after air pollution hit dangerous levels . All schools , public offices , universities and banks in the Iranian capital will be closed Wednesday and Thursday , the Islamic Republic New Agency reported . Tehran 's downtown skyline was barely visible Tuesday . Residents have been asked to avoid outdoor activities and encouraged to use public transportation . Health warnings have been issued informing people suffering from lung and heart conditions to stay at home , as well as the elderly and children , according to Iran 's Ministry of Health 's website . Police officers , taxi drivers and other workers who are forced to work outside are required to wear surgical masks while on the job , the ministry said . This is the second time in less than a week Iran has declared a public holiday due to extreme pollution . Tehran shut down last Wednesday to cut down on emissions and traffic . The government says despite a 40 percent drop in traffic since the last holiday , the pollution has reached critical levels . CNN meteorologist Mari Ramos says conditions could worsen due to a combination of dry air , low wind and lack of rain . Iran has fought pollution for decades , specifically in the sprawling Tehran metropolis which is home to an estimated 12 million people . The city already implements traffic plans that require a special permit to drive though downtown Tehran . Cars must also alternate driving days , depending on their license plate numbers . According to research by Tehran 's municipal government , over 80 percent of the pollution is caused by some 4 million cars operating throughout the capital , state-run Press TV reported . "  In our long-term plans to solve the pollution problem , we will get rid of old and dilapidated autos , standardize our auto manufacturing , upgrade the quality of our fuel and our mass transit system , " Mohammad-Javad Mohammadizadeh , head of Iran 's Environmental Protection Agency said , the semi-official Mashregh news reported Monday . Mohammadizadeh also said the government is considering artificially creating rain and wind . About 2,500 people in Tehran die every year because of health problems caused by pollution , Iran 's Environmental Protection Agency has said . CNN 's Shirzad Borzorgmehr contributed to this report .	Tehran 's schools , public offices , universities and banks close Wednesday and Thursday Tehran shut down last Wednesday to cut down on auto emissions and traffic The government says despite a 40 percent drop in traffic , pollution is at critical levels
CNN  -- Occupy activists tossed pipes , bottles , burning flares and other objects Saturday at Oakland police , who responded by using tear gas and smoke grenades and arresting more than 100 demonstrators , city and police officials said . Oakland has been a flash point of the Occupy movement since October when police used tear gas to break up demonstrators who refused to leave downtown . One demonstrator , a Marine veteran of the war in Iraq , suffered a skull fracture after being hit with a police projectile , according to a veteran 's group . Police said they acted after the crowd threw paint and other objects at officers . On Saturday , police made mass arrests following an afternoon clash with protesters near the Kaiser Convention Center and then later outside a downtown YMCA , according to a police statement . The tension began Saturday around noon when about 250 activists gathered in Frank Ogawa Plaza . They were joined later by another 200 people as they marched around the city . Police said the protesters "  began tearing down perimeter fences around " the Kaiser center around 2:30 p.m. , with officers ordering the protesters to leave the area about 20 minutes later . "  The City of Oakland welcomes peaceful forms of assembly and freedom of speech , but acts of violence , property destruction and overnight lodging will not be tolerated , " the statement said . On its Twitter feed , Oakland police wrote that people near the YMCA were being arrested for unlawful assembly . Police claimed , too , that parts of the Oakland Museum and Kaiser Center were "  severely impacted , " with people cutting and tearing fences . Occupy protesters also blocked traffic at major intersections and attacked a KTVU television truck , damaging the truck and breaking windows , the station said . No injuries were reported . By nightfall , Occupy protesters moved toward Oakland City Hall , according to the group 's Twitter feed . "  Amazing day . We didnt get in the building , but fought like our future depended on it , " the group tweeted . Posts on Occupy Oakland 's Twitter feed claim that police met the protesters "  with munitions and violence . " One read : " #OccupyOakland being teargassed smoked bombed & shot at w rubber bullets . " Oakland police said they used only smoke and tear gas . They did so after warning activists who had begun "  destroying construction equipment and fencing " around the Kaiser center , authorities said . Officers were "  pelted " with bottles , metal pipes , rocks and burning flares , according to another police statement released earlier in the day . While there was no immediate word on injuries to protesters , Oakland police said that three of their officers were hurt in the earlier clash . After that incident , roughly 500 activists returned to Ogawa Plaza , according to a police statement . Aerial video footage showed them later on the move and a post on Occupy Oakland 's Twitter feed indicated they were planning to march to a "  second building " -- an apparent reference to the YMCA . While touting the action as "  Move-In Day " on their website , occupyoaklandmoveinday.org , organizers did not state what "  large , vacant " building they planned to occupy . They also acknowledged that "  like the encampment at Oscar Grant Plaza , the building move-in is not legal . " But the group said the move was necessary , in part because "  since November , the city of Oakland and its police force have made it impossible for us to meet , to serve food , and to provide a place for people to stay . " "  Occupy Oakland is about people providing for themselves and for others , since it is clear that the system can no longer provide for them , " the group said on its website . "  It is a place where people who are fed up can come together and develop new forms of struggle . " In a letter to Mayor Jean Quan , the city council and the Oakland police department , protesters threatened several actions if authorities try to "  evict us again . " They included "  blockading the airport indefinitely , occupying City Hall indefinitely , shutting down the Oakland ports " and getting help from the activist hacking group known as Anonymous . In mid-December , Occupy protesters shut down the Oakland port terminal . Following October 's clashes with protesters , Police Chief Howard Jordan said "  all allegations of misconduct and excessive uses of forces are being thoroughly investigated by internal and external investigative sources , " according to a letter posted on the department 's website . The website also solicits "  input ... about police interactions with protesters during the Occupy Oakland protests . " People are asked to contact the independent investigator who is looking into authorities ' actions in October and November 2011 . CNN 's Greg Morrison contributed to this report .	NEW : More than 100 protesters are arrested after they enter a downtown Oakland YMCA building NEW : Occupy protesters claim an attempt to enter Oakland City Hall Police say activists threw bottles , flares and other objects , injuring 3 officers Police used tear gas and smoke ; activists say they also used rubber bullets
London  CNN  -- The British government will deploy an extra 1,200 troops for Olympics security , Sports Secretary Jeremy Hunt announced Tuesday . The 1,200 military personnel come on top of 3,500 already called up specially this month after security contractor G4S said it would not be able to supply the number of guards it promised . The new deployments bring the number of troops guarding the Olympics to 18,200 , the government says . The Games begin Friday . The Ministry of Defence is deploying two warships , Typhoon fighter jets and Puma helicopters as part of their Olympics security arrangements . The army is also putting high-velocity missile batteries on the roofs of some apartment buildings in London , despite the objections of some residents . The government put the latest batch of troops on standby last week , amid the security fiasco caused by a contractor 's failure to supply enough guards for the Games . Hunt said last Thursday that there was no need to deploy extra troops but that putting 1,200 on standby means they can be moved within 48 hours rather than seven days if required . He said then that G4S was showing progress in recruiting and accrediting staff . UK government downplays Olympics security snafu The chief executive of G4S , Nick Buckles , faced a grilling last week by British lawmakers furious about the security situation . They forced him on July 17 to agree that the fiasco is "  a humiliating shambles . " Buckles said the company should not have agreed to provide 10,400 guards for the Olympics , six days after the security giant admitted it could not do so . "  We regret signing the contract , " he said under pressure from lawmakers . Is Olympic-level security already under way in Britain ? The company 's failure forced the government to call in 3,500 extra military personnel to help . "  We are constantly reviewing the extent of the G4S shortfall and the military contingency force , " the Home Office said before the extra 1,200 were deployed Tuesday . G4S has a Â # 284 million  $ 444 million  government contract to provide security staff for the Olympic Games . As of his questioning by lawmakers a week ago , only 4,000 guards were trained and ready , he said . Buckles said there was a company "  expectation " that 7,000 will be ready by the time the Games begin , although he called the exact number "  a moving target . " Guarding the games Labour lawmaker David Winnick laid into Buckles , insisting several times that the snafu was "  a humiliating shambles . " Buckles finally said he could not disagree . The company will reimburse police forces that have to provide officers to cover for G4S shortfalls , and will "  consider " paying bonuses to military and police who are called in to help , he said . The company accepts "  100 % responsibility " for its failure and is "  extremely grateful to the military and police for helping us out , " Buckles said . Athletes fret on lost bus as Olympic arrivals begins The G4S recruits are supposed to perform tasks including venue perimeter security , such as manning X-ray machines , searching people , searching vehicles and operating closed-circuit television systems , G4S said Sunday . G4S has said that it stands to lose up to $ 77 million after failing to recruit enough staff . See how Heathrow is preparing for the London Olympics CNN 's Dan Rivers contributed to this report .	NEW : The new deployment means 18,200 troops will guard the Olympics The government was already deploying 3,500 military personnel to cover shortfalls Security contractor G4S has said it ca n't supply the number of guards it promised British lawmakers forced the G4S chief to concede security was a "  shambles "
CNN  Emma Watson took to Twitter on Sunday to quell rumors that she and Prince Harry are dating , reminding the world that marrying a prince is "  not a prerequisite for being a Princess . " The speculation stemmed from a report last week in an Australian tabloid that the pair "  are having secret dates " and "  getting to know each other quite well . " The report brought despairing cries from admirers of the red-haired royal and the actor-turned-activist . The world finally heard from Watson on Sunday , when she tweeted a strong indication that the rumors were not to be believed . "  WORLD ... Remember that little talk we had about not believing everything written in the media ?! " she said . She came back later in the day with a retort to tabloid fodder suggesting that Watson was angling to become the next princess , saying that "  marrying a Prince  is  not a prerequisite for being a Princess . " The tweet included a link to a clip from director Alfonso Cuaron 's big screen adaptation of the novel "  A Little Princess , " which includes this famous line : "  I am a princess . All girls are ; even if they live in tiny old attics , even if they dress in rags , even if they are n't pretty or smart or young , they 're still princesses . "	Marrying a Prince is "  not a prerequisite for being a Princess , " she says Australian tabloid reported the pair were "  having secret dates "
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Sports researchers have found that body shape is a key ingredient to success for footballers . A study has found tall footballers like Peter Crouch are more likely to succeed . The study compared official English Football Association data from the the 1970s , 1980s , 1990s and between 2003 to 2004 to reach its conclusions . It was authored by Professor Alan Nevill , a lecturer at the University of Wolverhampton , United Kingdom . Nevill told CNN tall , lean players like England star Peter Crouch , Thierry Henry and Ruud van Nistelrooy are the most successful -- and went as far to suggest that talent scouts should consider looking for this body type when searching for new recruits . More than 800 players were assessed for the research , and whether the player was in a top six team or not , at the end of each season was used as a measure for success , as they were more likely to be playing in European competitions , Nevill said . Do taller players make better footballers ? Tell us what you think Recent analysis also showed that players in more successful teams were taller , more linear , and younger than those from less successful teams , he said . This assertion from the research suggests that the top teams in the Premier League and other major competitions would be more likely to win if they have taller , leaner and younger team members . "  Successful teams appear to have players nearly two years younger on average than other teams , " he said . Nevill told CNN the findings linked in to how the game of football had changed in recent decades . "  The less successful teams today are characterized as being a bit more muscular . However , in the 1980s , this was linked with more success . "  I 'm quite convinced that the younger , lighter , more nimble and also taller players are more capable of making the finishing touches today , " he said . Nevill said there were several reasons why the taller player had advantages . "  Apart from the fact that taller players will be more successful at heading the ball both defensively and in attack , they will be able to close down or limit opposition players ' ability to pass and distribute the ball . "  Furthermore , taller , thinner people are able to dissipate heat more rapidly than shorter , heavier people . " Players had also increased in size over the study period , Nevill said . "  The results of the study show that professional footballers are getting taller and heavier per decade , with a small but significant rise in the BMI  Body Mass Index  over the four decades . " Despite the findings , Nevill said it was not the end for shorter players , as there would always be cases where shorter and bulkier players could still succeed . "  Obviously there will be lots of anecdotes where our findings are not going to be the case , " he said . The findings of the research have been published in the Journal of Sports Sciences .	Research at a UK university finds taller footballers more likely to succeed Study finds successful teams have taller and younger players Professor Alan Nevill recommends talent scouts seek tall recruits
MIAMI , Florida  CNN  -- Tropical storm Ida could regain hurricane status Saturday night as it heads toward the Gulf Coast . The northern Yucatan Peninsula in Mexico is under a hurricane watch and a tropical storm warning , the National Hurricane Center said . Pinar del Rio , in western Cuba , is also under a tropical storm warning , the center said . During a hurricane watch , hurricane conditions are possible within 36 hours . Tropical storm conditions are possible within 24 hours under a tropical storm watch . Ida made landfall as a hurricane Thursday morning over east central Nicaragua , pelting the Central American nation with heavy rain before weakening to a tropical storm . At 7 p.m. ET , Ida was heading north-northwest at about 10 mph  17 kph  and was about 180 miles  290 km  east-southeast of Cozumel , Mexico , the hurricane center said . Track Ida 's projected path Forecasters expect the storm , with winds of 70 mph  110 kph  , to reach hurricane status by Saturday night or early Sunday . If the storm becomes a hurricane again , however , it could lose power and downgrade back to a tropical storm in the coming days . As Ida crosses the Yucatan Channel , the Yucatan Peninsula and western Cuba could get 3 to 5 inches of rain ; some areas could see as many as 10 inches , the center said . The Gulf Coast could experience heavy rain and coastal flooding next week as Ida approaches the area . Ida is the Atlantic region 's ninth named storm . The Atlantic hurricane season ends November 30 . CNN meteorologists Dave Hennen and Jacqui Jeras contributed to this report .	Forecasters expect Ida to reach hurricane status by Saturday night or early Sunday Mexico 's Northern Yucatan Peninsula under hurricane watch , tropical storm warning At 7 p.m. ET , Ida was heading north-northwest at about 10 mph  17 kph
CNN  -- The only two baby mountain gorillas in captivity -- orphaned two years ago after their mothers were slain in massacres -- will soon be getting a lush , new playpen , Congo 's wildlife authority announced Friday . Ndeze and Ndakasi will be romping in a special sanctuary , the Senkwekwe Center now under construction in Virunga National Park , where about 200 of the world 's remaining 700 mountain gorillas live . "  This is paradise for them , " said Samantha Newport , the park 's communications director . "  They will be able to play around , climb trees and eat forest food . " Authorities began building the center in July 2007 but had to stop work after rebels invaded the park during the long-running civil war that raged in the Democratic Republic of Congo . Work resumed in September as hostilities subsided . The center is expected to be ready for occupancy by March . The babies were found in 2007 when they were 2 months old , one on her slain mother and the other on the back of her brother , who was alive when the baby was found . Authorities do n't know who killed the mothers , but they suspect that the perpetrators were those engaging in the park 's illegal charcoal industry , in which people cut down trees for fuel so they can cook and boil water . Newport said park rangers who found the babies hustled them out of the park to the city of Goma , where they have been living on a site with a house and trees . "  If they had not been taken out of the wild , they would have died , " she said . Newport does n't know whether the two will be moved out of the center and into the wild when they get older . The Senkwekwe Center is a 2.5-acre plot of forest three miles from the mountain gorilla habitat in Virunga . Emmanuel de Merode , director of Virunga National Park , said that along with sheltering the baby gorillas , the center offers "  a unique opportunity to enable the local population to see gorillas , and provides a launch pad for the veterinary activities that are conducted throughout Virunga . " The center will have a 40-by-40-meter interior holding facility , visitation platforms , an education center and veterinary facilities . The wildlife authority is raising $ 100,000 for the completion of the center , and donations will be matched by the United Nations Foundation . Gorillas have been caught in the middle of the civil warfare in recent years , and fighters had occupied large swaths of the 8,000 -- square-kilometer park . The gorilla section is in a strategically important area near the borders of Rwanda and Uganda .	Ndeze and Ndakasi will move to the Senkwekwe Center in Virunga National Park About 200 of the world 's remaining 700 mountain gorillas live at the park The babies were found in 2007 when they were 2 months old ; their mothers were killed
CNN  -- Winter travelers trek thousands of miles to the frozen north each year seeking the sky 's "  dancing lights , " which provoke awe , excitement and , some say , sex . CNN iReporter Bruce Barrett shot this rare red aurora in Canada 's Whitehorse , Yukon . Scientists call the natural phenomenon aurora borealis : cascading beams of greens , yellows , blues , purples or reds -- which paint a breathtaking backdrop across the wilderness and attract thousands of tourists annually . "  Usually it starts slowly as kind of a hazy greenish color -- like a mist -- building up in frequency dancing across the sky ... and to me that 's religion , " said photographer Dave Brosha of Yellowknife , Northwest Territories , who 's seen more than 100 Canadian auroras . "  It 's just one of the most incredible feelings a person can have -- sitting there watching that . " To the west in Canada 's Yukon province , tour operator Torsten Eder likes to tell a story about a marriage that was forged under the glowing curtains of light . See spectacular photos of auroras " "  I had one guy from Mexico , and he wanted to surprise his girlfriend by proposing marriage with a ring under the northern lights , " said Eder from his office in Whitehorse . "  We got lucky and the lights were visible ... so our guest went down on his knee and proposed to his girlfriend and she was totally blown away . The funny thing was -- she would n't wear gloves for the first three days -- so she could show the ring off . " The otherworldly lights also have provided inspiration for almost sacred pilgrimages , Eder said . Guests who said they were going blind or battling cancer told him they wanted to view the auroras at least once in their lives . "  It puts enormous pressure on us , " said Eder . "  You ca n't guarantee that the lights will be visible because it 's a natural phenomenon . " The display is generally visible at least every three days , he said . Scientists say the northern lights are created by the sun 's super hot atmosphere , which blasts particles into the protective magnetic field surrounding the Earth . The magnetic field forces the particles toward the north and south poles . About 60 to 200 miles overhead , the particles bump into the Earth 's atmosphere and become electrically "  excited " -- throwing off light of various colors , said Prof. Dirk Lummerzheim of the University of Alaska , Fairbanks . "  The forecast for this winter is a continued quiet sun , in general , " he said . The sun is on the upswing of an 11-year cycle . "  Maybe we will have a few periods once a month where the aurora can get a little bit more active . " Although the phenomenon occurs around the clock , the lights are only visible at night . The best time of year to see them is during winter , when darkness in the upper latitudes stretches up to 24 hours . See map where northern lights can be seen " Eder 's Northern Tales tour company picks up guests at their hotels about 10 p.m. and takes them to an area about 20 minutes outside Whitehorse 's city lights . There , travelers can enjoy nature 's colorful show from a heated , walled tent until around 2 a.m. "  We almost take it for granted sometimes , " said Brosha . "  No matter how many times you 've seen the aurora borealis -- when they really dance , when you get some really unique colors -- you just kind of say , ` Wow , I 'm so lucky to see that . ' " A warmer way to enjoy the northern lights is a shallow , natural rock lake at Chena Hot Springs outside Fairbanks , Alaska , which allows bikini-clad guests to enjoy the lights in temperatures of 106 degrees Fahrenheit . "  I mean , honestly , it 's the best way to see them , " said spokeswoman Denise Ferree . "  Because you 're warm and toasty and you 're watching the northern lights above . " Chena 's owner , Bernie Karl -- who 's often as colorful as the lights themselves -- said the auroras sometimes spark the libido . "  Having sex under the northern lights -- it 's an awesome experience , " Karl said . "  Have you ever been out in nature at 35 below zero with northern lights bouncing over your head and your bare ass ? Well , you need to try it . " If the hot springs are n't for you , Chena also takes guests up a nearby mountain to observe the auroras from heated Mongolian-style tents called yurts . The resort prides itself on its environmental initiative , which has led to the generation of clean electricity from geothermal heat produced by the hot spring . "  Iceland is probably one of the best places to see the northern lights , " said Reykjavik tour guide Arni Magnusson of AM Tours . That 's especially true as the U.S. dollar gains value against the Icelandic krona -- offering some attractive hotel and shopping opportunities . Guests are picked up at their hotel for a 20-minute drive outside the city to view the lights from higher elevations . "  People say they feel closer to Earth and to the forces of nature , " said Magnusson . "  The lights totally overwhelm them . " Dan Hershman 's life changed dramatically after he photographed a spectacular aurora in Washington state in 2000 , which was a peak year in the solar cycle . "  These things are just dynamic and they seem just alive and organic , " said Hershman , who at the time was a high school music teacher . The photo was unique enough to attract the attention of NASA , which ran the image on its Web site , Hershman said . This spurred his interest in photography and soon , as Hershman put it , "  my hobby became my profession and my profession became my hobby . " Now Hershman performs as principal bassoonist in local orchestras as a hobby -- and he teaches high school photography in Federal Way , Washington , as his profession . The trick to photographing the auroras , Hershman said , is choosing to take the picture when the lights are n't moving as much . "  Otherwise it looks like nothing but a big blob , " he said . IF YOU GO WHITEHORSE Activities Yukon Brewing Company offers tours of this award-winning brewery , the home of such libations as Espresso Stout , made with local espresso from Midnight Sun Coffee Roaster . Mac 's Fireweed , an independent bookstore and a Whitehorse institution , offers a nice selection of magazines and a huge catalogue of book titles . Northern Tales tour company picks up guests at their hotels and takes them a short distance outside Whitehorse to view the auroras from heated , walled tents . Stay : Just north of Whitehorse , see the northern lights from Takhini Hot Springs , which offers cabins and camping facilities . Two bed and breakfasts come recommended by Whitehorse residents : Casey 's and Hawkins House , at 867-668-7638 . YELLOWKNIFE Activities Enjoy warm tepees as well as food and drinks while viewing the northern lights at Aurora Village , which gets up to 20 hours of darkness in the winter months . FAIRBANKS Stay : Chena Hot Springs resort offers accommodations and viewing tours of the northern lights . Locals also recommend Mount Aurora Fairbanks Creek lodge for those seeking views of the spectacular lights . ALASKA WILDERNESS Stay : If you 're looking for a trip deeper into the wilderness , Tolovana Hot Springs offers views of the auroras about 45 miles from Fairbanks -- accessible by trail or plane only . Northern lights tours : Travel to the Brooks mountain range above the Arctic Circle can be arranged with Out in Alaska at 877-374-9958 . Northern Alaska Tour Co. offers wilderness tours to see the auroras in Coldfoot . ICELAND Northern lights tours : Visitors interested in guided views of the northern lights can contact AM Tours at 011-354-898-6581 . Activities : Enjoy the hot springs and spa facilities at the famous Blue Lagoon . Find general information on touring Iceland at Iceland Travel .	Sex under northern lights is an awesome experience , says resort owner People diagnosed with terminal or blinding diseases seek out aurora borealis Brilliant green , blue "  dancing lights " inspire marriage proposals , says guide Spectacular phenomenon occurs when solar particles hit near Earth 's poles
CNN  -- The bad news kept piling on the National Football League on Wednesday with the arrest of an Arizona Cardinals player . Police in Phoenix arrested Jonathan Dwyer after practice on multiple allegations of felony assault . It was the latest public relations blow for the most popular sports league in America , which has been the subject of public scorn and scrutiny after half a dozen players recently got into trouble or were disciplined . Here is a quick look at those players and their travails . Adrian Peterson One of the top players in the NFL , he left the Minnesota Vikings on Wednesday to deal with child abuse accusations in Texas . Peterson had been deactivated by the Vikings and missed Sunday 's game , then reactivated Monday . But the team said it needed to correct its mistake and deactivated him again . Peterson then took a leave of absence and NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell placed him on the exempt list , which gives the team the opportunity to continue to pay him while he deals with his legal issues . At no point has Peterson been suspended . Greg Hardy The Carolina Panthers ' defensive star also took a leave of absence because of legal troubles . As with Peterson , Hardy will be paid while he is away from the team . Hardy was convicted by a judge in July on misdemeanor assault charges . He asked for a new trial in front of a jury , which is scheduled for mid-November . Hardy played one game then was deactivated as the outrage against the NFL grew over how it was dealing with domestic violence issues . He has proclaimed his innocence of the charges , which were filed after police said he assaulted his then-girlfriend and threatened to kill her . He was sentenced to 18 months probation and a 60-day suspended Jonathan Dwyer The most recent player to be arrested , the running back is alleged to have assaulted a 27-year-old woman and an 18-month-old child . A Phoenix police spokesman , Sgt. Trent Crump , said it would be reckless to identify the victims . Dwyer , 25 , was spending Wednesday night in the Maricopa County jail and the Arizona Cardinals deactivated him . He wo n't be able to take part in any team activities , if he is released from jail . Crump said two incidents were reported by neighbors in July . The woman did n't allege any violence until last week when she called from another state , where she had moved with the child . The most serious of six charges were three counts of assault , one of which caused a fracture . Dwyer was being held in the Maricopa County Jail and could n't comment . CNN 's attempt to reach his agent was unsuccessful . Ray Rice The running back without a team is appealing his indefinite suspension by the league . While Rice has called punching his future wife in the head and knocking her out "  inexcusable , " he is seeking to have the opportunity to play in the NFL again . The players ' union has complained that Rice did n't receive due process from Goodell , who suspended him in June to a two-game ban , then increased the penalty to an indefinite suspension . That came earlier this month after TMZ Sports posted a video that showed the punch . Rice was three days away from completing the original suspension when the indefinite ban was handed down and when the Baltimore Ravens terminated his contract . Ray McDonald Three days after Goodell created a new NFL policy against domestic violence on August 28 , San Francisco 49ers defensive tackle Ray McDonald was arrested on an accusation of felony domestic violence . The new policy imposes a minimum six-game unpaid ban for first-time offenders and up to a lifetime ban for second-time offenders . No charges have been filed in the incident involving McDonald . Neither the team nor the league has levied any discipline in the case and the starter at left defensive tackle played the first two games of the season . Quincy Enunwa The Jets practice squad player 's arrest went practically overlooked outside of the New York area . According to USA Today 's "  NFL Players Arrests " tracker , he was arrested September 4 . Enunwa was charged with simple assault after a woman told police he pulled her off a bed at a hotel , causing her a head injury , ESPNNewYork.com reported . He pleaded not guilty , ESPN said , adding that the player was still practicing with the team .	The National Football League has seen several of its players appear in mug shots Two of those players took leave on Wednesday The day also brought another arrest in a new domestic violence investigation
Editor 's note : Rudy Ruiz founded RedBrownandBlue.com , a site featuring multicultural political commentary , hosts a nationally syndicated Spanish-language radio show ; and wrote a guide to success for immigrants  " ¡ Adelante ! " published by Random House  . He is co-founder and president of Interlex , an advocacy marketing agency based in San Antonio , Texas . Rudy Ruiz says immigration reform ca n't wait for next year . SAN ANTONIO , Texas  CNN  -- One of the greatest challenges for minorities in any democracy is that their priorities often differ with those of the majority . Consequently , even if a minority group does not experience outright tyranny , it can suffer tragic neglect . That 's the lingering problem with immigration reform . Latino leaders have long called for comprehensive immigration reform . During the presidential campaign , it finally seemed destined for reality as candidates sought the crucial Latino vote . But today , where 's immigration reform on the list of priorities ? Apparently , it 's plummeting faster than bank stocks were during the market 's freefall . Maybe the president hoped we would n't notice . He mentioned it in passing while we were engrossed in the health care drama . And instead of telling us directly , in a meeting with the Latino leaders that supported his candidacy , he announced it while chatting with foreign heads of state . What did he say ? No immigration reform until 2010 . But since he 's expending massive political capital on health care , and 2010 is a midterm election year renowned for inaction on controversial matters , the postponement is as menacing as the promise is dubious . "  Experience and history have told us if it 's postponed to the following year , then you 're talking about 2011 , " Rep. Henry Cuellar , D-Texas , told the San Antonio Express-News . But with health care and financial reforms , budget deficits , and tax hikes looming , what hurdles will we face by 2011 ? What realistic hopes remain for immigration reform ? Rep. Charles Gonzalez , D-Texas , said if a comprehensive bill is n't passed , "  We 'll try to do it piecemeal . " "  Piecemeal " is a favorite course for a Congress that finds bipartisan compromise unpalatable . But given the issue 's persistent magnitude , such a response is tantamount to a negligent -- perhaps tyrannical -- master tossing a crumb from the table to a pack of ravenous , emaciated dogs . Instead , why do n't we step up as a nation and face the challenge with a level of honor and attention that is consistent with the best of our ideals ? After all , the Statue of Liberty raised its torch to welcome immigrants , not to light the way for the insurance executives and Wall Street bankers prioritized by policymakers today . I grew up on the border and I can honestly say , it pains me to watch us squander billions on a border fence when we 've yet to see a man-made structure that can stop the forces of nature . What we call "  immigration " -- in the case of Latinos -- is actually a pattern of migration , a natural movement of homo sapiens dying of thirst and hunger , seeking water and nourishment in more fertile grounds . Comprehensive immigration reform should thus be viewed as an essential measure to protect human rights on our soil and continent . This is a time to think big , not small . This is about more than laws and lines drawn on a map . It is about the origins of our humanity , not our nationality . Real people are suffering as raids continue , border deaths and hate crimes escalate , and families are destroyed . "  Without a solution , the problems will only worsen , " I was told by Salvador Sanabria , executive director of El Rescate , a non-profit serving immigrants in Los Angeles , California , for 27 years . "  Comprehensive reform will save lives , keep families together and give immigrants the opportunity to contribute fully to America 's economy and security . It 's a humanitarian issue , but it 'll also benefit America to do it right . " On an issue prioritized by the nation 's largest , fastest-growing minority group , why not do it right ? Why wait any longer ? Even Sen. John Cornyn , R-Texas , in rare agreement with his Democratic counterparts , said he was disappointed by the delay . He said he is "  ready to work " with the president on the issue . With our nation divided on many fronts , why ca n't we capitalize on bipartisan support for immigration reform now ? Rather than blame competing priorities for procrastinating , why ca n't Washington wow us with a display of multitasking brilliance ? At least immigration reform does n't come with a price tag of a trillion dollars and a host of new taxes as health care reform does . That should make it popular by comparison . "  Reform is a priority in the Latino community , " LULAC President Rosa Rosales told the San Antonio Express-News . "  I would strongly urge that Latino organizations push the issue that we need comprehensive immigration reform now . " Latino leaders should settle for nothing less . Latino voters should exhort all elected officials to act with the same urgency they would exhibit were it their own kin dying on the vine . Thomas Jefferson once said : "  All tyranny needs to gain a foothold is for people of good conscience to remain silent . " In that spirit , we should unite to make this not only a Latino priority , but an American priority . And all people of good conscience should speak up for what 's right -- or risk creeping towards tyranny by neglect . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Rudy Ruiz .	Rudy Ruiz : During campaign , candidates promised action on immigration He says President Obama said action will be delayed till next year He says that delaying reform amounts to tragic neglect of human needs Ruiz : Can immigration be resolved in a congressional election year ?
CNN  -- A California high school student accused of opening fire on classmates with a 12-gauge shotgun pleaded not guilty to attempted murder and other charges Monday during his arraignment in a California court . A judge set bail at $ 1.5 million for Bryan Oliver , 16 , and scheduled a preliminary hearing for February 21 . Oliver , appearing in handcuffs wearing an orange jail uniform and sneakers , answered "  Yes , your honor " when Kern County Superior Court Judge Michael Lewis asked if he chose to waive his right to a preliminary trial . Oliver is charged as an adult with two counts of attempted murder and three counts of assault with a deadly weapon after opening fire at Taft High School Thursday , wounding two people , one seriously . The two victims , Jacob Nichols and Bowe Cleveland , are expected to recover . Oliver 's attorney , David Torres , spoke for his client throughout the hearing , including entering Oliver 's not guilty plea when the charges were read . Before the proceeding , Torres filed a motion to bar cameras from the courtroom , concerned that publicity would compromise his client 's right to a fair trial . Lewis denied the request , citing an overwhelming public interest and the prosecution 's decision to try Oliver as an adult . After Thursday 's shooting in the small community of Taft , about 30 miles west of Bakersfield , Kern County Sheriff Donny Youngblood told reporters that the gunman was taken into custody after a teacher persuaded him to drop the weapon and surrender . As the shooting unfolded , the teacher , identified as Ryan Heber , managed to evacuate his students through a back door . But instead of running , Heber had a conversation with the student gunman , authorities said . The teacher had suffered a pellet wound to the head from one of the shots , authorities said . Campus counselor Kim Fields helped distract Oliver as students ran . Both employees were hailed as heroes . "  They stayed and probably distracted him and probably allowed students to get out of the classroom , " Youngblood said . "  He  the gunman  said , ' I was n't aiming at you , ' and said the name of the student he was aiming at , " he said . When Oliver was taken into custody , he had a shotgun and about 20 rounds of ammunition , Youngblood said . "  This is a tragedy , but not as bad as it might have been , " he said . Newtown opens eyes to violence against young Immediately after the shooting , authorities executed search warrants at Oliver 's home , less than a block from the site of the shooting . A motive has not been revealed , but authorities are investigating a theory that bullying may have played a role . A full-time armed police officer was assigned to the school , but authorities said heavy snow in the San Joaquin Mountains prevented the officer from leaving his home . The most seriously wounded victim was airlifted to a hospital in Bakersfield and treated for gunshot wounds to the chest and abdomen , Pruitt said . Aurora suspect should face trial , judge rules U.S. Rep. Kevin McCarthy , whose district includes the town of Taft , expressed sympathy to his constituents . "  I am deeply saddened and troubled by news of the shooting , " the Republican lawmaker said . U.S. Sen. Dianne Feinstein , whose father graduated from Taft Union High School , expressed her sadness but said the incident was a call for gun legislation reform . "  My thoughts and prayers are with the victims , and I wish them a speedy recovery , " Feinstein said . "  But how many more shootings must there be in America before we come to the realization that guns and grievances do not belong together ? " Read more : Obama say gun lobby trades on fear Read more : Anti-gun ad marks 2nd anniversary of Tucson shooting	NEW : Teenager accused of shooting two schoolmates pleads not guilty NEW : Bryan Oliver , 16 , will be tried as an adult in Kern County , California Two victims are expected to recover from gunshot wounds
CNN  -- The U.S. reinforced its close ties with Jordan this week by increasing aid to the Kingdom by 48 percent . MME spoke with Dr. Bassem I. Awadallah , Chief of the Royal Hashemite Court , about Jordan 's relationship with the U.S. Washington says the increase in aid to $ 663 million this year shows "  the bipartisan support in America for the difficult choices Jordan has made in its homegrown reform efforts . " Jordan has been a close political ally of the U.S. for decades . The strength of their relationship was recognised in 2000 when Jordan became the first Arab country to sign a free trade deal with the U.S. . When Jordan 's King Abdullah bin al-Hussein II came to power in 1999 , he put economic reform at the top of his agenda . Since then , the Kingdom has moved to liberalize trade , eliminate fuel subsidies , crack down on corruption and reform the tax system . Dr. Bassem I. Awadallah is a former economic advisor to the Prime Minister of Jordan . He 's now Chief of the Royal Hashemite Court , and Vice Chairman of the King Abdullah II Fund for Development . John Defterios spoke with Bassem Awadallah and asked him whether the increase in U.S. aid to Jordan is recognition of the role that Jordan 's been playing in the Middle East , both economically and politically . Bassem Awadallah  BA  : There is a definite recognition of what Jordan has been doing over the last two years . Particularly the efforts that have been conducted by His Majesty the King over the last two years in helping to bring the peace process on track again . But equally , there is recognition in Washington , as elsewhere in the world , of the reforms that are taking place in Jordan .  Recognition  of what we are trying to do with fiscal management , enabling the investment environment to become much better , and to attract private capital to come in and invest in key sectors of our economy . As a result of this , we have witnessed an increase in the assistance levels from the United States and we hope that this will continue over the next couple of years . JD  : One could say that U.S. relations in the Middle East specifically in the Gulf are at a historic low . Does this one-week tour by President Bush really alter the outlook between U.S. and Middle East relations ? BA  : To the extent that the Arab countries and the Arab people feel that the United States is committed to play an honest broker and bring about a just and lasting solution to the Palestinian issue , which we feel to be the core issue in the Arab Israeli conflict . To the extent that we see a deliverable on the ground , which means a real improvement in the lives of Palestinians and a real commitment to the peace process . I think you will have a substantial increase in the credibility that the United States commands on the Arab Street . This is the major factor in our opinion that really provides for the U.S. image to be improved in the Arab countries . JD  : It was a historic week if you look at the big picture : an arms and missile deal worth $ 20 billion with Saudi Arabia ; and at the same time , Gulf investment funds investing in Merrill Lynch and Citigroup . Do you think eventually this will lead to investment protectionism where there 's resistance to this money coming from the Gulf and into U.S. and European Markets ? BA  : I think you 're going to see a real financial power in the Gulf countries . Obviously , they will be able to afford to develop their economies more . I think they are going to feel that the regional threats are of such magnitude that they would be required to arm themselves more , and this explains why there have been big contracts , not only with the United States , but other countries as well in Europe . You are going to have some kind of recycling going on which is clearly manifested in the Merrill Lynch and Citigroup investments by Sovereign Wealth Funds . We do hope that these big funds in the Gulf will find some attractive opportunities in the Arab World as well -- in Jordan , in other countries which do require this huge capital investments to improve the infrastructure and to be invested in key sectors of our economies . E-mail to a friend	U.S. increases aid to Jordan by 48 percent , says shows "  bipartisan support " Close ties between U.S. , Jordan evidenced in 2000 with first U.S.-Arab FTA Bassem Awadallah is Chief of the Royal Hashemite Court in Jordan Awadallah : "  You are going to see a real financial power in the Gulf countries "
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Families and couples flocked to theaters to see Disney 's "  Oz the Great and Powerful , " raising opening weekend ticket sales around the world to $ 150.2 million , according to box office estimates released Sunday . The film stars James Franco as a carnival magician swept into the land of Oz by a tornado , a prequel to the 1939 classic "  The Wizard of Oz , " which starred a teenage Judy Garland . "  Oz " sold an estimated $ 80.3 million in tickets at U.S. cinemas on Friday , Saturday and Sunday , according to Exhibitor Relations , a company that gathers box office estimates as they are self-reported by studios . Another $ 69.9 million in box office receipts were collected outside the United States , bringing the global take to $ 150.2 million , the company estimated . The movie and its promotion cost Disney about $ 300 million , according to several media reports . The success of "  Oz " dwarfed "  Jack The Giant Slayer , " which was the No. 2 U.S. movie , bringing in $ 10 million in it 's second weekend . CNN 's David Daniel contributed to this report .	` Oz " is a prequel to the 1939 classic "  The Wizard of Oz , " starring Judy Garland . James Franco plays a carnival magician swept into the land of Oz by a tornado The success of "  Oz " dwarfs "  Jack The Giant Slayer , " which brought in $ 10 million
CNN  -- A federal judge sentenced children 's author K.P. Bath to six years in prison Thursday for possessing child pornography . Investigators found a large collection of pornographic photographs and video clips in the Portland , Oregon , home of the author of "  The Secret of Castle Cant " and "  Escape from Castle Cant , " according to a statement federal prosecutors released Thursday . "  Many of the videos graphically depicted the sexual abuse of very young children , " the statement from the U.S. Attorney 's Office in Oregon said . Bath , 51 , pleaded guilty to two counts of possessing child pornography . "  It is shocking that a children 's author would contribute to the trauma these kids endure -- both physical and emotional trauma from the sexual abuse itself , and psychological trauma from knowing that images of that abuse are circulating on the Internet , " U.S. Attorney Dwight Holton said in a statement . Bath 's collection included images depicting sadistic conduct , rape , sodomy and bestiality , prosecutors said . Prosecutors also allege that an investigation revealed that Bath had traded images of child pornography with at least two different collectors in Washington and Ohio . Those collectors were prosecuted , but charges against Bath for allegedly transporting , distributing and receiving child pornography were dropped as part of a plea agreement , the U.S. Attorney 's Office said . Bath volunteered at the Beverly Cleary Children 's Library in Portland and worked at The Asian Reporter newspaper , according to a 2004 University of Alabama news release describing an alumni reading series . Bath had a master 's degree from the university and had worked as a field hand , factory laborer , musician , editor and teacher , the news release said . CNN 's Catherine E. Shoichet contributed to this report .	Federal judge sentences author K.P. Bath Investigators found large collection of pornographic photos and videos in his home Many videos "  graphically depicted " sexual abuse of young children , prosecutors say Bath wrote "  The Secret of Castle Cant " and "  Escape from Castle Cant "
London  CNN  -- The leatherback turtle is one of the ocean 's titans . The largest member of the turtle family , it is also one of the world 's biggest reptiles , outsized only by some species of crocodile . Adults can weigh more than 900 kilograms and reach more than 2 meters in length , with the largest ever discovered measuring about 3 meters from bill to tail . The species gets its name from its ridged , dotted carapace which , unlike other sea turtles , has the texture of hard rubber . Spending virtually its entire life at sea , the leatherback -- the only warm-blooded sea turtle -- is able to withstand colder waters than other species . This has allowed it to become the most geographically dispersed reptile , spotted off the coasts of Newfoundland and Norway in the north , to New Zealand and the southern tip of Africa . But despite its wide spread across the world 's oceans , leatherback populations have plummeted in recent decades . The impact of commercial fishing , the poaching of their eggs and other hazards saw their numbers drop by an estimated 80 % during the 1980s and 1990s , and today the species is classified as critically endangered . On the beaches of Gabon on Africa 's west coast , however , there are encouraging signs . Here , an important conservation project run by local NGO Aventures Sans Frontieres  ASF , or Adventures Without Borders  is attempting to save this ancient giant from extinction . Watch : New research to save Africa 's leopards Gabon is home to the world 's largest nesting population of leatherbacks , with an estimated population of between 15,000 and 41,000 females using its warm , tropical beaches as a place to incubate their eggs . As ASF 's Celine Gagne explains , if you know where to look , the man-sized leatherback can be glimpsed on a nightly basis for months at a time . "  There is , from October to March or April , perhaps every day some turtles coming to the beach to lay their eggs and go back to sea , " she said . After mating with a male just off shore , the female leatherback will wait for nightfall to head for the beach , dig a shallow pit in the sand , and deposit her eggs -- as many as 150 at a time . See also : Meet Senegal 's octogenarian master drummer She buries the eggs about 80cm deep with her hind flippers , compacting the moist sand with the weight of her body to protect the eggs . Her work on land done , she returns to the sea . Gagne says that for every thousand eggs laid , perhaps only one turtle will survive to maturity . Some of the 10cm long hatchlings will be unable to dig their way to the surface to make it to the surf , and suffocate in the nests . Others are easily picked off by crabs , dogs , seabirds and other predators . ASF 's program involves collecting data on the nesting patterns of the leatherback populations , and operating hatcheries . In these projects , eggs from the wild are allowed to hatch in a fenced-off location , before the hatchlings are introduced to the ocean , in order to improve their chances of survival . The organization also works to educate the public about turtle conservation . "  There is a lot of threat for young turtles , " said Gagne . "  The most important are human threats , because activities , sounds , lights are ... a real problem for turtles . " Watch : Combating South Africa 's rhino hunters She said it was important to minimize human activity around beach areas used by nesting leatherbacks . The nests could be easily crushed by vehicles or beachgoers , and the noise they produced could scare off nesting females . Furthermore , because both female turtles and their hatchlings navigate their way to the ocean using the bright moonlight reflecting off the breaking surf , artificial lights could disorientate them and send them towards danger . Although leatherbacks have not traditionally been prized for their meat , their eggs have been highly sought in various parts of the world as a protein source , an aphrodisiac or for use in traditional medicines . Gabon was no exception , said Gagne . "  People used to eat turtle eggs , but only in -LSB- their -RSB- family , " said Gagne . "  They take just a few eggs for children and wife . " See also : Kenya orphanage takes in elephant babies ASF has encouraged locals not to eat or sell the eggs , stressing the greater economic value to the community in assisting conservation efforts . "  Turtles can be an important tourist product and if they disappear ... tourists may disappear with it . It 's a source of money . " Even if the leatherback survives the hatching process , it faces many more dangers on its journey . Large numbers are killed each year on the long-lines or drift nets of commercial fishermen , in which the animals can become snared and drown within 40 minutes . Pollution also poses a threat : floating plastic bags look a lot like the jellyfish they rely on as their main food source , and have been found in the digestive systems of about half of the leatherbacks studied in recent times . If they can avoid these hazards , however , these solitary giants can live to be over 50 years old . The males of the species may never return to land after surviving the arduous hatching process . Remarkably , though , when it comes time to lay their own eggs , the female of the species will typically cross the ocean to return to precisely the same beach where she may have hatched 15 years earlier .	The leatherback is the world 's largest turtle , and one of the largest species of reptile It is critically endangered , having suffered a population decline of about 80 % in recent decades The beaches of Gabon , in west Africa , are the most popular spot for females to lay their eggs Aventures Sans Frontieres operates a conservation project to help the hatchlings survive
CNN  -- Gov. David Paterson had no intention of appointing Caroline Kennedy to fill the Senate seat vacated by Hillary Clinton , a source close to the New York governor told CNN Thursday . Caroline Kennedy has withdrawn her name from consideration for Hillary Clinton 's Senate seat . The source told CNN that Paterson did not think Kennedy was "  ready for prime time , " citing her efforts , at times awkward , to try to win the appointment . "  She clearly has no policy experience and could n't handle the pressure , " said the source , who spoke on the condition of anonymity because of the sensitivity of the situation . "  Why would he pick her given how badly she handled herself in recent weeks ? " Kennedy , 51 , cited personal reasons for her decision not to continue pursuing the Senate seat . She informed the media at midnight , as Wednesday turned to Thursday . Paterson is charged with naming a replacement for Clinton , who resigned her seat to become the secretary of state in President Obama 's administration . Paterson will appoint someone to hold the seat until a new election is held in 2010 . A Kennedy ally , though , denied Kennedy had any indication Paterson was leaning against choosing her to fill out Clinton 's term . And another Kennedy confidante said Kennedy allies are getting frustrated about what they perceive as the governor 's insiders slighting her . Paterson , who is expected to name his choice Friday , has been coy about who he will pick to replace Clinton . Kennedy had been very public in expressing her interest in the seat by meeting with state and community leaders throughout the state . Her uncle , Sen. Edward Kennedy , D-Massachusetts , was rushed to the hospital on Tuesday following Obama 's swearing-in ceremony . But an aide to Caroline Kennedy indicated Sen. Kennedy 's health was not the reason she decided to withdraw . By early Thursday afternoon , there was still confusion over how and why Kennedy withdrew her name from consideration . The source close to the governor told CNN that Kennedy initially called Paterson in the afternoon to tell him that "  she was feeling unsure about her candidacy " and "  asked him for 24 hours to think about it . " A Kennedy aide said that during the call with the governor , it was Paterson who told her to take more time to think about her decision . Later Wednesday evening , the governor started getting phone calls from the media saying they heard she had withdrawn . At around 11 p.m. ET , the source close to the governor said Kennedy called Paterson and "  said she was issuing a statement saying she was in the race . " One hour later , the source said Kennedy issued a statement withdrawing from the race . Paterson 's office finally addressed the matter late Thursday afternoon in a prepared statement . "  Last night Caroline Kennedy informed the governor that she was withdrawing her name from consideration for an appointment to the United States Senate for personal reasons , " Paterson 's office said . "  This decision was hers alone . " Paterson 's office acknowledged the Wednesday afternoon conversation between the governor and Kennedy , but did not divulge what was said . "  Out of respect for her decision making process , the governor 's Office did not respond to any inquiries in order to allow her time to deliberate , " Paterson 's office said in the statement . "  The governor considers Caroline a friend and knows she will continue to serve New York well inside or outside of government . We wish her well in all her future endeavors . " Paterson 's office also noted that he is "  now entering the final phase of his selection process . " Kennedy was widely considered the front-runner to replace Clinton , who won the New York Senate seat in 2000 , and almost all of the buzz about a replacement centered around her . But as the weeks dragged on , polling showed her popularity among New Yorkers dwindling . A poll earlier this month suggested New Yorkers preferred Attorney General Andrew Cuomo , son of former New York Gov. Mario Cuomo , to Kennedy , with 31 percent of respondents favoring Cuomo and 24 percent preferring Kennedy . However , "  celebrity magazines and cocktail party chatter do n't build support for senators , " Democratic national committeeman and CNN contributor Robert Zimmerman said Thursday . Zimmerman was one of the first New York Democrats to say Kennedy would n't get the Senate seat and that Paterson would n't bow to pressure . Her handlers "  did n't demonstrate they had a real plan of action , " he said Thursday . "  The disorganized way she dropped out was reflective of the very disorganized campaign she pursued in seeking the Senate seat , " he added . New York Reps. Carolyn Maloney , Kirsten Gillibrand and Steve Israel have also been mentioned as possible replacements for Clinton . All three drew single-digit support in the January poll . Paterson 's office also said the governor had not obtained any information during the selection process that might prompt a candidate to withdraw . There has been much speculation as to why Kennedy , a member of Obama 's vice presidential search committee , withdrew her name . Despite the governor 's public statement , a source close to Paterson told CNN that Kennedy did have potentially embarrassing issues including problems with her taxes and with her nanny . People who move in New York political circles were buzzing Thursday about the endless finger pointing between people loyal to Paterson and those loyal to Kennedy . Contacted by CNN to address the allegations of problems with taxes and a nanny , Kennedy 's spokesman Stefan Friedman said in a prepared statement : "  Caroline Kennedy withdrew her name for consideration from the United States Senate for personal reasons . Any statements to the contrary are false . The governor set up a fair and deliberative selection process . This kind of mudslinging demeans that process and all those involved . "	NEW : Source says Gov. Paterson did not think Kennedy was "  ready for prime time " NEW : Kennedy had potential issues involving her taxes and her nanny , source says NEW : Kennedy ally denies Kennedy knew Paterson was leaning away from her Kennedy cites "  personal reasons " for pulling out of contention
Jerusalem  CNN  -- A Palestinian man stabbed an Israeli soldier Wednesday , killing him , the Israeli military said . The attack occurred at the central bus station in Afula . The soldier was wearing his uniform and was headed to an army base when he was stabbed with a knife , the military said . He was taken to a hospital where he later died . Authorities detained the attacker , but did not release additional details .	The attack occurred at the central bus station in Afula The soldier was severely injured and taken to the hospital , where he died
CNN  -- A woman who was beheaded near Buffalo , New York -- allegedly by her husband -- may have been on the phone with her sister when she was killed . Muzzammil Hassan has been charged with second-degree murder in the death of his wife , Aasiya Zubair Hassan . Asma Firfirey of suburban Cape Town , South Africa , told the Afrikaans newspaper Die Burger that she was on the phone with her sister , Aasiya Zubair Hassan , last week when she heard Hassan tell her husband to calm down . She said she heard Hassan say the two could talk about their impending divorce the following day . Then she heard something that sounded like her sister struggling to breathe , she said . "  I can only imagine how scared and emotional she must have been before she died , " Firfirey said in the interview , reported in English by South Africa 's News 24 . Police have charged Hassan 's husband , Muzzammil Hassan , with second-degree , or intentional , murder in the death of his wife , according to the Erie County District Attorney 's Office . Her decapitated body was found at the offices of Bridges TV , the television network where Muzzammil Hassan was chief executive officer and Aasiya Hassan was general manager . Hassan told Orchard Park police his wife was dead , led officers to her body and was arrested Thursday , said Erie County District Attorney Frank Sedita III . He is scheduled to appear in court Wednesday . Orchard Park Police Chief Andrew Benz on Tuesday contradicted a CNN report that quoted him as saying Hassan confessed to the crime . A Buffalo attorney told CNN on Tuesday that he expects to represent Hassan but declined further comment , saying details had not yet been worked out . Hassan came to America from Pakistan 25 years ago and became a successful banker , but he and his wife were troubled by the negative perception of Muslims , Voice of America reported in 2004 . Speaking in December 2004 , Hassan said his wife , then pregnant , was worried about that perception and "  felt there should be an American Muslim media where her kids could grow up feeling really strong about their identity as an American Muslim . " "  So she came up with the idea and turned to me and said , ` Why do n't you do it ? ' " he said . "  And I was like , I have no clue about television . I 'm a banker . ... And her comment was , ` You have an MBA . Why do n't you write a business plan ? ' " Bridges TV began as a television network for Muslim-Americans , aimed at overcoming the negative stereotypes associated with the religion . "  There should be a Muslim media , " Muzzammil Hassan told VOA , "  so that Muslim children growing up in America grow up with the self-confidence and high self-esteem about their identity both as Americans and as Muslims . " In the past few years , according to a former employee who asked not to be named for fear of retribution , Bridges TV transformed itself into more of a cross-cultural network seeking to bridge the gap between all cultures . Most of their employees were not Muslim , the former employee said , and Muzzammil Hassan himself was not devout . Aasiya Hassan filed for divorce February 6 , police said , and Muzzammil Hassan was served with divorce papers at the station . That night , he showed up at the couple 's home , she notified authorities and he was served with a restraining order . Police are not commenting on details of the crime , except to say the woman 's body did not appear to have been moved . They also would not divulge what Muzzammil Hassan told police or the suspected motive . The law firm representing Aasiya Hassan refused to comment , only confirming that she had filed for divorce . Benz told CNN on Tuesday that police had responded to several domestic violence calls at the couple 's address , but no one was arrested . Firfirey , as well as a Pakistani woman identifying herself as another of Aasiya Hassan 's sisters , characterized her as living in fear . Firfirey said the last time she saw her sister was in May 2008 , when she visited South Africa . When she arrived , she was badly injured , and Firfirey 's family paid the equivalent of about $ 3,000 for her to be treated , she said . Aasiya Hassan returned to America , she said , because she wanted to complete her MBA degree and "  did n't want to leave her children with that monster . " She said she calls Muzzammil Hassan "  the fat man with evil eyes . " Aasiya Hassan would have graduated March 6 , Firfirey said . A woman in Pakistan using the name Salma Zubair posted on a blog that she is the sister of "  this brutally murdered woman . " "  She lived her 8 years of married life with fear in heart , " Zubair wrote . "  He had already frightened her enough that she could n't muster up her guts and leave him , and when she finally did gather that much strength he killed her so brutally . She lived to protect her children from this man and his family and she died doing so . " She said Aasiya Hassan "  had always been a very loving person , not even one person in this world can say a small wrong word about her ... she had always dreamed a life of a happily married family , which she did her best to achieve . " Both women said they were worried about the couple 's children , ages 4 and 6 . Firfirey said they were being cared for by a colleague of the couple . Muzzammil Hassan also has two older children from a previous marriage . Members of Muzzammil Hassan 's family did not return calls from CNN on Monday . The former employee told CNN that Aasiya Hassan was popular at the station and was very kind . Muzzammil Hassan was known among employees for having a temper -- he sometimes would yell at and demean his wife , but at other times appeared to be a loving husband and father , the former employee said . Bridges TV released a statement Monday saying its staff was "  deeply shocked and saddened by the murder of Aasiya Hassan and the subsequent arrest of Muzzammil Hassan . Our deepest condolences and prayers go out to the families of the victim . " Imam Mohamed Hagmagid Ali , vice president of the Islamic Society of North America , said Aasiya Hassan 's death serves "  as a wake-up call to call of us , that violence against women is real and can not be ignored ... the Muslim community is not exempt from this issue . We , the Muslim community , need to take a strong stand against domestic violence . " CNN 's Mary Snow contributed to this report .	New York man charged with second-degree murder after wife found beheaded Police : Woman 's decapitated body found at TV station where she , husband worked Report : Sister says she may have been on phone with victim when she was killed Aasiya Zubair Hassan had filed for divorce from Muzzammil Hassan days earlier
Washington  CNN  -- President Obama on Sunday praised the "  historic " House vote to pass a bill overhauling the nation 's ailing health care system , and said now it is time for the Senate to "  take the baton " and complete its work . The House passed its health care bill late Saturday night by a 220-215 vote , with 39 Democrats in opposition and one Republican supporting it . Senate approval is considered less certain due to opposition by all Republicans and some moderate Democrats . Obama called the support by many House members "  courageous " in the face of what he called "  the heated and often misleading rhetoric around this legislation . " The overhaul legislation would be the biggest expansion of health care coverage since Medicare was created more than 40 years ago . The Affordable Health Care for America Act , or H.R. 3962 , restricts insurance companies from denying coverage to anyone with a pre-existing condition or charging higher premiums based on gender or medical history . It also provides federal subsidies to those who can not afford health insurance . And it guarantees coverage for 96 percent of Americans , according to the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office . Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid of Nevada last week indicated uncertainty over whether that will happen this year . Obama said Sunday morning at the White House that he was "  absolutely confident " the Senate will follow suit in passing its version of the bill . Once both chambers have passed a bill , a congressional conference committee will merge the two proposals into a consensus version that would require final approval from each chamber and Obama 's signature . However , Republicans and an independent senator who sits with the Democratic caucus signaled Sunday that difficulties remain for Obama on his top domestic priority . Sen. Joseph Lieberman , an independent from Connecticut , reiterated he would join a Republican filibuster against a health care bill if it contains a government-run public health insurance option following the chamber 's amendment process . Speaking on "  FOX News Sunday , " Lieberman called the controversial public option , which is in the House bill and the Senate version being prepared by Reid , an unnecessary provision intended to bring government-run health insurance in the future . "  If the public option is in there , as a matter of conscience , I will not allow the bill to come to a final vote , " Lieberman said . He previously has said he wo n't oppose opening Senate debate on the bill despite the public option provision , and he maintained that stance Sunday . Lieberman 's stance is crucial because the Democratic caucus has the minimum 60 votes to overcome a Republican filibuster . Senate Republicans unanimously oppose the public option , though Sen. Olympia Snowe of Maine has floated the possible compromise idea of a trigger mechanism that would mandate a public option in the future if thresholds for expanded coverage and lower costs go unmet . The lone House Republican who supported the bill , Rep. Anh "  Joseph " Cao , told CNN on Sunday he put the needs of his district over the desire of his party . Cao 's "  yes " vote ended up being unnecessary for House passage , but gave House Speaker Nancy Pelosi license to tout bipartisan support for the controversial measure . "  I felt last night 's decision was the proper decision for my district even though it was not the popular decision for my party , " said Cao , a first-term representative from Louisiana 's traditionally Democratic 2nd District . "  A lot of my constituents are uninsured , a lot of them are poor . It was the right decision for the people of my district . " Cao acknowledged he extracted some White House pledges to help his district deal with the continuing impact of Hurricane Katrina in exchange for his vote . Asked about the reaction of fellow Republicans , Cao said the party 's leaders "  respect my decision , and I respect theirs . " Also Sunday , Rep. Mike Pence of Indiana , the chamber 's third-ranking Republican , said on the FOX program that Democrats were ignoring the wishes of the American public by pushing through the huge health care bill . Pence claimed the health care bill would raise costs , increase the deficit and lead to a government takeover of the health care system . "  I think the American people are deeply frustrated with the liberal establishment in Washington , " Pence said . "  If Democrats keep ignoring the American people , their party 's going to be history . " Democratic Rep. Chris Van Hollen of Maryland responded on the same show that the non-partisan Congressional Budget Office reported the House bill would reduce the deficit . Van Hollen chided Republicans for failing to confront rising health care costs that harmed the U.S. economy during the years the GOP controlled the White House and Congress . "  We 've had a great system for insurance companies , " Van Hollen said , citing large industry profits while Americans face practices he called unfair , such as having coverage denied for pre-existing conditions . "  This is a message to the American people ; we 're trying to bring down your costs to help more Americans afford health insurance . " The House vote less than an hour before midnight Saturday was full of drama . With eight seconds left in the voting period , Democrats began counting down and erupted in roars when Pelosi declared , "  The bill is passed " and banged the gavel . Read the House bill  PDF Republican lawmakers stood silently across the floor , some with their arms folded across their chests . "  Well , it was about what I thought it would be , " said House Republican Leader John Boehner of Ohio as he quickly exited . Later , he issued a statement saying the $ 1.2 trillion legislation would add to the country 's "  skyrocketing " debt . "  I came here to renew the American Dream , so my kids and their kids have the same opportunities I had , " Boehner said . "  I came here to fight big-government monstrosities like this bill that dim the light of freedom and diminish opportunity for future generations . " Michael Steele , the chairman of the Republican National Committee , also released a statement . "  Nancy Pelosi and her liberal lieutenants made a lot of promises today to get the votes they desperately needed , " he said . "  Make no mistake -- the Democrat leadership 's assurances were based on political expediency , not principle . Anyone receiving a promise from Pelosi is guaranteed to be disappointed in the end when their votes are no longer needed . " Earlier in the day , Obama met behind closed doors with Democrats to shore up support for the bill , calling it the chance of a generation . In the run-up to the vote , Republicans and conservative Democrats joined forces to pass an amendment to the bill to prohibit federal funds for abortion services . It was considered a big win for them and for the U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops , which used its power -- especially with conservative Democrats in swing congressional districts -- to help force Democratic leaders to permit a vote on the amendment . The prohibition , introduced by Democratic members , including Rep. Brad Ellsworth of Indiana and Rep. Bart Stupak of Michigan , would exclude cases of rape , incest or if the mother 's life is in danger . The GOP accounted for 174 of the votes in favor of the amendment , with one Republican voting "  present . " On the Democrats ' side , 64 voted for the measure , and 194 voted against . CNN 's Shirley Hung , Brianna Keilar , Deirdre Walsh , Lisa Desjardins and Elaine Quijano contributed to this report .	NEW : Obama calls support by House members "  courageous " Health care debate moves to Senate , which will vote on its version Joseph Lieberman says he 'll join filibuster against bill if it includes "  public option " Republicans decry bill 's passage , saying it will add to country 's mounting debt
CNN  The number of new HIV infections in a rural Indiana county has grown , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . The institute is working with state health leaders to control the "  severe outbreak , " which has spread among users of a prescription opioid called Opana . The outbreak has been ongoing since mid-December . As of Friday , 142 people have tested positive for HIV , with 136 confirmed cases and six more with preliminary positive test results , all in rural Scott and Jackson counties . This is a huge number of cases for an area that has a population of only a few thousand people . The CDC and state health leaders held a news conference Friday to talk about the new numbers and about the growing threat of the spread of disease from IV drug use , especially in isolated rural areas that have sparse health resources . Scott County , the epicenter of the outbreak , has only one doctor who deals with infectious disease , but the doctor is not an HIV specialist , the State Department of Health said . Since the rampant HIV outbreak was first noticed in mid-December , the state has tried to flood the area with additional resources . Indiana declared a public health emergency in that county in March . Indiana University has sent health volunteers to provide a clinic , open once a week to help treat people and test them for HIV . These workers are also going door to door to try to educate the population about the danger of sharing needles . So far , 33 patients have visited the temporary clinic , which is starting to see patients return to seek treatment . It 's no coincidence that many of the cases of the newly infected there are younger people "  who were n't around in the '80s and '90s when HIV was at its peak , " Dr. Jonathan Mermin said . In the 1980s , doctors were seeing an average of 35,000 new HIV infections among IV drug users , and that figure has been down 90 % nationally , he said . So people are n't as aware about the danger of sharing needles . Mermin is the director of the National Center for HIV/AIDS , Viral Hepatitis , STD , and TB Prevention . Education will be key , he emphasized . Indiana Gov. Mike Pence also signed a 30-day executive order that allows for a needle exchange . It was set to expire Friday , but he extended the order another 30 days Tuesday . Needle exchanges have been scientifically shown to reduce new infections . The state is also offering job services to people in the area . Dr. Joan Duwve , the chief medical consultant with the Indiana State Department of Health , spoke at length about how communities all along the Ohio River in her state and in Kentucky and West Virginia have seen a huge problem with prescription drug abuse , particularly in areas where there "  is not a lot to do . " Many family members , across generations , live in the same house and will use the drugs together as "  a community activity , " Duwve said . And this has led to more needle sharing , which spreads infection . She said this has been a problem for these areas for at least a decade . Another reason this infection has spread so rapidly is the nature of the drug itself . Opana , as the prescription opioid is known , needs to be injected more than once a day . Duwve said residents have reported injecting it four to 10 times a day to stay under its influence . When people start to feel the drug wear off after about four hours , they begin to feel sick and go into withdrawal . Often they 'll turn to an injecting partner in the same house who will share their needle and their drug to give the person relief from these symptoms . The other problem with this drug is that it requires a larger-gauge needle that exposes users to more blood , which increases the risk of infection . Health leaders worry about the spread of HIV and other diseases such as hepatitis C around the country as the number of illegal prescription drug users has grown . There has been a 150 % increase in hepatitis C between 2010 and 2013 , the majority of the increase believed to be from injection drug abusers , the CDC said . "  The situation in Indiana should serve as a warning not to let our guard down , " Mermin said . "  This is a powerful reminder " that HIV and other infectious diseases "  can gain ground at any time , unless you remain vigilant . "	The number of new HIV infections in Indiana has grown to 142 cases Some families in isolated communities use illegal drugs and share needles as a "  community activity , " a health official says Public health officials urge vigilance to stop the outbreak from gaining ground
Health.com  -- The line in the middle of Christine Honeycutt 's forehead was barely noticeable at first . It was a faint gray smudge , just a half-inch long from top to bottom . "  It looked like she ran into a doorjamb , which kids do , " says Christine 's mother , Vicki . But the five-year-old swore she 'd done no such thing . When she looked closer , Vicki also noticed what appeared to be a small bruise or birthmark on the left side of her daughter 's neck . That , too , seemed like nothing , but when the marks did n't go away after a couple of weeks , Vicki took Christine to the doctor . "  It 's just a discoloration , " the pediatrician said , giving Vicki a cream . "  Keep her out of the sun and put this on it . " The cream did n't work . Five months later , the gray line was still there -- and it now extended halfway down Christine 's forehead . Health.com : 20 medical mysteries and miracles The Honeycutts consulted a second doctor -- this time in southern California , where the family had recently moved from Charlotte , North Carolina -- and received the same advice . Vicki was n't reassured , but she was n't unduly worried , either . Christine was otherwise healthy , and she seemed to be enjoying kindergarten at her new school . Then , in first grade , Christine started inexplicably gaining weight and suffered a violent seizure at home one evening , losing consciousness and convulsing . The ER doctors who treated her concluded that the seizure had been brought on by the 102-degree fever she 'd been running , but Vicki suspected it was n't that simple . Health.com : Doctors induce 5-month coma to save woman 's life A surprising diagnosis \ Within a few months of the seizure , the line on Christine 's forehead stretched down to her eyebrow and looked more like an indentation than a shadow . People were noticing . One of Christine 's teachers told her to wipe the ink off her forehead . "  I ca n't , " she replied . "  It 's always there . " There were other troubling signs : One side of Christine 's forehead was normal , but the other was "  meaty , " Vicki recalls . And her ears looked out of proportion to one another -- an asymmetry that seemed to extend over her entire face . "  One side of her face looked like a baby , " Vicki says . "  It looked like one side of her face was growing and the other was not . " As it turns out , that 's exactly what was happening . In 2008 , two and a half years after the line first appeared on Christine 's face , a geneticist who specializes in facial deformities finally diagnosed her with Parry-Romberg syndrome , an extremely rare autoimmune disorder that affects roughly one in a million people . Christine 's own immune system had turned against her so that one side of her face was developing normally while the other side was slowly but surely deteriorating . Parry-Romberg syndrome , also known as progressive facial hemiatrophy , was first identified in the early 1800s . It usually starts in childhood and gets worse with time , and it seems to be more common in girls .  Although Christine was diagnosed by a geneticist , the condition does not appear to be inherited .  In addition to the distinctive atrophy that occurs on one side of a patient 's face , it can also cause seizures and other neurological problems . The indented line in Christine 's forehead -- a feature found in about one-quarter of people with facial hemiatrophy -- is known as coup de sabre , a French phrase that translates as "  cut of a saber " and evokes a scar that someone who has sustained a gash in a sword fight might be left with . After Christine was diagnosed , Vicki went home and looked up Parry-Romberg on the Internet . What she saw was not comforting . "  There were horrifying pictures , " she says . "  One side -LSB- of a patient 's face -RSB- was a skeleton and the other side was n't . " Health.com : Get really inspired A bleak prognosis There is no cure for Parry-Romberg syndrome . Nor are there any proven treatments , although drugs that suppress the immune system have been shown to be beneficial in some cases . For two years after Christine 's diagnosis , the Honeycutts consulted expert after expert , and all of them told the family that not only was there no cure , but Christine could not have her face reconstructed until the disease stopped progressing , which could take years . By that time , the underlying facial bones might also be affected . "  This was mind-blowing , " Vicki says . "  She 's going to go through adolescence with her face destroyed then they 're going to reconstruct it ? " That was n't good enough for Vicki . Christine was now 11 years old , on the brink of a stage in life that can be tumultuous for even the healthiest and most ordinary kids . So Vicki contacted Dr. John Siebert , M.D. , a plastic surgeon whose name she 'd come across during her online research . A professor of surgery at the University of Wisconsin School of Medicine and Public Health in Madison , Siebert specializes in microsurgery and has operated on about 400 patients with facial asymmetry over the past two decades , 140 of them with Parry-Romberg . He looked at photos of Christine and agreed to operate in November 2010 . The Honeycutts made plans to travel to Wisconsin . Health.com : "  Indescribable , crazy pain " : I survived dengue fever "  Like building a teddy bear " The surgery took about seven hours . Siebert and his team transplanted tissue -- complete with functioning blood vessels -- from under Christine 's left arm and inserted it under her face via an incision in front of her ear . "  It 's like building a teddy bear , " Siebert says . "  The skin and the fur is all there . My job is to give the stuffing to bring out its natural form or shape . " His goal in these surgeries , he adds , is to "  sculpt " the transplanted tissue and integrate it with the healthy tissue on the other side of a patient 's face "  smoothly and gradually , so it looks like it was there all along . " The relocated tissue will grow along with Christine as she matures , Siebert says -- although he ca n't explain how . It could be that the transplanted tissue and blood vessels restore normal blood supply to the damaged side of the face and allow the cells of different tissues to "  talk to each other " in ways that prevent further atrophy , he says . Some Parry-Romberg experts are skeptical that the procedure can actually reverse the course of the disease and prevent damage to the underlying bone and muscle . But Siebert says he has rarely had to perform a second surgery , which , he says , would probably be needed if the disease continued to progress . Health.com : 7 strategies to love the way you look Back to school Christine will undergo a brief procedure to fine-tune the tissue in her jaw this summer , and she 'll have to visit Dr. Siebert 's office every five or six months after that . She has a scar that stretches from her underarm to her shoulder , an incision mark on her neck , and , three months after the surgery , her face is still a bit swollen . But she 's going to school again and is starting to feel like she 's returning to normal . "  I like my nose better now , " she says . Copyright Health Magazine 2011	Parry-Romberg syndrome is an extremely rare autoimmune disorder One side of her face was developing normally while the other side was deteriorating The relocated tissue will grow along with Christine as she matures
PARIS , France  CNN  -- The Air France plane that crashed a month ago off the coast of Brazil "  did not break up or become destroyed in flight , " but bellyflopped intact into the Atlantic Ocean , the French air investigation agency announced Thursday . Relatives and friends of an Air France steward follow his coffin during his funeral last week in Rio de Janeiro . "  The plane went straight down , almost vertically ... towards the surface of the water , very very fast , " air accident investigator Alain Bouillard said . Based on visual study of the physical remains of the Airbus A330 that have been recovered , "  we were able to see that the plane hit the surface of the water flat . Therefore everything was pushed upwards -- everything was pushed from the bottom to the top " of the plane , he said . The 228 people killed in the crash "  had no time to prepare , " he said . Watch more about Flight 447 's descent " But Bouillard said he did not have autopsy results from the bodies recovered , and did not know why no one lived through the crash . "  I do n't know why nobody survived , " he said . "  I do n't know the intensity of the impact . Perhaps we will find out from the autopsies . Perhaps we will never know . " Bouillard said it was still unclear what caused the crash , the deadliest in Air France 's 75-year history . "  Today we are very far from establishing the causes of the accident , " he said . But there is no reason to ground Airbus A330 airplanes , he said . "  There is no problem with flying these airplanes . " Pressed by a reporter on why he was not ordering the model to stop flying , he said the fleet has flown millions of miles and there are currently 660 of them flying . "  Statistically , this would answer the question , " he said . Air France 447 was unable to fly on autopilot at the time of the crash , the investigator said . That was because the autopilot was not receiving speed , wind or direction information , he said . "  These tell us that the plane has to be , in this case , directed by the pilot , " he said . He did not immediately say if the pilots were in control of Air France 447 . The last contact with the plane was at 2:10 a.m. local time on June 1 . "  Right after that 24 automated messages came through " about the status of the plane , he said . Those messages were what enabled investigators to determine that the autopilot would not have had enough information to fly the plane , he said . No air-traffic controllers seem to have been monitoring the flight when it went down , investigations have found . It would normally have been "  handed over " from controllers in South America to others in Africa while flying over the Atlantic , but that did not happen , Bouillard said . "  We want to know why there was no concern in Dakar  in Senegal , west Africa  when this plane was not handed over , " he said . The plane was flying through severe storms when it went down . Three other flights on similar routes changed course within an hour after Air France 447 flew into the bad weather . A Spanish , French and German flight all experienced turbulence in the same region and diverted as much as 100 km  62 miles  off course to avoid bad weather , Bouillard said . All three flights had problems communicating with air traffic control . Investigators will continue searching for the flight data recorder and the cockpit voice recorder -- commonly known as "  black boxes " -- until July 10 , said Bouillard , of the French air accident investigation agency known as the BEA . "  They normally give a signal for 30 days . We will keep listening another 10 days , " he said . Air France said Thursday it was of "  capital importance " to find the recorders , "  which would enable the investigators to analyze the causes of the accident , whatever these may be . No effort must be spared in achieving this end . " Bouillard said investigators would continue to search even after the beacons on the recorders stop signaling , in what he called a "  second phase " of the search . "  If we could find a part of the plane that we know was near the black boxes , that will give us a clue about where to search , " he said . The mountainous ocean floor in the search area ranges from 3,280 to 15,091 feet , BEA officials have said in the past , making the search for the recorders -- and the rest of the plane 's debris -- difficult . "  It is as if it fell in the Andes , " Olivier Ferrante , chief of the BEA search mission said last month . French submarines and sensitive U.S. military listening devices are being used in the search . Flight 447 went down in stormy weather while flying from Rio de Janeiro , Brazil , to Charles de Gaulle Airport in Paris . Brazil called off the search for bodies on June 27 , having found 51 of the 228 people who died when the plunged into the sea , according to the military . Investigators have also found more than 600 parts and structural components of the plane , along with luggage , Bouillard said . They have not found any clothing , he said , but was unable to say why .	Air France plane that crashed in June "  did not break up in flight , " officials say Airbus A330 was unable to fly on autopilot at the time of the crash Investigators will search for data recorders until July 10 , investigator says Plane wreckage believed to be on Atlantic seabed , around 4,500 meters deep
CNN  -- Carl Fields flips through hundreds of job applications he 's filled out during the last 20 months of unemployment . "  I feel that I am going to get a job , " he says . "  I just feel it in my bones and my spirit that I am going to get a job . ... It 's just a matter of when . " Fields , 59 , is an African-American in Plainsboro , New Jersey , with a bachelor 's degree who has been unemployed since February 2009 . He was let go from his job as a vice president at a large insurance brokerage firm . He had worked there for more than 25 years . He is also a devout Christian with an enormous amount of faith that he soon will be employed again . Unfortunately , there are a slew of statistics that suggest his optimism may be unwarranted . "  It 's been a devastating recession for American society . We have n't seen unemployment rates like this since the '40s or around the Depression , " says Melvin Oliver , co-author of "  Black Wealth/White Wealth : A New Perspective on Racial Inequality . " "  For African-Americans , it 's been a tsunami . It 's been just a catastrophic event . " For black male college graduates 25 and older , the unemployment rate is 7.8 percent , as of August , according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics . It 's 4.4 percent for white male college graduates older than 25 . The unemployment rate for whites was 8.7 percent in September , according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics . For blacks , it was 16.1 percent . The difference is often explained by a lack of college education among many blacks . But even college-educated blacks are unemployed at a higher rate than whites . "  The college-educated black population is still predominantly in government jobs , which we 've seen a lot of cutbacks , " Oliver says . "  They 're predominantly in the retail sector and they 're in parts of the corporate sector that are the first to go . And this is one of the issues that we have : that our highly educated African-Americans are still getting trained in areas that are most vulnerable in the economy . They 're not the dynamic , growing parts of the economy . " The unemployment rate does n't tell the whole story . The Labor Department also issues an employment-population ratio , which tracks what percentage of a given population is employed . A little more than 64 percent of black males were employed in December 2007 when the recession began . By last month , that figure had dropped to 56.9 percent . While not all of the people represented in that drop are involuntarily out of a job , a significant portion are . Economist Julianne Malveaux says the employment-population ratio represents "  families that are not accumulating -LSB- wealth -RSB- . These are families that have children who are going to college . And they 're saying , ' I ca n't help you . I do n't have anything for you . ' " That 's the case for Fields and his wife , Lynette Clark Fields . Cameron Clark , the youngest of their children , was attending Morehouse College until last spring . He had to leave , partly because his grades were poor , and partly because the Fieldses did n't have the money for him to stay . "  The financial condition of this family says we ca n't afford you to -LSB- be -RSB- back at Morehouse . We can not afford that level of tuition . It just can not happen , " Carl Fields says . Clark is now in community college , and his grades are better . He hopes to return to Morehouse soon . "  When my blessing comes through , then there will probably be a blessing extended to Cameron to go back , " Fields says . "  We 're not sure when that will be . " Fields ' next "  blessing " may not be as profitable as his last job . A Gallup Poll says that "  underemployment " for blacks was 28.3 percent in May . That means more than a quarter of employed blacks are working for less money at jobs beneath their skill or education levels . Fields says he realizes and accepts that he may not ever work in a job at his skill level ever again . Every day he goes to the library to surf the job boards and fill out applications . "  Not all of those are in my career discipline , " he says , nodding to the jobs pulled up on a computer screen . "  It does n't really matter . ... I 've been out of the picky mode for quite some time . " This former vice president has recently applied for positions as an administrative assistant and warehouse clerk . One version of his résumé leaves off his vice president title so that employers do n't automatically weed him out as "  overqualified . " In addition to the online applications , Fields has attended more than a dozen job fairs , but he says he leaves every one feeling frustrated . "  I go despite the results because I never know if the next job fair is going to be the one where that job , the next career will come from . It causes me to keep going , " he says . In the end , it may be his faith -- or at least his church -- that leads to a job . When Fields ' influential pastor , the Rev. Buster Soaries , found out he was looking for work after more than a year and a half , the minister asked some of his more connected members to put some feelers out for Fields . That has n't yielded Fields a job ... yet . But he says he 's still hopeful .	Carl Fields , 59 , is an African-American with a college degree who has been unemployed for a year and a half . He is one of many black males unemployed , which statistics show are almost double the number of white males . Fields is also looking to his church for not only spiritual guidance but help in finding a job , too .
CNN  -- Jay Leno pulled no punches on his show Monday night , the first since NBC confirmed the TV host was being kicked out of his low-rated 10 p.m. slot after just three months . "  Welcome to ` The Jay Leno Show . ' As you know , we 're not just a show anymore , we are now a collector 's item , " he said to open the show , before launching into a string of scathing one-liners making not-so-light of the situation . Jeff Gaspin , chairman of NBC Universal Television Entertainment , announced Sunday that the network was taking Leno -- formerly the host of "  The Tonight Show " now helmed by Conan O'Brien -- out of the prime-time slot because the show "  did n't meet affiliates ' needs " despite performing at acceptable levels for the network . The last show will air February 11 to make way for the 2010 Winter Olympics , which airs starting February 12 . "  NBC said the show performed exactly as they expected it would and then canceled us . Do n't confuse this when we were on at late night and performed better than expected and they canceled us . That was totally different , " Leno quipped . Gaspin said the plan now is for Leno to host a new , half-hour show at 11:35 p.m. ET , followed by "  Tonight " with O'Brien at 12:05 a.m. and Jimmy Fallon 's "  Late Night " show moving to 1 a.m. O'Brien had his own zingers for NBC during his monologue Monday night . Among them : -- "  Good evening , I 'm Conan O'Brien , the new host of ` Last Call with Carson Daly . ' " -- "  This weekend no one was seriously hurt , but a 6.5 earthquake hit California . The earthquake was so powerful that it knocked Jay Leno 's show from 10:00 to 11:35 . " -- "  On the positive side , I have learned a valuable lesson from all this : never sign a contract that ends with the word ` NOT . ' " As of Sunday , NBC was still negotiating with the three hosts over the proposed line-up . "  Supposedly we 're moving to 11:30 . Even this is not for sure . My people are upset . Conan 's people are upset . Hey , NBC said it wanted drama at 10:00 -- now they 've got it ! Everyone 's mad , " Leno said Monday night . Before turning his monologue to other current events , Leno had one last piece of mud to sling : "  I take pride in one thing . I leave NBC prime time the same way I found it -- a complete disaster . " NBC moved Leno to the prime time slot in September with "  The Jay Leno Show , " a decision that raised eyebrows in the industry . In an unprecedented move , NBC was pitting a talk show up against the hourlong dramas that have typically done well at 10 p.m. Although Leno 's ratings were on target with NBC 's expectations , the low average of nightly viewers left affiliates feeling the brunt of "  the Leno effect , " causing the ratings for nightly news to drop . This announcement fueled rumors that O'Brien , who took Leno 's spot on "  The Tonight Show " in 2009 , is considering making an exit . Scott Grogin , a spokesman for Fox , had no comment on whether the network had reached out to offer O'Brien his own show . Fox reportedly went after him six years ago , which led to NBC offering him the "  Tonight Show " chair after Leno 's eventual departure . "  This is still being sorted out , " said Ben Grossman , editor in chief of the industry trade publication Broadcasting and Cable , who added that he expects the network to reach a conclusion over the next few days . "  The bottom line is that NBC has decided -- correctly or incorrectly -- that they 're going to try and keep all their late-night talent . That 's very expensive and a very questionable strategy . " Grossman thinks it 's very likely Leno will remain at 11:30 post-negotiations . "  I just do n't know that you need to pay that much money in late-night . I think you pick two hosts , one at 11:30 and one at 12:30 . " Out of the three hosts , O'Brien is the clear loser , Grossman says . Even if O'Brien were to stick it out with NBC , getting bumped back to 12:05 is not optimal , said Christopher Naughton , a 20-year TV veteran and attorney who produces "  The American Law Journal . " "  Pushing it back half an hour is huge , " Naughton said . "  The later in the night you go , the fewer people that are watching . -LSB- That 's -RSB- going back to a time slot where it 's the ` Late Show ' again . " The whole scenario recalls the precedent set by a similar NBC fiasco 17 years ago , Naughton said , when Leno and David Letterman were dueling over "  The Tonight Show . " After failing to secure the "  The Tonight Show " position succeeding Johnny Carson , "  Letterman was able to break out of his contract -LSB- with NBC -RSB- , " Naughton said . "  It set legal precedence because they wanted to keep Letterman , but he jumped ship through an escape clause . " NBC 's talk shuffle : The right move ? Share your view The effect of that incident has been reverberating through NBC for years , he added . "  It 's a karmic thing for them , " Naughton said . "  You would think that NBC would have learned . " Jerry Seinfeld , however , does n't believe people should be shedding tears for O'Brien . "  Conan has a chance to destroy everybody , " the comedian said while on a press tour for his new show , "  The Marriage Ref . " "  I do n't think anyone 's done anything to Conan . "	NEW : Conan : Earthquake so powerful "  it knocked Jay Leno 's show from 10:00 to 11:35 " Leno : "  I leave NBC prime time the same way I found it -- a complete disaster " NBC is still negotiating contracts for Leno , Fallon , O'Brien Jerry Seinfeld : "  Conan has the chance to destroy everybody "
CNN  -- Tetiana Chornovol , a prominent Ukrainian civic activist and journalist beaten on Christmas , said she has a long list of enemies , and that she was sure she would die during the attack . She spoke from a hospital bed Thursday , one day after a group of men dragged her from her car outside of Kiev in the latest attack on government opponents . "  Many people are trying to get me . It was not a provocation against somebody else , I am sure about it , " Chornovol told Ukraine 's Channel 5 . "  I mean , I am a revolution activist , a very active one , and I am very well known as a journalist . I 've undertaken many journalistic investigations , which are still irritating all of them . " She thinks her attackers were paid to kill her . "  And I was very scared when they were beating me ; I thought they were going to kill me , " she said . A spokeswoman for the U.S. State Department said Washington is watching the case closely . "  We call on the government of Ukraine to uphold its  Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe  commitments and ensure respect for human rights , including fundamental freedoms of expression ... , " Jen Psaki said . "  We urge the government of Ukraine to send an unequivocal message that violence against critics of the government and those who are working towards a modern , democratic , and prosperous Ukraine will not be tolerated . " In Kiev , protesters rallied outside the Interior Ministry . Some held up pictures of Chornovol , while others had photos of Ukrainian Interior Minister Vitaliy Zakharchenko with words "  Down with the bloody minister . " Two of three suspects arrested The Interior Ministry said it had identified three suspects in the beating . The ministry said it had arrested two of the suspects . A dashboard camera in Chornovol 's car captured part of the attack on the 34-year-old journalist known for her muckraking investigations into corruption among senior state officials , according to the opposition Batkivshchyna party website . A still image from the dashboard camera footage showed the black SUV that struck Chornovol 's car moments before the assault . The freelance journalist suffered a broken nose , concussion and numerous bruises , the online newspaper Ukrainska Pravda reported . Face battered Pictures and a video of the journalist posted online showed Chornovol with the right side of her face and her lips swollen and bloody , according to Russian state-run RIA Novosti news agency . Sources on various social media pages said she was hospitalized with a concussion . Ukrainian President Viktor Yanukovych urged police Wednesday to investigate the attack as quickly as possible , the news agency reported . The attack was the second on a Ukrainian opposition activist in as many days , according to RIA Novosti . Dmitry Pilipets , a civic activist and organizer of protests in the eastern city of Kharkiv , was stabbed four times on the street by two unknown male attackers late Tuesday night . He was hospitalized Wednesday in stable condition , according to the news agency . The latest assault could increase tensions between the state and demonstrators who have braved sub-zero temperatures and set up tents and barricades in the city center to voice their opposition to closer ties with Russia .	Activist and freelance journalist tells Ukranian TV she thought she would die Washington calls on Ukraine to send message violence wo n't be tolerated Protesters rally outside the Interior Ministry in Kiev Two suspects are under arrest , authorities say
CNN  -- Lebanese authorities have arrested the chief of an al Qaeda-affiliated jihadist group that has previously claimed terror attacks in Lebanon , Egypt and elsewhere , the Lebanese army said Friday . The suspect is Saudi national Majed Al-Majed , who is accused of heading the Abdullah Azzam Brigades , the army statement said . He has been on Saudi Arabia 's most wanted list since 2009 , the statement said , adding that DNA tests had confirmed his identity . The Sunni jihadist group recently took responsibility for a pair of suicide bombings targeting the Iranian Embassy in Beirut that left more than 20 people dead . It warned that more attacks would come unless Hezbollah , a Lebanese-based , Iranian-backed Shiite militia , stopped sending fighters to support Syrian regime forces . The Abdullah Azzam Brigades has previously claimed responsibility for a failed attack on U.S. warships docked in Jordan and for bombings of Egyptian beach resorts in 2004 and 2005 that killed more than 100 people . The United States declared it a terrorist group in 2012 , saying it was responsible for a 2010 attack on a Japanese-owned oil tanker in the Strait of Hormuz and had expressed interest in attacking Western interests in the Middle East . The group formed in the Palestinian refugee camps in Lebanon and has battled Lebanese government troops before . Beirut was shaken Thursday by a large car bomb blast in a residential neighborhood known as a Hezbollah stronghold . At least four people were killed and 77 injured in the explosion , according to Lebanon 's state-run National News Agency .	Saudi national Majed Al-Majed is thought to be head of the jihadist Abdullah Azzam Brigades His identity has been confirmed by DNA tests , the Lebanese army says He has been on Saudi Arabia 's most wanted list since 2009 , the army says The Sunni jihadist group has claimed attacks in Lebanon , Egypt and Jordan
CNN  -- Getting children to take a nap can be hard . Getting them to eat pancakes is not nearly as difficult . Police in Westerville , Ohio , say a 37-year-old mother operating a day care out of her home hit upon a plan -- she allegedly crushed medications that cause drowsiness and put them in the pancakes . Tammy Eppley has been charged with six counts of child endangerment . Her first court date is July 12 . Eppley , who runs the Caterpillar Clubhouse , cared for six children -- including one of her own -- between the ages of 2 and 5 , police said . "  This is mortifying . I 'm a very private person and I 'm very protective of my children and the children in my care , " she said . Investigators believe she used medications such as the allergy medicine Benadryl and supplements like melatonin to get the children to go to sleep , according to a statement from the Westerville Police . She would say something to the effect of "  I just gave them their nappy time medicine , " Lt. Paul Scowden told CNN affiliate WCMH . None of the children suffered any illness or injury related to the alleged drugging incident . A former friend reported her to child protective services after she received a series of text messages from Eppley joking about sedating the kids . Eppley has denied the charges , claiming she was just venting in the texts . "  It was just any frustrated parent that would say when they were frustrated , " she said . "  The kids are driving me crazy today , they 're off the wall . I wish there was a drug like in sleeping beauty they would all just go to sleep . " She said she had given medications in the past , but only with parental permission .	Tammy Eppley says she is mortified by the charges She says any text she sent about sedating a child was just her venting She has been charged with six counts of child endangerment None of the children were injured or made ill
HARARE , Zimbabwe  CNN  -- Zimbabwe 's inflation rate has soared in the past three months and is now at 11.2 million percent , the highest in the world , according to the country 's Central Statistical Office . Zimbabwe 's inflation rate has soared to a world high . Official figures dated Monday show inflation has surged from the rate of 2.2 million percent recorded in May , despite the government 's price controls . The country 's finance minister confirmed the new figure in an interview but said the rising inflation rate was not confined to Zimbabwe alone . "  While our case has been aggravated by the illegal sanctions imposed by the Western powers , rising food prices are a world phenomenon because of the use of bio-fuel , " said Samuel Mumbengegwi . "  But we will continue to fight inflation by making sure that prices charged are realistic . " In February , the price of a loaf of bread in the country was less than 200,000 Zimbabwe dollars . On Monday , that same loaf of bread cost 1.6 trillion Zimbabwe dollars . Analysts have said the Zimbabwean government 's official inflation rate figures are conservative . Last week , one of Zimbabwe 's leading banks , Kingdom Bank , said the country 's inflation rate was now more than 20 million percent . The locally-owned bank predicted tougher times ahead for Zimbabwe in the absence of donor support and foreign investment in an economy that has been in freefall for almost a decade . Once considered the breadbasket of Africa , Zimbabwe has been in the throes of an economic meltdown ever since the country embarked on a chaotic land reform program that has decimated commercial agriculture . Analysts say the crisis has worsened following President Robert Mugabe 's disputed reelection in the June 27 presidential run-off . His challenger Morgan Tsvangirai boycotted the race over widespread allegations of violence and voter intimidation . The economic crisis has destroyed Zimbabwe 's currency and made it difficult for Zimbabweans to buy basic commodities , electricity , fuel , and medicines . Many Zimbabweans have left the country amid rising unemployment and deepening poverty . Last week a summit in South Africa of regional African leaders failed to persuade Zimbabwe 's political parties to agree to form a government of national unity , which observers view as the best way to end Zimbabwe 's record recession .	Zimbabwe 's inflation rate soars to 11.2 million percent A loaf of bread costs 1.6 trillion Zimbabwe dollars Official rate is world 's highest but some analysts fear it may be more Zimbabwe officials blame international sanctions and rising global food prices
CNN  -- Mirko Vucinic and Rodrigo Taddei scored second half goals as AS Roma beat Juventus 2-0 in the quarterfinals of the Coppa Italia Thursday night . Montenegro 's Vucinic struck in the 65th minute while Taddei sealed Roma 's passage to the semifinals in added time . The victory in Turin earns Roma a clash with holders Inter Milan , while Palermo will face AC Milan in the other two-legged last four encounter . It was the seventh win in eight matches for Claudio Ranieri 's improving side , who have moved up to a challenging third in Serie A behind leaders Milan . But it was a sorry defeat for sliding Juve with a Europa League place for the winners of the domestic cup at stake . Vucinic scored after taking a pass from Daniele De Rossi and Taddei produced an acrobatic finish for the second . AC Milan beat Sampdoria 2-1 in their quarterfinal on Wednesday to stay on course for the treble . They face Tottenham Hotspur in the last 16 of the Champions League next month . Inter won 5-4 on penalties away at Napoli after the match had finished 0-0 , as they continue their unlikely bid to emulate the treble achieved under Jose Mourinho last season . Palermo were the first to make the last four on Tuesday when they beat Parma , also 5-4 on penalties .	AS Roma beat Juventus 2-0 in quarterfinals of Coppa Italia Mirko Vucinic and Rodrigo Taddei score in victory in Turin Roma face Inter Milan in last four with AC Milan taking on Palermo
CNN  -- In rural Boulder County , Colorado , Loretta Ford felt as if she were an epidemiologist , a sanitation department and a health inspector -- but in title , she was a nurse . She and colleagues carried everything , including the baby scales , as they set up temporary clinics in churches , schools and wherever else they could . In the 1940s and '50s , there was no one else taking care of these basic community needs except Ford and her fellow public health nurses . As she gained experience , Ford realized that more nurses should be able to have specialized training so they could make basic decisions on their own about the health status of patients . Ford , 90 , the co-founder of the nurse practitioner movement , is being inducted into the National Women 's Hall of Fame on Saturday in Seneca Falls , New York . Thanks in large part to her efforts , there are more than 140,000 nurse practitioners working in the United States today . Many can prescribe and diagnose as doctors can , but their nursing background emphasizes health promotion and patient empowerment . "  I 'm pretty proud of them . I get a lot of credit for 140,000 nurses and I do n't deserve it , " Ford said in September . "  They 're the ones who fought the good fight . They took the heat and they stood it and they 've done beautifully . " Who are the nurse practitioners ? Nurse practitioners are allowed to have independent practices in 16 states and the District of Columbia , and that number is growing -- two joined the list in 2011 . In all states , they can prescribe most medications , although in some states they must collaborate with a physician for prescriptions  The Center to Champion Nursing in America has this map showing restrictions  . There are 6 million visits to nurse practitioners every year , according to the American Academy of Nurse Practitioners . They are in high demand , because there is a shortage of primary care doctors in the United States , where a huge chunk of the population is approaching old age and high obesity rates are aggravating diabetes and heart disease levels . Although the training is different from medical school , nurse practitioners do invest a great deal of time in education : usually a bachelor 's degree in nursing and then two to four more years getting a graduate-level degree , sometimes in a specialty area such as family practice . About 93 % of nurse practitioners have graduate degrees , and there is currently a proposal by the American Association of Colleges of Nursing to require a doctorate-level degree to become a nurse practitioner by the year 2015 . The nurse practitioner philosophy is a holistic approach to the health of the patient , Ford said . Nurse practitioners focus on health , functionality and daily living , and giving the patient feedback . "  The end result , of course , is to empower the patient or the family or the person to advance to self-care and to be responsible for that , " Ford said . Ford had wanted to be a teacher , but because of cost concerns she went to nursing school instead . During World War II , she worked as a nurse at various U.S. Army and Air Force bases . When the war ended , she attended the University of Colorado School of Nursing and earned bachelor 's and master 's degrees . Ford 's journey The 1960s were a time of social and political upheaval , and Ford saw that chaos as an opportunity to start something new . She collaborated with pediatrician Dr. Henry Silver to start the nation 's first pediatric nurse practitioner program in 1965 at the University of Colorado 's Schools of Medicine and Nursing . They were interested in expanding public health nurses ' roles , emphasizing prevention and health promotion . "  Here she is practicing in rural Colorado , she sees a need for a new profession , a better way of doing things , something that could really enhance health care and bring health care to more people , and so she created the whole profession , " said Penny Kaye Jensen , president of the American Academy of Nurse Practitioners . "  That 's just an inspiration to all of us . " Her colleagues were concerned that she was working so closely with a doctor in this program , Ford remembers . They feared the model would become more about nurses being supervised by physicians rather than serving as colleagues and partners . There were also a lot of questions about whether state laws would permit what they were teaching : Could nurses use devices like stethoscopes ? Could they make decisions about the health status of children ? "  There was great concern , I think , that the kind of direction that we were taking was much more medical than nursing , " Ford said . "  It 's not easy when you have to buck some of the old prejudices and some of the demands of faculty that 's set in its ways , so to speak . " At the same time , professional organizations were calling for nurses to be specialists in clinical areas and more independent in making decisions , but also interdependent in a team relationship with doctors . "  These are all things the profession was saying , but the rhetoric and reaction were quite different , " Ford said . "  It took a while before there was more acceptance of it in schools of nursing . " Ford always thought nurse practitioners would be able to practice independently ; it 's only recently that autonomy has been legalized in several states , but there has always been a clear need , she said . "  A lot of them were doing it anyway . Now this has legitimized it , " Ford said . "  We were the ` Lone Rangers . ' We had to make decisions . " Ford at Rochester After the success of her program in Colorado , Ford became the founding dean of the University of Rochester School of Nursing in 1972 . By the 1980s , nurse practitioner programs had started cropping up all over the country . Kathy Rideout said that when she joined the nursing school faculty at Rochester in 1985 , a nurse practitioner practicing independently was still unheard of , and there was no national certification . Rideout had done her education at the University of Pittsburgh , but the Pittsburgh area did n't have many nurse practitioners . Rochester , on the other hand , was full of them , thanks in part to Ford . Rideout , now interim dean of the school of nursing , remembers Ford taking the time to interview her when she came to the school . The younger woman was anxious , but Ford immediately calmed her . Ford wanted to know what her dreams and passions were . "  She has a quiet leadership style . She is a listener , she is a great thinker and she has the ability to really put you at ease , " Rideout said . "  That 's really at the heart of who she is . " Ford retired about a year later , but has remained involved with the University of Rochester School of Nursing through financial support , mentorship , fundraising and other activities . The school now has nine specialty nurse practitioner programs , including child psychiatry , which helps fill a need for mental health services in rural upstate New York , Rideout said . But the field seems to be getting broader , so nurse practitioners are trained in more general areas first with the option to specialize , she said . Nurse practitioners today The four components of Ford 's vision for nurse practitioners -- the ability to assess , diagnose , treat and evaluate -- have not changed since the early days , but the extent to which they do those things has evolved , and so has their independence , Rideout said . One of those nurse practitioners who operates with that relatively recent independence is Angie Golden , who has had her own primary care family practice near Flagstaff , Arizona , for eight years . What she does is similar to a family practice physician , but her nursing background has given her an emphasis on "  the caring and the curing of health care , " she said . About two years after Golden became a nurse practitioner , a patient came into her office who confirmed all the reasons she had wanted to go into the field . The patient had been struggling with chronic back pain and had seen various health care providers , but could n't find the right combination of therapies that would allow her to resume her work as a jewelry sculptor . Golden worked with the patient to attack the problem from many angles : pain medicine , physical therapy , acupuncture and meditation . The alternative approaches helped the patient feel more in control of her pain , and she did go back to work . "  When you get to work with a patient to help them find the therapies that are going to let them have the quality of life that they want , I just do n't think it gets any better than that , " said Golden , who is also the president-elect of the American Academy of Nurse Practitioners . Julie Willardson , 36 , who received her nurse practitioner doctorate degree in May , came into the field because she was frustrated that , as a home care nurse , she 'd have to wait several days -- sometimes even a week -- to get a doctor 's order to request laboratory work or other relatively simple procedures . Having practiced in multiple nursing specialties and attained this advanced education , Willardson does n't regret having chosen nursing rather than medical school . "  I 've had patients tell me things they 've never told anyone in their life . It 's really been an honor , " Willardson said . "  I 'm sure doctors love being a doctor , too , but I do n't know if they get the full human side of medicine . " In fact , a 2010 Gallup Poll found that Americans view nurses as the most honest and ethical professionals , rating them higher than medical doctors and police officers . As for Ford , who had wanted to go into public school teaching , she 's glad her life took her the way of nursing before giving her teaching opportunities in higher education that have left behind a lasting legacy . Nursing , she said , has enhanced the quality of her and her families ' lives , and given her the privilege of meeting and serving many interesting people . "  It 's amazing the strength these patients have , and stamina and optimism in the face of some very dire prognoses . They 're admirable , " she said . "  I 've been blessed . "	Loretta Ford , 90 , is being inducted into the National Women 's Hall of Fame on Saturday She co-founded the first nurse practitioner education program in 1965 Today , nurse practitioners can operate independently in 16 states and D.C. Nurse practitioners have the ability to assess , diagnose , treat and evaluate
CNN  -- Officials in Brazil say they fear the death toll may rise after four days of flooding left at least 33 people dead and thousands homeless . The flooding has mainly affected the northeastern states of Pernambuco and Alagoas . More than 1,000 people are missing in Alagoas with about 500 people unaccounted for in the town of Uniao dos Palmares alone , a state spokesman said . According to Brazil 's civil defense agency , more than 40,000 are homeless . Brazil 's President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva is meeting in Brasilia with governors of both states and has promised to facilitate emergency funds to help flood victims . Are you there ? Send us your photos or videos ? Pernambuco Governor Eduardo Campos -- who flew over the affected areas -- described the situation as "  heart-breaking . " "  What we have seen since Friday is more than a horror film , " Campos said in an official statement . Alagoas Governor Teotonio Vilela Filho traveled through several affected areas an attempted to reassure public . "  I ask you all to remain calm because we are all invested in helping you , " he said . Alagoas state weather officials are forecasting more rain on Tuesday . Brazil 's Center for Climatic Studies  CPTEC  predicted rain above average in the Northeast for the Autum season , which is now coming to an end . Brazil 's winter season officially began on June 21 .	Four days of flooding in Brazil has left 33 people dead and thousands homeless Flooding has mainly affected northeastern states of Pernambuco and Alagoas State weather officials are forecasting more rain on Tuesday
CNN  -- Thierry Henry could face FIFA disciplinary action over his handball which helped France to qualify for the finals of the 2010 World Cup at the expense of Ireland . FIFA president Sepp Blatter told reporters in Cape Town that the Barcelona striker 's "  blatant unfair play " could land him in hot water . "  The FIFA disciplinary committee will open an investigation ... concerning the behavior of the player Thierry Henry , " he said . "  It was blatant unfair play and was seen all around the world . I do n't know the outcome of the disciplinary committee , let them make the decision . "  Fair play must be maintained in our game . " Blatter was speaking after an extraordinary meeting of the FIFA executive committee , which was convened to consider the refereeing controversy in the France - Ireland match , incidents surrounding the Algeria - Egypt playoff tie and matchfixing in Europe . It had been widely trailed that the FIFA executive would sanction the use of two extra officials behind both goal lines in World Cup . But Blatter said that the finals in South Africa was too soon to introduce the system which has been used in the second-tier European club tournament this year . "  The experiments with the Europa League shall go on into the knockout stages next year but it has been decided , for the World Cup 2010 , there is no change in the refereeing : one referee , two assistants and a fourth official . " He went on to say that there would be further investigation into both video technology and additional referees . "  We shall have a look at technology or additional persons and this shall be done by a committee but not the referees committee alone , it will be done by the football , technical and medical committees , too , " he added . Ireland were denied a place in the finals by a goal that should have been disallowed because Henry used his hand to control the ball before setting up William Gallas to score the aggregate decider in the second leg in the Stade de France . Ireland subsequently launched two appeals , the first for the match to be replayed , the second for them to be added to the line-up for the finals as the 33rd team . Both have been rejected , but Blatter was forced to apologize to the Irish for making public their supposedly private bid to be included as an extra team . Blatter put their request into the public domain in light-hearted comments made in Johannesburg , which left Irish football officials infuriated and insulted . "  I would like to express my regrets for the wrong interpretation of what I said . I regret what I have created and I 'm sorry to the Ireland football confederation for these headlines going around the world , " he said . "  It 's a pity I communicated in this way . Sorry again . "	Thierry Henry face disciplinary action over his handball in World Cup playoff match FIFA president Sepp Blatter says their disciplinary committee will investigate FIFA rules out use of extra officials or video technology at the finals Blatter apologizes to Irish officials for comments made over their request to be 33rd team
Tripoli , Libya  CNN  -- Tripoli 's two million residents faced increasingly dire shortages of food and water Tuesday as rebels estimated the number of people killed during the past six months to be at least 50,000 . "  I can not overstate the urgency of this moment , " U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon said . "  Time is of the essence . " Ban said his goal was to get U.N. personnel on the ground "  as quickly as possible . " Sixty percent of Tripoli was without water or sanitation , Ban said . The European Union said Gadhafi forces had closed water-pumping stations in Jebel Hassouna along the route from Tripoli to Sabha while fleeing the capital . The resulting disruption of the water supply in Tripoli is "  a major issue , " an EU spokeswoman said , adding that security concerns along the road to the stations made it impossible to predict when the flow could be restored . All 31 EU countries have been asked whether they can help if the situation worsens , she said . The U.N. children 's agency was procuring five million liters  1.3 million gallons  of water to ship to Tripoli . The United Nations ' World Food Programme was sending 600 tons of food commodities -- wheat flour , pasta , vegetable oil and tomato paste -- for the Red Cross to distribute in Tripoli . The impact of the parched conditions was visible at the city 's main zoo , where the zookeeper said that , for seven days , the animals got nothing . By Tuesday , 10 of the usual complement of 200 workers had returned to their jobs . They said rations for the big cats had been cut in half . In the sweltering heat , rail-thin lions paced their cage , forlorn hippopotamuses looked askance at the tank of fetid water in their cage . Most of the cages were empty . Concern over the unfolding humanitarian disaster came as a rebel military commander said that at least 50,000 people , civilians and combatants had been killed in the war to oust Moammar Gadhafi . The number was calculated by adding death tolls reported in battle zones and accounts from agencies such as the Red Cross , said Hisham Abu Hajer , the Tripoli Brigades coordinator . But he did not divulge the data underlying the total and CNN can not independently verify it . The threat of more bloodshed loomed as reports of human rights violations surfaced and the leader of Libya 's National Transitional Council issued an ultimatum Tuesday for tribal leaders in towns still under the control of loyalists : Surrender or face attack on Saturday , after Eid al-Fitr festivities have drawn to a close . NTC head Mustafa Abdul Jalil told reporters that the rebels were in negotiations with the loyalists and hoped to "  avoid more bloodshed and to avoid more destruction and damage , " but would use force if the loyalists do n't surrender . "  It might have to be decided militarily ; I hope this will not be the case , " he said . As fighting continued for the last bastions under Gadhafi 's grip , the longtime dictator 's whereabouts remained unknown to rebel authorities . A clue came from a 17-year-old who told Sky News he had seen Gadhafi on Friday at the compound in Tripoli belonging to one of Gadhafi 's sons , Khamis . The teen said he had been working for the previous month as a guard for Khamis Gadhafi . The leader arrived and spoke with his son for 10 to 15 minutes , Abdu Salam Ataher-Ali said . Friday 's visit by Moammar Gadhafi came as rebels were taking control of the capital and Gadhafi loyalists were preparing to flee , the teenager told a translator during an interview in a rebel compound . "  He said Gadhafi was visiting us at the same time when we run away from Khamis ' compound , " the translator said . During the visit , the leader 's daughter , Aisha , arrived at the compound , where she and her father got into a convoy of vehicles and drove off , the teen told the translator . "  He said one of the high-ranking soldiers come to us and we asked him , ` Where is Gadhafi going ? ' and he said ` To Sabha , ' " the teen said . Sabha is a city in southwestern Libya and one of the loyalist strongholds . Khamis Gadhafi then got into an armored Toyota Land Cruiser and drove toward the town of Bani Walid , the teen said . Bani Walid is a city in the Misrata District in the north , another Gadhafi stronghold . An armored Land Cruiser was among a number of vehicles that were destroyed later by NATO bombs along the road northward . But it was not clear whether Khamis died in that attack . Tripoli residents greeted the end of Ramadan with celebratory gunfire amid news of Khamis ' death Sunday night after a battle with rebel forces in northwest Libya between Tarunah and Bani Walid . A rebel commander said Khamis Gadhafi was buried in the area . The teen said he had been persuaded to join Khamis Gadhafi 's group when he was told that foreign forces were attacking the country , Sky News reported . CNN has not been able to verify the Sky News report . Khamis Gadhafi 's legacy includes his eponymous Khamis Brigade , also known as the 32nd Brigade , which has been accused of human rights abuses . Human Rights Watch said Monday that the brigade executed detainees a week ago in a warehouse near Tripoli . Forces led by Khamis Gadhafi also killed scores of captive civilians as they tried to retreat from Tripoli , according to Muneer Masoud Own , who survived the attack , and CNN 's Arwa Damon , who saw the bodies being hauled off . Human Rights Watch and Amnesty International both documented the alleged incident . The legacy also apparently includes Shywega Mullah , who told CNN she worked as a nanny for Hannibal Gadhafi , one of Moammar Gadhafi 's sons . Her face and torso a grotesque , infected mass of scar tissue and infection , she said Hannibal 's wife , Aline , had poured boiling water over her head as punishment for failing to beat into silence one of Aline Gadhafi 's crying children . During her year of employment , the 30-year-old Ethiopian immigrant said , she had received no pay . But on Tuesday , she was being treated with antibiotics in a hospital , where she said she was feeling better . Another of Gadhafi 's sons , businessman Saadi Gadhafi , has offered to negotiate an end to the war with the rebels who , he said , can not "  build a new country without having us  at  the table . " He has made previous offers , though this time he appeared ready to cut loose from his father and his brother Saif al-Islam , once considered the Libyan leader 's heir apparent . "  If  the rebels  agree to cooperate to save the country together , then it will be easy and fast . I promise ! " Saadi Gadhafi said in an e-mail to CNN 's Nic Robertson . In a later e-mail , Saadi Gadhafi said that the NTC had asked him to travel to Tripoli to negotiate , but the rebels would not guarantee his security . Asked about the offer , NTC Deputy Prime Minister Ali Tarhouni said Saadi Gadhafi would get safe passage to Tripoli and would be well treated , but would be put on trial rather than given a chance to negotiate . Other members of Gadhafi 's family fared better than Khamis apparently did : Moammar Gadhafi 's wife , Safia , daughter Aisha and sons Mohamed and Hannibal crossed Monday into neighboring Algeria . Mourad Benmehidi , Algeria 's ambassador to the United Nations , said his nation allowed them to enter on "  humanitarian grounds . " Unlike Libya 's other neighbors , Algeria has not recognized the authority of the National Transitional Council and the authoritarian government in Algiers has much to fear with Arab revolutions so close to home . In Washington , State Department spokeswoman Victoria Nuland said the government of Algeria had sent a letter to the United Nations about the matter . "  We are reviewing that letter now in New York , " she said . "  But clearly , there has to be an international community decision in response with regard to the travel ban restrictions that  Resolution  1970 imposes . " The resolution , which was passed in February , imposes international sanctions on the Gadhafi regime for its use of force against peaceful protesters . Any nation that takes steps beyond the resolution has 48 hours to explain itself to the Security Council , she said . Referring to the Algerians ' letter , she said , "  With regard to our response to it , I think it 's too early to tell . " Jalil said Tuesday that the rebels would ask Algeria to extradite members of the Gadhafi family back to Libya . He also said that , once the rebels have full control of the country , courts will be set up to hear people 's complaints against the Gadhafi regime . But victory remained elusive , with loyalists controlling Bani Walid in the north and Sabha in the south and Gadhaffi 's hometown of Sirte , which is located on the Mediterranean between Tripoli and the opposition nerve center of Benghazi . On Tuesday , the front line of the rebel forces was about 100 kilometers  62 miles  west of Sirte and about 70 kilometers  43 miles  from Gadhafi forces . "  All we 're waiting for is the order from the NTC to move into Sirte , " one rebel said . But he and his fellow fighters expressed the hope that negotiations would succeed in the forces laying down their weapons . In addition to expressing concern over the humanitarian situation in Tripoli , the United Nations voiced "  extreme alarm " over reports of "  atrocious human rights violations " in Libya , including summary executions . "  We are also deeply concerned about reports that there are still thousands of people unaccounted for who were arrested or taken prisoner by Gadhafi security forces either earlier in the conflict or before it even started , " said Rupert Colville , spokesman for the U.N. High Commissioner for Human Rights . Another report , released Tuesday by Physicians for Human Rights , documents crimes in Misrata , which had been under siege from Gadhafi 's forces until rebels seized control . The report cites four witnesses who said they saw Gadhafi 's troops detain 107 civilians and use them as human shields to guard munitions from NATO strikes . One father told the physicians group that soldiers forced his two young children to sit on a tank , and threatened the family , saying , "  You 'll stay here , and if NATO attacks us , you 'll die too . " The report , which says Gadhafi shielded weapons by moving them to markets , mosques and schools , also details accounts of detention and torture . Still , signs of normalcy were visible Tuesday in Tripoli , where some shops reopened , traffic picked up and humanitarian aid was trickling in . France reopened its embassy Monday and Britain said it was preparing to do the same . CNN 's Nic Robertson , Fred Pleitgen and Dan Rivers contributed to this story	Dire shortages of food and water U.N. says , "  Time is of the essence " Teen says he saw Moammar Gadhafi on Friday in Tripoli Rebels set a Saturday deadline for loyalists to surrender
Washington  CNN  -- While Jeb Bush is still publicly noncommittal about a possible presidential bid , his family is far less circumspect . And if recent comments by George P. Bush are any indication , Jeb Bush 's eldest son got the go-ahead from the family . The bigger question , of course , is whether Jeb Bush got the go-ahead -- from himself . While George P. told ABC that "  I think it 's more than likely that he 's giving this a serious thought in moving forward , " it 's still unclear whether his father is actually willing to dive into a presidential bid . One source with knowledge of Jeb Bush 's thinking tells CNN "  wanting to do this and doing it are two different things . " In fact this source adds , "  He has n't made a decision yet despite reports to the contrary . He is seriously considering and is going through a thoughtful process . He appreciates the warm wishes and support , but he is a methodical guy and wo n't change his timeline . " That timeline anticipates Jeb Bush making a decision by the end of the year . While some donors may be waiting to see what Bush does before they commit to a candidate , the source says Bush himself has not asked for them to stay on the sidelines . "  They are calling him , but all he is saying is he has n't made a decision . There is no organized outreach sanctioned by him . " Several donors told CNN that that in private sessions , Bush has not given any more indication than he has publicly about his intentions . One of the donors said "  he is behaving as if he is looking at it seriously , " but his reluctance to talk about it is "  wearing thin . " The choice about whether to run , a source close to Bush explains is "  a serious decision which he understands better than most . " OPINION : Six Senate races to watch With a brother and a father who have served in the highest office , that 's a fact . But it 's clear both of them -- Bush 41 and Bush 43 -- would like to him to run . "  If you asked Dad the same question -- ` Should Jeb run ? ' -- he 'd say yes , " Neil Bush said in an interview with CNN earlier this year . "  Yeah , he would say yeah . " Former President George W. Bush told Fox News earlier this month he had encouraged his brother to run . "  He and I did have a conversation . I of course was pushing him to run for president . He of course was saying , ' I have n't made up my mind , ' " Bush said . "  He 's seen his dad , he 's seen his brother . And so he 's a very thoughtful man and he 's -- he 's weighing his options . " One person who has not been enthusiastic about a possible Jeb Bush run has been his mother , Barbara Bush , who had told interviewers there were "  enough Bushes " who had been President . However , Jeb told the AP that she was now "  neutral , trending in a different direction . " The notion of Jeb Bush running is something that has resurfaced after years of dormancy . "  If you had asked me a few years back , I would 've said it was less likely , " George P. Bush , who is running for Texas Land Commissioner , told ABC . "  The family will be behind him 100 % if he decides to do it . " WATCH : Are fear politics dominating the midterms ? One calculation that seems to have changed recently is Bush 's closest family support . He told the Associated Press earlier this month that his wife , Columba , is "  supportive " of a possible run for the presidency . Before his statement , many in political circles assumed she would be reluctant -- even a stumbling block - to engage in a presidential campaign . Bush has been active on the campaign trail during the midterm elections , stumping for GOP candidates across the country -- and helping them raise money . He 's clearly collected chits -- but then again , so have all of the potential Republican 2016 contenders .	Jeb Bush 's son told ABC that "  it 's more than likely " that Bush is giving 2016 run "  serious thought " Bush is expected to make a decision by the end of the year Bush is n't giving any public indications of his thinking
MEXICO CITY , Mexico  CNN  -- Coordinated attacks in at least eight Mexican cities killed three federal police officers and two soldiers Saturday in what officials are calling an unprecedented onslaught by drug gangs . Attacks occurred after arrest of Arnoldo Rueda Medina , a high-ranking member of La Familia Michoacana . Another 18 federal officers were wounded , the state-run Notimex news agency reported , citing federal police official Rodolfo Cruz Lopez . The attacks were in retribution for the capture early Saturday of Arnoldo Rueda Medina , a high-ranking member of the drug cartel known as La Familia Michoacana  The Michoacan Family  , Notimex reported . Rueda is considered second in command to the group 's two top leaders , Nazario "  El Chayo " Moreno González and José " El Chango " de Jesús Méndez Vargas , acting as a "  right arm " to Moreno , the secretary of public security said Saturday in a statement . Among other allegations , he was arrested for his role in designing the hierarchy of the organization , the production of synthetic drugs and movement of marijuana and cocaine to the United States , said Mexico 's secretary of public security . Rueda was arrested along with a 17-year-old male who worked for him . Following his arrest Saturday morning in Morelia , Michoacan , men armed with high-powered rifles and grenades attacked the police station where he was being held , the Secretary of Public Security said . After failing to win his freedom , members of the group launched attacks in the cities of Morelia , Zitacuaro , Zamora , Lazaro Cardenas , Apatzingan , La Piedad and Huetamo in Michoacan state , Notimex news said , citing federal police . The three officers were killed in Zitacuaro , police official Eduardo Moran told CNN en Español , while six police officers were reported wounded in Morelia . Two soldiers were killed in Zamora , shot by men in a passing car as they walked to their headquarters . The Secretary of Public Security told the newspaper Cambio de Michoacan that 25 spent shells from an R-15 rifle and 17 from an AK-47 were found at the scene . Michoacan is in west-central Mexico , on the Pacific coast . Another rifle and grenade attack took place near Acapulco in Guerrero state , which borders Michoacan , but no one was injured . Saturday 's attacks came just days after a drug gang in Tijuana declared they were at war with police , threatening to kill five officers every week until Police Chief Julian Leyzaola resigns . The threat was made in a note found on the windshield of a slain officer 's car , news reports said . At least three Tijuana officers have been killed since Monday , reports said . Leyzaola , a former army colonel , replaced a police chief removed from office in December after receiving numerous threats . "  Leyzaola has become the poster boy for honest police work , which has put the drug gangs on notice , " Vicente Calderon , a reporter for the Tijuana Press news agency , told CNN affiliate KUSI . "  They believe he is serious , that he means business and is trying to re-establish the rule of law that has been affecting the city and whole state for many years since organized crime established themselves in Baja -LSB- California -RSB- . " Tijuana , the westernmost city in Mexico , is across the border from San Diego , California . Sixteen police officers have died there in 2009 , and officers are now patrolling the city in groups of six , KUSI reported . CNN 's Emanuella Grinberg and Monica Trevino contributed to this report .	NEW : Gang targets police station where Arnoldo Rueda Medina was being held Attacks were reprisals for capture of member of La Familia gang Series of coordinated attacks in at least eight cities kills 3 federal officers , 2 soldiers Officials call the coordinated attacks an unprecedented onslaught by drug gangs
CNN  -- President-elect Barack Obama offered an outline of his economic recovery plan Saturday , and jobs were the top priority . President-elect Barack Obama talks about his economic plan Saturday on a video on his Web site . American workers will rebuild the nation 's roads and bridges , modernize its schools and create more sources of alternative energy , Obama said in the weekly Democratic address , posted on his Web site . "  The plan will mean 2.5 million more jobs " by 2011 , Obama said . His Web site clarified that the plan would "  save or create " that many jobs . "  These are n't just steps to pull ourselves out of this immediate crisis , " he said . "  These are the long-term investments in our economic future that have been ignored for far too long . " Details of the plan are still being worked out by his economic team , Obama said , but he hopes to implement the plan shortly after taking office January 20 . Listen to Obama 's economic plan " He referred to figures out this week showing that new home purchases in October were the lowest in 50 years and that 540,000 new unemployment claims had been filed , the most in 16 years . iReport.com : How are you making yourself layoff-proof ? "  We must do more to put people back to work and get our economy moving again , " he said . More than a million jobs have been lost this year , he said , and "  if we do n't act swiftly and boldly , most experts now believe that we could lose millions of jobs next year . " The plan will be aimed at jump-starting job creation , Obama said , and laying the foundation for a stronger economy . "  We 'll put people back to work rebuilding our crumbling roads and bridges ; modernizing schools that are failing our children ; and building wind farms and solar panels , fuel-efficient cars and the alternative energy technology that can free us from our dependence on foreign oil and keep our economy competitive in the years head , " he said . He noted that he will need support from both Democrats and Republicans to pass such a plan and said he welcomes suggestions from both sides of the aisle . "  But what is not negotiable is the need for immediate action , " he said . "  Right now , there are millions of mothers and fathers who are lying awake at night wondering if next week 's paycheck will cover next month 's bills . "  There are Americans showing up to work in the morning , only to have cleared out their desks by the afternoon . Retirees are watching their life savings disappear , and students are seeing their college dreams deferred . These Americans need help , and they need it now . " Throughout history , he said , Americans have been able to rise above their divisions to work together , he said . "  That is the chance our new beginning now offers us , and that is the challenge we must rise to in the days to come , " Obama said . "  It is time to act . As the next president of the United States , I will . "	President-elect proposes rebuilding roads , bridges , schools Plan would save or create 2.5 million jobs by 2011 , Obama 's office says Republicans and Democrats will need to work together , negotiate , he says
CNN  -- In August Facebook revealed that its new headquarters in California , designed by Frank Gehry , will be , according to company founder Mark Zuckerberg , "  the largest open floor plan in the world " . Over 3,000 people will work on moveable furniture in a space that stretches over 10 acres . But are open plan offices better suited to the machinations of architects and needs of a company rather than to employees ? Open plan offices came out of a drastic rethinking of architecture , by mid-20th century proponents like Frank Lloyd Wright  who thought walls were "  fascist "  and Frank Duffy . In the 1960s , Robert Propst , a designer for Herman Miller , noticed people had their best ideas or did their best thinking when they left their desks . His Action Office furniture , released in 1968 , introduced cubicles to the world , in an attempt to revitalize a landscape that Propst had described as "  the daily scene of unfulfilled intentions and failed effort . " Research by MIT professor Thomas Allen in 2006 discovered that people communicate the most with those in a 50 meter radius , and that complex topics are best discussed face to face . But there are problems with open plan offices . According to a study by Berkeley researchers conducted over a decade , most workers find "  speech privacy " the biggest problem . As a result some suggest that rather than foster more useful conversations they may actually inhibit them . A 2000 study by Dana Johnson and Gary Evans suggested that the constant distraction of colleagues ' noise dampens employees ' motivation . Even Propst revised his initial thoughts on cubicles . In a 1998 he said "  crass people " had managed to use his idea to "  create hellholes " . "  They make little bitty cubicles and stuff people in them . Barren , rat-hole places , " he told Metropolis magazine . Yet just as it did for an expanding postwar workforce , today , adjustable workspaces make economic sense and account for much of their enduring popularity . "  You can put more people together in the same space and fill it up without separating walls , " says Karsten Ifversen , architecture editor for Danish newspaper Politiken . He adds that open plan designs also allow more light into deep buildings , and are cheaper to heat . 10 technologies that will change your workplace "  For employers , it 's very easy to rearrange the workstations to account for changing needs . It is especially well suited for temporary types of work . You easily share information using an open space -- you get to know what 's going on , if you 're working on the same project , " he says . "  The client likes to build them that way , and the architects like to draw them because you can get more dramatic spaces when you 're operating with one big scale instead of having to make a lot of repetition of small spaces " . In some ways , an open plan makes an organization transparent to itself . You can see your colleagues , and they can see you . "  That is quite important , to feel some kind of unity , " says Ifversen . "  You 're part of something bigger than yourself when you 're working in the open space . " However Ifversen believes that open plan offices suit managers better than employees , and suggests that the problem of noise spillage goes deeper than merely finding it difficult to concentrate . "  Most people feel stressed when they first move to an open space . You do n't have a private sphere anymore , so you ca n't personalize your workdesk in the same way . You 're deprived of your individuality . " Are cool offices the key to success ? When employees moved into Unilever 's new headquarters in Hamburg , Ifversen says , "  they had three psychologists working full time for them , just to accommodate the problems around the new office . " Ifversen notes that  not unlike Facebook 's influence on society  , open plan "  changes the balance between private and public " . "  It 's okay to watch YouTube clips or read irrelevant pages out in public , " he says . "  All these human inclinations , there 's no need to hide them . We accept it . " But for other human inclinations -- such as the inclination to fight -- private space is still a necessity , says Ifversen . "  You have to have a room where you can go and have an argument without everybody listening in . It 's a problem if a building ca n't accommodate that . " 8 ways to make your office life better Like Propst , he believes workspaces should encourage creative thought , but he believes this is being addressed in a patronizing way -- "  they have all these entertaining rooms , with perhaps a playground . " A more important consideration is to make employees feel important , "  to somehow empower the employee so they feel that they are necessary for the product . " Ifversen believes an open plan office "  sends a signal that you are interchangeable " , and argues that , if employees do n't have dedicated spaces they can personalize , they are more likely to feel that their job is temporary . "  I think that is kind of a sad development . "	Facebook plans to build world 's largest open plan office Popularity of open plan due to their adaptability Some suggest they do not foster better communication or work Unilever 's open plan office in Hamburg , Germany , had three full time psychologists
CNN  -- Breathe in . Breathe out . Simple , right ? The first thing anyone does in this world is take a breath of air -- it should be effortless . For me , and nearly 70,000 people across the world like me , it 's not so easy . I have cystic fibrosis  CF  and I have never been able to take a full breath of air . Every day for 23 years , it has been a struggle to breathe . I often get asked what CF is , or what it is like to live with CF. There is no one true answer . The best I can come up with is , imagine living every single day with something like bronchitis , or , a little more simply put , imagine having to breathe through a straw all day , every day . The mucus that fills my lungs and traps some of the most deadly bacteria imaginable as a result of my genetic defect has always been inside me . So , how do I live with it ? I never feel bad for myself . When it comes to living with a chronic illness , self-pity , in my opinion , is the root cause of failure . I was dealt a certain hand of cards at birth and I am making the very best of it . It 's not anyone 's fault I have CF. It is n't a curse . It is n't bad luck . It just happened . I have every reason in the world to stay in bed all day and feel sorry for myself , but I do n't . I get up and carry out my day like most people . I graduated college in four years , have a job and take care of all of my responsibilities . I do n't hold anything back . Between all the inhaled treatments , mucus clearing therapies and the 80 pills or so that I ingest every day , the amount of time I spend taking care of myself is the equivalent of a full time job ... and that 's only when I am healthy . The physical treatments themselves may only take about two to three hours total , but every single decision I make throughout the day has some impact on my health , one way or another . Am I going out with my friends on a Friday night ? Is it OK to skip a treatment because I am too tired ? Can I go away for the weekend , or am I starting to feel sick ? Questions like these constantly go through my head . As far as I am concerned , this is all just a part of my life . I do n't know any other way . When it comes down to it , I do n't have any complaints ; I think I live a great life . I have the best friends I could ever ask for . I have an amazing sister . I had the best four years of my life at Boston College . I am able to work a few jobs and I was an athlete growing up .  I might still consider myself an athlete , but the jury is still out on that decision ! There is a difference between being alive , and truly living . In 70 years , when I am 93 years old , I want to be able to look back on my life and know that I have an enormous collection of unforgettable experiences . I think the experiences and memories we create for ourselves are what define our personalities . I want people to say , "  Wow . That guy Gunnar Esiason has lived a great life . " I realize I am still pretty young , but I like to think that I have a pretty good understanding about the value of life and how fragile it can be . I could be having the greatest day of my life one day , but the next I could be hunched over coughing up blood . It is just the reality of the disease I live with . Every day , good or bad , has shaped who I am . The bottom line , though , is that cystic fibrosis has taught me how to be resilient . I do n't take no for an answer and I know I can be whatever I want to be . I was sort of born into a unique situation . Because my dad 's a national figure and my parents ' were willing to take on CF in a public way , I have been given the chance to make a difference . Some may call me the poster boy for cystic fibrosis , but I do n't think anyone should have that title . We 're all in this together . Every family that has to carry the CF burden is in this fight . All I want to do is give CF patients a voice , so that one day we are n't dealing with the pain that comes along with the disease . One day , it will be behind us . Breathe in . Breathe out . Earn the air .	An estimated 70,000 people worldwide have cystic fibrosis Disease causes mucus to clog the lungs , making it very difficult to breathe Gunnar Esiason was diagnosed with CF when he was 2 Now 23 , he says the disease has taught him to be resilient
CNN  -- Are you tired of Paula Deen ? I am . I 'm tired of reading about her . I 'm tired of talking about her . I 'm tired of hearing other people talk about her . I 'm tired of people looking for excuses to talk about her . I 'm as tired of people who revel in beating her up as I am of people making excuses for her . To be brutally honest , I was tired of her even before she was called out in public for conduct and language detrimental to African-Americans . Yet , like spectators at an over-extended Mixed Martial Arts bout , we seem perversely fixated on Deen 's crashing , bruising struggle to stay upright while finding new ways to fall down . Last week , Wal-Mart , Home Depot and Target joined the Food Network and Novo Nordisk  the pharmaceutical company that makes the diabetes medication advertised by the "  Queen of Southern Cuisine "  in cutting their ties with Deen . And , in what some believe to be the most grievous blow of all , Ballantine Books , the Random House subsidiary publishing her latest cookbook , "  Paula Deen 's New Testament , " announced Friday that it was dropping that title from its fall release catalog . The TV and marketing deals were one thing . But the cookbooks ? They made up the foundation upon which Deen 's empire was built . Judy Smith , the media consultant who inspired the creation of "  Scandal 's " Olivia Pope and has been hired by Deen to orchestrate her recovery , has her work cut out for her -- especially if , as seems likely , we 're going to be forced against our collective will to witness what promises to be an excruciating restoration process . Especially if that process is going to be anything resembling that much-hyped "  apology " on NBC 's "  The Today Show " last week , which culminated with the single most disingenuous use of the verb "  is " since Bill Clinton 's more than a decade ago . Having squirmed my way through that 20-minute segment at least once , I found Deen to be far less contrite than others expected or inferred . Her cast-the-first-stone plea to the audience ; her version of the "  black-people-say-that-word-too " complaint about using the "  N-word , " her insistence that she would n't have fired herself for what she 'd said "  a world ago ... with a gun to my head . " Watch : The N-word 's history : Where did it come from ? Some of the comments resonated with regret -- tearful and at times poignant . But it sounded more like regret that she 's being put through all this humiliation in the first place . This seemed to be a conversation not with Matt Lauer so much as with the people who were devoted to her in the first place . And indeed , with ongoing litigation by a former employee of Deen 's restaurant figuring into the disclosure , no one tuning in that morning should have expected her to admit any wrongdoing on camera . But why did n't he ask Deen about her apparent delight with the notion of preparing a wedding party with a plantation motif complete with an all-black staff of servers ? An interviewer might at least have had the right to ask whether she understands that antebellum days mean different things to the collective memory of African-Americans than they do to more sentimental white Southerners . Indeed , asking Deen point-blank , "  Are you a racist ? " was in so many ways the wrong question to ask .  Lauer might have been better off asking a locked basement door to open up .  If she 'd been asked , instead , "  What do you think racism is ? " it might have bewildered , even antagonized her more . But it 's a question that needed to be posed at some point -- and not just to Paula Deen . For , as is frequently the case when a celebrity is caught making a bigoted or similarly inappropriate remark , the incident gets drummed up as one of those so-called "  teachable moments " for an America still wrestling with the specter of race , even after it has elected  twice  its first black president . What often happens instead is another dreary star-bashing ritual , an occasion for pillorying public figures caught in an embarrassing act with censure that makes the rest of us feel superior to the offending party . In a media culture ruled by tabloid thinking  if not necessarily by tabloids themselves  , it 's an exercise in moralizing as opposed to genuine moral examination . Would n't it be nice if , for this one time , this kind of story really did cause the rest of us to re-examine and reflect upon our unfinished business regarding race and culture ? And to ask ourselves what constitutes racism in our 21st century society ? It is true that we no longer have racially separate drinking fountains , rest rooms and train compartments . But it is also true that a disproportionate number of young black people receive far harsher jail sentences  e.g. life with no possibility of parole  than their white counterparts convicted of similar crimes . Is that justice ? Or is it a form of racism ? Consider "  Central Park Five , " the recent documentary by Ken and Sarah Burns , about the rush to judgment by police , prosecutors and the New York media against five minority youths convicted of the 1989 rape and assault of a white female jogger . When the verdicts were vacated in 2002 after someone already in prison confessed to the crime , it did n't get nearly the attention as , say , the verbal racial pratfalls of Don Imus , Michael Richards or even Paula Deen . The documentary 's theatrical release last fall offered some opportunity for widespread soul searching about racial presumptions . But not much ; not , anyway , as much as there should be . It seems , in short , that America is now more inclined to view racism as a lapse in manners instead of a persistent , recurring presence in its soul , one of many unpleasant facts of life that we 'd rather not confront directly , unless it allows us to indulge in schadenfreude  defined as pleasure derived from the misfortunes of others -- say , celebrities who misspeak  . No matter how the Paula Deen mess shakes itself out , it will likely be just another squalid real-life melodrama that keeps the rest of us from acknowledging one simple truth : Racism wo n't even begin to erode until people give themselves the time and space to consider who each of is as opposed to what each of us is . Which , granted , is not as catchy as "  I is what I is . " Too bad . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Gene Seymour .	Gene Seymour : I 'm tired of people beating up on Deen and also of those excusing her He says we fixate on her disastrous statements , apologies , attempts to right herself He says we use her to feel superior , rather than face our unfinished business with racism Seymour : We focus on celebrity gaffes , not incarceration rates , real forms of discrimination
CNN  -- Joe Paterno 's family said Friday it intends to appeal the National Collegiate Athletic Association 's sanctions against Penn State University in the aftermath of the child sexual abuse scandal . But the family 's plans hit an immediate roadblock . "  Penn State 's sanctions are not subject to appeal , " said NCAA spokesman Bob Williams . Calling it "  a stark wake-up call to everyone involved in college sports , " the NCAA in late July announced a $ 60 million fine against Penn State University and stripped 14 seasons of football victories from the late Paterno . Penn State President Rodney Erickson said the university had accepted the decision and would not appeal . Former senator to be integrity monitor for Penn State Wick Sollers , attorney for Paterno 's family , said the sanctions caused "  enormous damage " to Penn State , students , athletes and Paterno . The sanctions are part of the continued fallout from the child sex abuse scandal involving former assistant football coach Jerry Sandusky , who was convicted in late June of 45 of the 48 counts he faced involving 10 young victims . The NCAA action followed an independent investigation led by former FBI Director Louis Freeh , whose report held Paterno and other top Penn State officials responsible for failing to stop the abuse beginning in 1998 . Paterno 's family sharply objected to Freeh 's findings and criticized the NCAA and university leadership for accepting the report 's conclusions . The Freeh report , Sollers wrote , "  is incomplete , rife with unsupported opinions and unquestionably one-sided . " Soller 's letter also argued the NCAA acted hastily and without regard for due process . The family contends it can appeal because Paterno was named in the consent decree and in the Freeh report . Penn State faced a multiyear shutdown of its football program had it not agreed with the sanctions , Erickson told CNN . Complete coverage of the Penn State scandal CNN 's Ross Levitt contributed to this report .	Paterno family wants to appeal NCAA sanctions against Penn State It argues NCAA relied on flawed report , acted hastily NCAA said such an appeal is not allowed in this case
CNN -- Years ago , a frustrated boy with a violent temper attacked his own mother with a hammer  his older brother restrained him  . He stabbed a schoolmate over a dispute about which radio station to listen to ; the knife blade luckily hit a belt buckle . Carson wants to continue educational efforts and find ways to reform the health care system when he retires . That brash teen today is a world-renowned neurosurgeon and the director of pediatric neurosurgery at Johns Hopkins Children 's Center . Dr. Benjamin S. Carson made medical history in 1987 by performing the first successful surgery that separated twins conjoined at the back of the head . He also became known for his expertise in pediatric brain tumors and methods of controlling seizures . In 2008 , he received the Presidential Medal of Freedom , this country 's highest civilian honor . Having come up from the streets of Detroit , Michigan , to receiving an award at the White House , Carson , 56 , works to spread his gospel of education and hard work to motivate others . He and his wife , Candy , started a scholarship foundation to help children with strong academics and humanitarian qualities to pay for college . "  I have at least 100,000 letters from kids and adults from around the world ... telling me how it changed their lives , " Carson said . Their tales of transformations and redemption inspire him to keep talking about educational empowerment and overcoming adversity , he said . An obstacle is a hurdle , and "  you jump over it , " Carson said . "  Every time you see a hurdle , you jump over it , and it strengthens you for the next one . And if that 's the case , you lead a victorious life , because whatever comes before you , you know you 're going to get around it . " Carson was raised in Detroit , majored in psychology at Yale University and attended medical school at the University of Michigan , where he studied neurosurgery . Carson 's life has been told through plays , books and movies , including a TNT made-for-TV movie called "  Gifted Hands , " which airs Saturday .  TNT is part of Turner Broadcasting , which also owns CNN .  The biopic stars Academy Award winner Cuba Gooding Jr. as Carson . "  I think he 's an angel , a gift from God , " Gooding said . "  He has touched a lot of people 's lives . " Carson holds more than 50 honorary doctorates and hundreds of other awards . He 's fortunate , he acknowledges , but this doctor does not believe in luck . "  I always say you make your own luck by being prepared , " he said . His mom pushed him hard . Sonya Carson "  would not accept the victim mentality . She would n't let us accept the victim mentality . No excuses . She did n't make excuses , and she did n't accept excuses , " Carson said . She turned off the TV , sent Carson and his brother to the library and made them write weekly book reports . Meanwhile , she worked several jobs to support her two sons . She is now 80 and lives with Carson in Baltimore , Maryland . When Carson was young , he was influenced by stories about Booker T. Washington , a former slave who taught himself to read and later advised presidents , and the biblical character Joseph , who persevered though his brothers sold him into slavery . "  Those kinds of stories had an impact on me and helped me to believe it 's not where you started , it 's where you end that counts . And you have a whole lot to do with that , " he said . "  Everybody has problems . They just come in different forms . If that problem for you becomes a containing fence , then you become a victim . Once you think you 're a victim , you are one , and you 're not going anywhere . " In the same way , Carson 's biography has resonated with people like 22-year-old Douglas Nivens II of Baltimore , Maryland . Nivens ' mother was killed when he was 4 years old , and his father was imprisoned for her murder . His aunt raised him , and he endured relentless teasing for his interest in academics while attending public schools in Baltimore City . During middle school , Nivens picked up Carson 's autobiography , "  Gifted Hands , " and immediately identified with it . "  It was a relief to see someone grew up in the city and did n't have a luxurious life but overcame it all , " he said . "  I love stories about underdogs , those who overcome adversity and do something . " When he was in middle school , Nivens won two $ 1,000 scholarships from the Carson Scholars Fund , which helps children with strong academics pay for college . "  When it came to times of doubt during high school , when I talked to my adviser , they would say , ` You got this award . Not everyone gets it . You 're not dumb . You have the tools to be successful in life , ' " Nivens said . "  That 's what really helped me in terms of self-esteem and management in high school . " He graduated with honors from the University of Maryland , Baltimore County in May . "  I probably should not be where I am , " said Nivens , a budget analyst for the U.S. Social Security Administration . "  I went to Baltimore public schools . My father 's in jail ; my mother is dead . Statistically , I should not be here . I should be on parole somewhere or even dead . I never looked at it that way . I made it through . " Carson said he 's heartened by stories pf people who 've been inspired by his biography . "  My message is that the person who has the most to do with what happens to you is you , " Carson said . "  Not somebody else , and not the environment . If you have a normal brain , you 're capable of incredible things . "	Doctor overcame troubled youth to head pediatric neurosurgery at Johns Hopkins Carson won Medal of Freedom and shares his biography to motivate others Surgeon 's biography inspired Baltimore , Maryland , teen that anything is possible
A Georgia truck driver has been charged in a New Jersey wreck that left comedian Tracy Morgan in critical condition and another man dead , authorities said Saturday . Kevin Roper , 35 , of Jonesboro , was charged with one count of death by auto and four counts of assault by auto after the tractor-trailer he was driving crashed into the limo bus carrying the comedian and others , the Middlesex County Prosecutor 's Office said . Initial reports indicated there were seven people injured in the crash , but the prosecutor 's statement put the number at four . Morgan 's condition was not expected to change Saturday , publicist Lewis Kay said . "  His family is now with him and he is receiving excellent care . " Morgan , 45 , was a regular on "  Saturday Night Live " for seven years and received an Emmy nomination for his role on "  30 Rock , " in which he played Tracy Jordan , an exaggerated version of himself . The New York City native made his reputation with over-the-top characters and impressions of celebrities such as Mike Tyson and Oprah Winfrey . The wreck occurred at about 1 a.m. ET on Saturday on the turnpike in Mercer County , said Sgt. Gregory Williams of New Jersey State Police . "  NJSP says the driver of the tractor-trailer failed to observe slow-moving traffic ahead , " Williams said . "  At the last minute , he swerved to try and avoid the Mercedes limo bus but struck it from behind , forcing the limo to rotate and overturn . " A limo passenger , 63-year-old James McNair of Peekskill , New York , was killed and three people besides Morgan were taken to the hospital , authorities said . McNair was a comedian who performed under the name Jimmy Mack , said his sister , Valerie Daniel . "  He spoke very highly of Tracy , " she told CNN . "  They go way back . " The prosecutor 's statement said Morgan and two others , whose identities have not been formally released , remain hospitalized in critical condition . The remaining passenger was treated at the hospital and was released , the statement said . Four other vehicles were involved in the crash , the prosecutors said , but the people in those vehicles were not injured . Williams said he does not believe alcohol played a role in the accident , but that is under investigation . Brooke Buchanan , a Walmart spokesperson , said the truck driver is a Walmart employee . "  This is a tragedy and we are profoundly sorry that one of our trucks was involved , " said Bill Simon , president and CEO of Walmart U.S. , in a statement . "  The facts are continuing to unfold . If it 's determined that our truck caused the accident , Walmart will take full responsibility . " The National Transportation Safety Board will investigate "  safety issues related to commercial trucking and limousine safety , " said agency spokesman Keith Holloway . Christopher Thompson , spokesman for limo owner Atlantic Transportation Services , said driver Tyrone Gale , who is part owner of the company , was shaken up . "  Although the investigation is still pending , we concur with the preliminary reports that the accident was caused by another vehicle traveling behind the Atlantic limo bus and we are grateful that our drivers did not sustain life-threatening injuries , " Thompson said . Morgan performed a comedy tour act Friday night at the Dover Downs Hotel & Casino in Dover , Delaware , the venue said . Thompson said he thought the limo bus was heading to drop Morgan off in New Jersey . The actor received messages of support and concern on Twitter . "  Wishing a speedy recovery to our friend @RealTracyMorgan , " tweeted SNL Weekend Update . "  Shocked to wake up and read that @RealTracyMorgan is injured . Love to Tracy and wishing him strength , " said former SNL cast member Rachel Dratch . "  My thoughts are with Tracy Morgan and his family . I hope he pulls through this soon and gets back to making us laugh ! " said Joan Rivers . "  Saying a prayer for @RealTracyMorgan , " said actor-director Jon Favreau . "  Come on @RealTracyMorgan pull through this buddy , " tweeted actor Ike Barinholtz of "  The Mindy Project . " Funny man Tracy Morgan has known fame and foibles	Truck driver charged in connection with the wreck Comedian James "  Jimmy Mack " McNair was killed Wreck happened on New Jersey Turnpike early Saturday morning Morgan , a former "  Saturday Night Live " cast member , was riding in a limo bus
CNN  -- If you think you 've heard it all , follow this tale of a hungry black bear who went for a ride , literally . Douglas County , Colorado , Sheriff 's deputies early Friday got a call about a honking car and a commotion inside . Perhaps it was teenagers or a thief , they thought as they approached Ralph Story 's 2008 Toyota Corolla . It turns out it was a thief , albeit the furry variety . The deputies ' first clue to something unusual was that the car was 125 feet below its normal parking spot in the driveway of the Storys ' Larkspur home , which sits on five acres . Imagine their further surprise when they turned on their flashlights and got a peek inside . It was a full-grown black bear , also known as ursus americanus . The deputies had earlier received a call from a neighbor . She had heard honking and came up to the Story home , where the family was asleep . "  Our Toyota was making a heck of a racket and was rocking back and forth , " Story said . The neighbor called deputies shortly after 3 a.m. , according to spokeswoman Michelle Rademacher of the sheriff 's Department in the community 45 miles south of Denver . Story told CNN the bear was probably drawn to a peanut butter sandwich left inside by his 17-year-old son Ben . He said the family did n't realize what was going on until deputies arrived and the neighbor came back and called them . By then the car was no longer in the driveway . Incredulous , Story , his wife and three teen children -- who have lived in Larkspur for 17 years -- rushed outside to see the red Toyota down the hill and near a tree . Somehow , the bear had either opened the unlocked back door or pushed a window down to get inside . Understandably agitated , it bumped into the horn repeatedly and eventually knocked the car 's gear into neutral . The Toyota rolled down the hill . The door added to the bear 's indignity by closing at some point during the ordeal . A sergeant and two deputies who arrived on the scene "  were stymied on how to proceed , " Story said . They considered a tranquilizer or shooting the bear , whose gender is unknown . "  Public safety is our primary concern , " Rademacher said . Finally , the officers decided the best outcome for all would be to keep everyone safe and let the bear live to see more adventures . After taking pictures , one of them tied a long rope to a door handle and pulled . After a few moments , Story said , the bear bounded out around 5 a.m. , at least two hours after it had gotten inside . It left a foul-smelling "  present " on the front seat . The Toyota was trashed , with its air bags , seats and stereo torn to shreds . It 's a total loss . Ben Story said he was scared when the family rushed outside to see the car was gone . "  My dad is going to kill me , " he thought to himself . "  My car is gone . I did n't lock it . He said it was stolen . " Rademacher said deputies have enough experience not to be shocked during a day 's work . But this will make for a great memory . Ralph Story admitted the incident was pretty comical . He 's glad the animal got away and no one was hurt . "  There 's a bear in the car . Who are you gon na get mad at ? "	A bear spends more than two hours in a Colorado car The Toyota rolled down the driveway with the bear inside The animal trashes the vehicle 's interior Deputies freed it by tying a rope to the door handle and pulling it
EW.com  -- Considering the deep bench of A-list talent involved , Ridley Scott 's new Southwestern noir , "  The Counselor , " is a jaw-dropping misfire . The dialogue is laughably pretentious , the plotting is virtually nonexistent , and the performances are so broad and cartoony that you keep wondering if it 's all some sort of prank . Reteaming with Ridley Scott after the disappointing "  Prometheus , " Michael Fassbender stars as a smooth , naive lawyer operating in the moral gray zone along the border between Texas and Mexico . It 's a godforsaken land where drugs are cheap and life is cheaper . After years defending crooked clients there , Fassbender 's " Counselor " finds all of the easy money too tempting to resist . So he sells his soul and saddles up with a ring of flashy bad guys for a big drug-smuggling score . Box office preview : ` Bad Grandpa ' ready to take down ` Gravity ' There 's Javier Bardem as Reiner , a spiky haired playboy who looks like he picked his wardrobe from a Siegfried and Roy yard sale ; Brad Pitt as Westray , a charismatically mysterious stringy-haired hood who speaks in cryptic riddles ; and Cameron Diaz as Malkina , a sex-crazed harpy covered in tattooed spots to match her pet cheetahs .  This is the film 's subtle idea of character development . For all of her man-eating efforts in the film , Diaz is punished with one of the most wince-inducing scenes in years -- a spread-eagle masturbation spectacle performed on the hood of Bardem 's yellow Ferrari that I 'd say has to be seen to be believed . But I would n't want to encourage anyone to cough up ten bucks to sit through it . If the film 's posse of ethically shady villains seems right out of a bad Cormac McCarthy novel , that 's because it more or less is . "  The Counselor " is the celebrated bard of the borderland 's first feature-film screenplay . And as Fassbender 's drug deal goes sour , putting his fiancée  Penélope Cruz  in harm 's way , he 's forced to listen to a lot of poorly-sketched characters wander on screen and deliver stilted metaphorical speeches about greed and the evil that men do . ` Jack Ryan : Shadow Recruit ' pushed to January All of this may have seemed fine and dandy on the page . But I suspect that McCarthy is about to find out the hard way that writing novels and writing screenplays are two very different things . In "  No Country For Old Men , " the Coen brothers wisely stripped the author 's doomed tough-guy dialogue and injected it with a stiff dose of harrowing naturalism . But operating on his own here , McCarthy 's unchecked macho arias leave you sitting there slack-jawed , wondering if he has any idea how people talk in real life . Scott does n't do him any favors either . The director surrounds the garishly painted characters in excessive dollops of glitzy opulence , hammer-to-the-skull symbolism , and sex scenes that are as embarrassing as they are un-erotic -- the film 's paranoid view of women comes off as downright Neanderthal . I suppose the only good thing than can be said of a movie as bad as "  The Counselor " is that its existence is a reminder of just how right Hollywood usually gets it . Big honking bombs as bad as this one are like solar eclipses . Rare and not to be looked at directly . Grade : D + See the original story on EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Despite the A-list roster , "  The Counselor " is a misfire Ridley Scott directed the film , which was written by Cormac McCarthy The reviewer found the dialogue pretentious and the plotting "  nonexistent " Critic : "  You keep wondering if it 's all some sort of prank . "
CNN  -- A recent cell phone video of two Philadelphia police officers during a stop-and-frisk has caught the attention of online viewers and the American Civil Liberties Union -- and the police department itself , which says it its investigating . The over-16-minute long YouTube video dated September 27 depicts two male Philadelphia police officers confronting two unidentified pedestrians , one of whom recorded the incident on his cell phone . It is unclear who posted the video online , but police have not challenged its authenticity . Despite the lengthy and often caustic questioning of the men , they are allowed to walk away by the officers . The video begins with a police vehicle slowing down as one officer is heard saying , "  Yo , my man , " before the vehicle comes to a complete stop . "  How you doing sir ? " one of the pedestrians replies , as the officer in the passenger seat of the vehicle opens his car door and steps out on to the street . After inquiring whether the pedestrians have identification or live in the area , the second officer exits the vehicle and joins them on the sidewalk . One pedestrian asks , "  What seems to be the problem ? " as the other says he is on his way to work . The officers then begin questioning why the pedestrians said "  hi " to a third , unseen individual on the street before the video begins . "  You do n't say ` hi ' to strangers , " one officer remarks . After one pedestrian disagrees with this , both officers immediately restrain his arms and push him up against the police vehicle . The pedestrian recording the confrontation on his cell phone attempts to walk away from the scene but is stopped by an officer who tells him to put his phone away because he is "  under investigation . " The phone is placed down on the ground facing the sky and continues to record audio . "  Investigation of what ? I was walking , " the pedestrian argues , prompting the officer to reply , "  That 's not what I saw , " later threatening , "  If you keep running your mouth I 'll split your wig open . " After examining the pedestrian 's ID , the officer interrogates him on his legal past . The pedestrian admits to being arrested once for fighting . "  That 's it ? " the officer responds sounding surprised . The officer begins asking questions about the pedestrian 's cell phone and whether or not he is being recorded , taking the phone and turning it around to face the ground , the audio continues to record but the image is constricted . "  Are you accusing me of robbing somebody ? " the pedestrian asks . "  I did n't accuse you of anything can you hear ? , " the officer shouts , "  We could 've got a call , that somebody wearing the clothes that you 're wearing just robbed somebody , that 's why we stopped you . Is that wrong of us ? " The officer then yells to the other pedestrian who was last seen being pushed up against the police car a few feet away , "  Why do n't you shut up ? " "  Everybody thinks they 're a  expletive  lawyer and they do n't know jack  expletive  , " the officer continues to yell . After next accusing the two pedestrians of jaywalking , the officers can be heard returning the pedestrians ' belongings and allowing them to leave . The video ends after this . The video is titled "  Police unlawful harassment and racial profiling , " but the race of the men who were stopped was not specified in the video . According to Mary Catherine Roper , a senior staff attorney for the ACLU in Pennsylvania , there is no investigative purpose for humiliation and verbal abuse in such a situation , even if this particular stop was for an adequate reason . "  You do not call people trash , you do not call them a burden on society , you do n't threaten to split their wig . It went way beyond what a stop is supposed to be , " Roper said , making references to remarks by the officers during the stop . Philadelphia Police Department 's Internal Affairs is conducting an investigation into the officers ' actions as seen in the video , according to public affairs spokesman Lt. John Stanford . "  The Department takes this very serious and we do n't tolerate unprofessional or distasteful behavior by any member of this department , " Stanford said in a statement this week . Police will not release the two men 's identities or the names of the two male officers who stopped them , according to public affairs spokesperson Officer Jillian Russell . While it 's unclear whether the pedestrian who recorded the video is also the person posting it online , that 's not significant to the investigation , Russell said . This is not the first time Philadelphia police practices have been under scrutiny . In 2010 , the ACLU filed a lawsuit against the Philadelphia Police Department for stopping pedestrians without reasonable suspicion . Rather than litigating , the city chose to negotiate and in June 2011 it consented to a "  mirror monitoring program , " in which prosecutors reviews police-stop material from a random , selection of records collected quarterly , Roper said . Since reviewing the stop material , Roper found that 45 % of pedestrian stops do not have a legally adequate reason . Roper said examples of an inadequate reason are "  loitering " or "  acting suspiciously . " "  My favorite one was a man who was carrying a chair , " she said . "  The police  assumed he had stolen it . " While Roper has seen a decrease in the number of stops since she started reviewing the city 's police stop material , that does n't indicate whether the stops are being conducted lawfully , she said . In fact , it might mean for the department to retrain officers on not just when it 's appropriate to stop pedestrians but also how to appropriately conduct a stop , which the ACLU may decide to request , she said . Roper said she strongly believes police officers want to do the right job when the department 's expectations are made clear to them , but an "  ingrained police practice " will not be a quick fix . "  An attitude is far more difficult to change , " she said .	Two Philadelphia police officers stop two men on a city street Over 16 minutes , they question and challenge the men -- who are eventually allowed to walk A recording of the incident is captured on a cell phone and posted online The ACLU says training needs work , the department says it is investigating the incident
CNN  -- In front of cameras and on the pages of widely promoted books , the wives of a few high-profile cheating husbands have been finding and broadcasting their own voices , a pronounced shift that has some who study infidelity applauding . Available in bookstores Friday is "  Staying True " by Jenny Sanford , who filed for divorce in December from South Carolina Gov. Mark Sanford , whose affair with an Argentine woman was exposed by reporters after he disappeared for several days last summer . Staffers said he was hiking the Appalachian Trail . He later admitted he was actually in Argentina with his mistress . Sanford 's published perspective is the latest addition to a small library of books written by wives betrayed by their prominent husbands . And the book arrives with perhaps the shortest time between marital shock and print . Dina Matos McGreevey was one of the first political wives to make the public about-face with the release in 2007 of "  Silent Partner : A Memoir of My Marriage . " She stood shellshocked three years earlier , by the side of her then-husband , New Jersey Gov. James McGreevey , as he stepped up to a microphone , quit the office , and came out as a "  gay American . " Elizabeth Edwards provided a glimpse into her journey with "  Resilience : Reflections on the Burdens and Gifts of Facing Life 's Adversities , " published last May and months before she and her husband , former Democratic presidential candidate John Edwards , eventually separated . So what happened to the women who used to stand silently by their disgraced husbands ? "  While we look at these women as political wives , " said CNN senior political correspondent Candy Crowley , "  some of these wives are powerful career women or have been powerful career women . " And these women have grown up in an entirely different age which gives them more choices about how to deal with an unfaithful husband , said Crowley , who now hosts CNN 's "  State of the Union . " Wives can now publicly opt to let their husbands clean up their own messes . And that is one reason why former investment banker Jenny Sanford wrote her book , says publisher Ballantine Books on its Web site . "  She chose to let Mark Sanford deal with the embarrassment and political fallout from his own actions while focusing her own efforts privately on raising their children to be men of character , even in the face of the lies their father has told , " says the synopsis of her book on the site . And it 's not just the marital foibles of political leaders that are seeing print . Gayle Haggard , wife of former mega-church pastor and evangelical leader Ted Haggard , recently published "  Why I Stayed , " in which she explained how her marriage has grown stronger since her husband 's infidelity was revealed . Though each woman 's story is unique and their current marital statuses vary , what they seem to have in common is that they are not , like so many under-the-spotlight wives before them , staying silent . "  By speaking out they 're giving the public a peek behind the curtain , " said Ruth Houston , author of "  Is He Cheating on You ? 829 Telltale Signs " and founder of InfidelityAdvice.com . "  These wives who are telling it like it is are doing a wonderful service to others who are or may become victims of infidelity . " When Houston found out more than 16 years ago that her first husband was cheating on her , she said , she wished she 'd had touchstones like these women and their books to turn to . Instead , she said , she found herself grasping for answers in bookstores where the selection was slim and the references hard to come by . "  How could this happen in a good marriage ? How could it happen to me ? How do I handle it , " Houston , who 's been remarried for 10 years now , remembers asking herself over and over again . "  I vowed that once I got over it , I would make it my mission to get information into the hands of people who need it most -- the infidelity victims , both men and women . " Houston has spent 16 years studying infidelity and interviewing couples . "  What started out as a fact-finding mission , " she said , "  turned into a second career . " The key to avoiding problems , said Houston , is not assuming your marriage will be safe from infidelity and being aware of clues that there might be trouble . "  We do a breast exam every single month , " she said , and looking out for warning signs in a pair of people is equally important . The earlier that problems , including infidelity , are caught and discussed , "  the better the chances are for survival in your relationship . " This kind of thinking was generally foreign to women of earlier generations . For seven long years , starting in the 1960s , Peggy Vaughan had suspicions about her husband . She did n't dare say a word about the feared affairs , though -- not to him or her friends . Instead , she did what she thought wives were supposed to do . She kept her worries to herself and allowed the not knowing to gnaw at and , in fact , torture her . Simply put , she said , "  That 's how it was back then . " But when the truth came out in 1974 , and after they fought through their feelings and emerged stronger , she and her psychologist husband , James , did something that was unheard of at the time . They wrote a book in 1980 about their experiences and agreed to talk publicly about their painful journey . Their book "  Beyond Affairs , " which publishers initially would n't touch , sent them off on the TV circuit . Phil Donahue dedicated a full hour to their story . "  As long as it feels like it 's too awful to talk about , it 'll feel like it 's too awful to get over it , " said Vaughan , 73 , author of "  The Monogamy Myth " and host of the Extramarital Affairs Resource Center at dearpeggy.com . And talking about it , she said , made her feel empowered and her marriage work . "  The more I did it , the better I felt , the stronger I felt , " Vaughan said . "  I was the one who owned it . " This , however , does n't mean that the public -- so quick to condemn affairs and yet eager for details -- needs to be privy to every salacious twist and turn , Vaughan said . She said she disapproves of books such as Andrew Young 's recent tell-all , "  The Politician , " calling some of the claims he makes about John and Elizabeth Edwards "  beyond the pale . " Taking back the story may be especially important for the famous . In a time when tabloids , Internet chatter and even mainstream media will speculate wildly about famous couples , some , like authors Elizabeth Edwards and Jenny Sanford , choose to be part of the conversation and not just the topic of it .	Writing books and doing interviews , wives of famous cheating husbands speak out Jenny Sanford 's "  Staying True , " in stores Friday , is the latest example Not taking the traditional "  stand by your man " approach , infidelity experts applaud honesty Expert : Authors provide "  service to others who are or may become victims of infidelity "
CNN  -- Steve Jobs often responded directly to fans and customers by e-mail , which were then posted to blogs , but a curious thing happened after the late Apple co-founder resigned in August and quieted his digital communications . E-mails from the new CEO , Tim Cook , began landing in the inboxes of enthusiastic Apple fans and on the same blogs that followed Jobs ' every word . Cook replied to several people who sent notes of congratulations . "  Thanks Gary , " he told Gary Ng , who blogs for iPhone in Canada . "  Thanks Zech , " he told Zech Yohannes of Denver , Colorado . Cook graduated from Auburn University and is known to be a fan of its sports teams . So when an apparent graduate of his alma mater sent Cook a congratulatory e-mail , he responded : "  Thanks Justin . War Eagle Forever ! " Like Jobs before him , Cook has also started handling customer-relations inquiries . One person e-mailed Cook bemoaning the loss of file-and-preference synchronization in the transition from Internet services MobileMe to iCloud . The message was forwarded to the executive relations team that Jobs regularly tapped for similar e-mails , and a representative responded by calling the sender and explaining that Apple is open to bringing those features back if the company receives enough feedback requesting them . Boston-based blogger Ben Gold offered Cook a line of unsolicited advice when Jobs ' deputy was named as Apple 's chief . "  I honestly have no recollection of sending this email  to Cook  . It was actually a really stupid thing for me to write , " Gold wrote on his blog afterward . "  I 'm totally qualified to be giving advice to the new CEO of one of the largest tech companies in the world , right ? " What Gold wrote in his e-mail was this : "  Do n't be Steve Jobs , be Tim Cook . " To his surprise , Cook wrote back . He replied : "  Do n't worry . It 's the only person I know how to be . "	After Steve Jobs resigned as CEO , new chief Tim Cook began replying to fans ' e-mails Jobs replied to fans ' e-mails throughout his tenure at Apple Cook has graciously accepted congratulations from fans
Washington  CNN  -- The U.S. House on Wednesday narrowly defeated a proposal to sharply restrict the National Security Agency 's phone surveillance program that was exposed by Edward Snowden . The Obama administration and House Speaker John Boehner , unlikely allies in the sharp partisan climate in Washington , joined forces to reject the limit offered as an amendment to a defense spending bill , 217-205 . A coalition of libertarian , liberal and conservative lawmakers pushed for curbs on the blanket collection of those records , arguing that it was too broad and intrusive . Snowden , a former NSA contractor , revealed details of the bulk phone tracking effort and a companion e-mail collection initiative through leaks of classified information to media outlets last month . He has been charged with espionage . Since then , a number of lawmakers from both sides of the aisle have been highly critical of the sweeping way in which the government applies telephone surveillance that is overseen by a secret court . They and privacy groups concluded the government had reached too far into the personal lives of Americans in the interests of national security . Rep. James Sensenbrenner , a Wisconsin Republican who sits on the Judiciary Committee , said during debate on the amendment that the NSA had exceeded its mandate . He said the measure would have halted surveillance of people not under direct investigation by authorities . "  The time has come to stop it , " he said . But Rep. Tom Cotton said approval would have effectively killed the program , which he said has been found constitutional and approved by bipartisan majorities . "  Folks , we are at war , " said Cotton , an Arkansas Republican and Iraq War veteran who urged his colleagues not to undermine the surveillance tool he said was critical for troops in the field in counterterrorism operations . Unusual alliances The proposal forged alliances among bitter political rivals on Capitol Hill . It even prompted an unusual tactical move by the White House to weigh in on an amendment vote before debate , saying the proposal was hasty and blunt and would dismantle a counterterrorism tool . House Republican leaders tried several ways to stave off a vote , but agreed under pressure from many conservatives eager for public debate . A breakdown of the tally showed 134 Republicans voting with 83 Democrats to reject the measure offered by the Michigan odd couple of sophomore Republican Rep. Justin Amash and 25-term Democratic Rep John Conyers . Boehner , who as speaker rarely votes on the House floor , opposed it as did House Democratic Leader Nancy Pelosi . But 94 Republicans and 111 Democrats supported it . Amash told reporters his amendment was "  about the American people versus the elites in Washington . " He maintained that NSA program represented "  a clear violation " of Fourth Amendment protections regarding warrants . Amash said he was simply working to ensure the government was following the original intent of the Patriot Act , the anti-terror law that authorized increased government surveillance powers after 9/11 . Top Republicans argued against the measure , with chairs of the House Intelligence , Judiciary , and Appropriations committees circulating a letter saying it would have "  unintended consequences for the intelligence and law enforcement communities . " National security pressure National security officials personally appealed to House members , hoping to derail the vote . They have said phone and e-mail surveillance have helped thwart terror plots . President Barack Obama also has stressed that the NSA was not using the surveillance program to listen in on phone calls ; that it only collected metadata , including numbers , times of calls and dates . James Clapper , the nation 's top intelligence official , released a statement before the vote noting that he had joined others in opposing the measure . New York Democratic Rep Jerry Nadler , a critic of the original provisions on data collection in the Patriot Act , said he was n't persuaded by the warnings from the administration . He voted for the amendment . "  I never dreamed it would ever be used for dragnet surveillance of every American phone call , even if only for metadata . And frankly that 's way beyond what Congress intended , " he said . The Heritage Foundation , a conservative think tank often cited by Republicans , released an analysis that warned the amendment would "  increase the risks of terrorist attacks by limiting the scope of court-ordered foreign intelligence collection and thereby depriving the U.S. of valuable intelligence it currently collects . " But at a monthly forum sponsored by Heritage that features some of the House 's most conservative members , that argument did n't sway many members . Eight of the nine lawmakers on the Wednesday panel , which included Amash , said they planned to vote for it . Rep Michele Bachmann , a leader of the tea party movement on Capitol Hill , broke with fellow conservative lawmakers , saying the NSA program collects phone records from telecommunications companies not individuals , so there is "  no expectation of privacy . " A member of the House Intelligence Committee , Bachmann warned that "  if we take this program and remove from the United States the distinct advantage we have versus any other country it would be those that would be seeking to achieve the goals of Islamic Jihad who will benefit from by putting the United States at risk . " The defense spending bill now moves to the Senate , but that chamber has not considered its version yet in committee or scheduled a floor vote . But in the Senate , there is little support for making major changes to the NSA program . Before the vote Nadler said even this amendment failed he and other opponents of the program would continue to press for changes . "  It simply will not be renewed when it expires in 2015 . It 's going to end - now or later . The only question is when and on what terms . " Court renews secret U.S. surveillance program Silicon Valley to feds : Disclose your data requests	Lawmakers were outraged by sweeping way in which phone surveillance applied Proposal attached to defense funding measure was defeated 217-205 Former NSA contractor Edward Snowden leaked records of the program in June
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Michael Jackson 's family and about 200 of their closest friends gathered on a hill Thursday evening for their final farewell to the pop singer , who died 10 weeks ago . Thursday 's service for singer Michael Jackson began 90 minutes past the announced start time . Jackson 's burial may lay to rest some of the mystery and controversy that erupted with his sudden death on June 25 . His large family was divided over where the superstar 's final resting place should be , but matriarch Katherine Jackson settled on a crypt inside the well-guarded and ornate Great Mausoleum at Forest Lawn cemetery in Glendale , California . Thursday 's service began 90 minutes past the announced start time , leaving dozens of celebrities -- including Elizabeth Taylor -- waiting in their seats for the 26 cars carrying the Jackson clan to arrive . Gallery : Invitation for Jackson 's service " It began with Jackson 's five brothers -- each wearing a single sequined glove -- carrying his flower-covered bronze casket onto the outdoor stage among six large bouquets of white lilies and white roses , along with green topiaries . His three children , led by daughter , Paris , 11 , placed a crown atop their father 's coffin , which a family spokesman said it was "  to signify the final resting place of the King of Pop . " Jackson 's children , parents and siblings took their seats in the front row , while his nieces and nephews filled several rows of white chairs behind them . After an opening prayer by Pastor Lucius Smith , soul music legend Gladys Knight sang the gospel hymn "  His Eye Is on the Sparrow . " Clifton Davis sang "  Never Can Say Goodbye , " a hit he wrote for The Jackson 5 -- the group that featured a young Michael and his brothers . What was said by Jackson 's father , Joe Jackson , and others who took the lectern is not publicly known , because the family barred news cameras from the ceremony . A family statement issued afterward said close friends and family , including the Rev. Al Sharpton , spoke "  spontaneously to celebrate Michael 's life . " News helicopters hovering above captured video from a distance , but without sound . Watch media cover Jackson funeral " Lisa Marie Presley , one of Jackson 's former wives and the daughter of Elvis , attended the service , according to the family statement . It did not mention Debbie Rowe , Jackson 's second wife and the mother of his two oldest children . Macaulay Culkin , the "  Home Alone " actor who spent time with Jackson during his Neverland Ranch days , was there with his girlfriend , actress Mila Kunis . Actors Corey Feldman and Chris Tucker were also seen arriving for the service . Motown founder Berry Gordy , who gave Jackson and his brothers their first big record deal , and Quincy Jones , who produced Jackson 's "  Thriller " album , were there . Music producer Teddy Riley , who helped with Jackson 's 1991 "  Dangerous " album , attended . The guest list included TV executive Suzanne de Passe , who produced a miniseries about Jackson 's family , and Kenny Ortega , who was producing Jackson 's comeback show . Thomas Mesereau , the lawyer who successfully defended Jackson in a child molestation trial , sat just behind the Jackson family . When the hour-long service ended , his brothers lifted Jackson 's casket for a final time to carry him inside the Great Mausoleum , where he was placed in his crypt at 9:43 p.m. PT  12:43 a.m. ET Friday  . The family statement said it was "  his final resting place . " The family and friends then drove to an Italian restaurant eight miles away , in Pasadena , California , for "  a time of celebration . " The massive mausoleum , the final resting place for Clark Gable , Carole Lombard and dozens of other celebrities , is normally open to tourists , though the public is denied close access to crypts . Security guards , aided by cameras , keep constant vigil over the graves and crypts , which are surrounded by a world-class collection of art and architecture . The Forest Lawn Web site boasts that the mausoleum , which draws its architectural inspiration from the Campo Santo in Italy , "  has been called the ` New World 's Westminster Abbey ' by Time Magazine . " Visitors will see "  exact replicas of Michelangelo 's greatest works such as David , Moses , and La Pieta " and "  Leonardo da Vinci 's immortal Last Supper re-created in brilliant stained glass ; two of the world 's largest paintings , " the Web site says . Jackson 's burial was delayed by division among family members , though Katherine Jackson would make the final decision , brother Jermaine Jackson recently told CNN . He preferred to see his youngest brother laid to rest at his former Neverland Ranch home , north of Los Angeles in Santa Barbara County , California . That idea was complicated by neighbors who vowed to oppose allowing a grave in the rural area -- and by Jackson family members who said the singer would not want to return to the home where he faced child molestation charges , of which he was ultimately acquitted . The mystery of where Jackson would be buried became a media obsession in the weeks after his death . After his body was loaded onto a helicopter at UCLA 's Ronald Reagan Medical Center hours after his June 25 death , it stayed in the custody of the Los Angeles County coroner for an autopsy . It was only later disclosed that Jackson 's corpse was kept in a refrigerated room at the Hollywood Hills Forest Lawn cemetery until his casket was carried by motorcade to downtown Los Angeles for a public memorial service in the Staples Center arena . Again , speculation about Jackson 's whereabouts grew when the media lost track of his casket after his brothers carried it out of sight inside the arena . It was only recently confirmed that it was taken back to the Hollywood Hills Forest Lawn while awaiting his family 's decision . Though Thursday 's interment may settle one Jackson mystery , a more serious one remains . The coroner announced last week that he had ruled Jackson 's death a homicide . A summary of the coroner 's report said the anesthetic propofol and the sedative lorazepam were the primary drugs responsible for the singer 's death . Los Angeles police detectives have not concluded their criminal investigation and no one has been charged .	Jackson 's three kids , led by daughter , Paris , placed a crown atop their father 's coffin Clifton Davis sang "  Never Can Say Goodbye , " a hit he wrote for The Jackson 5 Guests included Elizabeth Taylor , Lisa Marie Presley and Macaulay Culkin
EW.com  -- Hear the music , close your eyes , feel the rhythm â $ " "  Flashdance " is Broadway-bound . "  Flashdance -- The Musical , " based on the iconic 1983 movie , is coming to the Great White Way in August 2013 , producers confirmed Tuesday . This is in addition to the already-announced national tour that will kick off in January in Pittsburgh  of course  . Fall theater preview : 10 shows we 're dying to see The show was first mounted in the U.K. in 2008 and 2010 , but the Broadway version will be completely re-written and re-staged for the move stateside , producers said . "  Flashdance -- The Musical " features a book by Tom Hedley  co-writer of the original screenplay with Joe Eszterhas  and Robert Cary , with music by Robbie Roth , lyrics by Cary and Roth , and direction and choreography by Sergio Trujillo  "  Jersey Boys , " "  Memphis "  . Fellow maniacs , never fear : The show will include iconic songs from the film such as "  Flashdance -- What a Feeling , " "  Maniac , " "  Gloria , " "  Manhunt " and "  I Love Rock & Roll , " as well as 16 new songs for the production . "  We are thrilled to be bringing "  Flashdance " to Broadway , " producer Marc Routh said in a press release . "  The new work we 've already seen Sergio create in the studio is downright brilliant . He 's come up with new ways of storytelling through dance that bring you immediately to the heart of this iconic story of a girl with a dream in a way I 've never seen , " Routh went on . "  And we all remember where we were when we first heard these hit songs , they bring you back to a place in time . ... We ca n't wait for audiences to embrace this new musical across the country on tour and then in the separate flagship production on Broadway . " See the full story on EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	A musical based on the 1983 movie "  Flashdance " is headed for Broadway It 'll arrive in August 2013 The show will include iconic songs from the film such as "  Flashdance -- What a Feeling "
CNN  -- Syrian tanks and helicopters opened fire and killed at least two civilians as the military advanced through a series of villages in northwestern Syria Thursday , a push that sent residents running for the hills , a villager told CNN . "  They attacked the old church , " said Mohamed Smail , a farmer who fled his home and spoke to CNN from the hills around Al Bara . "  We are calling on international organizations to protect our ruins . They are destroying our cultural heritage . " Syria has been engulfed in violence during more than three months of anti-government discontent . The crackdown on anti-government protests in the Jabal Zawiya region of Syria 's Idlib province comes just days after Syrian authorities allowed a historic opposition conference to be held in the capital , Damascus . Helicopters swept in and dropped commandos into the area from ropes Thursday morning . Tanks and helicopters bombarded ancient Byzantine ruins in Al Bara , the site of a famous "  dead city , " a destination for tourists fascinated by fifth-century Byzantine churches , monasteries , and an intact pyramid-shaped burial chamber . Smail also said Syrian military units attacked and destroyed the home of a local man named Mohamed Khalife , killing him and his infant son . "  His 1-year-old son , named Hasan Mohamed Khalife , was in the house and we could n't save him , " Smail said . Smail said Syrian troops and plain-clothed Shabiha militants had blocked escape routes to nearby Turkey . CNN could not independently confirm the man 's account . The number of Syrian refugees fleeing to Turkey each day has dropped dramatically as Syrian troops have moved into border regions , after days of protests and unrest . The Turkish prime minister 's office released a statement Thursday saying that five Syrian refugees had crossed the border during the prior 24 hours . More than 15,000 Syrian refugees fled to Turkey to escape the government crackdown in recent weeks . Nearly a third of those refugees have voluntarily returned to Syria in recent days , according to the Turkish government . Elsewhere , in the large city of Aleppo , 20 busloads of what an activist called "  government thugs " attacked marchers with batons and knives . The attack caused the demonstrators to disperse , and a number of people were injured , but there was no word of deaths . Video surfaced on the internet of what activists say was unrest on Bab Nasr Avenue in Aleppo , and it showed a panicked crowd fleeing down the street . Syrian forces later intervened , pushed the "  thugs " back , and a peaceful demonstration ensued , an activist said . Another activist , contacted by telephone by CNN , said the street was the site of a Thursday confrontation between protesters and government forces . Rami Abdelrahman , of the London-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights , said anti-regime demonstrations occurred Thursday in Aleppo 's Bab Al Faraj , Al Masharqa and Bab al Hadid neighborhoods . Hundreds of demonstrators participated in them , he said . Some pro-regime demonstrations occurred in the same areas , with demonstrators clashing and a number of injuries resulting , he said . At the United Nations , Western diplomats exchanged harsh words with the Syrian ambassador in the Security Council , where China and Russia have threatened to veto a pending resolution condemning the violence in Syria on the grounds that they do not want to get involved in Syria 's internal affairs . "  This council should send a clear message underlining our collective concern , " said Philip Parham , Britain 's deputy ambassador to the United Nations . "  They have met legitimate demands for reform with brute force . " "  I would hope that this esteemed council would focus on the real issues instead of meddling in internal affairs , " said Bashar Jaafari , Syria 's ambassador to the world body . "  Some member states will not cease to use the Security Council as a tool to pass its own policies . " Meanwhile , an American congressman who traveled this week to Syria , where he met with President Bashar al-Assad and opposition leaders , said the situation is "  dire . " U.S. Rep. Dennis Kucinich , D-Ohio , said he is working to end the violence . "  I appealed to President Assad to remove his forces from the cities . He told me he would , and today we learned that he has begun to do just that . " "  A process of national dialogue is now beginning . This process is unprecedented in Syria and should not be dismissed as mere window dressing , because until now there has been no window for people to view what democracy in Syria would look like . " He said he has talked to "  many Syrians who said the overthrow of Assad -- without knowing who would take his place -- will add to the instability and make things immeasurably worse , and they want him to deliver on the reforms . " "  President Assad has communicated directly to the opposition , and to me personally , that he is prepared to do that , not as a ruse to stay in power , but as a step towards the natural path to Syria 's progress and development . We must be mindful however of the actions of extremists who are using this time of transition as an opportunity of cover for their own anti-democratic agenda . " Kucinich said he traveled to Syria at the request of his Arab-American constituents and not in response to an invitation from Damascus . He met with government and opposition figures , including people who had been imprisoned by the regime , and said the situation does n't "  simply involve two players : the government and the opposition . " "  It is an extremely complicated and explosive condition involving , among other elements , a historically closed government with an awful human rights record , caught up in demands for democracy sweeping the region ; security forces which went out of control killing innocent protesters ; sectarian interests which have longed to overthrow a government which has protected religious minorities ; violence against minorities ; guns flowing across the borders with refugees on the move , " he said . "  Too many people have already died in Syria . It is imperative to act to end further deaths . " CNN 's Kamal Ghattas and Yesim Comert contributed to this report	NEW : Harsh words between Syrian and Western diplomats at the United Nations Villager : 2 dead during military push Protesters are roughed up in Aleppo A U.S. lawmaker says the situation is "  dire "
CNN  -- The teenager accused of gunning down his parents and three siblings in their New Mexico home last month has been indicted on five counts of murder . Investigators said Nehemiah Griego , 15 , had hoped to go on a killing spree and die in a shootout with police . A Bernalillo County grand jury also indicted Griego on Monday on three counts of intentionally caused child abuse and three counts of death of a child under 12 , charges that relate to the killing of his two sisters and brother . Griego is being charged as an adult , prosecutors announced . Griego told investigators he hoped to end his spree "  at a Walmart , with mass destruction , " Bernalillo County Sheriff Dan Houston said . He said he was "  frustrated with his mother , " but "  he did not articulate that to our investigators any further or give any explanation of that at all , " Houston said . He was arrested the night of January 19 after deputies found the bodies of his mother , father , brother and two sisters in their home on the outskirts of Albuquerque . Investigators believe the killings happened early that morning or late the night before .	Nehemiah Griego , 15 , had hoped to go on a killing spree and die , police say The teen told police he was "  frustrated with his mother " Griego was arrested January 19 after deputies found parents ' , siblings ' bodies
CNN  -- I am Shane Stanford . To my family , I am a husband of 20 years and the boastful father of three . To my congregation of nearly 5,000 , I am a pastor . To my readers , I am the author of nine Christian books . To my friends , I am one of the guys . And , to so many over the years who have known my story , I am a man in a race -- a race against illness , against fear , against discrimination . A race against my own body . A race against time . A hemophiliac since birth , I discovered my HIV status at 16 . It was life-changing news , the result of a contaminated blood supply . And , so , the race began . It has included many twists and turns : from the joy of marrying my high school sweetheart to the sorrow of being rejected by the first church to which I was appointed as pastor . Certainly , the race has never been easy . It is often long and difficult . However , the race now impacts me in so many ways . And , oddly enough , I would not trade it with anyone . Instead , the journey affords me a glimpse into the best of what each of us can become . The race has made me a student , and no day goes by that it does n't teach me a lesson . About time : A privilege afforded to us to make a difference in this world . About relationships : The most important things we do are not done alone . About simplicity : More , bigger , nicer , pale in comparison to gifts like sunsets and the laughter of children at play . About real meaning ... and about myself : Life is more a mosaic than a measurable frame of joys and sorrows , laughter and tears . Real meaning is discovered through the composition of life 's diversity . No color can adequately define a mosaic , any more than one hardship , failure or achievement can define a person 's life . The diversity of these images brought together unveil who I really am . No matter how I try to describe myself , I am more than the sum of what I can say . So , I run ... for those I love and , even , for those I have never met . I run to make life matter , seeking more than the right way to go , but actually going there and watching the race mean something .	Shane Stanford is husband and father , author , and a pastor He is racing against illness and fear : Stanford is an HIV-positive hemophiliac Journey has shown relationships , simplicity , giving are most important "  No matter how I try to describe myself , I am more than the sum of what I can say "
Washington  CNN  -- By all accounts , it started innocently . An airport screener missed a bag . But by the time it was over , authorities had shut down an airport terminal for two hours , airlines delayed almost a dozen flights and scores of air travelers probably were wondering whether they should have taken the train . The shutdown of the A-2 terminal at Newark Liberty International Airport on Wednesday is probably typical in many ways . But a Port Authority police report gives a detailed account of the breach , the TSA 's response , and some of the behind-the-scenes confusion that led to the two-hour closure . The mistake It happened at 11:04 a.m. . According to the TSA , an X-ray machine detected a suspicious object in a bag , and a screener was told to conduct a hand search . But , for reasons still unclear , before the officer turned his or her attention to the task , the passenger left the checkpoint , along with the bag . The Port Authority Police Department report gives a slightly different account . It says the TSA screener picked up and screened the wrong bag . When the mistake was discovered shortly thereafter , the traveler had already left the checkpoint , and the screener could not describe the passenger . Authorities shut down the checkpoint , and a breach of security was issued , the Port Authority report says . The response At 11:18 a.m. , TSA screeners looked at recordings captured by the closed circuit television cameras . They told police they figured out who the unidentified passenger was . They gave police a description of a black female traveling with a black male . But when the two travelers were located and rescreened , it was found that they were not the folks involved in the breach . The confusion The TSA then gave a description of a tall black male carrying a black laptop bag , according to the police report . That person was also found , and ruled out . "  This process continued three more times , " the police report says . Police found , and then ruled out , a white woman traveling with two children in a stroller , a 6-foot white male wearing a brown shirt and jeans and carrying a suitcase , and a white male with curly brown hair wearing a JetBlue uniform . After the fifth false identification , authorities ordered the terminal area shut down and cleared . All passengers , flight crews and employees were told to leave for rescreening . The end At 12:22 p.m. , more than an hour into the incident , a screener stopped a female JetBlue employee believed to be the owner of the bag . Upon rescreening , it was determined that her bag was allowed to pass through security unchecked . But because of the lapse of time , and the possibility she could have taken contraband into the secure side of the checkpoint , officers continued with their inspection of the area and its occupants . They reopened the checkpoint about 1 p.m. . But wait ! There 's a twist . While Port Authority Police Department union representatives complained that the incident was an example of TSA incompetence , a TSA official , speaking on background , said other factors may vindicate the agency . The TSA said that a woman they identified early in the incident twice denied being the woman with the suspicious bag . The woman 's repeated denials prompted them to focus on other individuals , prolonging the incident . The woman may have denied having the bag , the TSA official speculated , because she had purchased some perfume in a duty-free shop , and did not have the liquid in the required one-quart plastic bag . The TSA official acknowledged the theory was speculative , but said the TSA hopes to learn more in a "  hot wash " or review of the incident . The consequences Wednesday 's breach occurred just two days after a TSA miscommunication resulted in a scare at nearby LaGuardia airport . In that incident , a screener removed two suspicious objects from a traveler 's bag , determined that they were not explosive , but placed them aside . When a later shift arrived , they feared the devices were pipe bombs and called police . "  Unfortunately , these glaring TSA security failures at our nation 's busiest airports continue to undermine security , which imperils and needlessly inconveniences the traveling public , " Paul Nunziato , president of the Port Authority Police Benevolent Association , said in a statement to CNN . "  It is a shame these security breaches have become daily events . " Nunziato said that the "  astonishing number of TSA security failures " has led airport police organizations to ask Congress to create uniformed standards for airport security . "  Until Washington acts to mandate these reforms , this game of Russian Roulette will continue , " he said . Responded TSA spokeswoman Lisa Farbstein : "  We screen nearly 2 million passengers a day and we are always looking for ways to improve and strengthen our processes . " Farbstein said the TSA is conducting a thorough review of the incident to see why the suspicious bag was not "  picked up and inspected right away . "	Newark International Airport terminal was shut down for two hours following a security breach Traveler left security checkpoint with bag that had been flagged by TSA screeners Two days earlier , a security scare was reported at New York LaGuardia airport
Columbus , Ohio  CNN  -- President Barack Obama took on critics of his energy policies Thursday , saying in carefully coordinated speeches that they were n't paying attention to increased oil production at home and were misleading the public about the cause of rising gas prices . "  Anyone who says that we 're somehow suppressing domestic oil production is n't paying attention , " Obama said in Cushing , Oklahoma , on the second day of a four-state tour to tout his policies . "  And anyone who says that just drilling more will bring gas prices down just is n't playing it straight , " the president continued . " We are drilling more . We are producing more . But the fact is , producing more oil at home is n't enough to bring gas prices down overnight . " In Cushing and a later speech at The Ohio State University , Obama repeated his call for a diversified policy that increases production of traditional energy sources such as oil and natural gas while increasing investment in alternative sources such as solar , wind and hydrogen power to compete in growing global clean energy markets . In particular , he rejected Republican claims that U.S. oil reserves alone offer a solution to higher gas prices and long-term supplies . "  Even if we drilled every little bit of this great country of ours , we 'd still have to buy enough from the rest of the world to meet our needs , " Obama said in Cushing . He added that "  the price of oil is set by the global market , and that means every time tensions rise in the Middle East , so will gas prices at home . " In particular , Obama said , rising tension involving Iran was causing the current spike in global oil prices . At Ohio State , Obama emphasized to a cheering student crowd that since he took office in 2009 , "  America 's dependence on foreign oil has gone down every single year . " "  Even as the economy was growing , we 've made progress in reducing the amount of oil we have to import because we 're being smarter , we 're doing things better , " the president said . Romney turns up heat on Obama energy policies The whirlwind trip over two days followed weeks of criticism of his approach to gas price increases by Republicans on Capitol Hill and the presidential campaign trail . "  He has an energy policy that is very simple , " Rick Santorum said of the president during a campaign stop Monday in Illinois . "  You can sum it up in two letters , N-O . He is against everything that will create economic incentives to drill . " Newt Gingrich has made reducing prices at the pump a central promise of his campaign , telling voters at a recent event in Birmingham , Alabama , that "  an American president who believed in energy and an American president who believed in science and technology would drive the price of gasoline below $ 2 . " Arizona Sen. Jon Kyl sounded a similar refrain after a Republican caucus meeting in early March , agreeing with the president 's all-of-the-above approach , but adding , "  We need it in action , not just words . " A focus of Republican attacks has been the delay in administration approval of the Keystone XL oil pipeline from Canada 's tar sands production in northern Alberta to the Gulf Coast . Keystone pipeline : Separating rhetoric from reality Last year , the administration put off a decision until 2013 after protests by environmentalists concerned about high carbon emissions from tar sands oil production and objections by Nebraska officials to a route near a vital aquifer . Republicans in Congress , accusing Obama of avoiding the issue until after the November election , tried to speed the process by tacking a measure requiring an immediate decision to the temporary payroll tax cut bill last December . The Obama administration then rejected the pipeline permit in January , saying an alternate route from Nebraska had yet to be decided . Since then , Republicans have persisted in attacking Obama for rejecting the permit . The president announced Thursday in Cushing that he was using his executive authority to order federal agencies to expedite the approval process for large-scale infrastructure projects like oil pipelines . More specifically , he ordered the portion of the Keystone XL pipeline running from Cushing to the Gulf to be placed at the top of the list . "  We 're making this new pipeline from Cushing to the Gulf a priority , " Obama said to cheers , later adding that "  as long as I 'm president , we 're going to keep encouraging oil development and infrastructure and we 're going to do it in a way that protects the health and safety of the American people . We do n't have to choose between one or the other . We can do both . " Many private companies -- including TransCanada , the Canadian company behind the Keystone XL project -- are working to build pipelines that relieve the bottleneck of oil in Cushing , a major hub for crude oil storage and trade . While federal agencies like the Army Corps of Engineers and the Department of the Interior have some involvement in the approval process for the domestic portion of the pipeline , the federal government has relatively little control when compared to the absolute say it holds over the portion that crosses the international border with Canada . The ultimate decision-making authority for the pipeline 's domestic route lies mainly with the states it crosses , prompting Republicans to question whether the president can actually claim any credit for speeding the project along . House Speaker John Boehner , R-Ohio , told reporters Thursday that Obama was claiming credit he did n't deserve on the southern leg of the Keystone pipeline while continuing to prevent construction on the northern leg from Canada . "  It 's already gotten its approvals and this idea that the president is going to expedite this will have no impact on the construction of this pipeline , " Boehner said of the Cushing-Gulf Coast portion . "  The president has continued to block development of oil and gas reserves , big reserves , on federal lands . And he can go out and make all the noise that he wants , but the facts are there . " Poll : Majority say build Keystone pipeline On Wednesday , Obama kicked off his energy tour with stops in Boulder City , Nevada , and Maljamar , New Mexico , to focus on work on alternative energy sources . The visit to Boulder City was designed to tout the success of solar technology at the largest photovoltaic solar facility in the nation . Photovoltaic solar panels create energy directly from sunlight without the need for any water or moving parts . Obama acknowledged the high prices at the pump , but used the problem as a reason to abandon federal "  subsidies " to oil and gas companies . "  We want to encourage production of oil and gas , and make sure that wherever we 've got American resources , we are tapping into them , " the president said . "  But they do n't need an additional incentive when gas is $ 3.75 a gallon , when oil is $ 120 a barrel , $ 125 a barrel . They do n't need additional incentives . They 're doing fine . " What the president calls subsidies , the petroleum industry calls the same tax breaks afforded those in many other industries . The push to end what Obama deems to be preferential treatment to a petroleum industry that 's never been more profitable was central to his two-day tour , but the president also used the trip to push back against those who call federal aid to the renewable energy industry a waste of money . "  Some of these folks want to dismiss the promise of solar power and wind power and fuel-efficient cars , " Obama said in Boulder City . "  In fact , they make jokes about it . One member of Congress who shall remain unnamed called these jobs ` phony ' -- called them phony jobs . I mean , think about that mindset , that attitude that says because something is new , it must not be real . If these guys were around when Columbus set sail , they 'd be charter members of the Flat Earth Society . " With nearly a million solar panels spread across 450 acres , Copper Mountain 1 in Boulder City provides power for roughly 17,000 homes , but employs just 10 full-time employees . The solar plant 's owner , Sempra U.S. Gas & Power , is in the process of building a second facility nearby that 's set to more than triple the output of Copper Mountain 1 . Construction of the second facility -- Copper Mountain 2 -- has created 175 temporary jobs but , according to Sempra 's own projections , the final solar plant will result in just five full-time positions . CNN 's Tom Cohen contributed to this report .	NEW : President Obama touts reduced dependency on foreign oil "  We are drilling more , " Obama says in response to critics The president is speaking at sites for solar , domestic oil and other energy sources Republican presidential candidates say his actions on energy fall short
CNN  -- Activists in Saudi Arabia utilizing new media tools to call for change "  face a repressive and intolerant government , " and risk harassment as well as imprisonment , according to Human Rights Watch  HRW  . A report by the rights group , "  Challenging the Red Lines : Stories of Rights Activists in Saudi Arabia , " released Wednesday , accuses Saudi authorities of "  arresting , prosecuting , and attempting to silence rights defenders and to quash their calls for change . " "  Independent activists in Saudi Arabia have little to protect them from the repressive practices of their government , " said Adam Coogle , Saudi researcher for Human Rights Watch . "  It 's time for other countries to break their silence and tell Saudi Arabia to allow independent activism , " Coogle told CNN . Activists in Saudi Arabia -- an absolute monarchy where dissent is little tolerated -- have increasingly turned to social media sites to express growing frustration with the government . Online participation by Saudis has increased so much that the country now has one of the highest usage rates of Twitter in the world . As the government will not allow for the formation and licensing of independent human rights bodies inside the country , many internet-based nongovernmental rights organizations have been established , and frequently report on human rights abuses within the ultraconservative kingdom . According to HRW , "  despite the authorities ' efforts to block online content , Saudis -- at least 49 % of whom have Internet access -- use Internet forums to bypass heavily censored state media . " The report also highlights the stories of 11 prominent Saudi political and civil activists and "  their struggles to resist government efforts to suppress them , " according to HRW . One of those activists , Waleed Abulkhair , was recently sentenced to three months in jail by a court in Jeddah for signing a petition critical of Saudi authorities two years ago . "  Human rights activists are having a very bad time right now in Saudi Arabia , " Abulkhair told CNN . "  Authorities do n't want anyone to speak out loudly and when we do , the government feels they lose control . " Abulkhair , a prominent human rights lawyer , said he is appealing his sentence , but that he 's now also being tried by the Specialized Criminal Court  which prosecutes terrorists  in the country 's capital city , Riyadh . According to Abulkhair , he 's been charged with "  setting up an unlicensed organization " and "  breaking allegiance with the Saudi King , " among other things . Abulkhair believes he is being prosecuted solely for his activism and holds out little hope he 'll remain free much longer . "  I 'm sure that I will be convicted , " he told CNN . Another Saudi activist highlighted in the report is Abulkhair 's brother-in-law and client , Raif Badawi . Badawi was recently sentenced by a Jeddah Criminal Court to seven years in prison and 600 lashes for violating the nation 's anti-cybercrime law . In jail since June 2012 , Badawi was found guilty of insulting Islam through his website and in television comments . Badawi 's legal troubles started shortly after he started the Free Saudi Liberals website in 2008 , as a way to encourage discussion about religion ; it did n't take long for some clerics to brand him an unbeliever and apostate . Badawi 's sentence is being appealed . The case of Adel Ali al-Labbad is also included in the report . It calls him "  a political activist and poet from the Eastern Province city of Awammiyah . " HRW says Saudi security forces have arrested al-Labbad , a Shiite , four times over the past ten years and tortured him . "  Saudi Arabia 's conviction of eight prominent activists in 2013 alone for their peaceful activities has been largely met with silence by Saudi Arabia 's friends in the US and Europe , " said HRW 's Coogle . "  It 's time for other countries speak up and tell Saudi Arabia to end its repression campaign . " Despite repeated attempts , CNN was unable to reach Saudi Arabia 's Interior Ministry or Justice Ministry for comment . Rights groups have frequently accused Saudi authorities of targeting activists through the courts and travel bans . Many were outraged in March this year , when two of the country 's most prominent reform advocates , Mohammed Al-Qahtani and Abdullah Al-Hamid were sentenced to 10 and 11 years in prison respectively . At the time , Amnesty International called their trial "  just one of a troubling string of court cases aimed at silencing the kingdom 's human-rights activists . " Asked in January about accusations that Saudi Arabia is cracking down on dissent , Major General Mansour Al-Turki , spokesman for the Saudi Interior Ministry , told CNN , "  At the Interior Ministry , our area of responsibility is security . " He added , "  My understanding is that these cases are being looked at by the courts now . Nobody will comment on cases being looked at by the courts . " According to HRW , "  Saudi Arabia does not have a written penal code , leaving judges free to issue sentences based on their own interpretations of the Quran and the teachings of the Prophet Muhammad , the two agreed-upon sources of Islamic Sharia law . " "  Defendants accused of political offenses -- including human rights activists -- are often sentenced by the Specialized Criminal Court , set up to try terrorism-related cases . This court sometimes denies defendants the most basic fair trial guarantees , including the right to a lawyer , and passes sentences in closed proceedings . " Despite repeated criticism of Saudi Arabia 's human rights record by numerous rights groups , in November the kingdom was elected to a three year term on the United Nations ' Human Rights Council .	Activists in Saudi Arabia have turned to social media to speak out against the government The establishment of independent human rights bodies inside the country is forbidden Activists risk harassment and imprisonment says Human Rights Watch  HRW HRW : "  It 's time for other countries speak up and tell Saudi Arabia to end its repression campaign . "
CNN  -- It was obvious that Baltimore Ravens owner Steve Bisciotti did n't like his organization 's integrity being questioned . On Monday , he sat down  did n't use a lectern  to talk with sports reporters about last week 's ESPN report that implied the Ravens ' top brass knew early on how bad the Ray Rice domestic violence case was and the team tried to influence Roger Goodell to give the running back a light penalty . While denying that was the case , Bisciotti did admit again that he and the team should have done more to get the video that led to Rice being axed by his Ravens and suspended by the NFL . Bisciotti spoke for 47 minutes , at one point telling a media relations person who wanted to end the news conference that it was OK to keep going . Here are five key points we learned from the owner 's candid discussion and the letter to fans that the Ravens issued tackling 15 points from the ESPN report that it disputed . Who were the sources for the story ? Bisciotti told reporters that he believed Ray Rice 's people were most of the unnamed sources for the story as part of their attempt to get his indefinite suspension overturned . "  Almost everything in  the article  is anonymous but it 's clear from the subject matter it 's Ray 's attorney , Ray 's agent and Ray 's friends . They are building a case for reinstatement and the best way to build a case for reinstatement is to make everyone else look like they 're lying . " The Ravens owner said he wished the reporters for ESPN -- which issued a statement : "  We stand by our reporting " -- had acknowledged to readers how big a role Rice 's camp played in the story . In its report it said : " ` Outside the Lines ' interviewed more than 20 sources ... team officials , current and former league officials , NFL Players Association representatives and associates , advisers and friends of Rice . " Bisciotti claimed some of those friends "  started making things up . " ESPN investigative reporter Don Van Natta appeared on "  Outside the Lines " after Bisciotti made his claims and said they were false . "  It 's an assumption he 's making ... but it 's unfortunately just not true , " he said . When did the Ravens know what was on the in-elevator video ? It 's the damning piece of evidence that got Rice fired and suspended indefinitely . He is appealing through the players ' union . The video from inside the elevator at a New Jersey casino shows Ray Rice in the early morning hours of February 15 knocking out his future wife with a vicious punch to the head . TMZ Sports posted what it says was a cleaned up version of the recording . ESPN reported that Ravens Director of Security Darren Sanders knew within hours of the incident what was on the video , through a report given to him by a police officer in Atlantic City . This conflicts with what the Ravens have said about when they knew what was on the video . Through the team 's statement , Sanders said it was 10 days later when a police official described the video . "  The officer could not tell from the video whether Ray slapped or punched her , but Ray told me very clearly that he did not punch her , " Sanders said , without elaborating when Rice described the incident to him . The Ravens stopped pursuing the video when the charge against Rice was elevated from a misdemeanor to a felony . Bisciotti said it was a mistake to defer to prosecutors investigating the case and that at some point the Ravens should have demanded the video from Rice 's attorney . What did Ray say happened ? It 's a key point of contention . ESPN cited sources in this report and another that Rice told the Ravens and NFL officials that he punched Janay Palmer , his fiancee whom he married a month after the incident . NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell has said his original two-game suspension of Rice was in part based on the player 's misleading testimony during a June meeting . The Ravens also said Rice was n't forthcoming . "  It was our understanding based on Ray 's account that in the course of a physical altercation between the two of them he slapped Janay with an open hand , and that she hit her head against the elevator rail or wall as she fell to the ground , " Bisciotti said in the team statement . Sanders said Rice denied punching his fiancee . Ravens General Manager Ozzie Newsome was quoted in the Baltimore Sun that the video showed that Rice did n't lie to him . He said Monday that he had only asked Rice if he had hit Palmer and Rice said he had . "  I later said Ray did n't lie to me because he told me he hit her , and that is what the video later showed -- although the video was much more violent than what I had pictured , " he said in the Ravens ' release . Did the Ravens ask prosecutors and the NFL to go easy ? Team President Dick Cass said that Sanders was the only person from the team to make contact with anyone in the New Jersey judicial or law enforcement investigations . The only thing anyone from the team did outside of requesting the video was to write a letter in support of Ray Rice that was included in his application for a pretrial intervention program . Bisciotti was upset by the implication that he and Goodell are buddies who share a love for golf and that the owner used a connection to ask for a favor . "  I know and like Roger Goodell , but it is inaccurate to call us ` good friends , ' " he said in the statement . The owner said his communication with the commissioner consisted of a brief conversation at an owners ' meeting . "  One time I saw Roger at the NFL meetings , and I said , ` Where are we with this ? ' and he said , ` Nowhere until the police investigation is concluded . ' That 's the extent of what I did at that time , " Bisciotti said . Could Rice rejoin the Ravens ? Yes , but not on the field , Bisciotti told reporters . He talked about text messages he sent to Rice on the day the Ravens let him go : Hey Ray , just want to let you know , we loved you as a player , it was great having you here . Hopefully all these things are going to die down . I wish the best for you and Janay . When you 're done with football , I 'd like you to know you have a job waiting for you with the Ravens helping young guys getting acclimated to the league . The ESPN report indicated Rice thought the job offer was a bid to have Rice go along with the Ravens ' version of events . Bisciotti said it was an honest attempt to bring back a player he thought would have a retribution story to share with young players . "  People that redeem themselves are the best ones to lead others , " he said . "  I believed that this was Ray 's one terrible moment . " Bisciotti said he believed that Rice would be a "  great asset " counseling with rookies and telling his story of personal redemption .	Ravens owner thinks its obvious most unnamed sources were sympathetic to Ray Rice ESPN denies his allegation , says it stands by its reporting Team 's director of security denies knowing within hours what was on in-elevator video Bisciotti feels Rice could return to team after playing career ends
CNN Student News  -- February 16 , 2011 Download PDF maps related to today 's show : • Middle East & North Africa • Washington , D.C. Transcript THIS IS A RUSH TRANSCRIPT . THIS COPY MAY NOT BE IN ITS FINAL FORM AND MAY BE UPDATED . CARL AZUZ , CNN STUDENT NEWS ANCHOR : Hey , I 'm Carl Azuz , this is CNN Student News ! Today 's show is dedicated to Mrs. Klapperich 's students in Cannon Falls , Minnesota . Thank you for your "  likes " at Facebook.com / CNNStudentNews . Let 's get today 's show started ! First Up : Domino Effect ? AZUZ : Tunisia , Egypt , Iran , Algeria , Yemen , Bahrain . If you 've been watching the news the past several weeks , you know what these countries have in common : political unrest . People speaking out against their governments , calling for changes . What 's happening in that part of the world could certainly have an impact on other countries around the globe . During a speech yesterday , President Obama talked about the role that the U.S. might play . U.S. PRESIDENT BARACK OBAMA : What happens in each of these countries will be determined by the citizens of those countries . We do want to make sure that transitions do not degenerate into chaos and violence . That 's not just good for us , that 's good for those countries . AZUZ : We 're seeing some of these same themes with these protests . They 're often organized with social media . The focus is on government leaders or policies that have been in place for a long time . But the situations are unique . And Jill Dougherty is going to show us how the U.S. has been involved so far . BEGIN VIDEO JILL DOUGHERTY , CNN FOREIGN AFFAIRS CORRESPONDENT , WASHINGTON , D.C. : Is this what the Obama administration hopes could be the next people 's revolution ? Iranian police clash with demonstrators on the streets of Tehran , and Secretary of State Hillary Clinton connects the dots with Egypt 's revolution . U.S. SECRETARY OF STATE HILLARY CLINTON : We wish the opposition and the brave people in the streets across cities in Iran , you know , the same opportunity that they saw their Egyptian counterparts seize in the last week . DOUGHERTY : As Iranian police round up activists , the State Department begins tweeting encouraging messages in the Farsi language , telling Iranians we want to join in your conversation . Just days after a revolution toppled Egypt 's longtime ruler , Hosni Mubarak , unrest is rippling through the region , and the U.S. is trying to figure out how to handle it . In Algeria , protesters clash with security forces and the State Department proclaims their support for the universal rights of the Algerian people , adding , these rights apply on the internet . The government of Syria puts a blogger on trial for espionage ; the State Department calls for her freedom . In Jordan , the Chairman of the U.S. Joint Chiefs of Staff and a top State Department official meet with King Abdullah II to show support for the new government he swore in following anti-government protests . Yet nothing is settled in Egypt . Trying to muster international support , President Obama has been speed-dialing fellow leaders in Great Britain , Jordan and Turkey to help keep pressure on the Egyptian military to turn a revolution into a real democracy . Secretary Clinton called the Egyptian foreign minister and her counterparts in eight other countries . The tide of democracy opens opportunities , officials say , but a former CIA director says this is not a stack of dominoes . MICHAEL HAYDEN , FORMER CIA DIRECTOR : The challenge is how does one manage that during the transition period so that you do n't see some of the more radical and , unfortunately , those are generally the best organized groups , seizing control , capturing the revolution and taking it into a direction that 's very dark . END VIDEO Medal of Freedom AZUZ : The Medal of Freedom is the highest civilian honor that 's given out by the U.S. government . In a ceremony yesterday at the White House , President Obama gave out 15 of them , describing this year 's recipients as "  the best of who we are and who we aspire to be . " That includes former President George H.W. Bush , America 's 41st president , whose career of public service spanned 70 years . Georgia congressman and civil rights leader John Lewis , as well as German Chancellor Angela Merkel were also given Medals of Freedom . But it was n't just politicians . Artists , like the famous poet Maya Angelou , whom the president 's sister is named after , along with cellist Yo-Yo Ma and artist Jasper Johns were honored at the ceremony . Sports legends Bill Russell and Stan Musial were also among the Medal of Freedom honorees . Shoutout TOMEKA JONES , CNN STUDENT NEWS : Time for the Shoutout ! What part of the human brain is associated with memory ? If you think you know it , then shout it out ! Is it the : A  Cerebrum , B  Medulla , C  Thalamus or D  Brain Stem ? You 've got three seconds -- GO ! Your memory is controlled by part of your cerebrum . That 's your answer and that 's your Shoutout ! Man vs. Machine AZUZ : How does our cerebrum stack up against a computer 's memory banks ? That is the challenge playing out on "  Jeopardy! " this week . It 's a three-day event pitting two of the show 's biggest all-time winners against a super-computer named Watson . This thing was created by IBM . The company says Watson has the processing power of 2,800 powerful computers . Watson 's developers say it 's a major step forward in the ability of machines to understand human language . That 's part of what makes this game so interesting , since a lot of Jeopardy! clues involve word play or double meanings . Host Alex Trebek described Watson 's first day of performance as "  very bright , very fast , but some weird little moments once in a while . " Blog Promo AZUZ : So , we 're not in The Matrix just yet . But we want to hear your take on this man vs. machine face-off . Are you interested to see if a computer can learn language ? Do you think machines could ever be as smart as people ? Head to our blog at CNNStudentNews.com , let us know what you think . This Day in History AZUZ : It 's February 16th , and on this day in history in 1923 , British archaeologist Howard Carter unsealed the tomb of ancient Egyptian ruler King Tut . In 1959 , Fidel Castro was sworn in as the prime minister of Cuba after leading a communist revolution that overthrew Cuba 's previous leader . In 1968 , the first ever 9-1-1 call was made in Haleyville , Alabama . The answer on the other end of the line ? "  Hello . " And in 2005 , the Kyoto Protocol , a treaty aimed at reducing greenhouse gas emissions , went into effect . Inspiring Youth AZUZ : Well , in more recent history -- like last week -- I interviewed former NFL running back Warrick Dunn . He 's known for his accomplishments on the field during 12 seasons with the Tampa Bay Bucs and the Atlanta Falcons . But he 's also known for his humanitarian work with the Warrick Dunn Family Foundation , that helps single parents achieve their dream of owning a home . In the second part of our conversation , I talked with Mr. Dunn about what advice he has for young people . Take a listen to this . BEGIN VIDEO AZUZ : How does somebody who does that , who plays for the Atlanta Falcons , the Tampa Bay Bucs , how do you stay humble and positive through all that ? WARRICK DUNN , FORMER NFL RUNNING BACK , PHILANTHROPIST : I 've learned early in my life that treat people the same way you want to be treated . But also , I thought about my mom , her dream , her mission , how she treated people , how she wanted better for other people . I 've tried to live through her , live through her lessons in life , and I wanted to be like her . AZUZ : What would you tell some of the high school students who are watching our show , who they love what they do , they love playing , but they might not have the talent or the gift to play professionally ? DUNN : It 's a lot that goes into it . I think , first and foremost , you have to understand "  why are you in school ? " Your focus has to be education , and I learned that early . Set yourself up , put yourself in a position to really go to the next level , and that 's get a college scholarship , graduate from college , get the degree . The game , you ca n't play the game forever . AZUZ : What advice do you have for today 's students who do n't know what they want to do ? DUNN : You can experience so many different things to really understand what you love or to find something that you 're passionate about . That 's really going out of your comfort zone and really trying new and different things . It 's all about checks and balances . It 's all about thinking about not , "  how am I going to live today , " but "  how am I going to live 20 , 30 years down the road . " You have to have a plan ; nothing is going to come easy . You have to work for the things that you want . END VIDEO Before We Go AZUZ : That man was a very good interview . And we 're gon na be putting both parts of it up in the Spotlight section at CNNStudentNews.com , so keep an eye out for that . Our last story , before we go today , my very first job was bagging groceries at a supermarket . Believe that . But I do n't remember it being anywhere near this intense ! These folks are the best of the best . That 's why they 're competing in the 2011 Best Bagger National Championships . Contestants have to fill three bags with everyday items , like bread , eggs and cans . The winner , Krystal Smith from Burlington , Vermont , did it in just 38 seconds . Goodbye AZUZ : With her superior speed and technique , that title was in the bag . But it 's time for us to check out for now . We 'll be back tomorrow with more commercial-free headlines . Hope you have a great day .	Examine U.S. attempts to define its involvement in political unrest overseas Consider a face-off between human and machine playing out on a game show Find out what advice former NFL star Warrick Dunn has for students Use the Daily Discussion to help students understand today 's featured news stories
CNN  -- A judge granted a temporary restraining order Friday to keep a 13-year-old girl on life support after she was declared brain dead following a tonsillectomy at a hospital in Oakland , California . Alameda Superior Court judge Evelio Grillo gave the family of Jahi McMath and hospital officials until Monday to appoint an independent physician to further examine the girl . Jahi was declared brain dead December 12 , three days after she was to have surgery to remove her tonsils . Doctors at Children 's Hospital & Research Center in Oakland had recommended the tonsillectomy and other procedures to treat Jahi 's sleep apnea , weight gain , inability to concentrate , short attention span and other afflictions . Her surgery initially appeared to have gone well , said Sandy Chatman , Jahi 's grandmother who is herself a nurse and who saw the girl in the recovery room . But soon after surgery , Jahi 's condition quickly deteriorated and she went into cardiac arrest , her family said . A scan showed two-thirds of Jahi 's brain had swollen . Doctors declared her brain-dead , and days later planned to take her off life support until receiving a cease-and-desist letter from the family 's attorney , Christopher B. Dolan . Jahi 's mother , Latasha "  Nailah " Winkfield , who has maintained a constant vigil by her daughter 's bedside , said her daughter has responded to touching and shows other signs of life . In a meeting Thursday night between Jahi 's family and doctors , attorney Dolan said the girl 's mother pleaded with doctors to insert a feeding tube , keep her on a ventilator through Christmas and give the family 48 hours ' notice should doctors decide to take Jahi off of life-support . In their written response to the family 's court motion Friday , attorneys for the hospital said Children 's Hospital and Research Center Oakland had "  no duty to continue mechanical ventilation or any other medical intervention for its deceased minor patient Jahi McMath . " "  Ms. McMath is deceased as a result of an irreversible cessation of all functions of her entire brain , including her brain stem , " the response said , adding , "  Tragically , Ms. McMath is dead and can not be brought back to life . " Attorney Dolan said the family was told by hospital officials Thursday that it was "  time to come to a consensus about terminating life support . " The attorney said the family was told , in effect , "  She is morally and legally dead , dead , dead . " Hospital officials have publicly called on the family to allow them to discuss Jahi 's case , citing patient privacy laws that currently prevent them from disclosing information . "  Our hearts go out to the family and friends of Jahi McMath . This is a tragic situation , " Dr , David Durand , the hospital 's chief of pediatrics , said in a statement . "  We want the public to know that the family has not permitted us to discuss the medical situation . We implore the family to allow the hospital to openly discuss what has occurred and to give us the necessary legal permission -- which it  the family  has been withholding -- that would bring clarity , and we believe , some measure of closure and deeper understanding of this medical case , " the statement read . Jahi 's uncle , Omari Sealey told CNN that the girl 's mother wanted to keep Jahi on life support but hospital representatives informed them that long-term life support was not an option . Hospital spokeswoman Melinda Krigel said that the hospital has no policy about terminating life support . "  We work with the family to determine when that will happen , " she said in an e-mail . "  There are instances when the coroner may request termination , but we always work with the family to respect their wishes . " Attorney Dolan said McMath 's family has repeatedly asked doctors for the release of Jahi 's medical records so he can hire an independent physician to determine whether she is legally dead . "  Their response has been , ` It 's not our policy while providing care , ' " said Dolan . In a statement , Children 's Hospital denied the family 's assertion . "  Jahi 's family has the same access to our medical records as the family of any patient at Children 's . All families have the right to review the record while the patient is in the hospital , and have access to the entire record after the hospitalization has ended . " Dolan said court intervention was the only remedy to prevent doctors from terminating the life support . CNN 's Mariano Castillo , Tom Watkins and Mayra Cuevas contributed to this report .	NEW : The family of Jahi McMath wins a temporary restraining order The 13-year-old is on life support Doctors declared her brain dead after undergoing a tonsillectomy
Princeton , New Jersey  CNN  -- In the aftermath of 9/11 , Americans were angry , fearful and scrambling for answers . In the days that followed the terrorist attacks , President George W. Bush and Congress prepared their response , starting to work on stronger counterterrorism measures and preparing for a war in Afghanistan , where the Taliban had housed al Qaeda networks for many years . A few Americans turned their rage against Muslims who were living in the United States . Within a few days , Muslims , as well as individuals mistakenly perceived to be Muslims , were attacked . The Sikh owner of a gas station in Mesa , Arizona , was killed by a man who went on to shoot a Lebanese clerk at another gas station . Near Dallas , Texas , a man shot and killed a 46-year old Pakistani who owned a small grocery store . In Cleveland , Ohio , a man drove a Ford Mustang right through an Islamic center . Nine years after 9/11 , there is a lot for Americans to contemplate as they look back . Although people have focused a lot of attention on Bush 's appearance before a group of New York firefighters at ground zero , another highly significant moment took place on September 17 . That day , at the Islamic Center in Washington , the president delivered a powerful message about the need to keep America 's response to 9/11 from turning into a war against Muslims . This message was as important to his war on terrorism as the strategy of regime change , or pre-emptive war . Unfortunately , this is a principle that has been slowly and dangerously undermined in recent weeks as a result of the controversy over a proposed Islamic cultural center and mosque a few blocks from ground zero . Speaking at an emotionally charged moment , just six days after the attacks , Bush told the audience that it was vital for Americans to understand that the terrorists did not represent the Muslim tradition . "  Those who feel like they can intimidate our fellow citizens to take out their anger do n't represent the best of America ; they represent the worst of humankind , and they should be ashamed of that kind of behavior , " Bush said . The president reiterated his firm commitment to protecting the constitutional rights and honoring the important role of the Muslim community in the United States . In no uncertain terms , Bush said : "  The face of terror is not the true faith of Islam . That 's not what Islam is all about . Islam is peace . These terrorists do n't represent peace . They represent evil and war . " America , he said , "  counts millions of Muslims amongst our citizens , and Muslims make an incredibly valuable contribution to our country . Muslims are doctors , lawyers , law professors , members of the military , entrepreneurs , shopkeepers , moms and dads . " Many Muslim leaders were impressed by the president 's speech as well as by how most Americans were responding to the trauma . "  Americans have shown great maturity , " Sayyid Syeed , the secretary general of the Islamic Society of North America , told the media . He reported the calls he was receiving expressing support for his community greatly outweighed the hate crimes . Over the coming years , Bush stuck with the argument that he made on September 17 . While Bush would come under criticism for many aspects of his war on terrorism -- including policies such as the use of interrogation tactics that critics called torture -- he continued to be very clear in his defense of Muslims . The president returned to the Islamic Center on June 2007 , reminding his audience of his earlier speech : "  We gather , with friendship and respect , to reaffirm that pledge -- and to renew our determination to stand together in the pursuit of freedom and peace . We come to express our appreciation for a faith that has enriched civilization for centuries . " Bush 's philosophy is now under fire . In response to the proposal to build an Islamic center near ground zero in New York City , a heated national debate has unfolded about Muslims in America . While some focused their criticism on whether this was a proper project so close to the site of the attacks , many others turned it into a different kind of discussion . Some national Republican leaders , including Sarah Palin and Newt Gingrich , have made provocative comments , helping to make it a national issue . Gingrich warned of the "  radical Islamists " he said were behind the project , comparing it to Nazis putting up a sign next to the Holocaust Museum in Washington . At the local level , the debate has taken an even more dangerous turn . A Florida pastor , Terry Jones , announced he would burn copies of the Quran . Even when he came under criticism from a broad spectrum of leaders , including Gen. David Petraeus , he did not at first desist . Rather than listening , he said , "  Maybe it 's time to send a message to radical Islam that we will not tolerate their behavior . " Palin did condemn the pastor by tweeting that "  book burning is antithetical to American ideals , " but then tied the two issues together when she went on to say that "  people have a constitutional right to burn a Koran if they want to , but doing so is insensitive and an unnecessary provocation -- much like building a mosque at ground zero . " Although the pastor agreed to cancel the Quran burning after a call from Secretary of Defense Robert Gates warning it would put American lives at risk , the incident stoked the fires of hatred . If this kind of inflammatory rhetoric continues , it will erode a central and crucial principle in the war on terrorism . It also contradicts the nation 's constitutional and pluralistic traditions -- the very traditions we want to defend from terrorism -- while doing irreparable harm abroad . When Bush spoke at the Islamic Center , he took a pivotal step in defining how he wanted to defend the nation and go about punishing the aggressors who killed thousands of civilians . His message can not be forgotten . Should local and national debate move in a different direction , we will be paying the cost as a nation for decades to come by destroying our image in the Muslim world , thus playing into the hands of the terrorists . We 'd be abandoning the very best ideals that our country has to offer . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Julian E. Zelizer .	After 9/11 , a few Americans lashed out at innocent Muslims Julian Zelizer : President George W. Bush rightly condemned such attacks at the time He says that principle has been ignored by some GOP politicians Zelizer : Attacking Islam is at odds with U.S. Constitution and key values nation is seeking to defend
CNN  -- Sochi has been preparing for an Olympics invasion -- but perhaps it did n't expect a former Soviet soldier to be leading the charge . At least on this occasion , Sandis Ozolins was n't armed with a Kalashnikov rifle when he marched into Russia . This time , the 41-year-old skated into Sochi holding the Latvian flag and an ice hockey stick -- not to mention the memories of a Stanley Cup triumph in his bag . Not bad for a man who only realized he 'd been given the opportunity of a lifetime to become a star in the glitz and glamor of the National Hockey League while serving in the Soviet army back in 1991 . "  Somebody came with the newspaper and showed me , " Ozolins tells CNN 's Human to Hero series of his time in the barracks . "  I had no idea I was going to be drafted -- I did n't know what the draft was . That came as a big surprise again and the team was the first-year team in the NHL , San Jose Sharks . "  I did n't even know where it was ! I thought it was somewhere in Latin America -- my association was completely off ! "  Then afterward when I found out what the draft meant and I found out who the team was , I started realizing , ` OK , this is something happening . ' "  What 's going to happen ? How is this all going to work out ? I had no clue but it worked out pretty good for me . " To say it worked out "  pretty good " would be an understatement given Ozolins ' achievements . During a 15-year U.S. career , he won the NHL 's biggest prize -- the Stanley Cup -- with the Colorado Avalanche and played in seven NHL All-Star Games . Ozolins scored 167 goals in 875 NHL appearances and made 397 assists with franchises also including Carolina Hurricanes , Florida Panthers , Mighty Ducks of Anaheim and New York Rangers . It was at Colorado where Ozolins enjoyed his most successful time . Top of his achievements was helping the Avalanche defeat Florida Panthers in the 1996 final of the Stanley Cup -- a series which his side won in emphatic fashion 4-0 . Even now , some 18 years later , the memory of that day remains fresh , although his memento of the day , his winner 's ring , has since managed to disappear . "  That was the peak of the whole thing and , of course , I was young and I thought it 's going to continue like that for many , many years , " recalls Ozolins . "  I thought I was going to have a whole collection of these Stanley Cups but in reality , it worked out a little bit different . " Ozolins suffered heartbreak the following year when the Avalanche was defeated in the Conference playoff final by Detroit Red Wings . After starting skating at the age of five , it was not until he was 15 that the lure of ice hockey become irresistible . A number of appearances for the Soviet junior national side followed before army service intervened . From there it was on to America , where his early success ended up earning Ozolins a $ 25 million deal with Carolina Hurricanes in 2000 . However , he failed to shine in Carolina and moved on to Florida Panthers in January 2002 before ending up at Anaheim Ducks 12 months later . He reached the 2003 Stanley Cup Finals but the Ducks lost 4-3 to the New Jersey Devils , then a serious knee injury wrecked his time in California and he was traded to the New York Rangers in March 2006 . It was there that his off-rink problems began -- he was forced to enter the league 's substance abuse program after being found guilty of driving under the influence of alcohol . After taking a year out to deal with his demons , he took up a 12-month deal in a return to San Jose -- but after that rejected the chance to play a further season with the Los Angeles Kings , and instead returned to Latvia in 2009 . But that was not to prove the end of his career -- far from it . "  I took a year off in hockey and basically , I thought I was retired , " he recalls . "  That 's how I understood it but it turned out that I only took a year off and then the general manager of Dinamo Riga gave me a call and asked when I was thinking about coming home and playing for the team . "  I told him , ` Give me two weeks , I 'll let you know . ' So during those two weeks , I started training again and I wanted to see if I wanted to play . "  I wanted to play on a level where I would n't just be a mascot on a team but able to contribute on the ice . "  After two weeks I said , ` OK , I can do it , ' and it was like coming home . That 's where I began my career , my professional career . It 's my childhood , this is my home . " Now back playing in the Kontinental Hockey League with Dinamo Riga , Ozilins is hoping to help his home country impress on the international stage . As a true veteran of the game , this may be the final time he gets to compete in front of billions watching across the globe . Latvia is not expected to challenge for a medal at the Sochi Games but the opportunity to appear at the Olympics for a third time is something which Ozolins says he will relish for the rest of his life -- especially after being Latvia 's flag bearer at last week 's opening ceremony . "  For us to go to Sochi , I only realized when we qualified how much it meant not just to us but also for the people that were at the arena and the whole country , " he says . "  We 're going to have all these experiences , Olympic experiences . It 's indescribable how much energy you get from that . "  Being with the best winter athletes in the world at the time , in the same village , eating lunch next to figure skaters , skiers or bobsled teams , it 's -- especially for younger guys but even for me -- it 's so much . "  If winning trophies and cups on a club level is one thing , then Olympics is more of a national pride . It 's more being there for your country and representing your country . "	Sandis Ozolins carried the Latvian flag at the Sochi Games Won 1996 Stanley Cup with Colorado Avalanches Played in a total of 875 NHL games , scoring 167 goals Will captain the Latvian team at his third Olympic Games
Washington  CNN  -- The U.S. government on Wednesday imposed its first fine on an international carrier for keeping passengers aboard a plane during an extended ground delay , slapping a $ 150,000 penalty on Pakistan International Airlines . The Transportation Department said the airline violated its time limit for overseas flights held on the tarmac for weather , mechanical or other problems . They must give passengers a chance to exit the aircraft after four hours in most cases . "  Passengers deserve to be treated with respect when they fly , and DOT 's tarmac delay rules were put into place to ensure that they receive that respect , " Transportation Secretary Ray LaHood said in a statement . PIA Flight 711 was enroute to New York 's John F. Kennedy airport from Manchester , England , when diverted to Washington 's Dulles airport last October 29 due to inoperable instrument landing equipment in New York , which had been hit by a surprise snowstorm . The plane sat on the tarmac for nearly five hours , according to transportation officials , who alleged PIA made no effort to let passengers off or ask airport officials for help . The captain and first officer got off the plane and inspected the aircraft , the agency said . But passengers were not given the opportunity to leave because the airline thought the bad weather was too risky for them to exit via stairs . Compounding the airline 's concerns were multiple passengers in wheel chairs and small children who were aboard . The surprise snowstorm stranded passengers throughout the Northeast on a number of domestic airlines , including several flights that tested federal ground delay rules . A consumer protection regulation established in 2010 under pressure from consumer advocates and Congress requires domestic airlines to give passengers a chance to deplane if a ground delay exceeds three hours . The rule was extended last year for international flights , imposing a four-hour limit . Airlines have dramatically cut lengthy ground delays since the rules were finalized as carriers will now cancel flights rather than risk fines . The rules allow exceptions for security or safety .	Transportation Department fine is first against international airline for long ground delay Pakistan International Airlines flight diverted due to freak October storm in Northeast Crew concerned letting passengers off plane in bad weather was too risky
New York  CNN  -- The suspect in the Times Square bombing attempt was caught as he was seeking to flee to Pakistan , a nation that analyst Fareed Zakaria calls the "  epicenter of Islamic terrorism . " "  It 's worth noting that even the terrorism that 's often attributed to the war in Afghanistan tends to come out of Pakistan , to be planned by Pakistanis , to be funded from Pakistan or in some other way to be traced to Pakistan , " said Zakaria . He added that Pakistan 's connection with terrorist groups goes back decades and has often been encouraged by that nation 's military for strategic reasons . Faisal Shahzad , a 30-year-old naturalized citizen of Pakistani descent , had recently been trained in bomb making in Pakistan 's Waziristan province , according to a federal complaint filed in court Tuesday . CNN reported Tuesday that Faisal Shahzad 's father is a retired vice-marshal in the Pakistani Air Force . Shahzad was arrested around 11:45 p.m. ET Monday at New York 's John F. Kennedy International Airport just before he was to fly to Islamabad , Pakistan , by way of Dubai . Zakaria , author and host of CNN 's "  Fareed Zakaria GPS , " spoke to CNN on Tuesday . Here is an edited transcript : CNN : Based on what we know so far , what lessons can be learned from this incident ? Fareed Zakaria : This does not seem to be part of a larger and more organized effort to penetrate the United States . That does n't mean such efforts are not under way ... it does make you realize just how open we are as a country and how open we are as a society . There is always a level of vulnerability that comes from being an open society and this guy , Mr. Shahzad obviously took advantage of that openness . CNN : Apparently he traveled to Pakistan on a number of occasions . Does that signal that Pakistan is n't vigilant enough about terrorism ? Zakaria : Well it certainly signals something that we have known for a while , which is that Pakistan is the epicenter of Islamic terrorism . ... The British government has estimated that something like 80 percent of the terror threats that they receive have a Pakistani connection . So there 's no question that Pakistan has a terrorism problem . It has radical groups within the country that have the ability to recruit people and have access to resources that makes for a very combustible mixture . It should remind us that even when looking at the war in Afghanistan , ultimately the most important place where jihadis are being trained and recruited is not in Afghanistan but in Pakistan . And there 's no other part of the world where you have quite the same concentration of manpower , resources and ideology all feeding on each other . CNN : What feeds the ideology that drives the terror effort ? Zakaria : Pakistan has been conducive to this kind of jihadis for a number of reasons . For the last three or four decades , the Pakistani government , the Pakistani military has supported , funded many of these groups in a bid to maintain influence in Afghanistan , in a bid to maintain an asymmetrical capacity against India -- in other words , to try to destabilize India rather cheaply through these militant groups rather than frontally through its army . So it has found it useful to have these militant groups and to support them . It has always assumed that these groups will not attack Pakistanis and therefore was not a threat to Pakistan itself . And to a large extent that 's true , these groups by and large have attacked people in Afghanistan , India , in the West but not in Pakistan . But that is changing , because these groups are so intermingled and often sufficiently ideological , and also because the Pakistani military is beginning to take them on . But fundamentally the reason this has gone on is that there has been a policy of the Pakistani state and particularly the Pakistani military , to encourage these groups , to fund them , to ignore their most pernicious activities . And some of it goes back even further than four decades . In the 1965 war against India , the Pakistanis used Islamic jihadis ... And the great hope now is that finally the Pakistani government is getting serious about this . Frankly it remains a hope . CNN : Why do you say that it 's only a hope ? Zakaria : Over the last few years , it appears that the Pakistani government has begun to understand that these groups all meld together , that they are a threat to a stable and viable modern Pakistani state . But when I talk about the Pakistani government you have to realize that there are different elements in it . The Pakistani civilian government really does understand the danger that Islamic terrorism poses to Pakistan , but the civilian government in Pakistan appears quite powerless . Most power lies with the military . The military in Pakistan has a somewhat more complex attitude . It does believe that these militants have gone too far . It does believe that it has to take on the militants . And it has actually battled them quite bravely over the last few years . CNN : So what 's the reason for thinking the military supports militant groups ? Zakaria : It still holds within it the view that at the end of the day , the United States will leave the region and that they will have to live in a neighborhood which will have a very powerful India and an Afghanistan that is potentially a client state of India 's -- and that in order to combat this Indian domination , they need to maintain their asymmetrical capabilities , their militant groups . It is interesting to note that Ahmed Rashid , who may be the most respected Pakistani journalist , has reported on the way in which Pakistani government has thwarted and put obstacles in the way of any kind of talks between the Afghan government and the Taliban . The message it has sent to the Afghan government is very clear . If you want to have any negotiations with the Taliban , you have to understand that since we are the critical intermediary -- since the Taliban leadership all lives in Pakistan -- the Pakistani military 's terms to the Afghan government are , we want you to push back on Indian influence in Afghanistan , we want you to shut down Indian consulates in various Afghan cities . In other words , the Pakistani government is still obsessed with the idea of an Indian domination of the region , and they 're using their influence with the Taliban to try to counter Indian influence . This is the old game that the Pakistanis have played . That 's what makes me skeptical that there 's been a true strategic revolution in Pakistan ... There are still people who believe that there are good terrorists and bad terrorists , and some you can work with to further Pakistan 's goals . CNN : In the attempted car bombing in Times Square and the Christmas Day attempted bombing , you have two failed plots that do n't appear to be highly sophisticated . Does that tell us anything about the terror groups ? Zakaria : At some level , that tells you about the weakness of the terror groups . You do not have highly organized terrorist groups with great resources and capacity that are able to plan spectacular acts of terrorism the way they were in the 1990s and on 9/11 . What you have now are more isolated , disorganized lone rangers and while they 're obviously very worrying and one has to be extremely vigilant , it is also at some level a sign of the weakness of an organization like al Qaeda that it is not able to do the kind of terrorist attacks it used to . To be sure , it 's important to be very vigilant and make sure you have groups like al Qaeda on the run . But I do n't know that in a free society , you will ever be able to prevent an individual with no background in terrorism who 's broken no laws and is radicalized from attempting to make some kind of trouble .	Naturalized U.S. citizen of Pakistani descent charged in Times Square bomb probe Authorities say he received bomb training in Pakistan 's Waziristan region Fareed Zakaria says Pakistan has encouraged Islamic terrorist groups for decades Zakaria : Pakistani military sees militant groups as a weapon to prevent Indian domination
CNN  -- Ousted Egyptian President Mohamed Morsy and 132 others will face trial for escaping from prison in 2011 , state media reported Saturday . Morsy will be tried along with members of the Muslim Brotherhood and Palestinian Hamas , al-Ahram newspaper reported . He is also charged with raiding other prisons , and killing soldiers and officers in Rafah , it said . This is the latest in a series of legal woes for the deposed leader . This week , state media reported that Morsy and 35 Muslim Brotherhood members will be tried for allegedly collaborating with foreign organizations to commit terrorist acts and revealing defense secrets , according to al-Ahram . Morsy is accused of spying for the Palestinian group Hamas , which the United States classifies as a terrorist organization , and assisting in acts of terror inside Egypt , judicial sources told al-Ahram . He has been in custody since his ouster in July . He already faces charges of incitement to murder in connection with protests against his rule last year . Morsy has refused to recognize the court .	Morsy will be tried along with members of the Muslim Brotherhood and Palestinian Hamas This is the latest in a series of legal woes for the deposed leader He already faces charges of incitement to murder in connection with protests last year
CNN  -- When an epidemic occurs , getting even the most basic necessities to those in need becomes an exercise in logistics . The countries hit hardest by the Ebola epidemic -- Guinea , Liberia and Sierra Leone -- are dealing with human suffering on an unimaginable level . We have heard the stories of quarantines , medical supply shortages and dealing with the removal of the deceased . But what about the basics ? How are people in affected areas that have been isolated from the world getting necessities such as food ? The United Nations World Food Programme is the largest humanitarian agency fighting hunger in the world today , and it is dealing with that very issue . The objective is to "  prevent a health crisis from becoming a food crisis , " according to the agency . Woman saves three relatives from Ebola According to Bettina Luescher , the organization 's chief spokeswoman for North America , the WFP has provided food and assistance to more than 430,000 people affected by the Ebola crisis , feeding people for six months starting eight days after the crisis was declared in Guinea . Food distribution is ongoing in all three countries , with more food on the way . The WFP buys food from the region , for example , 7,000 metric tons of rice being transported from Benin . Luescher said rice , lentils , cooking oil and rations are being distributed , food for hospital patients is cooked by partner organizations , and quarantined populations get the food and take it home to prepare . On the ground , aid workers explain how people should line up for food . They wear protective suits and use megaphones to avoid contact , out of basic safety precautions . "  On the food front , there is tension and nervousness but not panic , " said Martin Penner , a WFP public information officer and one of the agency 's members in Monrovia , Liberia . "  People are happy to see the food . Ebola is affecting the economy . ... People are finding it hard to get the food they need . " Penner says officials will know more in the coming weeks about yield as they enter harvest season for the two main crops , rice and maize . Currently , he says , food can be found in the local markets , but often , people ca n't afford to buy it . The price of cassava  a root vegetable that is a major staple food in many countries  increased by 150 % in the first weeks of August , according to a report by the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations . "  These are areas where some families spend 75 % of their income on food on a regular basis , " Penner said . The organization also says labor shortages will impact the cropping season , despite favorable rain conditions this year . "  With the main harvest now at risk and trade and movements of goods severely restricted , food insecurity is poised to intensify in the weeks and months to come . The situation will have long-lasting impacts on farmers ' livelihoods and rural economies , " Bukar Tijani , FAO regional representative for Africa , said in a statement . Battling Ebola : Two doctors for a county of 85,000 people As the U.N. 's logistics experts , "  we do more than food . We have started an air bridge with planes and helicopters to fly aid workers to help the people who are really desperate , " Luescher said . The World Food Programme is 100 % voluntarily funded by governments , companies and private donors . The World Health Organization says more than 3,000 people have died from the virus since March . The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention estimates that by the end of January , there could be 1.4 million Ebola cases . For ways to help , go to CNN Impact Your World . CNN 's Sarah LeTrent contributed to this report .	More than 3,000 people have died from the Ebola virus since March Guinea , Liberia and Sierra Leone have been hit hardest The United Nations World Food Programme is feeding people in affected areas Workers use megaphones and "  air bridges " to avoid contamination
Princeton , New Jersey  CNN  -- Christine O'Donnell shocked the political establishment last week with her victory in the Republican Senate primary in Delaware against Rep. Mike Castle . Like most Tea Party activists , O'Donnell has embraced the anti-Washington rhetoric that has been popular among congressional candidates in the current political climate . She and other conservatives have criticized fellow Republicans , like Castle , for having become too comfortable in the nation 's capital , too willing to work through the normal political process and to compromise on core principles . "  The people of Delaware have spoken . No more politics as usual , " she said upon declaring victory . This kind of anti-Washington rhetoric usually works well on the campaign trail , but it tends to vanish once a candidate is elected and starts the new job . Ever since Vietnam and Watergate shook public confidence in our government institutions , many Democrats and Republicans have defined themselves in opposition to the very job that they hope to win . In most of these cases , they have then abandoned their own ideals after being confronted with the realities of governing . Most recently , Barack Obama won the presidency with a campaign that emphasized change and rejected a political system that he said was broken . During the Democratic primaries , Obama had differentiated himself from Sen. Hillary Clinton by blasting her for an "  Inside the Beltway " mentality , depicting her as someone who , like her husband , was too willing to cut deals and too cozy with the interest groups that lurk on K Street . Yet President Obama dropped most of his reform agenda soon after entering office . When pushing for signature legislation such as health care and financial regulation , the administration and Congress cut deals with the interest groups he once derided . Democrats and Republicans have continued to scramble for private dollars to fund their campaigns . The political process looks very much the same in 2010 as it did in 2008 . The Republican freshmen who took control of Congress in 1994 with similar promises also came to adapt to the ways of Washington . After the shutdown of the federal government that resulted from the budget standoff with President Clinton , many of the freshmen tempered their outlook as they compromised on issues such as Medicare . They also mastered the parliamentary procedures they once decried and developed ties with interest groups to advance their agenda . By 2006 , the Republicans , who in their "  Contract with America " had promised to "  transform the way Congress works , " looked very much like the establishment . The political process is more than a backdrop to decision-making . The process constrains what politicians can and ca n't do . For example , the fact that the campaigns are financed with private money ensures that lobbyists and interest groups wield influence . Unless Congress passes government reforms such as publicly financed elections to change that process , Tea Party politicians will either have to deal with it or languish . Furthermore , the separation of power and the nature of the legislative process require compromise to achieve legislation . It is misguided to condemn politicians for practicing a quintessentially American political art . The president and Congress must agree on legislation , other than rare moments when there is a super-majority to override a veto . The internally fragmented House and Senate must also reach agreement through a deliberative process filled with procedural traps such as the filibuster . A Tea Party Republican can complain all he or she wants about compromise , but on Capitol Hill , a new member of Congress is unlikely to get anything done without cutting a deal . Finally , voters in both red and blue states depend on federal spending . Although Tea Party candidates castigate earmarks , government spending and pork barrel politics , all of those who are victorious will represent constituencies profoundly affected by the money that Congress allocates every year . In Alaska , the political birthplace of Sarah Palin and the scene of another recent Tea Party victory , the state has depended on federal dollars for jobs and infrastructure . Indeed , the Southern and Western states , which have been the home to the conservative movement since the 1970s , have depended on military contracts since the Cold War as a pillar of their economy . Voters should be extremely skeptical about the kinds of promises that candidates such as O'Donnell are making . They have seen this movie before , and they know how it ends . In the end , voters should pay less attention to the anti-Washington rhetoric and take a closer look at the specific policies that these candidates hope to pursue . Doing so will allow voters to make a more realistic assessment of what their victories would mean for the nation . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Julian E. Zelizer .	Julian Zelizer says anti-D.C . candidates promise to change the ways of the capital He says President Obama did n't deliver the political reform he promised Republicans elected in 1994 also abandoned anti-Washington promises , he says Zelizer : Getting things done in Washington requires compromise
CNN  -- A man who claims he is the father of a baby found in a South Carolina toilet said he doubts the explanations about why the recently arrested mother left the newborn in a commode . Jessica Blackham was arrested and charged in connection with the discovery of her newborn son in the toilet of a South Carolina arena , Greenville Police Chief Terri Wilfong said . In a recent court hearing , Blackham 's parents said they did not know that she was pregnant and it was implied that Blackham may not have known that she was pregnant . Blackham told police that she can not remember what happened after she went into the bathroom at the arena when she was attending a circus . Jason Jones , who said he dated Blackham , told HLN 's Nancy Grace that he doubted that story . "  As far as being her not knowing she was pregnant , that 's a bunch of bull crap , " Jones told Grace Wednesday . "  She wrote on her Facebook that she was at one time having morning sickness and a bunch of headaches , and I commented and asked her was she pregnant , and she told me not to worry about it . That she would take care of it . " A custodian discovered the infant , thought then just to be around an hour old , late Friday at Greenville 's BI-LO Center . The baby was rushed to the hospital and police searched for the mother for days making public appeals and sifting through videotape taken in and around the restroom . Wilfong said Wednesday that the baby was making progress at the hospital . "  He 's doing well . He 's in stable condition , and we 're very thankful for that . And each day , he 's getting better , " Wilfong said . Blackham was charged with felony child abuse and unlawful neglect , CNN affiliate WYFF reported . She was released on bond after the court hearing , the affiliate reported . No one has been named as the father of the child , but Jones said he has contacted police and wants to take a DNA test .	A newborn baby is in a South Carolina hospital after being left at an arena Police say the newborn was found after a circus show in Greenville The mother of the child has been arrested and released on bond
Kirkuk , Iraq  CNN  -- Three U.S. soldiers detailed the shooting death of their platoon leader for an Iraqi judge Sunday in an effort to preserve a case that will be tried months after U.S. troops have left the country . It is one of a number of cases in recent months where a U.S. military attorney and an Iraqi prosecutor have worked together to bring charges against those accused of targeting American troops , though it is one of the first murder cases to be brought before a judge just weeks ahead of the U.S. pullout from Iraq . "  Today , we came to court to preserve the testimony of soldiers in a pending criminal case that will be tried in an Iraqi court , and we bring the testimony today because the American forces are going to be gone soon , " Army Maj. Franklin D. Rosenblatt , an attorney working on the case , told CNN . The U.S. military took the step of having American soldiers provide testimony because "  we are no longer going to be able to show up here in the court , " Rosenblatt said . The November 3 shooting of 1st Lt. Dustin D. Vincent -- one of the last U.S. casualties in the more-than-eight-year Iraq war -- was chronicled by insurgents who captured the sniper shooting on video and posted it online . Inside a crowded courthouse , one of the soldiers who was with the 25-year-old Vincent the day he was killed told the investigative judge that a "  few days later a video was posted that claimed the killing of the 1st lieutenant , and it shows the same location we were that day . " The video , which was played for the judge , was set to music and showed what appeared to be a soldier on the top of an armored vehicle , at a distance from the camera . On his back , which was to the camera , was a superimposed sniper 's crosshair cursor . Then there is the sound of a gunshot , and the soldier drops from view . His comrades testified that Vincent , of Mesquite , Texas , was killed when his convoy stopped in Kirkuk 's volatile al-Wasiti district , a mixed Sunni-Turkomen neighborhood in the northern Iraqi city . The convoy stopped to fix an electrical cable on the top of one of Vincent 's armored vehicles -- "  Then we heard a shot , " one of the soldiers told the judge . Two of the soldiers testified they got out of their armored vehicle to aid Vincent , who was shot in the upper right portion of his chest . "  He was wearing a vest , but it hit the upper side of the vest , " the same soldier said . Later , the soldiers said , they were told Iraqi police apprehended a suspect . The American soldiers who testified are still carrying out missions in Iraq and are not being identified at the request of the U.S. military . Rosenblatt asked to submit the case to the court on behalf of the U.S. Army . The Iraqi prosecutor , who also asked not to be identified as a security precaution , said the case against the suspected sniper could take up to seven months before it is decided by the court . In addition to the testimony of the soldiers and the video , the prosecutor told CNN other evidence was presented to the judge . "  We told the judge that we have witnesses and a secret witness , and we will try to bring him to court as soon as possible , " the prosecutor said . It was not clear who the additional witnesses were , and the prosecutor did not identify them out of a concern for their safety . The U.S. military has successfully pressed for the prosecution of four people who have been convicted in recent months of targeting U.S. personnel at Contingency Operating Site , the American base on the outskirts of Kirkuk , with rockets or roadside bombs . "  I think in Kirkuk , it 's a big step that at least they allow us to come here to the courthouse , and here we have seen some real results lately , " Rosenblatt said . "  They have been willing to take on the cases of the terrorists who have attacked the U.S. troops , and I think that is a real good sign . " Vincent is the second American soldier to be killed in Kirkuk in a little more than a month . A rocket attack in late September killed Spc. Adrian Mills , 23 , of Newnan , Georgia , and wounded at least four others . While violence has fallen off across much of Iraq , bombings and shootings are a near-daily occurrence in the disputed city , which is home to nearly a third of the country 's oil reserves . Kirkuk is populated by ethnic Kurds , Arabs and Turkomen . Tensions among the groups run high in the city , to which the Iraqi government in Baghdad and the semi-autonomous Kurdish region have both laid claim .	A sniper killed 1st Lt. Dustin Vincent in Kirkuk in early November The case against a suspect could take seven months U.S. troops are scheduled to be out before then A military lawyer praises Iraqis for bringing cases to court
CNN  -- Vote counting was under way Tuesday in the Democratic Republic of Congo after millions went to the polls in the giant nation 's second postwar election amid logistical challenges . Voting was extended for a second day Tuesday in some polling stations that experienced delays , including in the capital , which had heavy police presence . In polling stations that opened on time , election workers were counting the votes . Citizens lined up Monday to vote in the presidential and parliamentary polls nationwide . In the capital of Kinshasa , citizens waded through muddy roads to cast their votes in an election that has sparked tension in the central African nation . "  Some had traveled for days using motorcycle taxis and bicycles to reach polling stations , " said Herman Nzeza , the Congo representative of FreeFair DRC , a nonpartisan group that raises awareness of the election . "  That 's why it was even more frustrating for them to get there and find their names missing . Some were being sent to other polling stations to find their names ... I saw women carrying babies walking in the mud to get to the next polling stations . " With more than 30 million voters , thousands of polling stations and lack of paved roads and basic infrastructure , Congo 's elections were a logistical nightmare . Issues included tardy election workers and blackouts at the end of the day despite extended vote hours , said Nzeza , who visited polling stations in the capital . "  We do n't know what was happening to the ballots when the lights were off , " he said . There were also claims of ballot stuffing and the denial of poll access to registered voters in some areas , according to FreeFair DRC . Nzeza said his organization got reports of three deaths in Katanga over election-related chaos , and was working to get more information . Stacks of ballots with long lists of the more than 18,000 people running for 500 parliamentary seats was also a challenge for the nation whose majority citizens do n't have access to education . The presidential and parliamentary polls are critical in the central African nation struggling to rebuild years after a conflict left millions dead and displaced entire regions . Incumbent Joseph Kabila , who took over after his father died in 2001 and was elected in Congo 's first democratic election five years later , is one of 11 presidential contenders . Supporters of leading opposition candidate , Etienne Tshisekedi , have vowed to take to the streets in protest if the polls are not fair . "  This is our version of the Arab uprising ... we want him  the incumbent  out . This country is rich in resources , but we have turned into world spectators . This frustration has lasted too long , " said Paul Efambe , 42 , who lives in the capital Kinshasa . Fraud allegations started before the vote . The opposition maintains that the leader of the electoral commission was picked by Kabila and thus can not conduct a fair election , said Albert Moleka , a spokesman for Tshisekedi . Tshisekedi 's party had called for delayed poll , saying the government does not have adequate resources to meet the election needs . "  No country is perfect , but we should be able to conduct organized elections . We should respect the rights of the Congolese to have good elections , and our country does not have the facilities -- even roads -- to do that , " he said . Analysts fear the election outcome could plunge the nation into chaos again years after a 1998-2003 conflict that left 5 million dead as a result of fighting , diseases and starvation . Clashes have erupted in days leading up to the vote , with at least two people killed when supporters of the two frontrunners hurled rocks at one another Saturday , Human Rights Watch said . Stability in Congo -- which borders nine mostly vulnerable countries -- is vital to Africa 's Great Lakes region . The years of war affected at least six neighboring nations , some of which are still battling rebel movements spawned during the conflict . Despite Congo 's vast resources including cobalt , gold , copper and tantalum , the fledgling democracy is mired in poverty and conflict especially in its eastern region , a hot spot for the so-called "  conflict minerals " that activists say are used to fund rebel movements in the area . Results are scheduled to be announced on December 6 .	In the capital of Kinshasa , voters wade through muddy roads to cast their votes Logistical problems include tardy election workers and blackouts at polling stations Clashes have erupted in days leading up to the vote Results are scheduled to be announced on December 6
A suicide attack in the Afghan capital , Kabul , on Thursday morning killed five people and wounded 33 others , including at least four children , said Hashmat Stanikzai , a police spokesman said . An explosive-laden car was detonated as a foreign embassy convoy was passing in the 9th District police zone , said Interior Ministry spokesman Sediq Sediqi . The UK Foreign Office said two of those killed worked for the British Embassy . One of the dead was a British national , a civilian security team member , and the second was an Afghan national working for the embassy , Foreign Secretary Philip Hammond said in a statement . A second British member of the security team was injured , he said . "  I condemn this appalling attack on innocent civilians supporting our diplomatic activity , " Hammond said . "  This outrage brings home to us once again the courage and perseverance of the people of Afghanistan and members of the international community who support them , who have lived together through decades of conflict . " British security firm G4S confirmed in a statement that the security workers caught up in the blast were its staff and offered its condolences to their families and friends . "  An investigation into the incident is under way and therefore we are unable to comment further at this time , " it said . "  Next of kin have been informed and we will continue to provide them with support . " Police in Kabul had earlier said that at least one British diplomat was killed after a large explosion damaged a convoy of foreign embassy cars in the capital . The Taliban have claimed responsibility for the attack . Pictures from Mustafa Deveci , a witness at the scene , showed at least five vehicles damaged at the site of the blast with their windows blown out . In a separate incident , armed insurgents attacked the office of a nonprofit organization in Kabul late Thursday . Security forces killed two of the three attackers , Stanikzai said . A Nepalese national was injured , the police spokesman said . The Taliban issued a statement claiming responsibility for that attack , too .	In a separate incident , insurgents attacked a nonprofit organization in Kabul Security firm G4S says Briton killed in the blast was one of its staff Another victim was an Afghan national working at the British Embassy , UK says The Taliban claim responsibility for the suicide attack
CNN  -- The Washington state Liquor Control Board on Wednesday banned the sale of alcoholic energy drinks after a group of college students got sick from consuming a drink nicknamed "  blackout in a can . " The ban , which takes effect November 18 , follows the October hospitalization of nine underage Central Washington University students who said they got sick after drinking "  Four Loko , " a caffeinated malt liquor . Some of the students also mixed the canned drinks with other alcohol , including vodka , police reported . Washington state Attorney General Rob McKenna has called for federal food regulators to ban the beverages , which he said "  have such high levels of stimulants that people have no idea how inebriated they really are . " But Four Loko 's manufacturer , Phusion Projects of Chicago , Illinois , said the drink is "  just as safe as any other alcoholic beverage " when used responsibly . The company said it was "  extremely disappointed " by the ban , which it said was "  based on misguided information and does not address the issue at hand . " "  If the true concern was to preserve the public health , safety , and general welfare , this ban would also address caffeinated liquor products , which contain three to four times as much alcohol as our products , " Phusion said in a written statement . "  Instead , under this ban , these products will remain legal and accessible to the same subset of the population that chose not to consume our products responsibly , sold in stores where existing alcohol laws can continue to be ignored , and abused alongside the same types of alcohols and other illicit substances that contributed to the incident at Central Washington University earlier this year . " The company called the Central Washington University incident "  disturbing and unacceptable , " but said the liquor board 's move does nothing to address the "  ongoing challenge " of underage drinking among college students . And it said the board ignored its normal procedures , depriving affected businesses "  any opportunity to be heard . " In an earlier statement , Phusion said Four Loko has about the same amount of alcohol as wine or some craft beers and roughly the same amount of caffeine as a cup of coffee from the Starbucks chain . The incident that led to the ban took place in Roslyn , Washington , in early October . Police concluded that none of the students was drugged or given alcohol without their knowledge , according to a school statement , but the findings convinced university President James Gaudino to ban "  alcohol energy drinks " from his campus . "  We need to make sure that we 're sending a strong message to students about the dangers of alcohol energy drinks and we need to know more about the way it affects health and behavior , " Gaudino said . The drinks are "  a binge-drinkers dream because the caffeine and other stimulants allow a drinker to ingest larger volumes of alcohol without passing out , " the chairman of the school 's physical education department said . "  Being able to feel the effects of tiredness , loss of coordination and even passing out or vomiting are the body 's defenses against consuming doses of alcohol that will kill you , " professor Ken Briggs said last month . "  Regardless , once the blood alcohol level reaches a certain level you can drop like a box of rocks . " CNN 's Alan Duke and Michael Martinez contributed to this report .	NEW : Manufacturer says the ban is based on "  misguided information " "  Alcohol energy drink " led to 9 students being hospitalized , police said "  Four Loko " is a "  binge-drinker 's dream , " a professor says
CNN  -- Two of Syria 's neighbors joined growing international calls Monday for Damascus to halt its violent crackdown on anti-government protesters -- calls that came even as the violence itself continued . In Jordan , the state-run Petra News Agency reported that Prime Minister Marouf Al Bakhit had urged his Syrian counterpart , Adel Safar , "  to immediately halt military operations , implement speedy reform and spare the blood of the Syrian people , expressing the kingdom 's rejection and regret over the continued killing and escalation in neighboring Syria . " Al Bakhit told Safar in a telephone call that "  such scenes " must stop , adding that "  hope still exists on the ability of our brothers in Syria to achieve this end . " "  We in Jordan await tangible and urgent measures in the near future , " he said . Similar sentiments were voiced in Ankara by Turkish Foreign Minister Ahmet Davutoglu after his recent visit to Damascus . He told reporters in a televised news conference he had asked that the Syrian military end operations immediately , withdraw from cities and meet the democratic demands of the people . "  Syrian people should know that we are on their side with regard to their legitimate democratic rights , " he said . "  We hope our voice is heard and these operations are stopped . " In Jeddah , Saudi Arabia , Turkish President Abdullah Gul met Monday with King Abdullah of Saudi Arabia and both "  underscored the significance of halting the violence the Syrian administration is resorting to against people , " Gul 's office said in a statement . Last week , King Abdullah called for an end to the bloodshed in Syria and recalled the Saudi ambassador from Damascus . Bahrain and Kuwait also have recalled their ambassadors from Syria and called on Syrian President Bashar al-Assad to end the crackdowns . The United States has stopped short of explicit calls for al-Assad to step down , but Washington has said Syria would be better off without him . The United States slapped sanctions on Syria 's largest mobile phone company and a bank , while calling for an oil and gas embargo . The international entreaties and condemnations came as more than 5,000 Palestinians were reported to have fled a U.N. refugee camp in the port city of Latakia after the camp came under fire from Syrian security forces . Some of the refugees had been asked to leave by the Syrian security forces , and some left on their own because they were afraid for their lives , said Christopher Gunness , spokesman for the U.N. Relief and Works Agency . The agency had had no communication with the refugees , and was not sure where they had gone , he said . "  We are asking the Syrian government for immediate access to the Palestinians , as their well-being is our responsibility , " Gunness told CNN . "  We need to get in there to assess the situation . " The refugee camp in Latakia normally holds 10,000 people . "  Reports from various sources indicate deaths and casualties among the Palestinian refugee population , although poor communications make it impossible to confirm the exact number of dead and injured , " the agency said Sunday . It demanded access to the area so that humanitarian workers can take care of the casualties . Also Monday , a day after opposition groups told CNN that Syrian security forces backed by gunships killed at least 25 people in a crackdown on protesters in Latakia , security forces began urging residents to evacuate or risk being arrested or killed , an activist there told CNN . Gunfire and explosions could be heard Monday , said the resident , who lives outside the al-Ramel neighborhood , which has been the focus of the military campaign . Monday was the third consecutive day that the area has had neither power nor water , he said . At one checkpoint , security forces shot at fleeing residents , killing six , the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said . Another man was killed Monday by sniper fire in the Homs province town of Al Houla , which was besieged by tanks on all sides , and pro-regime "  thugs " entered surrounding villages , it said . Government-run media have denied the claims of civilian casualties . The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights also said Monday that it had learned that in the city of Homs , relatives of a detained man received his body , which had been tortured . There have been at least 10 such deaths since the beginning of the holy month of Ramadan on August 1 , the agency said . "  The observatory holds the security forces officials who held them responsible for their death under torture and calls for their trial so they can be punished for the crimes they have committed against the Syrian people , " it said in a statement . It said more than 700 people have been taken into custody in "  random " arrest campaigns since Ramadan got under way . Violence countrywide took at least 42 lives Sunday , said one anti-government activist group , which collects lists of victims ' names . CNN can not independently verify opposition or government claims , because Syria has restricted international journalists from reporting inside the country . The crackdown in Latakia is the latest in a series of military actions , coinciding with the Muslim holy month of Ramadan , that are targeting protesters calling for free elections and the ouster of al-Assad . The Syrian Revolution Coordinators Union also reported deaths in the cities of Howlah and Hama . In all , 2,530 people have died since the uprising began in March , according to the Local Coordinating Committees of Syria . Most were civilians , while 391 belonged to Syria 's security forces , it says . CNN 's Amir Ahmed , Arwa Damon , Nada Husseini and Yesim Comert contributed to this report .	Jordan 's prime minister calls on Damascus "  to immediately halt military operations " "  We hope our voice is heard , " the Turkish foreign minister says Government-run media deny the claims of civilian casualties More than 2,500 people have died since the uprising began , activists say
United Nations  CNN  -- Three Pakistani police officers were found guilty of sexual exploitation and abuse of a 14-year-old Haitian boy while they were serving in a U.N. police mission in Haiti , a U.N. spokesman told reporters Tuesday . The three were found guilty in a court-martial proceeding conducted by Pakistani authorities in Port-au-Prince , Haiti , said the spokesman , Martin Nesirky . Pakistani authorities alerted Haitian officials to the outcome of the military procedure this month , saying that "  the guilty parties will be punished , including dishonorable discharge from service , loss of benefits and imprisonment , with the latter sentence to be served immediately on return to Pakistan . " Each is to serve a year in jail . The three were in a Pakistani-formed police unit serving in Gonaives , Haiti , as part of the United Nations Stabilization Mission in Haiti in the wake of the devastating earthquake there in January 2010 . The attack happened this January . The three officers have been sent back to Pakistan . The U.N. spokesman said the international body is in contact with Pakistani authorities to "  examine the formal details of the procedures and to ensure appropriate follow-up . " Asked by a reporter if the one-year sentence was appropriate for the crime , Nesirky responded , "  The United Nations will not comment on the terms of the punishment under the member-states , the judicial procedure . That 's obviously a matter between Pakistan and Haiti , but as we stated from the outset , the United Nations considers this to be a case of the most serious sexual exploitation and abuse . " In a separate case , five Uruguayan marines were accused last year of sexually assaulting a teenager at a U.N. base after a video was posted on the Internet . That case is still under investigation .	A court-martial was held by Pakistani authorities in Haiti The three police officers are to be imprisoned for a year in Pakistan The United Nations announces the court-martial results
CNN  -- Missionaries from Samaritan 's Purse had hoped they would n't have to become involved in the clinical care of Ebola patients in West Africa . But by June , they realized they had no choice , says Ken Isaacs , vice president of international programs and government relations for Samaritan 's Purse . The deadly Ebola virus had spread from Guinea to Liberia and Sierra Leone . At the time , nearly 400 cases and more than 200 deaths had been reported . Now there are more than 1,711 suspected and confirmed Ebola cases in the region , including 932 deaths , according to the World Health Organization , and the epidemic has spread to Nigeria . Samaritan 's Purse believes these numbers represent fewer than half of the real number of cases , Isaacs said Thursday at an emergency congressional hearing on the Ebola outbreak . "  The Ebola crisis we are now facing is not a surprise to us at Samaritan 's Purse , but it took two Americans getting the disease in order for the international community and the United States to take serious notice of the largest outbreak of the disease in history , " Isaacs said . He characterized the initial international response to the Ebola outbreak as a "  failure " because the virus spread outside the country where the outbreak originated . He said that a broader coordinated intervention is the only thing that will slow the size and speed of this disease . "  The ministries of health in Guinea , Liberia and Sierra Leone do not have the capacity to handle these crises in their countries , " Isaacs said . If the international community does not get involved , "  the world will be relegating the containment of this disease that threatens Africa and other countries to three of the poorest nations in the world . " Centers for Disease Control and Prevention Director Dr. Tom Frieden agrees that the number of people who have been infected with Ebola is likely undercounted . That 's in large part , he said at the hearing , because there are a limited number of lab facilities there to confirm the cases accurately . Ebola virus : Nine things to know about the killer disease That 's why developing a better lab system is so important , he said . The CDC is working with international partners , the U.S. Defense Department and the National Institutes of Health to bulk up the lab infrastructure in West Africa and to develop a better way to transport blood samples to those labs . What 's most important , Frieden said , is that people understand that there is a clear way to stop this outbreak -- and that 's at the source in Africa . This , he said , is the only way to get it under control . "  It 's laborious . It 's hard . It requires local knowledge and local action . " The roots of our Ebola fears Stopping the epidemic will be particularly challenging since the local health system is so weak , he said . While the CDC will send at least 50 staff in the next week or two , the health system has to be beefed up to stop and prevent future outbreaks . Frieden said that someone once told him the CDC is the world 's 911 system . While he appreciated the compliment , he wants to make sure that every country or region has its own 911 . Ebola is here : 5 reasons not to panic Dr. Ariel Pablos-MÃ © ndez , the assistant administrator for the U.S. Agency for International Development 's Bureau for Global Health , said that USAID is providing funding to help with the response to this outbreak . They are coordinating a response with local health workers and have provided 35,000 sets of protective equipment , supplies , soap and water . Many health care workers are still laboring in the region without protective gear , which is why these workers make up a large portion of Ebola cases . There was a sense of optimism at the hearing . "  We are confident we can contain and stop the virus , " said Bisa Williams , the State Department 's deputy assistant secretary for the Bureau of African Affairs . The State Department is working closely with the governments of all the countries impacted by the outbreak . They are trying to help health care providers gain access to affected areas . They are also giving technical and financial assistance to treatment centers . Williams said an international response will be essential . What is the risk of catching Ebola on a plane ? 9 questions about this new Ebola drug Experimental drug likely saved Ebola patients	Samaritan 's Purse leader : Initial response to Ebola outbreak was a "  failure " Affected African countries do n't have ability to contain the virus alone , he says CDC director says number of Ebola cases likely undercounted
EW.com  -- After two seasons of in-depth interviews with the likes of David Letterman , George Will , and David Simon of "  The Wire , " Alec Baldwin will retire his "  Here 's The Thing " podcast on WNYC in October , just as he launches his new talkshow on MSNBC . The Hollywood Reporter claimed that Baldwin was open to continuing but that WNYC lacked the funding to keep the podcast afloat , and a source close to Baldwin said that the actor might resurrect a revamped version of the podcast for MSNBC at some point in the future . In a statement , WNYC said , "  WNYC will wind down production of Here 's the Thing with Alec Baldwin this fall . The podcast series will end with a much anticipated in-depth conversation with Jerry Seinfeld . ... We wish Alec much success as he makes his transition to MSNBC . " Beginning in October , Up Late With Alec Baldwin , will air at 10 p.m. Fridays on MSNBC . See the original story at EW.com CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Alec Baldwin will end his podcast in October It 's the same month he begins his MSNBC talk show The podcast will end with an appearance from Jerry Seinfeld
Shanghai , China  CNN  With a well-paid job in finance and his own apartment , Li Lifei is living the Chinese dream . But there 's one missing ingredient -- his own car . The 26-year old has his eye on a Volkswagen Tiguan but Shanghai , like many large Chinese cities , rations license plates as it looks for a solution to its gridlocked roads and polluted skies . To register for a license plate auction , prospective car buyers like Li must put down a deposit in exchange for disc containing software they can use to bid online . The auctions take place once a month on a Saturday morning . "  I 've been trying for six months with no success , " Li told CNN . To boost his chances , Li upgraded the speed of his Internet connection from 10 to 50 mbps but to no avail . Each month there are around 10,000 license plates available . At the most recent auction on Saturday , Li said the final price was 80,600 yuan  $ 13,000  -- around three times the price of a cheap Chinese car and a third of what Li plans to spend on his SUV . It 's possible to get a temporary license , but that has to be renewed every month , and Li says he does n't want to use a huangniu , or middleman , some of whom employ hundreds of bidders to obtain the coveted registration . "  I know people who 've been trying for more than a year , " he said . Another option would be to buy a hybrid vehicle that automatically qualifies for a license plate -- a selling point not lost on the car manufacturers showing their latest models and concepts at the Shanghai Auto Show this week . Toyota , Volkswagen and Volvo all launched gasoline-electric hybrids for the Chinese market at the show , while Chinese manufacturer BYD has been an early pioneer of electric and hybrid cars . "  The infrastructure  charging stations  for electric vehicles is not quite there yet but that 's the advantage of a hybrid -- you can have both , " said Volvo CEO Hakan Samuelsson . But Chinese drivers have n't wholeheartedly embraced the concept . Even though China overtook the United States as the world 's largest car market in 2009 , sales of electric and hybrid vehicles , while increasing quickly , still lag behind the U.S. , where more than 100,000 were sold last year . And it 's thought many are sold to local authorities and state industries , which are responding to central government directives . Few Chinese have American-style garages where the vehicles can be charged overnight . Li said he thought it would be inconvenient . "  I do n't want a hybrid car . I thought maybe a Tesla but it 's too expensive , " he said , referring to the hyper luxury electric sports car developed by Elon Musk that has seen weak sales in China . For others , the hassles of buying and owning a car have become too much and some affluent city dwellers are spurning cars . Shanghai resident Lei Gu , 35 , learned to drive as a student and Microsoft employee in Seattle and loved driving her compact Geo on the open U.S. roads . But when she returned to China nine years ago , she chose not to purchase a car . "  I used to love driving but I do n't think I could drive here even if I wanted to . "  Even though we have traffic rules , people do n't follow them . I can barely cross the street . " She 's also put off by the congested traffic and the high cost of parking . If Shanghai 's extensive subway system does n't take her where she wants to go , she uses a popular Uber-like taxi app -- or rents a car . She 's not alone . A recent report by consultants Bain & Company suggested that even though China 's love affair with the car began late , it may already be souring . Of 2,137 people it surveyed , some 40 % said cars were losing their appeal as a status symbol . Gu says luxury cars like BMWs and Mercedes are still an important way to "  show face " among many of her friends . "  If you 've been working for 10 years and do n't have a car , people might wonder if you have financial problems , " she said . But she prefers to spend her money on other things like traveling abroad . "  I do care about face but there are other ways to show it . "	Many large Chinese cities ration license plates as they look for a solution to gridlocked roads and pollution It means many prospective car owners have to bid in license auctions But hybrid vehicles automatically qualify for a license plate
CNN  -- A federal court on Monday sentenced a Somali man to 30 years in prison for acts related to high-seas piracy , according to a statement by the U.S. Attorney 's office for the Eastern District of Virginia . "  Today marks the first sentencing in Norfolk for acts of piracy in more than 150 years , " U.S. Attorney MacBride said in the statement . "  Piracy is a growing threat throughout the world , and today 's sentence ... demonstrates that the United States will hold modern-day pirates accountable in U.S. courtrooms . " Jama Idle Ibrahim pleaded guilty in federal court in August , admitting he had intended to seize a U.S. merchant vessel on April 10 and hold it for ransom . Ibrahim and five other would-be pirates learned too late that they had instead pulled alongside a U.S. Naval vessel , the USS Ashland . They were captured after firing at those on board , according to the statement . The attack occurred in the Gulf of Aden between the Horn of Africa and the Arabian Peninsula . Until this year , there had not been a piracy-related conviction in the United States since 1861 , during the Civil War , officials said . In May , Abduwali Abdukhadir Muse , who was accused of leading the attack on the Maersk Alabama in April 2009 , pleaded guilty to felony counts of hijacking maritime vessels , kidnapping and hostage taking . CNN 's Terry Frieden contributed to this report	NEW : A Somali man is sentenced to 30 years in prison in high-seas piracy attempt Jama Idle Ibrahim is one of a group of would-be pirates who were captured He has admitted to trying to seize a U.S. merchant vessel and hold it for ransom Until this year , the last piracy-related conviction in the United States was in 1861
Charges against a Pennsylvania woman accused of helping her 93-year-old father to commit suicide have reignited the national debate over aid-in-dying laws . A Schuylkill County magistrate has ordered Barbara Mancini , 57 , of Pottsville to stand trial for allegedly handing her terminally ill father his prescription morphine medication , which prosecutors claim caused or assisted his suicide . At the August 1 preliminary hearing , Magistrate James K. Reiley said that prosecutors had presented enough evidence for the assisted suicide charges against Mancini , a felony that carries a maximum penalty of 10 years in prison . A county judge issued a gag order in the case before the preliminary hearing began . "  I ca n't respond . I 'm sorry , " Barbara Mancini told reporters as she left court in Pottsville . According to Mancini 's lawyer , who spoke to reporters via teleconference the day before the hearing , her father , Joe Yourshaw , was in "  unremitting " pain , suffering from numerous medical conditions including diabetes and kidney failure . His daughter , who is also a nurse , was at his home hospice bedside when he allegedly asked her to pass him his prescribed morphine . "  He chose to drink his morphine because that was the only way for him to find pain relief . That was his choice ; that was his constitutional right to do that , " attorney Frederick Finelli said . Mancini 's "  stated intention , only intention " was to help her father get relief from his pain , he said . According to the medical records noted in his autopsy report , Yourshaw went into a coma not long after taking the morphine and was found unresponsive by Barbara Klattermole , a nurse with Hospice of Central Pennsylvania . Klattermole called an ambulance and called the 911 and reported an attempted suicide . Pottsville Police Capt. Steve Durkin said in an affidavit that when he responded to the call on February 7 , Mancini opened the door . "  She told me that her father had asked her for his morphine so he could commit suicide , and she provided it . She further stated that he was on hospice care , was already dying and did not want to be taken to hospital , " he said Yourshaw , who according to Finelli had a do-not-resuscitate order and had expressed his wishes to die at home , was then taken to a hospital and revived . Mancini was arrested and charged . Fanelli told reporters that when Yourshaw awoke in the hospital , he was angry . "  He starts raising hell with everybody for Number One , why are you doing this to me and Number Two , when he sees the police there , he wants to know why are they here and what are you saying my daughter did , leave her alone ! " Yourshaw died in the hospital four days later from complications due to morphine toxicity , according to the autopsy report . Compassion & Choices , an end-of-life choice advocacy group that has been fighting for dignity-in-death laws for over 30 years , is petitioning Pennsylvania Attorney General Kathleen Kane to have the charges dropped . "  There 's no question the she acted out of compassion and love and support for her 93-year-old dying dad . The fact that she 's being charged is outrageous , " said Barbara Coombs Lee , the group 's president . "  Dying patients have a federal constitutional right to as much medicine as they need to relieve their pain , even if it advances their time of death . " While most states ban assisted suicide , aid-in-dying is permitted in Oregon , Washington , Montana and Vermont . New Jersey will review a death-with-dignity bill later this fall that would allow aid-in-dying . Medical ethicist Art Caplan supports doctor-assisted suicide with restrictions , not family assisted suicide . He said Mancini 's case has all the signs of a mercy killing . "  Your heart goes out to the family but at the same time , you 're trying to make sure that it does n't quickly turn into ` we 're encouraging you to do this ' or ` why do n't you do this ? Life would be simpler for us if you swallowed a bunch of morphine . ' It has to be regulated . " Caplan does not expect Mancini to serve jail time . Coombs Lee of Compassion & Choices agrees that it 's important to screen cases and make sure there 's no malice or self-interest involved , but "  when all the evidence and the entire family 's testimony says it was not , it should end there . " She said the case has national implications because it scares doctors and hospice workers into not giving elderly patients needed pain medicine and instead encourages them to "  save themselves , not the patient " and protect themselves against legal proceedings . Mancini is out on bail and is expected to be arraigned this fall and stand trial early next year .	Barbara Mancini is charged with helping her terminally ill father , 93 , die in February She handed him morphine , he took it and fell into a coma ; a hospice nurse called police Father was revived at a hospital as his daughter was arrested ; he died 4 days later An advocacy group is pushing the Pennsylvania attorney general to drop the charges
CNN  -- Apple rivals Google and Samsung said Friday that they have canceled the launch of a new smartphone next week to honor the death of Steve Jobs . The press announcement for the Android phone was set for Tuesday at a wireless industry trade show in San Diego , but representatives from Google and Samsung decided Thursday night , a day after the Apple co-founder 's death , that they would postpone the event , Samsung spokesman Kim Titus said in a phone interview . "  We just felt that it was n't the right time to make a major product announcement while the world is still paying tribute to Steve Jobs , " Titus said . "  There 's never been such an iconic figure in our industry pass away before . " A Google spokesman said in a statement : "  We believe this is not the right time to announce a new product as the world expresses tribute to Steve Jobs ' passing . " He added that the development is on schedule . Titus also said the product is on track and that the delay is related only to Jobs ' death . Google and Samsung were expected to showcase a new Nexus phone with a curved glass screen , which would be the first to run a next-generation version of Android called Ice-Cream Sandwich . They have not set a new date for the news conference , Titus said . Titus acknowledged that Apple and its partners are carrying on in the wake of Jobs ' death . Apple and its cellular operators began selling pre-orders for the iPhone 4S on Friday . Sprint Nextel , the newest carrier for the iPhone , announced Friday that its next-generation 4G network will debut in 120 cities by the end of next year . "  Under the current circumstances , both parties have agreed that this is not the appropriate time for the announcement of a new product , " Titus said in a statement to reporters and clients . Despite Jobs ' public disparagement of Apple rivals , executives from Google and Samsung voiced only condolences after the technology pioneer 's death . Google CEO Larry Page expressed his sadness at the news and said Jobs had always been an inspiration to him . He also revealed that a sick Jobs offered Page advice earlier this year when Page took over as CEO from Eric Schmidt , a former Apple board member . Sergey Brin said he and his co-founder , Page , had admired Jobs ' "  vision and leadership " skills . In comments on Apple earnings calls and at conferences , Jobs described Android as a flawed , fragmented system and lamented about how Google , once a close partner , decided to compete with Apple . In a string of legal disputes around the world , Apple and Samsung have traded assertions that they copied the other 's inventions , and both companies are trying to block the sale of each other 's gadgets . After Jobs ' death , Samsung CEO Choi Gee-Sung said in a statement : "  Steve Jobs introduced numerous revolutionary changes to the information technology industry and was a great entrepreneur . His innovative spirit and remarkable accomplishments will forever be remembered by people around the world . " Similar statements came from other Apple competitors that Jobs had waged public wars with in the past , including Microsoft , Nokia , Research in Motion and Sony .	Google and Samsung say they canceled an event in honor of Steve Jobs ' death The companies were set to unveil a new Android phone next week The event was planned to conincide with a wireless industry trade show
CNN  -- Airports are a major talking point , whether it 's how long you queued to check in your bags or which business class lounge has the best view of the runway . Dubai International Airport 's Terminal 3 opened in October 2008 aiming to increase the number of passengers to 60 million in 2010 . What does it take to be the best in the world ? What happens behind the scenes to ensure an airport is running like clockwork ? Richard Quest spends a day at London City Airport , from 5 am for runway inspections until 5 pm when the evening flight schedule begins . He experiences the everyday challenges from baggage handling , to cleaning onboard and even marshalling an aircraft to the stand after landing . Airport expansion : On this month 's show we also explore the contentious issue of airport expansion . UK Transport Secretary , Geoff Hoon announced that the decision to build a third runway and sixth terminal at London Heathrow Airport would be delayed until the end of January . More time was needed to consider the 70,000 responses to the Government 's consultation . Some argue that better management of European air traffic control is more of a pressing issue than airport expansion . We analyze how a single European sky could reduce delays and help airlines cut carbon dioxide emissions . Airline dedicated terminals : Richard Quest visits Emirate 's new terminal at Dubai International Airport , the most recent and world 's largest dedicated terminal . We speak to Sheikh Ahmed bin Saeed Al Maktoum , president of Dubai Airports and chairman and CEO of Emirates Airline . We also find out why Hong Kong International Airport wins Skytrax 's World 's Best Airport title for the seventh time in ten years . Watch the show with CNN 's Richard Quest at London City Airport . " New U.S. immigration laws : New immigration rules for passengers traveling to the U.S. come into force on January 12 under the Electronic System for Travel Authorization  ESTA  . Millions of citizens from the 34 visa waiver countries including much of the European Union , Japan and Australia are now required to go online and apply for travel authorization before boarding an aircraft destined for the States . We find out what the changes mean for travelers .	On January 's airport special Richard Quest spends a day at London City Airport We look into the contentious issue of airport expansion And we visit Emirate 's new dedicated terminal at Dubai International Airport
CNN  -- Moments after President Obama said a "  mix of human and systemic failures " allowed a man to try to bomb a passenger jet on Christmas Day , federal agencies said they had done all they could . "  A systemic failure has occurred , and I consider that totally unacceptable , " Obama told reporters Tuesday during his vacation in Hawaii , referring to what authorities allege was Umar Farouk AbdulMutallab 's failed attempt to blow up a Northwest Airlines plane preparing to land in Detroit , Michigan . The president said information on AbdulMutallab should have sufficed to alert authorities to prevent him from getting on the flight from Amsterdam , Netherlands . "  What already is apparent is that there was a mix of human and systemic failures that contributed to this potential catastrophic breach of security , " Obama said . "  We need to learn from this episode and act quickly to fix the flaws in our system because our security is at stake and lives are at stake . " Federal authorities have charged AbdulMutallab , 23 , of Nigeria , with trying to detonate explosives hidden in his underwear as the flight made its final approach . The device failed to fully detonate , instead setting off a fire at his seat . Obama has ordered preliminary results of an investigation into what went wrong by Thursday . However , the president said U.S. intelligence officials had received information signaling AbdulMutallab might be a terrorism threat but failed to take steps to prevent the man from boarding the flight . "  It 's been widely reported that the father of the suspect in the Christmas incident warned U.S. officials in Africa about his son 's extremist views , " Obama said . "  It now appears that weeks ago this information was passed to a component of our intelligence community but was not effectively distributed so as to get the suspect 's name on a no-fly list . " Obama cited "  other deficiencies , " saying "  there were bits of information available within the intelligence community that could have and should have been pieced together . " The airport security system created after the September 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks on the United States was "  not sufficiently up to date to take full advantage of the information we collect and knowledge we have , " Obama said . "  Had this critical information been shared , it could have been compiled with other intelligence , and a fuller , clearer picture of the suspect would have emerged , " Obama said . "  The warning signs would have triggered red flags , and the suspect would have never been allowed to board that plane for America . " Obama said that the inability to take proper action on "  information on a known extremist " showed the system had failed . Soon after Obama delivered his remarks , a reliable source told CNN 's Jeanne Meserve that AbdulMutallab 's father talked twice about his son 's extremist views with at least one CIA representative at the U.S. Embassy in Nigeria and a report was prepared , but the report was not circulated outside the agency . U.S. officials said the father , a former Nigerian banker , expressed his concerns about his son 's radicalization during two meetings and more than one telephone call with embassy officials . The information was sent to CIA headquarters in Langley , Virginia , but sat there for five weeks and was not disseminated until after the Christmas Day incident , the source said . Had that information been shared , the man might have been denied passage on the flight , the source said . An administration official who spoke on condition of anonymity said the federal government had information that , meshed with other information , "  would have allowed us to disrupt the attempted terrorist attack " before the suspect boarded the jet at Schiphol Airport in Amsterdam . "  What we have here is a situation in which the failings were individual , organizational , systemic and technological , " the official said . "  We ended up in a situation where a single point of failure in the system put our security at risk , where human error was compounded by systemic deficiencies in a way that we can not allow to continue . " But a U.S. intelligence official said that the son 's name , passport number and possible connection to extremists were indeed disseminated . The official said AbdulMutallab 's father never said his son was a planning an attack . "  The old man wanted help finding his kid , " the intelligence official said . "  If he thought he was a bona fide terrorist , and he wanted him back , the embassy in Nigeria would have been the last place to go . The U.S. does n't send terrorists home , no questions asked . I 'm not aware of anything that suddenly would have lit up the board and flagged AbdulMutallab ... as a terrorist on his way to America . But it 's the season for second-guessing , so anything goes . " The official added , "  I 'm not aware of a magic piece of intelligence -- somehow withheld -- that would have put AbdulMutallab on the no-fly list . " CIA spokesman George Little defended the agency 's actions regarding AbdulMutallab . "  We learned of him in November , when his father came to the U.S. Embassy in Nigeria and sought help in finding him , " Little said . "  We did not have his name before then . Also in November , we worked with the embassy to ensure he was in the government 's terrorist database -- including mention of his possible extremist connections in Yemen . We also forwarded key biographical information about him to the National Counterterrorism Center . " Little said the agency is reviewing data to ascertain whether more could have been done . State Department spokesman Ian Kelly said department staff did what they were supposed to have done by sending a cable to the National Counterterrorism Center in Washington about the matter . Kelly said any decision to have revoked the suspect 's visa would have been an interagency decision . But a U.S. government official said the information in the cable offered nothing specific and was just one of hundreds of such reports that the center evaluates daily . Meanwhile , in the Yemeni capital of Sanaa , authorities were questioning congregants at a mosque and students and faculty at a school attended by AbdulMutallab , the spokesman for Yemen 's Embassy to the United States said Tuesday . Mohammed al-Basha told CNN 's "  The Situation Room " that an assertion by the local al Qaeda group that AbdulMutallab 's action was in retaliation for airstrikes against them was "  unfounded " and "  most likely " propaganda , but left open the possibility links could emerge . "  I think the al Qaeda statement that came out recently saying that this is an attack in retaliation for what happened the 17th and 24th of December is unfounded , because we know that he bought the ticket a few days before that , " al-Basha said . AbdulMutallab bought his ticket from Lagos , Nigeria , to Detroit , Michigan , via Amsterdam on the day before the December 17 airstrike , Nigerian officials said . Conversations with the suspect 's former acquaintances have turned up no link to al Qaeda , al-Basha said . "  Umar , according to the questionings carried on today by his classmates and administrative officials of the school , he was a friendly person and did not ring any alarm bells , " he said . But senior Obama administration officials said Tuesday they are starting to see a link to the terrorist group . "  Some of the new information that we developed overnight does suggest that there was some linkage there , " one of the senior administration officials said . The senior administration official was referring to intelligence that White House officials obtained late Monday and then briefed Obama about on Tuesday in a secure conference call . Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula claimed responsibility for the failed bombing , calling it retaliation for what it said were U.S. airstrikes on Yemeni soil . Al-Basha said airstrikes launched against AQAP on December 17 and December 24 were launched solely by the Yemeni government , but acknowledged the United States has provided assistance since the September 11 , 2001 , attacks . U.S. officials say they have provided intelligence on AQAP targets to Yemen 's government , but wo n't say whether U.S. aircraft or drones have taken part in strikes .	NEW : Source : CIA had report on AbdulMutallab weeks before bombing attempt NEW : Source says report was n't disseminated ; CIA spokesman says info in terrorist database President : Authorities should have prevented suspect from boarding flight Man accused of attempting to detonate explosive on flight to U.S. on Christmas
CNN  -- Barcelona star Lionel Messi was named FIFA World Player of the Year in Zurich on Monday , capping a remarkable 2009 for the Argentina star . Messi helped his club side Barcelona win a historic treble of Champions League , Spanish League and Spanish Cup and at the weekend scored the winner as the Catalan giants claimed the Club World Cup trophy . Messi , who claimed the top European honor , the Ballon d'Or , earlier this month , beat off the challenge of last year 's winner Cristiano Ronaldo , Kaka of Real Madrid and fellow Barca stars Andres Iniesta and Xavi in the annual poll . The 22-year-old paid compliment to his teammates as he collected the award from FIFA president Sepp Blatter and his UEFA counterpart Michel Platini and said it was a "  great honor . " Messi added : "  A magnificent year for Barcelona has ended in the best possible way for the club and for myself . " The goalscoring winger struck in extra time as Barcelona beat Estudiantes of Argentina 2-1 on Saturday to win the Club World Cup final , the European champions ' sixth trophy of the year . He also scored the clinching second in Barca 's 2-0 win over title holders Manchester United to win the Champions League in May . Messi will be heading to next year 's World Cup with Argentina after Diego Maradona 's men scraped into the finals after struggling to qualify from South America . He had helped his country win the Olympic football gold in Beijing in 2008 and will be hoping for a revival in their fortunes in South Africa where he will look to showcase his formidable talents . Messi joined Barcelona from Newell 's Old Boys which is based in Rosario , Argentina in 2000 . In September he signed a two-year contract extension which will keep him at the club until 2016 . Brazil 's Marta was named women 's World Player of the Year , at the glittering awards night in Switzerland , which was co-hosted by CNN World Sport 's Pedro Pinto . Consolation for Ronaldo , who is now at Real Madrid , came as he picked up the FIFA Puskas award for the best goal of the 2008/09 season - his long-range effort for Manchester United against Porto in the Champions League in April .	Barcelona 's Lionel Messi named FIFA World Player of Year Argentina star has helped his club side win six trophies in 2009 Messi beats off challenge of Cristiano Ronaldo , Kaka , Xavi and Andres Iniesta in annual poll Brazil 's Marta wins women 's World Player of Year award
CNN  -- A now-retracted British study that linked autism to childhood vaccines was an "  elaborate fraud " that has done long-lasting damage to public health , a leading medical publication reported Wednesday . An investigation published by the British medical journal BMJ concludes the study 's author , Dr. Andrew Wakefield , misrepresented or altered the medical histories of all 12 of the patients whose cases formed the basis of the 1998 study -- and that there was "  no doubt " Wakefield was responsible . "  It 's one thing to have a bad study , a study full of error , and for the authors then to admit that they made errors , " Fiona Godlee , BMJ 's editor-in-chief , told CNN . "  But in this case , we have a very different picture of what seems to be a deliberate attempt to create an impression that there was a link by falsifying the data . " Britain stripped Wakefield of his medical license in May . "  Meanwhile , the damage to public health continues , fueled by unbalanced media reporting and an ineffective response from government , researchers , journals and the medical profession , " BMJ states in an editorial accompanying the work . Speaking to CNN 's "  Anderson Cooper 360 , " Wakefield said his work has been "  grossly distorted " and that he was the target of "  a ruthless , pragmatic attempt to crush any attempt to investigate valid vaccine safety concerns . " The now-discredited paper panicked many parents and led to a sharp drop in the number of children getting the vaccine that prevents measles , mumps and rubella . Vaccination rates dropped sharply in Britain after its publication , falling as low as 80 % by 2004 . Measles cases have gone up sharply in the ensuing years . In the United States , more cases of measles were reported in 2008 than in any other year since 1997 , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . More than 90 % of those infected had not been vaccinated or their vaccination status was unknown , the CDC reported . "  But perhaps as important as the scare 's effect on infectious disease is the energy , emotion and money that have been diverted away from efforts to understand the real causes of autism and how to help children and families who live with it , " the BMJ editorial states . Wakefield has been unable to reproduce his results in the face of criticism , and other researchers have been unable to match them . Most of his co-authors withdrew their names from the study in 2004 after learning he had had been paid by a law firm that intended to sue vaccine manufacturers -- a serious conflict of interest he failed to disclose . After years on controversy , the Lancet , the prestigious journal that originally published the research , retracted Wakefield 's paper last February . The series of articles launched Wednesday are investigative journalism , not results of a clinical study . The writer , Brian Deer , said Wakefield "  chiseled " the data before him , "  falsifying medical histories of children and essentially concocting a picture , which was the picture he was contracted to find by lawyers hoping to sue vaccine manufacturers and to create a vaccine scare . " According to BMJ , Wakefield received more than 435,000 pounds  $ 674,000  from the lawyers . Godlee said the study shows that of the 12 cases Wakefield examined in his paper , five showed developmental problems before receiving the MMR vaccine and three never had autism . "  It 's always hard to explain fraud and where it affects people to lie in science , " Godlee said . "  But it does seem a financial motive was underlying this , both in terms of payments by lawyers and through legal aid grants that he received but also through financial schemes that he hoped would benefit him through diagnostic and other tests for autism and MMR-related issues . " But Wakefield told CNN that claims of a link between the MMR vaccine and autism "  came from the parents , not me , " and that his paper had "  nothing to do with the litigation . " Read autism coverage on "  The Chart " blog . "  These children were seen on the basis of their clinical symptoms , for their clinical need , and they were seen by expert clinicians and their disease diagnosed by them , not by me , " he said . Wakefield dismissed Deer as "  a hit man who has been brought into take me down " by pharmaceutical interests . Deer has signed a disclosure form stating that he has no financial interest in the business . Dr. Max Wiznitzer , a pediatric neurologist at Rainbow Babies & Children 's Hospital in Cleveland , said the reporting "  represents Wakefield as a person where the ends justified the means . " But he said the latest news may have little effect on those families who still blame vaccines for their children 's conditions . "  Unfortunately , his core group of supporters is not going to let the facts dissuade their beliefs that MMR causes autism , " Wiznitzer said . "  They need to be open-minded and examine the information as everybody else . " Wakefield 's defenders include David Kirby , a journalist who has written extensively on autism . He told CNN that Wakefield not only has denied falsifying data , he has said he had no way to do so . "  I have known him for a number of years . He does not strike me as a charlatan or a liar , " Kirby said . If the BMJ allegations are true , then Wakefield "  did a terrible thing " -- but he added , "  I personally find it hard to believe that he did that . " CNN 's Elizabeth Cohen and Miriam Falco contributed to this report .	NEW : Dr. Andrew Wakefield says his work has been "  grossly distorted " British journal BMJ accuses Wakefield of faking data for his 1998 paper "  The damage to public health continues " as a result of the autism-vaccine claim The study was retracted and Wakefield lost his license in 2010
EW  -- If second place is the first loser , then this week that 's a pretty great place to be . Warner Bros. ' literary adaptation "  The Great Gatsby " stunned the industry with a magnificent $ 51.1 million debut . Of course , that number was n't large enough to take down Disney 's superhero sequel , "  Iron Man 3 , " which topped the box office for a second weekend with $ 72.5 million , but it 's impressive nonetheless . Ah , the summer movie season : when films actually make money !  Provided that they 're not called "  Peeples . " "  Iron Man 3 , " which had the second best opening of all time last weekend with $ 174.1 million , fell 58 percent in its second frame -- a slimmer drop than "  Iron Man 2 " managed  59 percent  but a heftier one than "  The Avengers " scored  50 percent  . "  Iron Man 3 's " gargantuan $ 72.5 million weekend gave it a sizzling $ 17,400 per theater average from 4,253 locations and lifted its domestic box office total to $ 284.9 million after just 10 days . Internationally , the film is proving even more invincible . The $ 200 million Marvel title has now earned $ 664.1 million overseas , led by massive business in Asia . "  Iron Man 3 ′ s " top two international markets are currently China  $ 95.3 million  and Korea  $ 54.1 million  , and it has become the highest grossing film of all time in both Indonesia and Malaysia . Worldwide , "  Iron Man 3 " has grossed a truly jaw-dropping $ 949 million , guaranteeing it will surpass $ 1 billion sometime this week . EW review : ` The Great Gatsby ' In second place , Baz Luhrmann 's roaring '20s drama took in $ 51.1 million -- the third best opening weekend ever for a film that did n't hit No. 1 .  In 2004 , "  The Day After Tomorrow " debuted with $ 68.7 million but trailed "  Shrek 2 . " In 2009 , "  Sherlock Holmes " started with $ 62.3 million but could n't overtake "  Avatar . "  The glossy F. Scott Fitzgerald adaptation , which stars Leonardo DiCaprio , Carey Mulligan , Tobey Maguire and Joel Edgerton , broke out at the box office despite middling reviews and a "  B " CinemaScore grade . "  This exceeded all our expectations , " says Dan Fellman , Warner Bros. ' head of domestic distribution , who claims that scheduling the adult-oriented literary drama between blockbusters like "  Iron Man 3 " and "  Star Trek Into Darkness " helped it stand out . Indeed , "  Gatsby " appealed to a different audience than most May action-spectacles . Whereas "  Iron Man 3 " was dominated by male viewers last weekend , "  Gatsby " played to a core demographic of adult women . According to Warner Bros. , ticket-buyers were 59 percent female and 69 percent were above the age of 25 . When asked what drew those ticket buyers , Fellman says the film 's Jay-Z-curated soundtrack definitely built buzz , but ultimately it came down to someone else : "  Three little letters : L-E-O . " ` The Great Gatsby ' soundtrack and the rich history of the rock star composer "  The Great Gatsby 's " marketing has relied heavily on Leonardo DiCaprio 's mug -- and with good reason . DiCaprio has become one of the most exciting movie stars working today without ever signing up for a major franchise or donning superhero spandex . "  Gatsby 's " healthy debut marks his second best opening weekend ever , behind only 2010 ′ s "  Inception , " which started with $ 62.8 million . Hot on the heels of "  Django Unchained , " which wrangled $ 162.8 million total , DiCaprio is riding high at the box office . But "  Gatsby 's " debut also marks a career high point for Australian director Baz Luhrmann . Before this weekend , the polarizing filmmaker 's best opening weekend belonged to his sweeping romance "  Australia , " which bowed to $ 14.8 million in 2008 . "  The Great Gatsby " easily clobbered that figure , and it will quickly become his highest grossing film ever , surpassing "  Moulin Rouge , " which danced its way to $ 57 million total in 2001 . Of course , "  Gatsby " was undoubtedly Luhrmann 's most expensive project , too . The film , which was shot in 3-D , cost about $ 105 million to produce  and reportedly would have cost about $ 190 million without Australian rebates  , though audiences were n't overly excited about the 3-D effects . Only 33 percent of ticket sales were for 3-D showtimes . Michael Bay 's directorial effort "  Pain & Gain " wound up in third place in its third weekend with $ 5 million , marking a slim 33 percent drop . The Paramount film , which stars Mark Wahlberg and Dwayne Johnson , has now earned $ 41.6 million against a slim $ 26 million budget . Shane Black and ` Iron Man 3 ' : Who knew the ` Lethal Weapon ' screenwriter would turn out to be a thrilling director ? Tyler Perry 's latest producing effort , "  Peeples , " bombed in fourth place with a terrible $ 4.9 million from 2,041 theaters , making it the first true misfire associated with the Tyler Perry brand . The filmmaker only produced the movie  he typically writes and/or directs and/or stars in his films  , but distributor Lionsgate marketed the film on his name , preceding its title with "  Tyler Perry Presents . " Fortunately , "  Peeples , " which stars "  Scandal 's " Kerry Washington alongside Craig Robinson and David Alan Grier , only cost the studio about $ 15 million . Audiences issued the film an unimpressive "  B - " CinemaScore grade . "  42 , " now in its fifth weekend , almost surpassed "  Peeples "  and it still could once final figures are released  . The $ 40 million Jackie Robinson biopic earned $ 4.7 million , bringing its total to $ 84.7 million so far . Along with "  Gatsby , " "  42 " has been an encouraging performer for Warner Bros. , which suffered misfires like "  Beautiful Creatures , " "  The Incredible Burt Wonderstone " and "  Jack the Giant Slayer " in early 2013 . 1 . "  Iron Man 3 " -- $ 72.5 million 2 . "  The Great Gatsby " -- $ 51.1 million 3 . "  Pain & Gain " -- $ 5 million 4 . "  Peeples " -- $ 4.9 million 5 . "  42 " -- $ 4.7 million Check back next weekend for full box office coverage of "  Star Trek Into Darkness , " which earned an impressive $ 31 million from just seven international territories this weekend and will easily beam itself atop the domestic chart come Friday . See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  The Great Gatsby " had a magnificent $ 51.1 million debut at the box office But that number was n't large enough to overcome "  Iron Man 3 " That movie came in first place with $ 72.5 million
