WASHINGTON  CNN  -- A form of liquid morphine used by terminally ill patients will remain on the market even though it is an "  unapproved drug , " according to a decision by the Food and Drug Administration . Last month , the FDA warned nine companies to stop selling unapproved pain-relief drugs . After talking with hospital and hospice organizations , which expressed concern that taking the product off the market would result in hardship for terminally ill patients and their caregivers , the agency decided to extend the usage of morphine sulfate oral solution 20 mg/ml . The agency wants to ensure there is no shortage of the drug while patients wait for an approved product to take its place . "  While the FDA remains committed to ultimately ensuring that all prescription drugs on the market are FDA approved , we have to balance that goal with flexibility and compassion for patients who have a few alternatives for the alleviation of their pain , " Dr. Douglas Throckmorton , deputy director of the FDA 's Center for drug Evaluation and Research , said Thursday . "  In light of the concerns raised by these patients and their health-care providers , we have adjusted our actions with regard to these particular products . " Last month , the FDA sent warning letters to nine companies telling them to stop manufacturing 14 unapproved narcotics that are widely used to treat pain . Seven of those companies made or distributed the oral morphine . The morphine elixir is widely used by terminal patients in hospital and home hospice care settings and is manufactured by Lehigh Valley Technologies Inc. , Mallinckrodt Inc. . Pharmaceuticals Group , Boehringer Ingelheim Roxane Inc. and Cody Laboratories , Inc. . In its warning letter last month , the agency gave the companies 60 days to stop manufacturing the drug before enforcement action was taken . Thursday 's announcement did not prompt immediate reactions from the companies . A spokesman for Cody Laboratories said the firm did not have all the details of the decision . Other companies did not immediately return calls from CNN . The FDA estimates there are several thousand drugs , mostly older products , marketed illegally without FDA approval in this country . Once an illegally marketed drug is identified , enforcement action begins because the agency does not have information on the quality of these drugs and has not had an opportunity to approve their labeling . In 1976 the agency began a program to bring companies manufacturing these drugs into compliance . Thursday 's announcement applies only to the morphine sulfate elixir 20mg/ml , and the warning letters sent to the other product manufacturers are still in effect . Currently there are no approved morphine sulfate oral solution 20mg/ml products on the market . Until there are , the FDA says it will allow companies making and distributing the unapproved drugs to continue , until 180 days after any company receives approval to manufacture a new morphine replacement drug of the same dosage . The FDA says it expects all companies marketing unapproved drugs to submit the necessary applications to get approval for those drugs .	FDA decides to extend the usage of morphine sulfate oral solution 20 mg/ml Hospital , hospice groups had said pulling drug would cause hardship FDA said until alternatives are developed , easing of pain must remain a priority FDA estimates several thousand drugs marketed without approval
The air traffic control system for London airspace has been restored after a technical failure , the UK air traffic management company NATS said Friday , but travelers can expect disruptions and flight cancellations . "  We are in the process of returning to normal operations . We apologize for any delays and the inconvenience this may have caused , " NATS said . It later issued a release saying that it had ruled out a power outage as a cause of the fault , which resulted in the temporary closure of London 's airspace . Interactive : Track the flights here Travelers passing through London can expect delays or disruption to their flights for hours to come . Heathrow Airport said the NATS systems were "  now working and stable , " but about 50 flights had been canceled by 5:30 p.m. GMT  12:30 p.m. ET  , with the number expected to rise over the evening and into Saturday . "  The earlier problem will cause delays and cancellations to flights for the rest of the day and is likely to have a knock-on effect on some services tomorrow because aircraft and crew will now be out of position , " Heathrow said in a statement . "  Passengers due to depart today and tomorrow should check the status of their flight with their airline before traveling to Heathrow . We are very sorry for the disruption to passengers ' journeys . " Extra staff will be on duty to help passengers , it said . Luton , Gatwick and Stansted airports , which all serve London , also warned of delays . The disruption caused big problems inside Heathrow . Hundreds of unclaimed bags sat beside carousels inside Terminal 5 's baggage claim . A baggage handler told CNN some people grew tired of waiting and left without collecting their bags . Carousels were not assigned for some incoming flights . A spokesman for budget airline Ryanair , Robin Kiely , told CNN that flights were expected to resume with delays but that cancellations were not expected . ` Humongous impact ' of one error Kiely slammed NATS over the problem , saying it was "  unacceptable " that its system had "  dropped for the second time in 12 months , particularly on a busy Friday in the run-up to Christmas . " Paul Beauchamp , a spokesman for NATS , said , "  We think there is problem with the flight data system although not exactly sure at this time . " He told CNN its systems were not hacked and that idea "  has been ruled out completely . " Aviation security expert Glenn Schoen told CNN the incident had exposed a weakness in the air traffic system , a problem that needs to be addressed urgently . "  We 're going to have a major digital forensic effort here I think , driven by British authorities -- maybe with assistance from international aviation authorities -- to get to the bottom of this as quickly as possible , " he said . "  The disconcerting aspect here is the humongous impact of what appears to be one technical error . It does n't appear like a whole group of people made a mistake or a whole group of systems all had an error at the same time , so it tells us somewhere in how the system is configured now there are vulnerabilities we did not know about and apparently have not been accounted for in terms of control measures . " British Airways offered refunds or the chance to rebook to any of its passengers not wishing to travel Friday in light of the problems . "  We anticipate disruption to both departing and arriving flights but will do all we can to minimize any impact , " it said in a statement . International consequences It 's not just UK travelers who will be affected by the glitch . "  All flights that are supposed to fly London from Charles de Gaulle are delayed , " a representative for Paris Charles de Gaulle airport told CNN . "  Flights from Tunisia will be landing at Charles de Gaulle instead of London . " Mary Ryan , a spokeswoman for United Airlines , said none of its inbound flights Friday was affected but that four outbound flights were being held at the gate until the issue was resolved . A spokesman for Delta Air Lines advised passengers bound for London on Friday to check the status of their flights before traveling . The European air traffic control network , Eurocontrol , earlier said no flights would be accepted in or out of London until 7 p.m.  2 p.m. ET . The issue affected the air traffic control center in Swanwick , which controls all air traffic routes in southern England and Wales , up to approximately Manchester . A second air traffic control center at Prestwick in Scotland takes over air routes from there . It was not affected , NATS said . A problem with many moving parts CNN 's Jim Boulden said more than 80 airlines fly into and out of Heathrow , with some 200,000 people passing through the airport daily . "  The system is working fine , but it 's the aircraft that are in the wrong place -- it 's the aircraft that are delayed , " he said Friday evening . "  There 's a number of planes that have been diverted to other places . They still have to get here -- to London . " Schoen , the aviation security expert , said the resulting effects would be significant . He said they include "  the parking of the aircraft , refueling , servicing of the aircraft , the security guarding and checking of the aircraft , the handling of the passengers at different airports where they 're not really planning on that kind of capacity for the coming night -- perhaps this is happening overseas as well -- flights that were en route to the United Kingdom now diverting to other places . "  Hopefully this will not affect some of the biggest , busiest flights . Think about you piloting an Airbus A380 en route to London and you needing to divert , and having to fit that into a schedule of another airport . So these are some major challenges throughout the system that we 're hoping and we 're assuming authorities -- not just in the UK but elsewhere as well -- are ready to handle now . " Behind the scenes : How a busy airport works	Systems were not hacked , says spokesman for air traffic company Air traffic company says it 's investigating cause , rules out power outage Heathrow Airport says disruption to flights could continue into Saturday Travelers passing through London can expectdelays or disruptions
CNN  -- As the country continues to debate police accountability and the all-too-routine killing of unarmed black men by white law enforcement , it 's imperative to understand that this issue is not just about black people and white people . In fact , despite the available statistical evidence , most people do n't know that Native Americans are most likely to be killed by police , compared with other racial groups . Native Americans make up about 0.8 % of the population , yet account for 1.9 % of police killings . When Native Americans are shot and killed by law enforcement , there 's rarely much news coverage of those incidents . There are no outcries from any community other than our own . There are no white or black faces rallying around us , marching with us , protesting with us over this injustice . Why ? Because we are a forgotten people . Take Mah-hi-vist Goodblanket , an 18-year-old Cheyenne and Arapaho youth , who died on December 21 , 2013 , after being shot seven times by two sheriff 's deputies in Oklahoma . The two Custer County deputies alleged that Goodblanket had a knife during an incident at his parents ' home in the city of Clinton . Custer County Sheriff 's spokesman Bruce Peoples said Goodblanket threw a knife at the deputies and then attacked with another knife . They tried a Taser on him , which had no effect . But Goodblanket 's girlfriend , Naomi Barron , who was present when he was killed , said in a statement that Goodblanket had no weapons when the two white deputies opened fire . "  He -LSB- had -RSB- his arms up and his hands were free ... he had no weapons , " she said . Goodblanket was diagnosed in ninth grade with Oppositional Defiant Disorder -- a malady affecting 20 % of boys . His mother , Melissa , said he experienced an episode when he thought that his girlfriend was breaking up with him that fateful night . The attorney for the Goodblanket family , Ray Wall , said the Oklahoma State Bureau of Investigation has refused to release the police report regarding the incident . "  Withholding an official police report ... I think that 's a violation of the Freedom of Information Act , " Wall told me when I reached out to him . Goodblanket 's mother , Melissa , said she ca n't comprehend why mainstream media does not report on the killings of unarmed Native Americans , and why the killing of her son has failed to spark a national response . "  Our 18-year-old son was murdered -- -LSB- shot -RSB- seven times , once in the back of the head , " she said . "  This -LSB- incident -RSB- in itself should initiate an outrage among those who value life . " But the outrage is n't to be found -- at least not outside of Native American communities . What 's hard to believe is that the two white deputies both received the Medal of Honor and one received the Purple Heart by his department months after Goodblanket 's death . On the Custer County Sheriff 's Office Facebook page , a post said the awards were in "  recognition of their performance above and beyond the call of duty while disregarding their own personal safety and exhibiting exceptional courage in a life threatening situation , stemming from a domestic call they responded to in December of 2013 ... " It is notable that medals were given to the two white deputies in a county named for the infamous murderer and Indian fighter George Armstrong Custer no less . Imagine if Darren Wilson or Daniel Pantaleo received commendations associated with the killing of Michael Brown and Eric Garner . There would be protests dwarfing any that have occurred to date . But giving out medals after the killing of a Native American ? That does n't seem to bother anyone but Native Americans . History provides various unjust examples . Just think of the 20 U.S. cavalrymen who were awarded the Congressional Medal of Honor after they indiscriminately murdered an estimated 300 Lakota -- 200 of whom were women and children -- during the Wounded Knee Massacre on December 29 , 1890 . Those medals have yet to be rescinded . Could it be that Hollywood and pop culture have made dead Indians and the killing of the "  savages " too commonplace for people to flinch ? Many old Western movies from Hollywood did n't portray Native Americans in a positive light . Contemporary designers such as Ralph Lauren continue to sell clothes with images of dead Indians emblazoned on them . We 've all seem them -- it 's the image of a skull donning a feather headdress . There 's another incident recently that outraged the Native American community . On October 4 in Pierre , South Dakota , four officers surrounded an irate 70-pound Sicangu Lakota girl and tased her after concern that she would harm herself with a knife . Though this outrageous incident was covered by CNN and other networks , the killing of Goodblanket and many other Native Americans who 've died at the hands of law enforcement remains unspoken . Is the message here that geography matters in cases of injustice and oppression ? Had Mah-hi-vist Goodblanket been killed in a major city rather than in Clinton , Oklahoma , would the country have rallied in protest to his brutal death ? After a grand jury in Staten Island , New York , failed to indict Pantaleo , the white police officer who killed Garner , an unarmed black man , the hashtag #CrimingWhileWhite immediately grew in popularity . Utilizing the hashtag , users compared instances of white people receiving little or no punishments for crimes they had committed , whereas African-Americans were dealt harshly disproportionate sentences for theirs . Yet some people want to claim that we 've grown much as a nation . Really ? On the day when white law enforcement officers are indicted for the killing of unarmed black men , and on the day when white men stop receiving medals associated with the killing of Native Americans , then I will say we 've grown as a nation , but only a little . We will still have a long way to go .	Simon Moya-Smith : Native Americans are more likely to be killed by police Moya-Smith : The death of Mah-hi-vist Goodblanket highlights the problem Why are n't protesters marching over the injustice ? Because we are a forgotten people , he says Moya-Smith : Media should pay more attention to shootings of Native Americans
CNN  -- What the title of J.K. Rowling 's first adult novel , "  A Casual Vacancy , " brings to mind is pleasure : that a writer with such standing  in certain circles  has the derring-do and moxie to turn her back on the audience that first brought her fame , some years ago , and meet them again , those same people . Only it 's years later , and now they 're grownups . Holding their own credit cards , at the ready for this new book . There is never a vacancy in the world of writers of books for the grownup market or the preteen mob . There is a surfeit of writers working hard , thanklessly . And when a John Updike or a Maurice Sendak dies , such quieter and under-appreciated writers note that geniuses leave a permanent loss , not a casual vacancy to be filled . So while I have not yet read Rowling 's book . I admire that she has decided to try her hand at wooing world-weary grownups . She need n't have , of course . She could have stood and blown 100-pound notes  in British sterling  out her bagpipe in that castle in Scotland from now till her dying day and never noticed the difference . She must be writing because she needs to write . Now , truth to tell , it 's far more common in the UK for writers to shift audiences , adults to children or vice versa . Graham Greene wrote a few picture books . Salman Rushdie has written fantasies for children . C.S. Lewis was a scholar and popular theologian long before he mapped out Narnia and Tolkien , famously , a philologist and medievalist before he discovered the common hobbit . J.K. Rowling shows why muggles obsessed with class But in the U.S. , writers for children tend to do little else . When someone not primarily driven to write for children does venture into the field from the great beyond , he or she is usually slumming , dallying from the field of entertainment or sometimes politics , which is another kind of entertainment , just less funny . Most often , these books are n't very good . In the U.S. , adults who begin writing for children and then turn to writing for adults -- successfully -- are few and far between .  I am one of them ; I think that because "  Wicked " was based on a children 's classic , it allowed me to slip the ropes of convention . Such a conversion to being a writer for adults after a novitiate as a writer for children is more common in England . Think of Penelope Lively , who first won the Carnegie Medal for a children 's book and a few years later was shortlisted for the Booker Prize for an adult novel . Think Jane Gardam , Jill Paton Walsh . They move back and forth between the audiences with ease . There 's no reason to think J.K. Rowling ca n't do the same . By and large , the British do n't sentimentalize childhood the way Americans tend to -- at least , not since the Blitz brought an end to Peter Pan and Mary Poppins and other British nationals who no longer could fly over central London with impunity and song . So Rowling , from a tradition of starch and stiff-upper-lip , should have every advantage . England made her keen , and the world made her rich . She 's too smart to be self-adoring or self-indulgent , so she wo n't fall into that trap . We 'll find out soon enough whether her new effort will be a memorable book -- but it wo n't be a weak one , I bet , for it 's been prompted by nothing more urgent than a need to write or die . J.K. Rowling 's ` The Casual Vacancy ' -- snobbery , sex and scheming Final thought , though : No one who really gets the density and elegance and mystery of childhood is unprepared to write for adults . By comparison , the adult audience is easier to satisfy than the child audience . Adults have picked up the habit of patience . They understand the concept of delayed gratification and so can be tricked into investment in page after page , waiting for the payoff . For their part , children are by nature fickle , distractible , alert , compulsive . If they are n't wooed and won early on , they toss the book Grandma gave them right into the rubbish bin and sally out the door . Writing for children -- succeeding at writing for children -- is much harder than writing for adults , and an excellent internship besides . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Gregory Maguire .	Gregory Maguire : J.K. Rowling has moxie , derring-do to reunite with her readers as adults He says she does n't need the money , she 's written her new novel out of a need to write Toggling between adult and youth writing more common in UK , less so in U.S. , he says Maguire : Writing for children is excellent way to start ; they are a more demanding audience
Washington  CNN  -- If you 've ever felt the urge to buy an Osama bin Laden action figure and have $ 2,500 to spare , Nov. 20 could be your lucky day . The doll , code named "  Devil Eyes , " is one of three prototypes designed by Donald Levine , the creator of G.I. Joe , back in 2005 as part of a proposed CIA plan to take down the al Qaeda leader . The Washington Post originally reported that the spy agency considered selling demonic bin Laden figurines to scare Afghan children and their parents from supporting bin Laden and al Qaeda . The CIA rejected the plan after it reviewed the three prototypes , Dean Boyd , CIA spokesperson , confirmed to CNN in June . "  To our knowledge , there were only three individual action figures ever created and these were merely to show what a final product might look like , " he said . "  Furthermore , the CIA has no knowledge of these action figures being produced or distributed by others . " Two of the dolls are either in the possession of the CIA or the Pentagon , according to the Washington Post . However , one lucky bidder can get his hands on the spare in an online auction by Nate D. Sanders auction on Nov. 20 , according to a release Thursday from the auction house . The bidding starts at $ 2,500 . The action figure , draped in bin Laden 's long white robe , comes with two detachable heads . One head is the recognizable face of the al Qaeda leader with his long black beard and white turban . The other shows him as a demon with red skin , green "  Devil Eyes " and black facial marks .	Auction will sell a rare Osama bin Laden action figure starting on Nov. 20 The prototype is one of three that was considered by the CIA The doll was made to scare young families away from the al Qaeda leader The prototype was developed by Donald Levine , the creator of G.I. Joe
New York  CNN  -- Whew !! Something stinks ! But before you run to take out the trash , check the stack of mail you just carried inside . A few thousand New York household received an odoriferous gift in the mail from Carl Paladino , the Republican nominee for governor - and it does n't smell like roses . Paladino 's campaign mailed out garbage-scented fliers declaring "  Something Stinks in Albany " and featuring photos of seven New York Democrats whose political careers were marred by scandal . "  It 's basically a folder and then when you open it , when the oxygen hits the card the stink starts , " Paladino explained to Anderson Cooper on "  AC360 " Thursday night . "  The longer you keep it open the worse the stink gets . That 's our analogy of Albany , " he added . Paladino claims no one has complained about the pungent mailings and they have been well received .	Candidate says stinky mail is referring to problems in New York politics Smelly mail was sent to a few thousand New Yorkers
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Hollywood star Will Smith led a London crowd of 46,664 in a chorus of "  Happy Birthday " to Nelson Mandela on Friday at a party for the South African prisoner , president and Nobel Peace Prize winner . Nelson Mandela had a smile and a message . Smith introduced Mandela to the London crowd celebrating Mandela 's life with the words "  The one , the only , the birthday boy , Nelson Mandela , Nelson Mandelaaaaaaaaaa . " London was the scene of a concert 20 years ago to celebrate Mandela 's 70th and to raise awareness of his imprisonment . Mandela told cheering fans , "  Your voices carried across the water to inspire us in our prison cells far away . Tonight , we can stand before you free . "  We are honored to be back in London for this wonderful occasion . "  But even as we celebrate , let us remind ourselves that our work is far from complete . "  Where there is poverty and sickness , including AIDS , where human beings are being oppressed , there is more work to be done . Our work is for freedom for all . " Watch Mandela at the party " As Mandela walked on stage , Smith led the crowd in a chorus of "  Happy Birthday . " Proceeds from the concert in London 's Hyde Park will go toward the 46664 Campaign , which Mandela founded in 2003 to raise awareness about the impact of AIDS , especially in Africa , and to promote HIV-prevention measures around the world . The name of the charity represents Mandela 's prison number when he was incarcerated at Robben Island . Organizers put 46,664 tickets up for sale . The finale of the concert saw Queen , Amy Winehouse and Jerry Dammers performing "  Free Nelson Mandela , " a 1980s hit from the Specials that quickly became an anti-apartheid anthem , with pretty much every act joining them on stage . Watch stars perform for Mandela " Dammers was also one of the driving forces behind the London concert in 1988 to awareness of Mandela 's long imprisonment by the South African authorities . The former South African president turns 90 on July 18 . Watch the crowd celebrate " Speculation surrounded whether Winehouse would perform after being hospitalized with lung problems last week . More than a dozen African artists , including Johnny Clegg and the Soweto Gospel Choir , performed . Smith , music legend Quincy Jones and Formula One driver Lewis Hamilton were among the stars introducing acts . Other guests at the concert included British Prime Minister Gordon Brown , former U.S. President Clinton , talk show host Oprah Winfrey and actor Robert De Niro . Mandela served as his country 's first democratically elected president from 1994 to 1999 . In recent years , he has campaigned on behalf of HIV and AIDS awareness and has long called the battle against AIDS a basic human right . In 1964 , a court sentenced Mandela to life in prison for plotting to overthrow the government by violence . He spent the first 18 years at Robben Island Prison , off Cape Town , South Africa , and later spent time at Pollsmoor prison and Victor Verster Prison , closer to the mainland . While in prison , Mandela became recognized as the most significant black leader in South Africa , and he became a potent symbol of resistance in the anti-apartheid movement . Mandela consistently refused to compromise his political position to obtain his freedom . South African President F.W. de Klerk released Mandela in February 1990 after 27 years in prison . Mandela was elected president of the African National Congress the following year , and in 1994 , he was elected president of his country .	Celebrities , statesmen gather in London to celebrate Mandela 's 90th birthday Mandela at outdoor concert in his honor in London 's Hyde Park Crowd of 46,664 sing "  Happy Birthday " led by Will Smith Performers include Amy Winehouse , Queen , Annie Lennox , Simple Minds
CNN  Two more American aid workers who had high-risk exposure to Ebola in Sierra Leone arrived back in the United States on Monday for monitoring . Neither is sick or known to be infected with the disease . Eight of their colleagues have already been flown back to the United States , where health authorities are watching them closely for signs of the disease , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . The returning workers are clinicians for Partners in Health , a Boston-based aid group . They all had contact with a colleague who 's been diagnosed with the disease and is being treated at the National Institutes of Health in Bethesda , Maryland . The heath care worker with Ebola was in critical condition Monday , the NIH said . That changed from the NIH saying on Friday that the patient was in serious condition . Details about the patient 's identity were n't released . While in West Africa , the workers "  came to the aid of their ailing colleague , " according to a Partners in Health statement . As the CDC investigates who else might have had contact with the Ebola patient , more workers might be flown back to the United States , according to Tom Skinner , a spokesman for the CDC . The workers are being housed near hospitals that specialize in treating Ebola patients , and if they show signs of the disease , they 'll be admitted as patients -- as was the case with one worker in Nebraska . The person developed symptoms Sunday evening and "  out of an abundance of caution " was taken to the biocontainment unit at the University of Nebraska Medical Center in Omaha . "  At this point , this person has not tested positive for the Ebola virus , " Phil Smith , M.D. , medical director of the unit , said in a statement Monday . "  However , because of a change in symptoms , we decided the most prudent course of action was to bring the individual to the Biocontainment Unit , where we can better monitor symptoms and safely perform testing . However , some of the symptoms which prompted the move to the Biocontainment Unit have resolved this morning . " None of the other aid workers are showing symptoms of Ebola . Nurse who contracted Ebola sues hospital company State health authorities say all 10 of the workers are deemed to have had high-risk exposure to Ebola . This includes people who were not wearing protective gear and were exposed to the bodily fluids of someone with Ebola while that person was symptomatic , or someone who lived in the same household and provided direct care to a symptomatic Ebola patient . The first of these workers arrived Friday night in Atlanta showing possible signs of Ebola , but testing over the weekend came back negative , according to a government official who did not want to be named . The worker is being isolated in housing near Emory University Hospital for 21 days . "  Twice a day , we 'll have visual monitoring , either face to face or we 'll Skype with them , or do FaceTime , " said Nancy Nydam , spokeswoman for the Georgia Department of Public Health . "  And if it 's Skype or FaceTime , they 'll have to be in a place where we can clearly identify that they are where they 're supposed to be . " The next set of aid workers returned back to the United States on Saturday evening and went into isolation in housing on the campus of the University of Nebraska Medical Center , according to spokesman Taylor Wilson . As in Atlanta , these workers have voluntarily agreed not to leave their housing . "  They will be monitored so they 'll stay there , " Wilson said . Another set of three workers arrived Sunday morning at housing near the National Institutes of Health . These workers will have more freedom to move around than the ones in Georgia and Nebraska . According to Christopher Garrett , a spokesman for the Maryland Department of Health , his state will follow the CDC 's guidelines , which forbid monitored individuals from getting on public transportation but allow them to go outside as long as they stay at least 3 feet away from other people . ' 1686 : That 's my number ' Two more workers arrived Monday morning in Atlanta and were isolated in housing near Emory . A third worker was expected to arrive Monday in Atlanta , but health authorities deemed this person to be lower risk and allowed for monitoring at home , according to a government official . The patient now at NIH is the second with Ebola admitted to the NIH hospital . Safety at Ebola funerals Nina Pham , a nurse at Texas Health Presbyterian Hospital Dallas , was admitted to NIH in October after she contracted the disease while treating Liberian national Thomas Eric Duncan . Pham recovered and was released free of disease . Duncan died . Emory , the NIH and Nebraska are three of only four hospitals in the United States that have biocontainment units to deal with a highly infectious disease such as Ebola . More than 10,000 people have died in a West African epidemic of Ebola that dates back to December 2013 , according to the World Health Organization . Almost all of the deaths have been in Guinea , Liberia and Sierra Leone . Ebola is spread by direct contact with the bodily fluids of an infected person . CNN 's Carma Hassan , Joe Sutton and Eliott C. McLaughlin contributed to this report .	After developing symptoms , a worker is moved to Nebraska 's biocontainment unit Condition of Ebola patient at NIH hospital is changed from serious to critical Eight aid workers have already returned , and two more are back Monday
Sanaa , Yemen  CNN  -- Brief clashes erupted Saturday in Yemen between hundreds of pro- and anti-government demonstrators who staged rival rallies in the capital . The clashes , which left a small number of people injured , followed an anti-government protest Friday night in which men armed with knives attacked more than a thousand demonstrators , according to human rights groups . A group of around 700 people turned out Saturday morning at the gates of Sanaa University to give their support to the Egyptian people following the ouster of Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak , said Fuad Dahaba , a member of parliament for the opposition Islah party . The protesters also demanded change in Yemen and called for the fall of President Ali Abdullah Saleh 's regime . "  Yes to the revolution , no to oppression , " they chanted , alongside cries of "  The people are the power " and "  Saleh , leave -- leave while you can . " Thousands of other anti-government demonstrators began marching through Sanaa 's streets to join the protest at the university . At the same time , about 400 pro-government demonstrators had been gathering at Sanaa 's Tahrir Square in a festival atmosphere , chanting "  No to chaos , yes to peace . " Those pro-government demonstrators then walked from the square to the university gates , where their rival protesters tried to stop them from gathering in the same spot and clashes erupted , according to Faisal Al-Namsha , 32 , an anti-government demonstrator . Al-Namsha said he was attacked by the government supporters , who began hitting with sticks and fists when the clashes began . Anti-government protesters , some of whom were also carrying sticks , fought back , Al-Namsha said . At least six anti-government demonstrators were hurt , he added . Security forces then stepped in and the demonstrations ended . Anti-government protests have recently spread across Yemen , inspired by the revolts that ousted the Tunisian and Egyptian presidents . The protesters Friday had initially taken to the streets of Sanaa to support Mubarak 's ouster but later changed their focus to Yemen . "  Yesterday Tunisia , today Egypt , tomorrow Yemen will open the prison , " some chanted Friday , according to Human Rights Watch . A prominent Yemeni human rights lawyer , Khaled Al-Anesi , said he suspected pro-government demonstrators involved in the knife attacks Friday were security forces in civilian clothes , but government spokesman Tareq Shami denied that . "  We did not call for any protests and those out today from both sides were expressing their opinion , " he said Saturday . Al-Anesi said at least 17 people were arrested , most of them rights activists . A day after the clashes , Yemen said it is confident the military council that took over Egypt will steer the nation through the political crisis , the Yemeni official news agency reported Saturday . Yemen "  expresses its respect for the choice and the will of the Egyptian people , " a government official said , according to Saba news agency . Saleh has said he will not seek another term and would postpone parliamentary elections scheduled for April to allow more time for reform talks with the opposition . CNN 's Gena Somra , Mohammed Jamjoom and journalist Hakim Almasmari contributed to this report .	Pro- and anti-government demonstrators stage rival rallies A small number of people were injured Saturday It follows clashes Friday night in which protesters were attacked with knives Yemeni protesters decry the government , applaud Egyptian revolution
Washington  CNN  -- Justice Clarence Thomas is marking his two decades on the Supreme Court in his characteristic low-key manner . His former law clerks are organizing a reunion , a chance for him to get back in touch with his "  kids , " as he calls many of the young lawyers who served the prestigious one-year job under him . He is prepared for the court 's new term , having spent the summer as he always does , touring the country in his 40-foot-motor home , with his wife Virginia alongside . And there was a recent teaching stint at the University of Nebraska , where he remains a big Cornhuskers football fan , although he was never a student there . All seems good for the 63-year-old jurist , a sharp contrast to the tumultuous weeks of his October 1991 confirmation hearings . The nationally televised drama delved deeply and embarrassingly into his private life , a spectacle that helped usher in an escalating focus on the federal courts -- and the often nasty politics that play out to this day . "  Like the Robert Bork confirmation hearings before them , the Thomas hearings were built on the flames of ideological fights , " said Thomas Goldstein , a prominent appellate attorney and founder of Scotusblog.com . "  He was regarded as extremely conservative , which he is , and liberal progressives were really very bent on trying to block him from getting on the Supreme Court . They failed initially and then , when the Anita Hill allegations came out , the whole process exploded . " For an institution that values continuity and experience , Justice Thomas now enjoys a professional renaissance of sorts , becoming a key behind-the-scenes force on the right-leaning bench . "  There are obviously some who agree with the mark that he 's left and others who disagree , " said Gregory Garre , a former U.S. solicitor general who has argued several cases before Thomas and the court . "  But I think one thing is certain , and that is that he has left an important mark on the law . " _______________ Sources close to him say the memories of his wrenching Senate confirmation in October 1991 are not forgotten by any means , but the experience , they say , has given him a greater appreciation of the unique role he now occupies . The Pin Point , Georgia , native was nominated to the high court by President George H.W. Bush to replace an icon -- Justice Thurgood Marshall . There were concerns raised by both Republicans and Democrats over whether Thomas would become the ideological opposite of the civil rights legend , since he had barely a year of judicial experience before being tapped for the Supreme Court . Many people may not remember there were actually two Senate Judiciary Committee hearings for Thomas . The first session went pretty much to form , and with little judicial record to go on , lawmakers found little about which to criticize the nominee . Then Anita Hill stepped forward . She was a lawyer who had been hired by Thomas to work in the Education Department and later at the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission , which he headed in the Reagan years . She claimed Thomas made sexually suggestive comments on the job , which Hill considered sexual harassment . In stunning nationally televised testimony , the poised Hill offered lurid details and called Thomas ' alleged actions "  behavior that is unbefitting an individual who will be a member of the court . " Many senators offered both sympathy and skepticism to both Hill and Thomas . He received the final word , telling the committee , "  This is a circus . It 's a national disgrace . It is a high-tech lynching for uppity blacks who in any way deign to think for themselves . " He was confirmed 52-48 , the narrowest margin for a high court pick in a century . _____________ For most Americans , Thomas slipped into virtual anonymity after he took his judicial oath . He shuns interviews and rarely speaks during arguments . In fact , he has gone five years without speaking when cases are presented in the public sessions . That concerns some private lawyers , including those who count Thomas among their friends . "  I wish , candidly , he would ask the lawyers questions , just to give us an opportunity to at least say something about him , " said Carter Phillips , who has argued 72 cases before the high court . "  Because there almost invariably are issues in argument that are not briefed in the case , so you feel as though , in one sense , an important participant is kind of marching on a parallel path that 's completely removed from your efforts and advocacy . " But those close to the justice say you do n't know the real Clarence Thomas . "  Justice Thomas is known as being quiet and taciturn , and has n't asked a question in years , " said Carrie Severino , a 2007 law clerk who remains close to him . "  He 's actually an incredibly ... great storyteller . He could talk for hours very easily . If you do get into a conversation with him , it 's normally a very long and engaging process . " Behind the closed marble hallways of the court , Thomas is well known for his booming voice , hearty laugh , and friendly manner . Colleagues say they are amazed he seems to know every one of the several hundred employees by their names , as well as their families and their problems . He shatters the mold in many ways , and is especially close friends on the court with Justice Stephen Breyer , whose views are considered liberal . The two can often be spotted on the bench whispering in each other 's ears , sharing an occasional laugh . "  There are a lot of people who do n't like the fact that he breaks their expectations , " Severino said . "  They expect him as an African-American to be toeing the liberal line , and he 's his own man . You know , he 's his own man among conservatives . He 's not following Justice Scalia , he 's not following Chief Justice Roberts . He 's going to do his own thing . And the people who might expect him to follow their lead are going to be disappointed . " Doing his own thing has often meant Thomas is a lone dissenter in cases big and small , in issues ranging from state-federal authority to executive immunity and government regulation . The consistency of his conservative views has earned him a quietly influential power base among his colleagues , which only recently has begun to attract public notice . "  In several of the most important areas of constitutional law , Thomas has emerged as an intellectual leader of the Supreme Court , " wrote CNN Senior Legal Analyst Jeffrey Toobin , in an essay for The New Yorker . "  Since the arrival of Chief Justice John Roberts in 2005 , and Justice Samuel Alito in 2006 , the court has moved to the right when it comes to the free-speech rights of corporations , the rights of gun owners , and potentially , the powers of the federal government ; in each of these areas , the majority has followed where Thomas been leading for a decade or more . Rarely has a Supreme Court justice enjoyed such broad or significant vindication . " But criticism -- personal and professional -- has not gone away . The latest complaints : calls from liberal lawmakers and advocacy groups for Thomas to pull out of deciding a monumental appeal over President Obama 's signature accomplishment , health care reform . Twenty Democratic lawmakers on Thursday formally asked the Justice Department to investigate the justice 's appearances before conservative groups , and his failure over the years to publicly disclose about $ 700,000 of his wife 's income , as required under federal law . "  To believe that Justice Thomas did n't know how to fill out a basic disclosure form is absurd , " said Rep. Louise Slaughter , D-New York , on behalf of her colleagues . "  I can not determine guilt or innocence , but I can request that the government do our due diligence in investigating a situation that strikes me , and many members of Congress , as suspicious . " But even liberal activists say there may be little to force Thomas himself to pull out . "  It 's really almost entirely self-enforced , " said Doug Kendall , president of the Constitutional Accountability Center . "  So recusal motions , if there is one filed in his case , go directly to Justice Thomas . And there 's really no process for his colleagues or anyone to second-guess the decision whether he should recuse or not . So it really is his decision . " Many colleagues wonder whether going his own path in life has been worth it for Thomas . Sources close to him say he admits being concerned about his legacy , but more interested in doing his job as he sees fit , and ultimately being comfortable with the result . Writing in his 2007 autobiography , the justice said his life was "  the story of an ordinary man to whom extraordinary things happened . Putting it down on paper forced me to suffer old hurts , endure old pains , and revisit old doubts . ... Rightly or wrongly , I have an abiding faith that my story will be important to someone . "	Justice 's former law clerks are arranging a reunion of his "  kids " He is enjoying a professional renaissance of sorts on the right-leaning court He is known for not asking questions from the bench and for going his own way "  Thomas has emerged as an intellectual leader , " says CNN Senior Legal Analyst Toobin
MEXICO CITY , Mexico  CNN  -- The Mexican navy said Wednesday that it rescued five Ecuadorians who had been adrift without supplies in a fishing boat for more than two weeks off the coast of the southern state of Chiapas . Mexican medical personel examine two of five Ecuadorians rescued at sea . Mexican authorities initiated the rescue , which occurred Tuesday , after the U.S. Coast Guard alerted them that sailors aboard a fishing boat located 45 nautical miles  83 km  southeast of Port Chiapas had signaled to a passing plane that they needed help . The Mexican navy dispatched a helicopter , which located the 15-meter-long  49-foot-long  vessel and carried out the rescue by air , the navy said in a news release . The five aboard identified themselves as Jaime Arturo Alaba Chavez , the 35-year-old captain ; Víctor Hugo Alaba Chavez , the 32-year-old cook ; Edison Prado Alaba , a 27-year-old sailor ; Carlos Cheme Vazquez , a 37-year-old sailor ; and Raul Contreras Vera , a 64-year-old machinist . The sailors were taken to the Naval Sanatorium of Puerto Chiapas , where doctors determined they were dehydrated . They said they had departed Costa Rica 's on May 6 but , five days later , their motor stopped working and , unable to repair it , they had been adrift and without food since . A naval patrol boat towed the boat to Puerto Chiapas , arriving there Wednesday morning . It will be inspected to rule out the possibility that it may have been used for illicit activities , the navy said .	The Mexican navy said Wednesday that it rescued five Ecuadorians adrift at sea Men apparently without supplies in a fishing boat for more than two weeks Men found off the coast of the southern state of Chiapas , Mexico
CNN  -- Europe must stop being nationalistic if it wants to help a lost generation of workers , the regional boss of U.S. conglomerate General Electric says . Speaking with CNN 's Max Foster , Ferdinando Beccalli-Falco , chief executive officer of GE Europe , said : "  You have some areas of Europe where unemployment is 30 , 40 , 50 % , " he added , "  that drives the thinking that if you go nationalistic you 're going to solve the problem . " Instead , Beccalli-Falco argued that Europe needed to open its borders to young people looking to escape chronic unemployment . Read more : Driverless cars : From Hollywood to real world The CEO , who oversees the company 's 84,000 employees in the region , called for a more "  united Europe . " He said : "  If the young Spanish people who are without a job today , they can find a job in the UK , they could find a job in Germany ... we have the possibility of letting people move around and finding a job without all the bureaucracy . " Read more : Bumpy road ahead for London cabbie business Despite the eurozone posting a meagre 0.1 % growth in the third-quarter Beccalli-Falco believes that "  any kind of fragmentation " in Europe 's political and economic union would only damage growth further . He said : "  It builds walls and you never had economic growth when you had walls around your region or your country . " Read more : Skyscanner brings a pinch of Silicon Valley to Scotland Nations in the eurozone , Europe 's monetary union , are still reeling from the fallout of a debt crisis , spanning four years . The hardest hit nations , Spain and Greece , and to a lesser extent Portugal and Ireland , are suffering from jobless rates at record highs . The latest figures available for Spain and Greece put youth unemployment over 50 % with many young people choosing to migrate to northern Europe , where job prospects are considerably better . Read more : Scottish pride restored by world porridge champion Beccalli-Falco 's comments come as the eurozone makes plans for a single supervisor for the region 's 6,000 banks and a fiscal union that would tie national budgets closer together . The GE Europe chief also said that Europe must use its clout as the world 's largest trading bloc to forge closer relationships with some of the world 's other economic giants . In February , the U.S. and the European Union announced that they would begin talks on a multi-trillion dollar free-trade pact -- known as the Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership -- to boost economic growth . President Barack Obama and EU leaders are hoping an agreement to reduce trade barriers will support millions of jobs on both sides of the Atlantic . Read more : Spain turning back the clock on siestas Beccalli-Falco said that politicians need to push through the agreement as soon as possible , adding : "  I hope only that we are not going to waste too much time in the details of an agreement like this one . " But talks have hit a stumbling block recently over allegations that the U.S. National Security Administration spied on European leaders including German Chancellor Angela Merkel . If the deal goes through , the US Chamber of Commerce has said that the removal of all tariffs could add $ 180 billion to combined EU-U.S. gross domestic product over five years . Read more : Europe would have suffered without single currency While the EU estimates the partnership could increase the 28-nation bloc 's annual economic output by 0.5 % . "  This is the opportunity , " Beccalli-Falco said , "  let 's work on the big frame agreement and let 's work the pieces after when it is necessary . " CNN 's Oliver Joy contributed to this report .	GE Europe chief Ferdinando Beccalli-Falco said EU nations where unemployment is rife "  are losing a generation . " Beccalli-Falco called for a more "  united Europe " and for the continent to "  open the borders " for young people . The US Chamber of Commerce has calculated that the removal of all tariffs could add $ 180 billion .
CNN Student News  -- August 17 , 2012 Media Literacy Question of the Day What might be the challenges of reporting on a controversial government policy ? How can media organizations avoid taking sides when doing so ? * * Know Your News -- The following questions relate to events that were covered this week on CNN Student News . Write your answers in the space provided . Click here for a PDF version of this Newsquiz . 1 . What U.S. representative was selected as the running mate of presumptive Republican presidential nominee Mitt Romney ? * * 2 . Aleppo is the largest city in what country ? * * 3 . What is the world 's second-largest religion ? * * 4 . Myopia , macular degeneration and glaucoma can affect which sense ? * * 5 . Which amendment to the U.S. Constitution guarantees women the right to vote ? * * 6 . On August 15 , 1947 , India gained its independence from what nation ? * * 7 . What is the name of the rover that landed on Mars on August 6 ? * * 8 . What South American city will host the 2016 Olympic Games ? * * 9 . An outbreak of what virus has led to an emergency declaration for Dallas , Texas ? * * 10 . What Middle Eastern country is planning to build a city just for women ? * *	Use the weekly Newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on CNN Student News Write your answers in the space provided Today 's Newsquiz includes the Media Literacy Question of the Day
POTOMAC , Maryland  CNN  -- To combat the depression and despair during her 105-day stint in Iran 's notorious Evin prison , Haleh Esfandiari welcomed all distractions and blocked thoughts of her beloved home and family . Haleh Esfandiari talks to Iranian media in front of Evin prison after her August 21 release . The Iranian-American scholar , who was charged with espionage and endangering Iranian national security during a December visit to her family , wrote a book in her mind , read newspapers , watched television and exercised voraciously . "  I decided either I am going to succumb to despair or I am going to try to make the best of this condition , and the best of this condition was to have a disciplined day , " she said . "  So I would exercise for many hours , I would read , I would walk a lot , some three to four hours a day -- even in the room , you know , I would pace up and down timing myself . " The 67-year-old grandmother of two said dwelling on her incarceration , and longing for her family , was disheartening "  so that 's why I plunged into exercising , and I wrote a book in my mind on the history and life story of my grandmother . As I would be walking , I would write chapters and edit them in my mind and rewrite it the next day . " Watch an ` elated ' Esfandiari explain how she passed the time " Esfandiari said she was treated "  with respect " while at Evin , but added , "  A prison is a prison . " Esfandiari was allowed to go home last week . She returned to Potomac , Maryland , on Thursday and discussed her arrest and captivity during a Saturday interview . Though she said she 's unsure why she was jailed in Evin 's political wing , Esfandiari believes her Iranian captors wanted to know more about the Woodrow Wilson Center for International Scholars , the Washington-based think tank where she heads the Middle East program . "  I think they were trying to found out more about the Wilson Center -- what it really does , were trying to find out about think tanks in America , foundations in America , the relationship between think tanks , foundations and the government , " she said . On December 21 , the dual Iranian-American national traveled to Iran to visit her 93-year-old mother , where she visited for nine days . On December 30 , she caught a taxi to the airport where she planned to fly home to Washington . Those plans were altered by three knife-wielding men who stopped her cab , threatened to kill her and stole her luggage and handbag , which contained both of her passports and her airline ticket . Esfandiari called her husband , Shaul Bakhash , back home in Maryland and told him to cancel her credit cards and report the stolen passport . The next day , she went to the authorities . "  I went to the passport office , and they said that they would like to , somebody wants to talk to you . And that was the beginning of the saga , " she said . That somebody , according to the Wilson Center , was an official with Iran 's Ministry of Intelligence . Beginning on January 4 , Esfandiari was subjected to weeks of interrogations , sometimes as many as four a week and some lasting as long as eight hours , according to the Wilson Center . The questioning , the center said , was "  unpleasant and not free from intimidation and threat . " She was pressured to make confessions and falsely implicate the Wilson Center . She once received a threatening phone call . On January 18 , she awoke from a nap at her mother 's home to find her interrogator and two men -- one of them wielding a video camera -- staring into her bedroom , the Wilson Center said . On February 17 , the interrogations stopped , but in late April or early May she again began receiving phone calls from the Iranian government . On May 7 , she was asked to go to the Ministry of Intelligence the following morning , according to the Wilson Center . When she arrived , she was put in a car and taken to Evin prison . Over the next two weeks , Iranian media reported that Esfandiari was accused of trying to topple the Iranian government . Later that month , a judiciary spokesperson announced that she was charged with espionage , actions against national security and propaganda against the Islamic republic . "  It was puzzling for me at first , " Esfandiari told CNN . "  I think there is a concern among certain elements that the United States has planned some kind of Velvet Revolution in Iran , and since they are bogged down in Iraq and Afghanistan , they wo n't do it through military . They would do -LSB- it -RSB- through think tanks and foundations to create a network of people to undermine the regime . I think that is their concern . " The Velvet Revolution is the name given to the 1989 bloodless coup that saw Czechoslovakia 's communist regime overthrown . In prison , Esfandiari was interviewed for an Iranian state television documentary , in which she allegedly linked U.S. think tanks and nongovernmental organizations with a "  soft revolution " against the Iranian government . The Wilson Center quickly denounced the documentary as "  scripted , contrived , and completely without merit . " The center 's president and director , Lee Hamilton , who has served on the 9/11 Commission and Iraq Study Group , also issued a statement , saying the documentary took "  the fabrication of news to a new art form . This is shameful . It can not be considered a ` confession ' by any stretch of the imagination . " Hamilton had written letters to President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad and Majlis Speaker Shouray-e-Islami , to no avail . On June 29 , he wrote another letter to Grand Ayatollah Ali Khamenei , the supreme leader of Iran , pleading for his help in Esfandiari 's case . A week later , the former congressman met in New York with Iran 's representative to the U.N. , who delivered a written response from Khamenei . The letter , which "  was positive and conveyed respect , " marked the first time the ayatollah had responded to an American leader , according to the Wilson Center . Esfandiari said she believes she owes her freedom , in part , to Hamilton 's letter . The Iranian government never said why Esfandiari was allowed to go home , but on August 21 she was released on a bail of 3 billion Iranian rials  $ 320,000  . Esfandiari picked up her passport September 1 and flew to Vienna , Austria , where her sister lives , the next day . She arrived in the United States on Thursday . "  The first thing I did , I walked around , walked into the kitchen and started looking at things and say , ` OK , where is this ? This should n't be here ! That should n't be there ! ' " she said . "  And Shaul goes , ` There she goes again . ' " Esfandiari said she is "  elated to be home . " "  Sleeping in my own bed after eight months , taking a shower in my own bathroom after eight months , walking around the garden , " she said . "  To see my grandchildren who have grown since I last saw them in those eight months . So it is a fantastic -- it is a fantastic feeling -- and looking back , I am glad this nightmare is over . " E-mail to a friend	Haleh Esfandiari says she read , walked , wrote a book in her mind while in prison Scholar arrived home Thursday after Iran forbade her to leave for eight months Iranian government never said why they released Esfandiari from jail last month Wilson Center : Ayatollah 's letter marked first-ever response to American leader
CNN  -- FX 's Cold War drama "  The Americans " is about to blow its cover . After quietly spending its first season in 2013 flying under the radar , this spy series is poised to be exposed as the discriminating TV fan 's favorite addiction . On the surface , the '80s - set series from Joe Weisberg is pretty straightforward : two KGB agents , played by Keri Russell and Matthew Rhys , pose as a mild-mannered married couple with two kids in the suburbs of Washington during the Reagan administration . No one knows what these two are actually doing when they 're working at their "  travel agency , " and that includes their two children , teenager Paige  Holly Taylor  and her younger brother , Henry  Keidrich Sellati  . The potential for plot twists alone would seem reason enough to watch , but what 's kept viewers glued to their sets is the series ' complexity . "  The Americans " has heart-racing suspense , but also high-minded reflections on the politics of love , marriage and loyalty . So , after a nine-month hiatus , we 're more than ready to welcome back FX 's weekly dose of espionage , '80s pop culture and Cold War killing . And with its second season , "  The Americans " is going to have a tender twist : a focus on love and family amid the thrills and intrigue . When last we saw our Russian spies-next-door , Russell and Rhys ' Elizabeth and Philip Jennings , they 'd narrowly escaped a trap set by their neighbor , FBI agent Stan Beeman  Noah Emmerich  . The new season picks up with Elizabeth and Philip , who 've had a rocky relationship to say the least , reuniting at their home with heightened sensitivity for keeping their children safe from their deadly lifestyle . There are so many questions to answer : Will the Jennings kids learn the awful truth about their parents ? Can Philip and Elizabeth make their bizarre marriage -- created under the guise of accomplishing a mission and now something more -- work out ? And what about Beeman , who 's still clueless that his neighbors are the spies he 's been chasing with a passion ? In honor of the return of "  The Americans , " we give you five reasons to put it on your TV surveillance list : Best excuse to "  do laundry in the middle of the night " In season one , the laundry room was the perfect cover for Elizabeth and Philip 's KGB operation . But the Jennings ' daughter Paige is getting older â $ " and savvier . She 's starting to notice her mom and dad are spending a little too much time "  doing laundry " in the basement . If she snoops too much , she might uncover her parents ' secret stash of spy gear . Oops !  How do you think they 'll be able to explain THAT ? "  Honey , do you know what a ` license to kill ' is ? " More wigs than a Dolly Parton concert Let 's put aside the show 's reputation as a critical standout and focus on its notoriously bad wig collection . With this being a show about spies , the ridiculous disguises come in spades . It seems like every episode offers a fantastic excuse to trot out a spectacular set of fake teeth , false mustaches and dyed hair . There are so many different combinations , Rhys has even picked a favorite . "  I 've named him ; he 's called Fernando . He has longish hair . We actually saw him in the first episode of the first season when he beat up someone who was being rather lascivious with his daughter at a department store , " he told reporters during a recent conference call . "  He has , like , a mustache and long hair and a little goatee , and he feels very Latin to me . " Dear show runners : Please keep 'em coming ! Best show with spouses who have an understanding about on-the-job sex It must be hard for Philip and Elizabeth to fix their marriage while they 're both having sex with their sources . Or , for that matter , when they 're tying the knot with them .  Hey , whatever it takes to defend the Motherland ! In season 2 , Philip 's "  marriage " to FBI administrative assistant Martha Hanson  Alison Wright  is making his life even more complicated . "  They plant such a beautiful seed of conflict within Elizabeth , " Rhys said . "  She 's been this stalwart , this hardline , hard-nosed agent for so long , who 's still incredibly loyal to the cause ,  and now  she has this great enormous struggle within her where she realizes that she has these feelings for Philip . ...  As  a device it 's rather fantastic , but it certainly takes its toll on the relationship . " Best show with multiple 1980s pop culture references Is it wrong if we secretly hope that "  The Americans " does for the '80s what "  Mad Men " has done for the '60s ? From leg-warmers to high-waisted jeans to an '80s soundtrack , we love this show 's playpen of anachronisms . This season , look for references to a real-life relationship guru , excellent movies on VHS and a new Soviet spy who loves rockers like Rod Stewart and Blondie . Best timing EVER for the season premiere of a Cold War drama We do n't think FX 's marketing team could have possibly thought up a better coincidence . The new season just so happens to kick off while U.S-Russian tensions have been on the rise . CNN 's own Political Ticker had to double-check its calendar the other day while asking , "  The Cold War is over . Right ? " If that 's not enough , here 's a secret sixth reason : The writers have set up a carefully layered examination of human behavior that is teetering on the edge of disaster , not unlike a table of human dominoes . When the first one falls , it should be deliciously fun to watch .	FX 's Cold War drama "  The Americans " returns February 26 Keri Russell and Matthew Rhys star as undercover Russian spies Now in its second season , it will focus more on love and family
CNN  -- Everyday Americans now have the power to advise congressmen and influence legislation through Project Madison , a new online platform that implements public suggestions on pending laws . Here 's the kicker : It was designed by a Republican . Thanks to their pioneering use of the Internet to raise money and mobilize supporters in the 2004 and 2008 presidential campaigns , Democrats have gained a reputation in recent years as being ahead of Republicans in embracing digital tools . Witness 2008 GOP presidential nominee John McCain 's public comments about his unfamiliarity with e-mail . But since 2010 , conservatives have actually begun to outrank their Democrat rivals as technology trailblazers . From introducing a social network for crowdsourced legislation to their recent show of strength on Twitter , Republicans have made strides to rid themselves of the Luddite label . Perhaps the most impressive display of their new tech-savvy direction is Project Madison , the nickname for a crowdsourcing platform that allows citizens to amend individual passages of legislation by adding or striking language . Citizens are encouraged to like or dislike each change , with the most popular suggestions rising to the top . Additionally , individual users and organizations must reveal their identity , so the source of every suggestion is transparent . "  Technology should reduce the size of government , " Project Madison 's creator , Rep. Darrell Issa , R-California , told me recently after launching an effort to expand Project Madison to the entire legislative docket . "  Transparency tells us where government is building up bureaucracy . " The language of small government , reduced regulation , and transparency has helped galvanize conservatives to support the use of technological tools and technology-friendly legislation . Issa and House Majority Leader Eric Cantor were influential in boosting a massive online protest against the regulation-heavy Stop Online Piracy Act , which would have penalized websites that host pirated content and faced near-unanimous opposition from the technology industry . Cantor also appointed a separate technology communications director , Matt Lira , who , among many projects , helped launched YouCut , a digital platform that allows the public to choose which federal programs Republicans will propose to cut . "  Because technology has the potential of making government more efficient , less expensive to run , and more accountable , it 's not surprising that the Republicans are ahead of the Democrats in the use of technology in governing , " says Andrew Rasiej , founder and publisher of Tech President , a blog about the intersection of politics and technology . While both parties in Congress have generally agreed on transparency issues , such as a 72-hour online viewing window before laws are passed , these digital tools of direct democracy have recently been a signature pursuit of Republicans . The glacial speed of Congress can make it difficult to assess the impact of technological advancement , but there are signs these tools are making a difference . Issa 's proposed alternative to SOPA , the OPEN Act , adopted some specific suggestions from the online community through Project Madison , including a provision to protect owners of a website domain name from the illicit actions of the person who runs the website . And the DATA Act , a Republican-led bill to let citizens track federal spending online , has passed the House . This GOP commitment to technology has extended to social networks as well . A recent study by Edelman Digital found that Republican members of Congress use Twitter more effectively than their Democratic counterparts . According to the study , conducted over nearly four months in late 2011 , Republican lawmakers had nearly twice the Twitter interaction -- mentions , replies , and retweets -- as did Democrats . A study by the University of Michigan , examining the 2010 midterm elections , found similar results . It concluded that "  conservative candidates used this medium  Twitter  more effectively , conveying a coherent message and maintaining a dense graph of connections . " The authors of the University of Michigan study also praised what they saw as impressive consistency across the messages of the Tea Party , the grassroots small-government movement that has managed to unseat powerful Republican incumbents such as Sen. Richard Lugar . Meanwhile , the left-leaning Occupy Wall Street movement has been criticized for an incoherent agenda and is sputtering towards political oblivion . Republicans have made a concerted effort to beef up their social-media presence since 2008 , in part by recruiting tech-savvy staffers to train members of Congress in how to use social networks . Unfortunately for them , these digital-messaging skills have n't always spilled over into general campaigning . President Obama 's re-election team has hired an army of PhDs to construct the "  Dashboard , " a so-called Holy Grail of campaign tech that orchestrates volunteer canvassing in real time . The system relays crucial data back to a team of statisticians , who then can reroute the entire organization to optimally target malleable voters . When it comes to the liberal tradition of grassroots organizing , Democrats still may have a home-field advantage . Yet when it comes to actual governing , Republicans have shed their Luddite stereotype . This means Democrats have a reason to up their game as well . Let 's hope these innovations spark a high-tech arms race that will raise the bar for how America is governed in the 21st century . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Gregory Ferenstein .	A Republican-designed online platform implements public suggestions on pending laws When it comes to actual governing , Republicans have shed their Luddite stereotype Rep. Darrell Issa : "  Technology should reduce the size of government " A study found Republicans in Congress use Twitter more effectively than Democrats
CNN  -- One day , a rather inconsiderate caveman turned to his cavewoman and said , "  You know , Diane , you should really think about shaving your legs . " To which she replied , "  Shut up , Kevin . Get a job . " Having yet to successfully create fire or invent the wheel , caveman Kevin was , all in all , sort of a lousy cave-husband . And , quite frankly , Diane was tired of being told what to do by a naked man who spent most of his time playing Golden Tee in a cave with his friends . So she kept her legs just as they were . And nothing changed until around the 1940s . Which was a considerably long time . Caveman Kevin never got to see his dream come true . Though he did finally ace the par-three eighth at Coconut Beach . Obviously , there 's no singular moment in history when Western women decided to start shaving their legs , but it was around the time of World War II when it sort of became a popular practice in America . And , consequently , it was about that same time when many Western men collectively decided that the presence of female leg hair was pretty much the worst thing in the entire world . Save for Nazis . But it was a close second . Of course , not every woman does it , not every woman should , and some women simply do n't even need to . Nevertheless , the desire for smooth feminine legs spread throughout many places in the world . Which is why one particular hairy legged image went insanely viral this week after it was posted on the Chinese microblogging site Sina Weibo . It was n't just that these legs were cartoonishly covered in such a forest of grizzly scruff that Robin Williams ' arms sent them a formal letter of surrender . It was the suggestion that these may have actually been hairy stockings for women , designed with the purpose of scaring away drooly men with lurking eyes . The Chinese trend-watching site ChinaSMACK translated the picture 's caption as : Super sexy , summertime anti-pervert full-leg-of-hair stockings , essential for all young girls going out . Just like the other millions of people who saw this , I immediately searched all over the Web for any site where the stockings might be sold , and came up with nothing . Which was unfortunate , because , to the right buyer , they could make for a really funny bank robbery . "  Give me all the money ! " "  Tee hee . OK . " Of course , the real question is : Are they real ? My gut  and all seven of my functioning brain cells  tells me no , but my heart wants to say yes . I simply need to believe that something this ridiculous might actually exist , for it confirms my longstanding suspicion that when it comes to good ideas , the world sort of topped out at the football phone . However , if you look closely at the image , the leg hair just seems far too natural to be synthetic . But , then again , there IS a fairly defined cutoff at the ankle , which suggests that maybe -- just maybe -- these are truly some form of leggings . I still do n't think that 's what they are , but , for the sake of argument , let 's just assume we 're dealing with an actual product . Thus , we have to ask : Who would buy them ? Well , as the ChinaSMACK caption translation suggests , the supposed stockings are for any girl who wants to go out and not be bothered by ogling men . Or , perhaps , they 're just for any girl who hopes to be courted by a gorilla . "  Hi , I 'm Gary . Can I buy you a banana ? " Still , for those really wanting to avoid the low wandering eyes of dudes on the street , one has to wonder whether this is really a better solution than , say , pants . Or a dress . Or a one-piece black leather Catwoman suit . OK , maybe not that last one . Of course , many women simply do n't want to fully cover up during the summer heat . Nevertheless , hairy leg stockings are still sort of an extreme measure . And , on top of that , you also dangerously risk attracting that super-creeper one who 's very particular and absolutely lives for this sort of thing . That 's probably the guy you want to avoid in the first place -- the hairy-leg-loving mouth breather who rides the bus all day . "  Mother said I 'd meet a girl like you . " So , the online debate continues . Real or fake ? Useful or not ? Either way , the ghost of caveman Kevin is not impressed .	An image claiming to be "  hairy leg " stockings appeared on a Chinese blog Trend-watching site ChinaSMACK suggests they 're designed to be anti-pervert Many do n't believe the stockings are real since they ca n't be found for purchase
BERLIN , Germany  CNN  -- Madame Tussauds says it will repair the wax figure of Adolf Hitler beheaded by a visitor over the weekend and return it to its Berlin exhibition space as soon as possible . A wax likeness of Adolf Hitler sits in Berlin 's Madame Tussaud 's wax museum before Saturday 's attack . German police said that a 41-year-old man entered the exhibit shortly after the museum doors opened Saturday and "  made for the Hitler figure , " scuffling with a guard and the manager before tearing the head off the life-size statue . A police spokesman confirmed to CNN that the man was a former policeman , having spent three years in police training between 1984 and 1987 . He did not finish that police training , for personal reasons . The man was released from police custody late afternoon on Saturday . Watch a museum official describe the attack " Despite the incident , Madame Tussauds officials said they will show the waxwork of Adolf Hitler in the exhibition again . In a statement the Museum said : "  Madame Tussauds is non-political and makes no comment or value-judgement either on the persons who are exhibited in the Museum or on what they have done during their lifetime . "  Figures are chosen for their popularity or for their influence on the path of history -- for better or for worse . Adolf Hitler stands for a decisive part of Berlin 's history , which can not be denied . " Saturday was the opening day of the Berlin branch of the famous Madame Tussauds wax museum . The presence of the waxwork , which depicted the Nazi dictator sitting at his desk in his bunker shortly before he committed suicide in 1945 , in the new museum led to criticism in German media over recent weeks . But the museum 's defenders argued Hitler 's role in German history must not be ignored . Hitler was shown with a sullen expression , his head slightly down , and one hand on the desk . Berlin is the eighth wax museum for London-based Madame Tussauds , known for its lifelike waxworks depicting famous people including celebrities , politicians , sports stars , artists , and scientists . Famous Germans included in the exhibits are Chancellor Angela Merkel , scientist Albert Einstein , composer Johann Sebastian Bach , and tennis champion Boris Becker . CNN 's Diana Magnay contributed to this report .	Hitler waxwork damaged by a man in Berlin 's Madame Tussauds to be repaired Museum : "  Hitler stands for decisive part of Berlin 's history , which can not be denied " 41-year-old said he wanted to protest the figure being included among exhibits Police said man being investigated for causing damages and injury to a guard
CNN  -- A Norwegian shipping firm has ordered its vessels to avoid the waters off the Horn of Africa and criticized governments for failing to curb a wave of piracy after Somalia-based hijackers seized their largest prize to date . Image taken by the U.S. Navy of pirates leaving a captured merchant vessel in the Gulf of Aden . The decision by the maritime company Odfjell SE means its 90-plus ships will take the additional time and expense to sail around the southern tip of Africa instead of going through the Suez Canal , a shortcut for mariners for nearly a century and a half . "  It is a huge step , but what we have seen is that the piracy activity in the area has increased , " the company 's president , Terje Storeng , told CNN . "  We have thought about the crew on board the ships and we do n't want them to be exposed to this risk of being hijacked any longer . " Storeng said in a statement the company will still sail through the Gulf of Aden only if explicitly committed to doing so by existing contracts . The Gulf of Aden , which lies between the Horn of Africa and the Arabian peninsula , is the gateway to the southern Red Sea , which is linked to the Mediterranean by the Suez Canal . Going around the Cape of Good Hope would add thousands of kilometers to a voyage from the Middle East to Europe or North America . Map of the new route " The announcement followed Monday 's news that the 300,000-metric-ton oil tanker Sirius Star was captured by pirates in the Indian Ocean over the weekend . The hijacking took place more than 720 km  450 miles  off the Kenyan port of Mombasa , well south of the zone patrolled by international warships in an effort to clamp down on the pirates . Watch more about the tanker hijacking " "  This is the furthest out to sea that we 've seen any attack , so it 's concerning to us , " Lt. Nathan Christensen , a U.S. Navy spokesman in Bahrain , told CNN . "  The pirates are certainly expanding their ability to attack ships out to sea . " The 330-meter  1,080-foot  ship , owned by a subsidiary of the Saudi Aramco oil company , was headed for an anchorage off the Somali coast early Tuesday . The pirates typically hold the crews hostage and attempt to extract a ransom from the owners of the vessels . The hijacking of the Sirius Star , which launched earlier this year , is part of a recent upsurge of attacks off east Africa , according to the International Maritime Bureau . The attacks are spreading farther north to the Gulf of Aden and farther south off the Kenyan coast , said Noel Choong , who heads the bureau 's Piracy Reporting Center , which monitors attacks around the world from its base in Kuala Lumpur , Malaysia . "  The risks are low and the returns are extremely high for these pirates , " Choong told CNN . Pirates know that their chances of getting killed or captured during a hijacking are very low , he said . The IMB issued a warning November 14 about the possibility of attacks south of Somalia , Choong said . The next day , pirates hijacked the Sirius Star . The oil tanker , known in the industry as a "  very large crude carrier , " was following the route around the Cape of Good Hope when it was attacked because it was too big to go through the Suez with a full load , said Arthur Bowring , managing director of the Hong Kong Shipowners Association . "  These pirates seem to be incredibly well-equipped and very well armed and very well informed about shipping , " Bowring told CNN . "  They would appear to be able to go anywhere to get these tankers . " The Sirius Star is the largest vessel ever to be attacked by pirates , Choong said . It is carrying a crew of 25 , from Croatia , Britain , the Philippines , Poland , and Saudi Arabia . Odfjell 's president said the detour around the cape will take between six and 12 days longer than going through the Suez . Storeng would not say how much extra the deviation would cost , though he said Odfjell would ask its customers to contribute to the extra cost . "  On the other hand , we will not pay the duties to pass the Suez Canal , " he said . "  That 's quite an expensive canal passage . The duties there are quite heavy . " Odfjell operates a fleet of chemical carriers , and similar ships have been among those hijacked in recent months . In its statement , the Norwegian company said it was "  frustrated " by what it called the "  limited interest " shown in securing the high seas . "  The efforts that are being made do not seem to put an effective end to what can best be described as ruthless , high-level organized crime , " Storeng said . Storeng said the company has suffered one attack , about a month ago in the same area , but the captain and crew managed to deflect the pirates by using the ship 's firefighting system . He said Odfjell prefers to travel with escort vessels instead of hiring private on-board security . "  We feel that taking on board a ship armed people , and having the risk of shooting at the chemical tankers with explosive cargos on board , is not a good idea , " he told CNN . "  We do n't want to have a big blow-up . We prefer to have escort of naval ships as compared to having people on board to protect us with guns . We do n't feel that is a good option . " But the U.S.-led naval mission that patrols the Horn of Africa said successful attacks have decreased in recent weeks . Russian and British warships have fended off pirate attacks on commercial shipping in the past week , authorities in those countries have reported . Some experts say the area is too vast to be successfully patrolled by government or military ships , and that pirates take advantage of it . -- CNN 's David McKenzie in Nairobi , Kenya , and Caroline Faraj in Dubai , United Arab Emirates , contributed to this report .	Odfjell : Ships will take additional time , expense to sail around south of Africa Company to sail through Gulf of Aden only if contractually obliged to Pirate attacks have increased sharply in perilous Gulf of Aden region this year Multinational naval force has been patrolling the area to provide protection
CNN  -- Hermine dumped rain on the San Antonio , Texas , area Tuesday before bringing the same , along with tornado watches and flash-flood warnings , to the central and northern parts of the state . As of 8 p.m. ET , the center of Hermine , downgraded to a tropical depression , was about five miles  about eight kilometers  southwest of Brady . Its maximum sustained winds were at 35 mph  55 kph  . It was moving north at about 20 mph  33 kph  . However , Hermine still packed enough of a punch to cause flooding in the San Antonio area . Between 1 and 3 inches of rain an hour fell over the city , according to CNN meteorologists , citing weather radar . Hermine could drop between 4 to 6 inches of rain on portions of the state and prompt flash floods , forecasters said . Isolated tornadoes were possible overnight . Portions of Interstate 35 were closed because of flooding over the road in San Antonio , according to the Texas Department of Transportation . At least 22 other roads also were closed by high water , said Melissa Sparks of the San Antonio Fire Department . Strong wind blew off the roof of an apartment complex , said Laura Jesse of the Bexar County fire marshal 's office . There were no reports of injuries . "  It 's rain and a lot of wind , " said CNN iReporter Caroline Radtke of San Antonio , who shot a video of the weather spawned by Hermine . "  I 'm still wet from it . " She shot her video around noon , and nearly two hours later said , "  It 's almost worse now . " Hermine made landfall slightly over the Mexican border near Brownsville , Texas , on Monday night . "  It was pretty loud last night , " said CNN iReporter Jeremy Williams of Weslaco , Texas , about 45 miles northwest of Brownsville . He said the gusts began to calm about 2 a.m. or 3 a.m. , "  but for a while , it was just pounding winds . " He said gusts of up to 60 mph were reported about 20 miles to the east , in Harlingen . A wind gust of 56 mph was reported at Kingsville , Texas , just before 7 a.m. ET , forecasters said . Footage from CNN affiliate KTRK in Galveston , Texas , showed huge waves hammering the coastline . A storm surge was forecast to raise water levels by as much as 1 to 3 feet along southern Texas , forecasters said . Water levels were gradually receding , but will probably remain above normal for the next day or so . Tropical storm-force winds extended outward up to 45 miles from the center of the storm . Williams said he did not lose power , but others in the Rio Grande Valley did . As of about 11 a.m. Tuesday , he said , "  the skies look really clear " and the sun was out , with temperatures in the mid-80s . "  It 's actually really nice out today , " he said . Joseph Tomaselli , a meteorologist at the National Weather Service in Brownsville , said flooding and fallen trees , signs , power lines and power poles were reported in Brownsville and Cameron County on Tuesday morning . CNN 's Sean Morris and Ashley Hayes contributed to this report .	NEW : Hermine downgraded to tropical depression Tornado watches issued in north Texas Hermine triggers flooding and road closures in San Antonio All coastal watches and warnings for Hermine have been canceled
CNN  -- Energetic , infectious and combative , the music of Nigerian musician Femi Kuti has moved audiences around the world . But the man is just as passionate about getting people to change their world as much as move their feet . Son of Afrobeat pioneer and political activist Fela Kuti , Femi inherited his father 's zeal for both music and activism . Kuti was signed to Motown Records in 1994 and his music blends Afrobeat with more current soul , R&B and jazz . He 's worked with rappers Mos Def and Common and continues to explore his music and collaborations . While the music matters , the man himself remains just as politically motivated as his father . Kuti 's nightclub in Lagos , the New Afrika Shrine , had become a Mecca for West African music and creative expression , until it was closed by the authorities earlier in the summer . It was also homage to his father and continued his legacy of using music to inspire , change and motivate . Kuti recently told a reporter for All Africa Global Media that the Shrine was a place of worship where people can honor "  great black people , who fought for the emancipation of Africa through music . " Freeing the "  Shrine " from being under lock and key is just one of his crusading missions , as with his band , The Positive Force , Kuti remains outspoken about Nigeria , corruption and the positive changes that Africa can achieve . Watch Femi Kuti on African Voices on Saturday , October 31 , 12.30 and 18.30 GMT ; Sunday , November 1 , 18.00 GMT .	Nigerian musician Femi Kuti is son of Afrobeat pioneer Fela Kuti Inherited his father 's passion for music and political activism Nightclub in Lagos recently closed by authorities ; remains politically outspoken
Gore , Georgia  CNN  -- Duncan Shropshire stops at the edge of the treeline , where the meadow becomes a forest . His yellow linen shirt is misbuttoned and crooked , leaving the bottom of his belly slightly exposed . His 8-year-old daughter , Mia-Grace , stands a foot or so behind him , wiping her runny nose with the sleeve of her blue sweatshirt . After about a minute , she lets out a sigh of boredom . Shropshire , 51 , clasps his daughter 's hand and begins leading her into the Northwest Georgia forest . "  This is where your ancestors are buried , back here , " Shropshire says . "  C'mon , I 'll show you . " And with a loving tug , Duncan Shropshire shares with his daughter a key piece of their family 's history . Still holding hands , the pair weaves through the maze of thin pines , stepping over fallen oaks and basketball-sized sinkholes . Mia-Grace stays silent while her father seems singularly focused on moving forward . After five minutes , they reach a large clearing where rows of fist-sized rocks bulge out of the ground . Each rock sits atop small depressions in the ground . "  You see those humps in the ground ? " Shropshire asks . "  Uh-huh , " Mia-Grace replies . "  Those are rows of graves . They 're stacked like spoons here , " Shropshire says . "  There was a lot of people here . People of the 1800s are buried here . And I 'm trying to keep it in your memory the way granddaddy kept it in mine so it wo n't be forgotten . " The two crouch over a large , flat rock with the words "  Lewis Dickson , 4 " scratched into it . To the left of the marker is a row of 12 rocks . To the front , there are four other rows of stones , varying in number . "  How long did they bury our kin here ? " Mia-Grace asks . "  They started in the early 1800s , baby , " Shropshire answers . "  They worked our people to death here . They were slaves . And probably about 1905 is when they stopped burying in this area . Your great-great-great grandfather , a  slave-owning  man named Wesley , he had five children by this slave woman , your great-great-great grandmother . She is buried over here on this side . Her name is Molly . " Mia-Grace 's light green eyes get big . "  I 'm worried I might step on them , " she says . "  Oh , baby , " Shropshire says with a laugh , "  they 're gone . They 're gone ! They 're sleeping right now , waiting for the Lord to come . " A "  rare " and "  special " place The Shropshire gravesite is in the Appalachian foothills outside Gore , Georgia . About 1,000 feet from the clearing is an old , abandoned church on a dusty dirt road . Experts say that if slaves or former slaves are buried at the site , it would be a unique archeological find . "  In Appalachia , it would be extremely rare to have a black or slave graveyard , " explained Ruth Little , co-author of "  Sticks and Stones : Three Centuries of North Carolina Gravemarkers . " "  The farms in Appalachia were small , and there were fewer slaves . " Little says slave cemeteries in the area would have been marked with field stones , like the rocks at the site , or wooden stakes that burned down . "  It 's very regional and very local , " Little continued . "  I 've seen on the coastal area with graves marked with seashells . " Other grave markers used in black burial cites throughout the Southeast include iron pipes , broken dishes , cups , bottles and live cedar trees , according to Chicora Foundation Executive Director Michael Trinkley . He specializes in cemetery preservation . "  The problem with preserving these types of sites is that African-American cemeteries are hard to find , " Trinkley said . "  You can think of the people buried there as the invisible dead . And not knowing where they are , or how many there are , makes them susceptible to loss . " Even if gravesites are recognized , they still might be destroyed for development . Trinkley points to the low country of South Carolina . "  The areas that were used for burial grounds , " Trinkley explained , "  those areas were close to water . They were considered waste areas , places where burying slaves was n't a significant loss to the planter . Those areas today are among the most sought-after for real estate . " Officials in Chattooga County , where the site is located , say that they are unaware of any grave sites in the hills near Gore and that the site needs to be registered with the library as a cemetery before it can be considered for protection through local ordinances . Trinkley and Little both say the potential historical importance of grave sites warrant investigation by local or state officials . "  What if in that grave was your mother or your child ? " Trinkley asked . "  It 's an issue of respect and an issue of dignity . It 's the last decision society and the individual make together . " "  There are n't many traceable slave graveyards , and each one is special in it 's own way , " Little added . She says the Shropshire family can point to that spot and say , "  This is where we 're from ; this is where our roots are . " Two cemeteries for two ancestors Shortly before sunset , Mia-Grace and Duncan Shropshire head over to an old white cemetery about a mile from the forest gravesite . The dates on the gravestones suggest that it was used around the same time as the forest cemetery . There , Shropshire and Mia-Grace walk over to a marble headstone that tops 10 feet . In front of it is a small plastic Confederate flag flapping in the breeze . "  This is Wesley Weatherspoon Shropshire . ... He was one of the colonels in the Civil War for the Confederacy , " Shropshire says . "  He had five children by way of a slave he owned by the name of Molly . " "  My great-great grandmother ? " Mia-Grace asks . "  Your great-great-great grandmother , " Shropshire corrects her . He turns to point toward another grave site when Mia-Grace notices her father 's misbuttoned shirt . She stops him mid-sentence and begins to fix the crooked buttons . "  Why is Molly buried over there and Wesley over here ? " she asks . "  Because that 's the way it was , Mia , " Shropshire answers . Mia-Grace 's face is filled with intense concentration as she tries to undo the bottom button on her father 's shirt . Finally , she pries the button free . She looks up at her father and says assuredly , "  But people are people . It does n't matter what they are . They 're all the same . " "  That 's a good thing to think , but back then it was n't like that , Mia , " Shropshire tells her . "  The dark-skinned people were buried way back over yonder , and the light-skinned people were buried here . " Mia-Grace finally fixes her father 's shirt , leaving it straight . Then , she skips over to the other end of the cemetery . Shropshire watches her race across the lot . "  You ca n't do well in life if you do n't know your history . Without your history , you 're nothing , " he says . Mia-Grace playfully hides behind a large headstone , calling for her daddy to chase her . A quarter-way toward her , he stops , turns around and yells back , "  I reckon she 'll be buried wherever she wants to . "	Duncan Shropshire takes daughter Mia-Grave to see where ancestors are buried The family grave dates to the 1800s , Shropshire says Gravemarkers used in black burial sites include iron pipes , broken dishes , trees People were buried in different parts of the cemetery based on skin color , Shropshire explains
MOSCOW , Russia  CNN  -- A leading critic of Kremlin-backed leaders in the Russian republic of Ingushetia was fatally shot Sunday while being taken to a police precinct by officers , Reporters without Borders said . Yevloyev was a critic of regional President Murat Zyazikov  left  , seen here with Vladimir Putin . The authorities in the volatile province in southern Russia said Magomed Yevloyev was shot in the head accidentally while resisting arrest , the Paris-based non-governmental organization reported . Officials have launched a probe , according to the Russian news agency Interfax . Yevloyev was the owner of Ingushetiya.ru , a Web site that frequently took to task local leaders in Ingushetia , a small Russian republic bordering Chechnya in the North Caucasus , just north of Georgia . According to The Associated Press , the site 's deputy editor Ruslan Khautiyev said that Yevloyev arrived in Ingushetia from Moscow on Sunday on the same plane as regional President Murat Zyazikov . He said the police blocked the jet on the runway after it landed in Ingushetia 's provincial capital , Magas , boarded the plane and took Yevloyev off . Yevloyev was then whisked away in a car and later dumped at the side of a road with a gunshot wound to the head , he said . An impoverished province with a largely Muslim population , Ingushetiya has suffered for almost a decade from unrest spilling over from neighboring Chechnya . President Zyazikov 's administration is battling a low-level Islamist insurgency , who launch frequent attacks on Russian servicemen and law enforcement officials . In response , Russia has launched a counterinsurgency campaign that has been criticized by human rights group for abuses such as arbitrary detentions and extra-judicial executions . Over the years , Yevloyev had fiercely criticized Zyazikov . Last year , he accused Zyazikov on his Web site of hiring hit-men to kill him , Reporters Without Borders said . -- CNN 's Maxim Tkachenko contributed to this report .	Magomed Yevloyev arrested shortly after arriving in Ingushetia Yevloyev owned a Web site critical of Ingushetia government Site 's Deputy editor : Yevloyev dumped at side of road with gunshot wound to the head Yevloyev had criticised police treatment of civilians in the region
CNN  -- Would you pay to be handcuffed and locked in a dark room ? Or blindfolded with four of your friends and shut in a prison cell ? Thousands in Hong Kong have answered yes to those questions , taking part in a new game that challenges teams to break free from sticky situations by solving puzzles , sussing-out clues and breaking codes . Participants say the attraction lies in seeing your video-game or movie fantasies come to life . "  It 's not any normal kind of entertainment , " said student Kelly Tsang , after she and four friends failed to break free from Dr. Alpha 's Laboratory , which featured a "  Mission Impossible " style laser maze . "  We normally go shopping or to a movie . " "  Freeing HK " charges players around $ 16 each to take part in one of the games , with names like "  Prison Break " and "  The Lost Chamber . " Each challenge lasts 45 minutes and only about a quarter of participants manage to escape , owners said . Despite the spooky music and claustrophobic surroundings , the atmosphere here is more Sherlock Holmes than horror movie . Teams can have one clue from the organizers if they get stuck . The hallway is plastered with signs from players holding signs that read either "  We 're Free " or "  We Failed . " Allan Lam , a hotel clerk who came to play with a group of his colleagues , believes the real escapades were a lot harder than the virtual ones . To pick a lock in video games , "  you just click , " he said , but in real life it 's a much tougher task . But people seem to like the challenge . More than 7,000 people have played since the doors opened in November . Two new locations are expected to open by the end of May . They 'll offer new games with names like "  Vampire Castle " and "  Around the World . " The owners say it can take about 20 staffers up to a month to design a single game . Instant Wan and Raymond Sze , two of Freeing HK 's founders , said the idea came from popular video games . "  So many people are sitting in front of a computer in a virtual world . We want to bring them into the real world , " Wan said . And if Wan and Sze have their way , that world will be home to many more locations of "  Freeing HK . " "  We plan to expand to Mainland China , Macau and other places in Asia first . And we think if there are any chances , we will expand to other countries as well , " Wan said .	A hit new game in Hong Kong is bringing people 's video fantasies to life Teams need to crack codes and solve puzzles to break free from challenges Challenges last 45 minutes and only about a quarter of participants escape More than 7,000 people have played since it opened in November 2012
CNN  -- American Airlines announced Tuesday it will resume commercial flights into Port-au-Prince , Haiti , on Friday , making it the first airline to do so . Commercial flights ended on January 12 , when a 7.0-magnitude earthquake killed more than 200,000 people and damaged many of the country 's buildings , including some at Toussaint Louverture International Airport , in the capital . The first flight will depart Miami International Airport in Florida at 6:40 a.m. , arriving at 8:35 a.m. in Port-au-Prince , American Airlines said in a news release . "  This is that crack in the dam that we so badly needed and our passengers so badly wanted , to start moving regularly scheduled traffic into and out of Haiti , " spokesman Tim Smith told CNN Radio . "  We 'll start out with three main flights a day from south Florida , two from Miami and one from Fort Lauderdale . Then we 'll also fly a JFK New York flight into Haiti four days a week . " Smith said that , despite damage to the airport , the airline was prepared to deal with passengers . "  One of the things we did very soon after the earthquake is that , as we were going in carrying relief supplies , we also sent in some American employees and folks from a construction firm that we worked with on the mainland to actually begin working to repair our facilities there at the Port-au-Prince terminal . " Haitian customs officials will work out of a cargo facility because of damage at the main terminal , Smith said . "  These flights serve as major milestones toward helping the country rebuild , " Peter Dolara , American 's senior vice president for Mexico , the Caribbean and Latin America , said in the news release . "  With commercial air service restored , we can better connect loved ones and provide consistent transportation to and from Haiti . " Also beginning March 12 , American Eagle will commence new service into Port-au-Prince from San Juan , Puerto Rico , and daily flights from the Dominican Republic cities of Santo Domingo and Santiago . "  We have begun our journey to recover from the catastrophic earthquake , but with support from companies like American Airlines , we hope it wo n't be nearly as long , " said Ralph Latortue , consul general of Haiti in Florida . American has served Haiti since 1971 and employs more than 100 people in Port-au-Prince , according to the airline . Since the day after the earthquake , American Airlines and American Eagle have continued flying into and out of Haiti -- carrying relief workers , medical personnel , humanitarian aid and evacuating hundreds of people . A spokeswoman for Spirit Airlines , which had a daily flight from Fort Lauderdale to Port-au-Prince , said the company was working to gain approval to resume its flights beginning Friday . "  We 're awaiting the response from the airport , " said spokeswoman Misty Pinson . A spokesman for Delta Air Lines said it was working with Haitian authorities to reinstate service "  as quickly as possible . " The work on the American Airlines terminal was carried out by Odebrecht , a Sao Paulo , Brazil-based construction company that built American 's terminal at Miami International Airport , said spokeswoman Renata Pinheiro . A cargo building that was undamaged by the earthquake was transformed into a terminal , and immigration and customs services were located there , she said . A terminal that suffered only minor damaged was fixed . "  It was n't a reconstruction of the airport itself , it was really making it operational , " she said about the effort . The company 's workforce of 75 included 30 Haitian baggage handlers who "  became construction helpers , " she said . "  Odebrecht 's people trained them to do welding and painting . The really cool thing that we 're super happy about is the fact that the whole thing came about in just three weeks . " Among the toughest challenges was finding construction supplies , the company said in a news release . Odebrecht solved that by obtaining materials in Puerto Rico and sending them by barge to the Dominican Republic , then moving them by truck to the Haitian capital . "  This has been a genuine labor of love , but also one of absolute commitment , " said Antonio Pinto , Odebrecht 's project executive in Haiti . "  In the most basic human terms , it is essential to reopen this airport and to reconnect the people of Haiti with their families and friends abroad . " The company 's other projects include rebuilding and fortifying levees in New Orleans , Louisiana , under contract with the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers .	American will resume service Friday morning The airline has been working to repair earthquake damage to the terminal Spirit Airlines is waiting for approval to resume daily flight from Florida
WASHINGTON , Illinois  CNN  -- Ty Ziegel peers from beneath his Marine Corps baseball cap , his once boyish face burned beyond recognition by a suicide bomber 's attack in Iraq just three days before Christmas 2004 . Ty Ziegel , a Marine , was badly wounded in Iraq . He battled the VA over disability benefits when he returned . He lost part of his skull in the blast and part of his brain was damaged . Half of his left arm was amputated and some of the fingers were blown off his right hand . Ziegel , a 25-year-old Marine sergeant , knew the dangers of war when he was deployed for his second tour in Iraq . But he did n't expect a new battle when he returned home as a wounded warrior : a fight with the Department of Veterans Affairs . "  Sometimes , you get lost in the system , " he told CNN . "  I feel like a Social Security number . I do n't feel like Tyler Ziegel . " His story is one example of how medical advances in the battlefield have outpaced the home front . Many wounded veterans return home feeling that the VA system , specifically its 62-year-old disability ratings system , has failed them . Watch Ziegel display his model skull " "  The VA system is not ready , and they simply do n't have time to catch up , " Tammy Duckworth -- herself a wounded veteran who heads up the Illinois Department of Veteran Affairs -- told the Senate Veterans Affairs Committee in March . VA Acting Secretary Gordon Mansfield said cases like Ziegel 's are rare -- that the majority of veterans are moving through the process and "  being taken care of . " He also said most veterans are fairly compensated . "  Any veteran with the same issue , if it 's a medical disability , ... it is going to get the same exact result anywhere in our system , " he said . More than 28,500 troops have been wounded in Operation Iraqi Freedom , including about 8,500 that have needed air transport , according to the U.S. military . See photos of these Iraq war heroes " A recent Harvard study found that the cost of caring for those wounded over the course of their lifetime could ultimately cost more than $ 660 billion . In Ziegel 's case , he spent nearly two years recovering at Brooke Army Medical Center in Texas . Once he got out of the hospital , he was unable to hold a job . He anticipated receiving a monthly VA disability check sufficient to cover his small-town lifestyle in Washington , Illinois . Instead , he got a check for far less than expected . After pressing for answers , Ziegel finally received a letter from the VA that rated his injuries : 80 percent for facial disfigurement , 60 percent for left arm amputation , a mere 10 percent for head trauma and nothing for his left lobe brain injury , right eye blindness and jaw fracture . "  I do n't get too mad about too many things , " he said . "  But once we 've been getting into this , I 'm ready to beat down the White House door if I need to . " "  I 'm not expecting to live in the lap of luxury , " he added . "  But I am asking them to make it comfortable to raise a family and not have to struggle . " Within 48 hours of telling his story to CNN this summer , the Office of then-VA Secretary Jim Nicholson acted on Ziegel 's case . The VA changed his head trauma injury , once rated at 10 percent , to traumatic brain injury rated at 100 percent , substantially increasing his monthly disability check . Duckworth , the Illinois VA chief , knows exactly what Ziegel and other severely wounded vets are going through . She lost both her legs when a rocket-propelled grenade struck her Blackhawk helicopter on November 12 , 2004 . Her right arm was also shattered . Watch how Duckworth 's wounds changed her life " She told CNN she received "  incredible care " at Walter Reed for 13 months , but soon realized the transition to the VA would n't be as smooth . "  I started worrying about the fact that maybe this country wo n't remember in five years that there are these war wounded , " Duckworth said . Garrett Anderson with the Illinois National Guard , for example , has been fighting the VA since October 15 , 2005 . Shrapnel tore through his head and body after a roadside bomb blew up the truck he was driving . He lost his right arm . The VA initially rejected his claim , saying his severe shrapnel wounds were "  not service connected . " Watch Anderson describe "  my arm was hanging there " " "  Who would want to tell an Iraqi or Afghanistan soldier who was blown up by an IED that his wounds were not caused by his service over there ? " said Anderson 's wife , Sam . After pressure from Sen. Dick Durbin of Illinois , the VA acted on Anderson 's case . He has since been awarded compensation for a traumatic brain injury . "  It upsets me that the VA system operates in a way that it takes people of power -- and who you know and what you know -- to get what you want , " said Anderson , who is now retired . When asked about Anderson 's case specifically , the VA 's Mansfield said such cases make him "  more dedicated " to fixing the system . In July , President Bush and a commission appointed to review the care of veterans returning from war announced the need for a complete overhaul of the disability ratings system , which dates back to World War II . The VA is now considering action on the commission 's recommendations . Ziegel eventually won his battle . Still he feels for so many others he believes are getting cheated by the system . "  We 're feeding the war machine , but you never think of the war machine that comes home and needs , you know , feeding back home , " he said . His family hopes they do n't have to fight the VA again . In August , Ty Ziegel 's brother , 22-year-old Zach Ziegel , was deployed to Iraq . "  I want to make the VA system better because if he has to go through anything I went through , that 's really going to upset me . That 'll make my fuse real short and hot , " Ty Ziegel said . E-mail to a friend	Ty Ziegel lost an arm , part of his skull when he was attacked in Iraq VA initially rated his brain injury at 0 % , meaning he got no compensation for it Another vet : VA rejected his claim , saying his wounds were "  not service connected " Ziegel : "  I want to make the VA system better "
Sanaa , Yemen  CNN  -- A Japanese diplomat was wounded when armed men tried to kidnap him in the Yemeni capital of Sanaa on Sunday morning , three Interior Ministry officials said . The diplomat resisted and was stabbed by the assailants , the officials said . The kidnapping attempt took place outside the diplomat 's residence . The Japanese embassy in Sanaa confirmed the attempted kidnapping and said the diplomat is being treated for minor wounds in a Sanaa hospital . The attackers fled the scene , the Yemeni Interior Ministry said . While kidnapping has long been a problem in Yemen , with tribes often using foreign nationals as a bargain chip in their dealings with the central government , the past 24 months have proven even more dangerous for foreigners . Europeans are considered especially high-value targets . Al Qaeda has been running kidnapping bids for well over a year , targeting foreigners .	The diplomat was stabbed outside his home in Sanaa Officials : He was wounded after he resisted a kidnapping attempt Kidnapping foreigners to use as bargaining chips has been a problem in Yemen
CNN Student News  -- March 31 , 2014 This Monday on CNN Student News , step inside a tremendous facility where first responders get on-the-job training for potential disasters . We 'll also cover a tense region near Ukraine 's border with Russia , and we 'll explain how NASA is turning to the public for its ideas on spacesuit style . And if you 've ever asked , "  What does the fox say ? " we have your answer . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , and a place for you to leave feedback . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . DAILY CURRICULUM Click here for a printable version of the Daily Curriculum  PDF  . Media Literacy Question of the Day : How might media coverage of disaster training affect public perceptions of first responders ? Key Concepts : Identify or explain these subjects you heard about in today 's show : 1 . geopolitical 2 . epicenter 3 . prototype Fast Facts : How well were you listening to today 's program ? 1 . According to the video : Why are some Ukrainian citizens guarding the northeastern border of their country ? What are these volunteer troops lacking ? What evidence is there that they have popular support in this region ? Why are Ukrainian troops on high alert along the border ? Why is there a sense of disbelief among some Ukrainian troops over the current situation ? How is the Russian government responding to the Ukrainians ' concerns ? 2 . Where was the epicenter of a magnitude 5.1 earthquake that hit Southern California this weekend ? About how many aftershocks have occurred ? When was the last time that a major earthquake struck this area ? 3 . What is Guardian Centers ? Where is this facility located ? Who are some of its clients ? What gave the facility 's founder the idea to build it ? According to the video , how has the center "  changed the game " for disaster response training ? 4 . Why is NASA redesigning its spacesuits ? How is the agency asking the public to participate in this redesign ? What is the actual purpose of NASA 's spacesuits ? What has been the cost of previous suits ? Discussion Questions : 1 . In the video , we hear the reporter refer to Russia and the U.S. as "  Cold War foes . " What do you know about the Cold War ? What kind of event was it ? When did it take place ? What countries were involved ? Why do you think that the Cold War has been referenced in some reports concerning the situation in Ukraine ? Do you think this is appropriate ? Why or why not ? 2 . Why do you think that a disaster training facility like Guardian Centers uses "  real props " ? How might realistic settings and objects provide a better training experience for first responders ? 3 . Have you ever participated in a disaster drill at your school ? What value do you think these kinds of drills have for students , staff and others who participate ? Why ? CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists and educators who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show and curriculum . We hope you use our free daily materials along with the program , and we welcome your feedback on them . FEEDBACK We 're looking for your feedback about CNN Student News . Please use this page to leave us comments about today 's program , including what you think about our stories and our resources . Also , feel free to tell us how you use them in your classroom . The educators on our staff will monitor this page and may respond to your comments as well . Thank you for using CNN Student News ! Click here to submit your Roll Call request .	This page includes the show Transcript and the Daily Curriculum Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary The Daily Curriculum offers the Media Literacy Question of the Day , Key Concepts , Fast Facts and Discussion Questions At the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculum
CNN  -- Real Madrid piled the pressure on Barcelona by moving six points clear at the top of Spain 's La Liga with a 5-1 thrashing of Granada on Saturday . Barcelona , seeking a fourth successive league title , now can not afford to slip up in Sunday 's trip to city rivals Espanyol . Jose Mourinho 's Real made the perfect start after the Spanish winter break as Karim Benzema netted twice and Cristiano Ronaldo extended his leading goal tally to 21 . It was Real 's 14th win in 17 league games for a total of 43 points from a possible 51 , with 61 goals for and 16 against . Benzema opened the scoring after 20 minutes after Ronaldo and Mesut Ozil combined well inside the box , but 14th-placed Granada surprisingly leveled soon after as Mikel Rico headed in a cross by Nigeria forward Ikechukwu Uche . Who will be January 's top transfer targets ? Spain defender Sergio Ramos restored the home side 's advantage as he powerfully nodded in Ozul 's 34th-minute corner , and Argentina forward Gonzalo Higuain made it 3-1 straight after the break with his 13th league goal this season after fullback Marcelo was allowed to surge into the box . Benzema made it safe in the 50th minute as the France forward controlled Xabi Alonso 's lofted diagonal pass and fired in a low shot for his 10th in La Liga and 16th overall . Ronaldo finally got on the scoresheet with a minute of regulation time remaining , as the world 's most expensive player -- who is on the shortlist for the FIFA Ballon d'Or award to be named on Monday -- fired in from the edge of the penalty area . That took the Portugal captain four goals clear of Barca 's Lionel Messi , who is hoping to win his third successive world player of the year title . Fourth-placed Levante face the prospect of losing ground on Valencia after being held to a 0-0 draw by visiting Real Mallorca . Valencia , who trail Barca by four points , can move six clear of their local rivals by winning at third-bottom Villarreal on Sunday . Levante did , however , stay four points clear of fifth-placed Osasuna , who also played out a stalemate at Real Sociedad as both those sides extended their unbeaten runs to six matches . Sevilla can leapfrog the Pamplona-based side with victory at Rayo Vallecano on Sunday . Malaga also had the chance to claim fifth by beating Atletico Madrid in Saturday 's late match , but there were no goals in that game either and the home side had to settle for going a point above Sevilla into sixth . Racing Santander moved above second-bottom Sporting Gijon , Villarreal and Vallecano with a 1-0 victory at home to Real Zaragoza that lifted the Cantabrians out of the relegation zone . Bernardo Espinosa 's winner in first-half injury time left Zaragoza five points adrift at the bottom of the table .	Karim Benzema scores twice as Spanish league leaders Real Madrid beat Granada 5-1 Cristiano Ronaldo scores his 21st goal in La Liga this season to extend lead over Lionel Messi Messi 's Barcelona team must win Sunday 's derby at Espanyol or lose ground in title race Fourth-placed Levante can only draw 0-0 with visiting Real Mallorca earlier on Saturday
CNN  -- New guidelines for the management of hypertension suggest that people 60 or older might be able to handle higher blood pressure readings than originally thought . Hypertension , which can lead to strokes , heart attack , kidney failure and death , is traditionally treated with medication and diet . The goal of most doctors is to keep their patient 's blood pressure below 140  systolic  / 90  diastolic  . But after reviewing mounds of evidence , a committee of experts now says the systolic number , especially in older people , can be higher at 150/90 . And many of these patients who were on medication would no longer need to be . It is not clear how many people would be affected by these new guidelines , but experts are estimating in the millions . The committee was asked to update the guidelines that have been in place for more than 30 years . They were published online Wednesday in the latest edition of the Journal of the American Medical Association . The group of 17 experts found no reason to change any other section of the guidelines . According to the report , "  There is strong evidence to support treating hypertensive persons aged 60 years or older to a BP goal of less than 150/90 and hypertensive persons 30 through 59 years of age to a diastolic goal of less than 90 . "  However , there is insufficient evidence in hypertensive persons younger than 60 years for a systolic goal , or in those younger than 30 years for a diastolic goal , so the panel recommends a BP of less than 140/90 for those groups based on expert opinion . "	Panel of experts publish findings in Journal of the American Medical Association Conclusion : People 60 and older might be able to handle higher blood pressure readings Traditionally , systolic number goal in that group is below 140 Now , they are saying people the number can be below 150 in that age group
CNN  -- Baseball great Nolan Ryan , president and chief executive officer of the Texas Rangers , was to undergo medical tests Monday after being hospitalized a day earlier , the Rangers said . Ryan was hospitalized in Houston , Texas , "  for what is believed to be a recurrence of the heart condition which he has previously experienced , " the team said in a statement . He was taken to the hospital Sunday after experiencing discomfort Sunday at his home in Georgetown , Texas , the statement said . Ryan expects to be released in a few days , the Rangers said . During 27 years in the major leagues , Ryan threw a record 5,714 strikeouts while playing for the New York Mets , the California Angels , the Houston Astros and the Texas Rangers . In 1999 , he was elected to the Baseball Hall of Fame , which says he had "  a blazing fastball that approached 100mph and a work ethic like none other . " CNN 's Matt Cherry contributed to this report .	Nolan Ryan was to undergo medical testing Monday He went to the hospital on Sunday after experiencing discomfort Problem believed to be recurrence of heart condition , team says
Bristol , Rhode Island  CNN  -- The Willcox family has long been accustomed to prolonged absences from their seafaring patriarch . In fact , run-ins with the law were not unusual , given the fact that Peter Willcox had spent decades working for the environmental activist group Greenpeace , which is well-known for its provocative , headline-grabbing protests . But no one expected the 60-year-old mariner to end up languishing in a Russian jail in the Arctic , facing up to 15 years in prison on charges of piracy . "  The situation he 's in now is just way too extreme , " said his wife , Maggy . She and other members of the Willcox family spoke to CNN in their first media interviews since Russian authorities arrested 30 passengers and crew members aboard the Greenpeace ship Arctic Sunrise last month . "  The activists have found themselves embroiled in something that has larger implications , " added Maggy Willcox . She married Willcox , the captain of the Arctic Sunrise , in February after the two had been friends for decades . "  He 's a very sweet , sweet man , and yet he 's this stalwart person in the face of any kind of crisis like what 's going on now , " said the newlywed . Willcox , a native of Norwalk , Connecticut , is the sole American citizen in a group of activists Greenpeace is now calling the "  Arctic 30 . " The 30 detainees include volunteers and crew members from South America , Europe , Australia , New Zealand as well as a Russian freelance photographer and ship cooks from Turkey and Ukraine . What happened in the Arctic Ocean On September 18 , two Greenpeace activists from the Arctic Sunrise attempted to scale an oil rig operated by the Russian energy Gazprom . They were planning to protest against Gazprom 's plans to drill for oil in the Arctic Ocean . The Investigative Committee of the Russian Federation later released an unedited video showing the tense stand-off that ensued . Two inflatable rafts operated by mask-wearing Russian security forces approached the platform . One Russian officer seized the rope an activist was using to try to climb the looming walls of the platform . Two other inflatable rafts from Greenpeace bobbed near by , periodically being drenched by water cannons fired from the oil platform . Greenpeace disputes Russia 's claim it found drugs on ship At one point , someone from above fired a series of shots into the water that struck perilously close to Greenpeace boats and Russian security rafts . Greenpeace activists could be seen holding their hands up in the air as a Russian officer aimed his pistol at them . Russian security forces initially detained the two activists who had climbed onto the oil rig . Later , they commandeered the Arctic Sunrise and towed it to the Russian port of Murmansk . There , Russian prosecutors pressed charges against all 30 of the detainees . Willcox 's 18-year-old daughter , Natasha , learned about her father 's arrest during her first weeks as a student at Roger Williams University in Rhode Island . "  I would ask -LSB- the Russians -RSB- to open a dictionary and read the definition of piracy , " she said . "  They tried to board an oil rig . They did n't try to hurt anyone . They did n't have weapons , " she added . According to the International Convention on the Law of the Sea , the definition of piracy is "  any illegal acts of violence or detention , or any act of depredation , committed for private ends by the crew or the passengers of a private ship or a private aircraft . " Russia 's president seems to agree that the charges of piracy do n't match the crime . Speaking to journalists at an international summit on the Arctic last month , Vladimir Putin said "  it is absolutely evident that they are , of course , not pirates . " But , he added , "  formally they were trying to seize that platform . " A court in Murmansk has denied bail to the Arctic 30 . On Thursday , 11 Nobel Peace Prize winners wrote a letter to Putin , calling on the Kremlin to "  reaffirm the right to nonviolent protest " and drop the "  excessive charges of piracy " against the activists . A legacy of peaceful protesting Peaceful protest has long been a way of life in the Willcox family . Willcox 's 91-year old father , Roger , campaigned against discrimination against Jewish students while studying at Harvard University . In 1949 , the senior Willcox founded an interracial housing cooperative in Norwalk , aimed at creating a community with "  no discrimination because of race , color , creed or politics . " The younger Willcox was only 12 when his father brought him from Connecticut to the Deep South to participate in civil rights marches . Peter "  often said that if he was n't arrested by the time he was 21 , he 'd be a great disappointment to his family , " recalled Maggy Willcox . By the time he was a teenager , Willcox was working as a crew member aboard the Clearwater , a sailing ship from which the folk singer Pete Seeger campaigned against pollution on the Hudson River . "  The logical next move was Greenpeace , " Roger Willcox said . In 1985 , Peter was the captain of the Greenpeace ship Rainbow Warrior when two explosions ripped through its hull while it was anchored in the port of Auckland in New Zealand . The ship sank , killing one passenger on board , Dutch photographer Fernando Pereira . A subsequent investigation by New Zealand authorities revealed French intelligence agents planted bombs on the ship . The deadly act of sabotage was apparently aimed at preventing Greenpeace from protesting against French nuclear tests in French Polynesia . Natasha Willcox said her father believed "  there 's a lot of people out there that kind of need to be woken up and given a little push ... ` Hey , this is what 's really happening and this is what we need to do to slow it down . ' " But his wife said Willcox showed some uncharacteristic reluctance before departing for the latest Greenpeace mission in the Arctic . By the time he was in the region , however , that hesitation appeared to have faded . The last postcard he sent to Maggy Willcox during a short stopover in Norway included an ominous final sentence : "  It will be a pretty cool action if the Russians have a sence -LSB- sic -RSB- of humor . Love you tons , P. " Greenpeace vigil for ` Arctic 30 ' held in Russia	Peter Willcox is one of 30 Greenpeace activists being held in Russia The 60-year-old mariner is facing up to 15 years in prison on charges of piracy The charges stem from an incident at a Russian oil rig in September Willcox 's wife : "  He 's this stalwart person in the face of any kind of crisis "
New York police have charged a man with murder after he allegedly shoved a Bronx resident to his death from a subway platform . Police arrested Kevin Darden , 34 , on Tuesday after the weekend incident in New York City . He was charged the same night he was detained . Wai Kuen Kwok , 61 , was standing on the platform at the subway station Sunday morning when a man pushed him in front of an oncoming train , authorities said . First responders pronounced him dead at the scene . The victim 's wife was with him . She was hospitalized for trauma , but was not physically injured . The suspect then fled the station . Police would not speculate whether there was an altercation between the victim and the suspect .	Bronx resident Wai Kuen Kwok , 61 , was killed by the oncoming train The victim 's wife was with him and was hospitalized for trauma Police arrested the suspect Tuesday following the weekend incident
CNN  -- Just like a popular celebrity , everybody wants a picture taken with her . On the street , people approach her to shake her hand . At public events and rallies , mothers put their children in her arms . And politicians do n't miss an opportunity to pose in pictures right next to her , the closer the better . Her name is Josefina Vazquez Mota . The 51-year-old mother of three girls wants to be the next Mexican president . The fact that she 's a woman , she has said , gives her a competitive advantage . "  Yes , I 'm here because I am a woman ; but above everything else , I 'm here because I have a political career focused on serving people , " Vazquez Mota says . Trained as an economist , the businesswoman and conservative politician is still married to her first boyfriend and high school sweetheart . She met Sergio Ocampo when she was 14 . The couple has raised three daughters in Mexico City ages 18 , 21 and 25 while leading successful careers . She jumped onto the national scene in 2000 when former President Vicente Fox named her social development minister . She was also recruited by Felipe Calderon , the current president , as education minister in 2006 ; she left that post in 2009 . She has been a member of the Mexican congress twice . At her campaign headquarters in Mexico City we talked about a controversial book she wrote in 1999 titled "  God , please make me a widow . " The title was risky then and it 's still risky today , especially for a woman who defines herself as a conservative . She says the book was not about bashing men , but about inspiring women to reach their full potential . The former minister says she came up with the title after seeing a friend of her mother 's who had just become a widow and was reflecting on her newly acquired freedom to pursue goals she had given up on . "  It was a book to invite women to lose their fear , to be bold , to face challenges and solve life problems , " Vazquez Mota says . Running for the highest office in Mexico has n't been easy . She was once asked how a woman with PMS is supposed to be the commander in chief . In the February 5 primary election of her party , the PAN , she defeated Ernesto Cordero  a former finance minister and the party leadership 's favorite  to win the nomination . Vazquez Mota says she has great admiration for other women who have become presidents in Latin America including Laura Chinchilla of Costa Rica and Michelle Bachelet of Chile . "  Bachelet warned me , " Vazquez Mota says , " ` If you end up being your party 's nominee you will be asked questions they would never ask a man . Do n't ever yield to the temptation of wearing a mustache to govern  or try to rule like a man  . ' " The first female Mexican governor took office in 1989 . It happened 36 years after women in Mexico finally got the right to vote . There have been four previous female presidential candidates , but Josefina Vazquez Mota is the first woman from a major political party with a real chance of winning . Vazquez Mota is running under the PAN , the party of current President Felipe Calderon , whose war on drugs and strategy against organized crime has divided Mexico . But the candidate says she still considers the president right in launching the offensive that has left an estimated 50,000 people dead since Calderon took office in December 2006 . Calderon "  has faced organized crime with great determination and courage . Anything else would 've been tantamount to complicity . The president resolved to fight against this threat to Mexican families . When I 'm president , there will be no truce with organized crime either , " Vazquez Mota says . As the candidate of the conservative PAN , she puzzles some supporters by taking moderate views on core issues . She says she 's firmly pro-life , but does not favor laws that criminalize women who undergo an abortion . She says she 's against gay marriage , but advocates for respect of an individual 's sexual orientation . "  It 's not inconsistent , " she says . "  When it comes to sexuality , I think the right of individuals to choose for themselves should be respected . That is a very personal choice . " In spite of her popularity  polls show she has made some progress in recent days  Vazquez Mota faces an uphill battle . Enrique Pena Nieto , a former governor from the state of Mexico and the PRI nominee , leads with double-digit margins in the polls in spite of blunders like being unable to name three books he has read . Vazquez Mota dismisses the polls and insists she still has a very real chance of winning the July presidential election . She also believes that the country that used to be known for machismo is finally ready to be led by a woman .	Josefina Vazquez Mota wants to be the next Mexican president The 51-year-old has worked for two presidents , been a member of Congress twice She is trained as an economist , is a businesswoman and conservative politician
CNN  -- Rick Perry is really starting to annoy me . When Rick Perry announced he was running for president back on August 13 , to tell you the truth I got a little excited . Now I know what you 're thinking -- James you are a big Democrat , why on earth would you be excited about Perry running for president ? And as Ricky used to tell Lucy -- I got some ` splainin to do . This was my thinking : Perry would get in and he would be a major force . After all he was governor of the state of Texas , great hair , been around politics for a while . He was the bona fide conservative complete with a pedigree to take on Romney . A giant fight to the death would ensue and they would bludgeon each other half to death -- you get the picture . Honestly , I enjoy nothing more than two Republicans going after each other . Secondly , when politics is interesting it is actually good for me . In case you have n't noticed , I 'm a cable television commentator -- the more interesting the campaign , the more coverage , the more I 'm on TV -- you get the drift . Also , as some of you may be aware of , I 've been known to give a speech or two in return for remuneration . The people that plan these sorts of things generally hire more political speakers when politics is interesting and in turn I 'll make more money and then John Boehner and Eric Cantor will start referring to me as a job creator . With the way things are shaping up now , the event planners might be more inclined to take a motivational speaker , a magician , or a square dance troop . Hey Rick -- you are costing me airtime and money . Third , there is a dirty little secret about political people that I 'm going to share with you . These political people include operatives , politicians , volunteers , bloviators , journalists , pundits , columnists , staffers -- we actually like politics and campaigns . Maybe you , like me , are a baseball fan . If you are , you want seven games because you actually like baseball . The same goes for politics -- if you really love it , you hope for a good race that goes on and you enjoy watching people who are skilled at doing this . It is literally painful to watch Rick Perry as a candidate . The case could be made that Rick Perry is the worst debater to ever run for president . As far as I know he ca n't even give a good speech . His appearance before the uber-right-winged Values Voters Summit was universally trashed . Not only can he not give an interview , he ca n't even roll out his stupid flat tax plan . He steps all over it by saying , "  Oh by the way , it 's optional anyway . " He has managed to couple the flat tax with the IRS bureaucracy in one sentence . Way to go Rick . I 'll be blunt with all you Perry supporters , it 's time to butter your guy because he 's toast . Every day it 's a new dumb thing . From birtherism , to convoluted tax policy , to inarticulate attacks , to woeful ignorance and even stupidity on foreign policy  Pakistani country ? Please  , to placing his wife under such stress that she is lashing out at everything around her . Not only is Rick Perry utterly incapable of running for president , he ca n't run his state , and in fact ca n't meet the basic requirement for any politician -- he ca n't even run his mouth . As if he has n't made a big enough fool of himself , he decides to go out and have lunch with Donald Trump and falls for the birther strategy . Good God , can this guy do anything ? I guess I should be fair to him , he has shown that he can get the same people he gave contracts to as governor of Texas to contribute to his campaign . Wow , what an achievement . To tell you the truth , it 's gotten so bad people in Louisiana are actually starting to make Texas jokes . If this thing gets any worse the people in Mississippi will be making Texas jokes -- then you 've really hit rock bottom . Rick , you have managed to embarrass yourself and irritate the hell out of me . So I guess you are good at something after all . PS : See where the media is reporting that Perry is "  retooling " his campaign . I think their problem is with the Indian , not the arrow . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of James Carville .	James Carville says Rick Perry is starting to get on his nerves He hoped Perry would give Romney a good fight , prolong interest in the race Instead Perry has been a weak candidate , with poor performances , Carville says Carville : Perry had lunch with Donald Trump and fell for the birther strategy -- a mistake
Belgrade , Serbia  CNN  -- After more than 15 years in hiding , onetime Bosnian Serb commander Ratko Mladic was in a Belgrade jail Friday to face charges that he presided over Europe 's worst massacre since World War II . Mladic was the highest-ranking fugitive to remain at large after the conflicts that accompanied the breakup of Yugoslavia in the 1990s . His arrest followed a three-year investigation , President Boris Tadic announced in a dramatic news conference Thursday morning . Tadic told CNN 's "  Connect the World " that he expected Mladic to be transferred to the U.N. war crimes tribunal for the former Yugoslavia "  within seven days . " He said Serbian authorities are still investigating who aided Mladic during his decade and a half on the run , but he called allegations that the country 's military sheltered him "  rubbish . " Notorious Hutu militia leader captured "  At the end of the day , he was protected by a very small group of people from his family , " Tadic said . He acknowledged that Mladic may have been aided by military officers early on , "  but at the end of that process , I do n't believe that , " Tadic said . Mladic 's lawyer , Milos Saljic , said Mladic 's hearing was halted and rescheduled for Friday when he could not address the judge "  because of his physical and psychological condition . " Saljic called the ex-general "  a ruin of a man " who has suffered two heart attacks and three strokes since 1996 . "  He is no longer the monumental personality he used to be , " Saljic said . He said doctors would evaluate whether Mladic is fit to return to court on Friday . Hundreds of riot police patrolled central Belgrade as the 69-year-old Mladic made his initial appearance on war crimes charges in a special Belgrade court . One squad chased away a crowd of 100 to 200 people , including one man who waved a Serbian flag , but they were far outnumbered by other people eating dinner or otherwise enjoying a warm spring night . The former Yugoslav army officer was the commanding general of Bosnian Serb forces during the 1992-95 war that followed Bosnia-Herzegovina 's secession from Yugoslavia . The International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia has charged him with leading a genocidal campaign against Bosnia 's Muslim and Croat populations , including "  direct involvement " in the 1995 killings of nearly 8,000 men and boys in the Muslim enclave of Srebrenica -- the worst European massacre since the Holocaust . However , Mladic remains a hero to some Serbs , and small outbursts of anger were seend in Belgrade late Thursday . A passenger in a speeding car hurled a full beer can at a Serbian television truck , while another driver shouted , "  I like Ratko Mladic " and an obscenity as he passed the courthouse . After midnight , three men stood beneath the building , clapping and chanting Mladic 's name . "  That man fought for us , for my father and mother , " 28-year-old Goran Stijela told CNN . One of his companions , Midorag Rodjenkov , called Mladic "  a martyr for Christ . " Mladic was transferred from Lazarevo , about 80 km  50 miles  north of Belgrade , earlier Thursday . In a statement issued after the arrest , the tribunal said it looked forward to his "  expeditious transfer " to its custody in The Hague , Netherlands , for trial . Once there , he will be allowed to enter a plea to the charges against him , which include genocide , crimes against humanity and violating the laws of war , the court said . "  The arrest of Mladic is a milestone in the Tribunal 's history and brings the institution closer to the successful completion of its mandate , " the tribunal said . The sole remaining fugitive from the court is former Croatian Serb leader Goran Hadzic , "  and the Tribunal hopes he will be arrested in the very near future . " Mladic is accused of leading a campaign of "  ethnic cleansing , " widespread killing , forcible deportations , torture , forced labor and physical , psychological and sexual violence during the Bosnian war . The international police agency Interpol praised the arrest as "  a triumph for international justice . " Interpol officials had met with Tadic in January to discuss closer cooperation in the hunt for war crimes suspects , the organization 's secretary-general , Ronald Noble , said in a statement on Mladic 's capture . "  After today 's arrest , no one should doubt Serbia 's commitment to the rule of law and justice , " Noble said . Tadic said the arrest will help the process of reconciliation throughout the Balkans and should pave the way for Serbia 's entry into the European Union . EU foreign policy chief Catherine Ashton hailed the arrest as a victory for "  the rule of law in Serbia " and praised Tadic and his government for "  this courageous action . " Mladic had been on the run since the Bosnian war ended in 1995 . The Croatian newspaper Jutarnji List was the first to report his arrest , saying police were doing DNA tests on a suspect to determine whether he was the notorious former commander . Mladic was the last fugitive from a triumvirate of Serbian leaders accused of genocide against Muslims and Croats as the three populations fought a brutal war over Yugoslav territory . Former Yugoslav President Slobodan Milosevic was toppled in 2000 and sent to face charges in The Hague , but he died in 2006 while the trial was still going on . Bosnian Serb leader Radovan Karadzic was arrested in July 2008 and is now on trial in The Hague . Karadzic was removed from power under the Dayton Peace accords that ended the Bosnian war . He went into hiding , grew a full white beard and long hair , and was working in an alternative medicine clinic in Belgrade -- right under the noses of authorities -- when he was captured . Karadzic has insisted on defending himself at The Hague . Prosecutors accuse him of deliberately obstructing the trial with delaying tactics , and judges have threatened to impose a defense lawyer on him if he does not cooperate . The Bosnian war was the longest of the conflicts spawned by the breakup of Yugoslavia in the early 1990s . Backed by the Milosevic government , Bosnian Serb forces seized control of more than half the country and launched a campaign against the Muslim and Croat populations . The United Nations declared Srebrenica to be a safe haven , and tens of thousands of Bosnian Muslims flooded in , expecting protection . But a small contingent of Dutch U.N. peacekeepers , lightly armed and aware that no reinforcements were coming , stood aside and allowed Mladic 's troops to overrun Srebrenica , leading to the slaughter . NATO intervened in the conflict , bombing Bosnian Serb military positions . The United States brought the leaders of the warring factions to an agreement in Dayton , Ohio , in 1995 , bringing the violence to an end . CNN 's Ivan Watson , Richard Allen Greene , Joe Sterling , Moni Basu and Lateef Mungin contributed to this report .	NEW : Mladic is "  a ruin of a man , " his attorney says NEW : A few supporters praise Mladic outside the courthouse Mladic was wanted on charges of genocide , extermination and murder Serbia 's president says he expects extradition within a week
CNN  -- A North Dakota newspaper is reviewing its policy against printing same-sex wedding announcements in response to a social media campaign that has drawn international scrutiny . It took less than 12 hours for the Fargo Forum to address the controversy Monday after the paper 's "  celebrations editor " e-mailed Allison Johnson , saying the paper would not publish her wedding announcement . Dianna Baumann also promised to refund the $ 25 publication fee . Johnson , 31 , channeled her disappointment into social media , drawing support from as far as Europe and Australia and sparking a petition on Change.org . By Monday night , the Fargo Forum editor had posted a statement on the paper 's Facebook page saying it was "  reviewing its policy about publishing same-sex announcements . " "  This is the second such request in recent months . We will communicate a decision once it 's made , " Forum Editor Matt Von Pinnon said . On Tuesday , Johnson and her fiancee , 27-year-old Kelsey Smith , met with the paper 's editor and publisher and said they left feeling hopeful . Johnson and Smith met in Minneapolis six years ago and became a couple in 2008 . The proposed wedding announcement described their plan to marry in New York on August 1 , followed by a reception on August 4 in Fargo , where Smith was born and raised . After receiving the rejection e-mail , Johnson took a screen shot of it and shared it with friend and iReporter Gia Rassier , who posted it on Twitter , CNN iReport and Facebook . The image was shared more than 600 times and "  spread like wildfire , " Rassier said . Johnson followed up with an open letter to the Fargo Forum and the mayor of Fargo and shared it on Facebook . "  It is a sad day when two people so in love , about to commit their lives to one another , can not even engage in the smallest of privileges to honor this union , " she wrote . "  I ask each of you reading this to explain to me WHY , in a city that we call home , where we are days away from becoming homeowners in Fargo , where we support every person that does good for their community , are we excluded from being able to announce our wedding celebration ? What makes two women or two men any different from other taxpaying married citizens of Fargo , N.D. ? " Regardless of the outcome , they said they knew the paper 's policy does n't reflect Fargo 's welcoming attitude toward the LGBT community . Besides , they said , the ensuing support has outweighed all the initial negativity . "  This is 10 times better than a little announcement in the local paper , " said Smith . "  I 'm still proud to call Fargo my home . "	Fargo Forum rejects same-sex couple 's wedding announcement Image of e-mail shared on Twitter , Facebook , iReport , prompts Change.org petition Fargo Forum editor and publisher meet with couple , promise to review decision Couple says ensuing support outweighs initial disappointment
CNN  -- Scientists hailed a new method of making stem cells as a breakthrough . But questions about the data used for the two studies published in Nature in January have led one of the co-authors to call for a retraction . Researchers had said they could turn mature cells into embryonic-like stem cells by stressing them in various ways , such as by putting them in an acidic environment . The embryonic-like stem cells can then be coaxed into becoming any other kind of cell possible . This method , demonstrated using white blood cells of mice , could be faster and simpler than existing methods . Scientists called them STAP , or stimulus-triggered acquisition of pluripotency , cells . Is it too good to be true ? Study co-author Teruhiko Wakayama , professor at the University of Yamanashi in Japan , told Japanese public broadcaster NHK this week he 's not confident anymore the experiments generated STAP cells . Doubts about the studies have been cropping up on blogs such as PubPeer in the weeks since their publication . The Riken Center for Developmental Biology in Kobe , Japan , said in February it was investigating "  alleged irregularities " in research by Haruko Obokata , lead author of the studies who works at Riken , Nature reported . Upon reviewing test data , Wakayama discovered multiple problems , including "  questionable images , " NHK reported . What 's more , outside experts were unable to reproduce the findings of Wakayama 's group ; Riken then disclosed detailed methods of making the cells , NHK reported . Wakayama told NHK he has requested that his co-authors retract the studies and then would like outside experts to do verification studies . He said he is "  no longer sure about the credibility of the data used as preconditions for the experiments , " NHK reported . A Riken official told The Japan News that "  the basis of the articles " -- the fact that STAP cells were produced -- "  is unshakable . " In a statement , Riken said that more time is needed to submit final conclusions of the ongoing investigation . The center said it is also considering retraction . Dr. Charles Vacanti , a study co-author , said in a statement that he stands by the research . "  I firmly believe that the questions and concerns raised about our STAP cell paper published in Nature do not affect our findings or conclusions , " said Vacanti , who is director of the Laboratory for Tissue Engineering and Regenerative Medicine at Brigham and Women 's Hospital in Boston . Harvard Medical School , with which Vacanti is also affiliated , said in a statement : "  We are fully committed to upholding the highest standards of ethics and to rigorously maintaining the integrity of our research . Any concerns brought to our attention are thoroughly reviewed in accordance with institutional policies and applicable regulations . " Stem cell breakthrough may be simple , fast , cheap The thriving science of stem cell research seeks to develop therapies to repair bodily damage and cure disease by being able to insert cells that can grow into whatever tissues or organs are needed . Before the technique described in Nature , the leading candidates for creating stem cells artificially were those derived from embryos and stem cells from adult cells that require the insertion of DNA to become reprogrammable . Stem cells are created the natural way every time an egg that is fertilized begins to divide . During the first four to five days of cell division , so-called pluripotent stem cells develop . They have the ability to turn into any cell in the body . Removing stem cells from the embryo destroys it , making this type of research controversial because some say an embryo is a human life . Researchers have also developed a method of producing embryonic-like stem cells by taking a skin cell from a patient , for example , and adding a few bits of foreign DNA to reprogram the skin cell to become like an embryo and produce pluripotent cells , too . However , these cells are usually used for research because researchers do not want to give patients cells with extra DNA . The new method does not involve the destruction of embryos or insertion of new genetic material into cells , Vacanti said . It also avoids the problem of rejection : The body may reject stem cells from other people , but this method uses an individual 's own mature cells . To study the STAP cell phenomenon , researchers first genetically altered mice donating stem cells to "  label " those cells with the color green . For instance , they modified mice such that their cells would light up green in response to a particular wavelength of light . The scientists exposed blood cells from these genetically altered mice to an acidic environment . A few days later , they saw that these cells turned into the embryonic-like state and grew in spherical clusters . Scientists put the cell clusters into a mouse embryo that had not been genetically modified . It turned out , the implanted clusters could form tissues in all of the organs that the researchers tested . The scientists knew that the cells came from the original mouse because they turned green when exposed to a particular light . Besides modifying acidity , researchers also stressed the cells in other ways , such as lowering the oxygen environment and disrupting the cell membrane . Increasing acidity was one of the most effective methods of turning mouse blood cells into STAP cells . Among the unknowns about this technique are its effectiveness in humans , and what risks the method might pose . Vacanti told CNN in January he hopes the process could get tested clinically in humans within three years . He noted that induced pluripotent stem cells are already being explored in Japan in humans and the same "  platforms " could be used for STAP cells . CNN 's Yoko Wakatsuki contributed to this report .	Doubts have emerged about stem cell studies A developmental biology center in Japan is investigating , report says Co-authors disagree about the validity of the data
CNN  -- Firefighters were battling a gas line or gas-fueled blaze Thursday evening that engulfed dozens of homes and sent bright flames and huge plumes of smoke shooting hundreds of feet into the air in a neighborhood in San Bruno , California , emergency management officials said . "  The flames are being fueled by something , " said Kelly Huston of California Emergency Management . "  There was a loud explosion being reported by witness and just dozens of homes on fire " He said there were some injured and walking wounded after the fire , which started around 7 p.m.  10 p.m. ET  . "  Crews are just trying to assess how many injuries they have there and what they 're going to do to contain the flames , " Huston said . Investigators were still trying to determine what caused the fire . "  It was a gas station explosion , or a pipeline close to a gas station , " said Jay Alan , a spokesman for California Emergency Management , citing informationg from the San Bruno Police Department . Authorities are worried about winds that could spread the fire and embers that are falling on adjacent houses , he said . Helicopters were dropping retardant on homes to try to stop the fire 's spread . They are still assessing the area and trying to determine how many people are injured , he said . "  It 's still very much an unfolding incident as we speak , " he said . CNN affiliate KGO reported that people as far as a half-mile away said they felt the boom and heat of the explosion . An evacuation center has been set up and the Red Cross is heading to the scene to provide aid to residents , KGO said . Church of Highlands Staff Pastor Leigh Bishop told CNN he witnessed a "  devastating explosion " that caused the fast-moving fire . Bishop said two people from his church had lost their homes and at least one person had burn injuries . Kaiser Permanente South San Francisco hospital received three people in ambulances and four walk-ins with injuries from the fire , Administrative Services Director Nida Winnett said . Six of those people were in the hospital 's intensive care unit , and three of them are suffering from burns , Winnett said . Seton Medical Center spokeswoman Beth Nikels said three people with injuries from the fire came to the hospital , and one is being transported to a burn center . California 's state fire department is sending 25 fire engines to the area to help battle the blaze at the request of the local fire department , spokesman Daniel Berlant said . The fire is in a populated area about two miles west of San Francisco International Airport , Huston said . All flights and operations there were normal Thursday evening , airport spokesman Michael Brown said . At least 5,000 customers are without electricity , KGO reported . "  I will be closely monitoring the situation with the California Emergency Management Agency and will ensure a swift investigation begins to determine the causes , " California Lt. Gov. Abel Maldonado said in a statement . CNN 's Ninette Sosa , Shawn Nottingham , Anderson Cooper , Karan Olson , Sonya Hamasaki and Deanna Proeller contributed to this report .	NEW : An evacuation center has been set up Hospital officials say patients have arrived with burn injuries The fire is about two miles from San Francisco International Airport Helicopters are dropping retardant on houses to stop its spread
CNN  -- Have you heard the news ? Because Antarctic ice sheets are melting , the sea level is likely to rise "  unstoppably " by at least 10 feet , dooming many coastal towns and displacing millions of people . And it 's all going to happenâ $ " within several centuries . Well . Who . Cares . This is news you can snooze . So go ahead and hit that snooze button . Could we plan for what will happen centuries from now if we wanted to ? Should we plan for what will happen ? Will there even be people centuries from now ? If there are , do we owe them anything ? The next 200 , 500 years , are not for us to worry about . The future is n't what it once was , but their business is n't our business . Unimaginable technology has always come to the rescue and always will . Like , we will invent giant , cost-effective floats for New York City and all the other cities and towns on the world 's coasts , or something . The announcements about the collapsing ice sheets came from two teams of scientists with different approaches , focused on different parts of the Antarctic . "  A large sector of the West Antarctic ice sheet has gone into irreversible retreat , " according to Eric Rignot , a glaciologist at the University of California , Irvine , who led one of the teams . "  It has passed the point of no return . " His team measured shrinkages of 10 to 35 kilometers in several retreating glaciers since the early 1990s . Those glaciers are also thinning . Warming air is intensifying the winds that sweep round the Antarctic , but it 's not warming air that is melting the glaciers there . Those winds are drawing warm waters to the surface . The warm waters are eroding the ice . Causes ? Seems to be mainly the warming caused by the greenhouse effects of increasing carbon dioxide from burning gas , oil , and coal . But the ozone hole , also human-caused but having nothing to do with greenhouse gases or fossil fuels , might also be intensifying the winds . So far , sea level rise worldwide has been caused mainly by the heat-caused expansion of seawater , much more than melting ice . But melting land ice will have a big effect on sea level rise . Ian Joughin , leader of the other research team , said that nothing can stop the collapse of the ice sheet , adding , "  There 's no stabilization mechanism . " But , again , it will be slow . Centuries . John H. Mercer of the Ohio State University was first to predict this way back in 1978 . He died without seeing the Antarctic glaciers break up . And so will we all . So , back to bed . People 200 years from now ? Not our problemo . The only wrinkle in that thought is that centuries ago , about 225 years ago to be more precise , some people wrote a Constitution and Bill of Rights that affect our lives every day and that we refer to daily to guide us legally and morally . Those people could have said , "  Screw it , let 's make money . " I think about my debt to them for wanting to be better than that . I often wish we wanted to be as good . Closer to home , closer to now , the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change predicts that in this century , sea levels could rise as much as 3 feet . And that is our problem . Some of us will be alive then . Many of us will have children who will live to this century 's finish line . Between then and now , there will likely be more devastating Sandy-like hurricanes as winds intensified by warmer waters devastate shores . While reading about the Antarctic ice melt , I noticed three side articles , and clicked . One talked about flooding-related displacement already affecting people in low-lying areas around the world , from the natives of Kiribati to the people of Florida . Another speaks of misery caused in Bangladesh by rising seas , where 18 million people will be displaced in the next 40 years by rising seawater or having their well-water and farms ruined by salt . The third article talked about our dysfunctional Congress 's new defeat of yet another energy bill . Voice of America says , "  A bill with strong bipartisan support to make the United States more energy efficient has been blocked in the Senate . " Efficiency is bad ; we need wastefulness . Thank you , senators . Either we have a moral responsibility to others or we do n't . It does n't matter whether they live around the block or in the next state or in the future . Morally there 's not much difference between a person flooded out by Superstorm Sandy and a person flooded out 200 years from now by our collective , willful inaction . But some days , I 'm not even sure how willful it is . When I was in high school in the 1970s , I learned that we were too dependent on other countries for energy , and that oil and coal are non-renewable and polluting , and that we needed to begin a shift to harnessing clean renewable energy sources . The shift to petroleum-based economy had taken a century . The shift to clean renewables would be my generation 's most important task . A lot has happened but , bottom line , there 's been very little progress . Technology advanced , but it has n't been embraced . It 's been outmaneuvered by denial and inertia backed by entrenched big-energy lobbying and campaign money . Globally , we 're not exactly coming together to stabilize climate and institutionalize clean energy . I think we could do what 's needed . But collectively we simply are n't . Sometimes I do n't see humanity as being capable of fixing the problems we 're creating . We 'd have to agree to fix them . Before that , we 'd have to care . We 're not doing enough of any of those things . Too often , we 're in denial . And we feel fine . Our main solution is that snooze button . So , let 's not worry about the people of Bangladesh , Kiribati , New York and Miami , or the 23rd century . Pleasant dreams .	Scientists say Antarctic 's ice land melting ` appears unstoppable ' Carl Safina : Who cares if sea level rises and wipes out coastal cities ? He says either we have a moral responsibility to others or we do n't Safina : But given our track record , we might as well hit the snooze button
JOHANNESBURG , South Africa  CNN  -- Hugh Masekela is the legendary South African musician whose songs were an inspiration in the fight to end apartheid . He tells CNN about growing up under apartheid , why he left South Africa and what is was like to move back to Johannesburg after 30 years away . Hugh Masekela : "  The people of South Africa deserve entertainment , recreation and freedom . " CNN : How did the suffering of the apartheid influence your art ? Hugh Masekela : I do n't think what I do is influenced by suffering . I come from a talented people who are prolific in music and dance . We have wonderful singers and we have a diversity of music here that is just amazing . But in spite of being oppressed these people were very resilient and they were mostly resilient through song . I think we are the only society where music played such a major part in our resistance . We grew up in rallies and in the street . We did n't have televisions so we played in the streets and made up songs about what was happening . Watch Hugh Masekela take CNN on a tour of Johannesburg " . CNN : What 's your earliest memory of Johannesburg ? HM : I came to Jo ' burg from Springs -LSB- a town near Johannesburg -RSB- . My family moved to Alexandra township and the first time I went to town alone I must have been 10 or 11 . Jo ' burg used to be scrubbed every night with fire hoses and those hard brooms and the granite on the sidewalks would always sparkle . I remember that because I came from Alexander township where there were no lights , no sewage and no cafes . The most vivid memory I have -- we used to stop and look through restaurant windows at the white people eating fancy food , and we 'd say "  what do you think that is ? " and "  there are so many types of food ! " CNN : How did it feel to leave South Africa ? HM : When I left South Africa in 1960 I was 20 years old . I wanted to try to get an education and music education was not available for me in South Africa . I wanted to learn from the same kind of teachers that taught Miles Davis and Clifford Brown and Chad Baker and they were not in South Africa . I hoped that one day I could go and learn some of those things and then come back and teach . It was a rough time , when the apartheid government first started showing that if you do n't behave , they 'll shoot you -- women and children too . You saw police with guns , with machine guns , and for the first time you saw tanks . We had a group called the Jazz Epistles and we were about to take off on a national tour . We were the first African group to play on an LP , but gatherings of more than 10 people were banned so we could n't do our tour . But four years later , when I was ready to come back to South Africa , I could n't . The place was impenetrable . By then Mandela had been sentenced to life imprisonment . So I stayed 26 years longer than I planned to . See Hugh Masekela 's Johannesburg " CNN : Tell us about coming home . HM : It was great , but it was also a tense time coming back to South Africa and we were not naive about it . It was a time of real turmoil . There were no-go places in the townships , there was sniping , there were major clashes and it was a time when civil war was threatening . When I left South Africa there were 10 million people -- when I came back there were more than 40 million . I had to learn how to get to the highways because when I left where there were no highways . And I had to adjust my language because people would say "  we do n't ' talk like that anymore ! " I was like a sponge trying to learn to do the right things . Not many people came back from exile compared with those who left . About a million left -- 50,000 came back , and of those about 25,000 did a U-turn because it was n't easy . It was n't easy but it 's been a great experience . CNN : How would you define the culture of Jo ' burg ? HM : There 's no one culture -- it 's a cosmopolitan city . It 's so diverse , like South Africa itself has so many diverse cultures . But again , we are still living in the culture of ethnic grouping . If we could beat that and have a major festival of tolerance , it would be the shining path . CNN : Where do you like to go out in Jo ' burg ? HM : I go to Newtown , I go to the Market Theater a lot , and also to the Dance Forum , because we have very brilliant dance choreographers . Old Jo ' burg was vibrant , there were things going on all the time -- concerts , festivals , clubs -- but in the last 10 years or so it has become a very quiet city at night . CNN : What is life like in the city ? HM : It 's not very easy to enjoy the city because the safety and security is not such that you can just go anywhere any time . There 's a sadness about this city that everybody talks about . People in South Africa have become inward ; they spend most of the time in their homes . When it gets dark , everyone wants to go home as quickly as they can . That is not only Jo ' burg 's problem , it is a national problem . What we 're talking about does n't make me very popular with the people who run this country , but it 's nothing new -- you see it in the newspapers every day . It has to be fixed , because the people of South Africa deserve entertainment , recreation and freedom to enjoy the beauty of their country and to show guests around and say "  this is my country . "	Hugh Masekela songs were an inspiration in the fight to end apartheid He left South Africa to get a musical education and could n't return for 30 years Under apartheid black South Africans were resilient through song , he says He says Johannesburg is cosmopolitan and multicultural , like South Africa
Almost everyone , from educators to government officials to industry experts , laments the lackluster abilities and performance of our nations ' students in science , technology , engineering and math  know as STEM education  . Two indicators are particularly worrisome , especially as this country experiences greater global competition and high unemployment . American students score 23rd in math and 31st in science when compared with 65 other top industrial countries . In math , we are beaten by countries from Lichtenstein and Slovakia to the Netherlands and Singapore . In science , we are beaten by countries from New Zealand and Estonia to Finland and Hungary . For the United States , which led the way in space after Sputnik and showed the way in technological development and economic growth for the last 40 years , this is more than an embarrassment . And , for the future of our own GDP , economic well-being , and employer and employment needs , this is a disaster in the making . If the United States wishes to remain the most competitive and innovative country in the world -- never mind just another competitive and innovative country in the constellation of industrial nations -- this can not stand . As a report released this week from the President 's Council of Advisors on Science and Technology found , "  economic forecasts point to a need for producing , over the next decade , approximately 1 million more college graduates in STEM fields than expected under current assumptions . " Already , for many , the answer is to import the technological know-how that we need . There is nothing wrong with importing high-skilled labor and expanding visas and citizenship quotas for those needs we ca n't meet ourselves , but should we not be able to do a better job in growing and training our own citizens and students first ? President Barack Obama brought attention to the problem this week while hosting the second annual White House Science Fair . Featuring more than 100 middle school and high school students with their various inventions , the president talked not just about the economic reasons important to our success in STEM education but also our historic -- indeed , founding -- commitment to it : " -LSB- T -RSB- he belief that we belong on the cutting edge of innovation , that 's an idea as old as America itself . ... You think about our Founding Fathers -- they were all out there doing experiments -- and folks like Benjamin Franklin and Thomas Jefferson , they were constantly curious about the world around them and trying to figure out how can we help shape that environment so that people 's lives are better . "  It 's in our DNA . " To tell students already engaged in experimentation , innovation and invention that scientific knowledge is in our DNA is more than appropriate . But for too many students , it simply is not true today . Indeed , when it comes to math and science , we do n't just fail compared to other industrialized nations , we fail ourselves . Only 26 % of our nation 's high school seniors perform at proficient levels or above in mathematics and only 21 % of our nation 's high school seniors perform at proficient levels or above in science . And , when these students do enter college on a pathway toward a degree in science or engineering , nearly 40 % of them switch majors in what one expert has called "  the math-science death march . " To improve these numbers , and to become a nation strong in innovation again , will require a lot of work , but it is work that is doable . Here 's how : I. Front-load STEM-related teaching . Tap into children 's natural curiosity and teach it earlier in school , and recognize subjects like math and science are as important as English . One recent story out of Chicago showed the benefit to students in learning math as early as preschool , where the lessons are integrated into "  story time , puzzle time , just about any time of the day . " II . Recognize that teachers , especially in the early grades , need training in math so they can integrate it as much as possible into children 's school life and curriculum . III . Do not segregate math and science classes from the rest of the school building or coursework . Turn away from the notion of specialized elementary and secondary schools whose focus is on math and science . These areas of study should be in all schools and deemed a critical part of each and every school 's broad curriculum . Students who excel in these areas should not be seen as "  different " or libeled as "  special " or worse . IV . Each and every class taught , where possible and relevant , should adopt forms of mathematical and scientific methods in its pedagogy , engage in practices of "  building models , arguing from evidence and communicating findings " so as to "  increase the likelihood that students will learns the ideas of science or engineering and mathematics at a deeper , more enduring level , " as two STEM scholars recently suggested . V. School districts and principals should avail themselves of nonprofit organizations that are dedicated to supplemental training of teachers in STEM areas . Most good teachers want additional training . And most adults cheer when students light up in these areas after they are inspired by a great teacher . Many of us have seen the Chevron commercial that shows an eighth grade student , Kaisaiah , building a robot and calling science "  cool , " with the help of Project Lead the Way  to which I 'm a senior adviser  . Enterprising organizations such as Project Lead the Way host additional training for teachers . Students who take courses from these teachers are more interested and dedicated to their coursework than those who are not . With teachers who can show the relevance and fun of STEM education , we can nurture more students to build the kind of experiments and models one sees at events such as the White House Science Fair . We now know from study after study the value of great teachers . Quite simply , the effect of a quality teacher on a child 's life is monumental . Corporations should further endow nonprofits dedicated to enhancing teachers ' abilities , and school districts and principals should further utilize these auxiliary institutions . In the end , the test of whether we should do better at teaching STEM education does not require an analysis of what our leaders of industries say they are looking for or what international tests show as our failings . It is simply this : Ask any adult not employed in a STEM area of work : "  Do n't you wish you studied and appreciated math and science courses earlier in school ? " The answer almost always is going to be : "  yes . " And so , too , should it be for students now ... not adults later . Follow CNN Opinion on Twitter Join the conversation on Facebook	Reports show America is losing its competitive edge in math , engineering , science , technology William Bennett : We must do a better job in training our citizens and students in STEM fields Bennett offers 5 ways in which we can improve national math and science education He says that if America wants to stay on top , it has to do more to help students and teachers
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Americans have varied feelings about guns . In Focus : Guns in America is a series of stories by CNN photojournalists that looks at the complex views and emotions that surround this controversial subject . In a 5-4 ruling , the U.S. Supreme Court rejected Washington , D.C. 's , ban on handgun ownership , saying it violates the constitutional right to "  keep and bear arms " by preventing individuals from having guns in their homes . In this series , Americans tell their stories about guns on a first-hand basis , providing a more intimate look at a topic that is often ignored until gun violence erupts . In one video , 32-year-old Steve Ferguson talks about a shooting in Washington that left him paralyzed , his battle to recover and his views on guns . In another story , Scott Morris shares his passion for his shooting range on a road he named 2nd Amendment Drive . CNN photojournalists also traveled to Massachusetts to play paintball , rural Pennsylvania to hunt turkeys , and to Hollywood to hang out on a movie set . They also meet Dale Tate , who hand-makes guns that he considers works of art , and they learn about new technology for less lethal weapons .	The U.S. Supreme Court rejects Washington , D.C. 's , ban on handgun ownership CNN photojournalists take a look at the views and feelings about guns in America In this series , individual Americans tell their stories about guns
CNN  -- Call it the "  cheese dip . " A 400-foot section of the Leo Frigo Bridge -- named after a late Wisconsin cheese scion -- suddenly sagged Wednesday , forcing police to close off the span that carries Interstate 43 over the Fox River some 120 feet below . "  There 's a part that 's sagging , " a motorist told an incredulous 911 operator , according to recordings posted by CNN affiliate WLUK . "  A part that 's sagging ? " the operator asked . "  Instead of a bump , it 's a dip , " the driver said . How safe is that bridge you 're driving over ? It appears that one of the piers holding up the bridge sank about 2 feet into the ground , Gov. Scott Walker told reporters Wednesday . The bridge , which carries 40,000 cars a day , will be closed indefinitely , state officials said . "  We understand the disruption this is going to cause to traffic , " Wisconsin Transportation Secretary Mark Gottlieb told reporters Wednesday . The bridge was built in 1980 and last inspected in August 2012 , declared sound and renovated shortly thereafter , said Kim Rudat , regional communications manager for the Wisconsin Department of Transportation . California 's Bay Bridge closure starts The closure comes as an unwelcome addition to the city 's traffic headaches , motorist Dennis Kelln of Green Bay told WLUK . "  It 's a big hassle , because of all the construction that 's going around town , " he said . "  The downtown bridge was closed for how long ? Now this one is out ? It 's just like it 's a never-ending problem here . " It could be worse , of course . New Washington state bridge opens after collapse State officials say the bridge is in no danger of collapsing like the Interstate 5 bridge over the Skagit River in Mount Vernon , Washington , this spring . In that incident , a tractor-trailer struck a support on the bridge , which had been rated "  functionally obsolete , " sending several cars plunging into the river below . No one died , but three people were taken to the hospital for treatment . The Wisconsin bridge is named after Leo Frigo , who ran Frigo Cheese Corp. until his retirement in 1983 . A former member of Roman Catholic religious orders , he was well-known in the area for his work with ex-convicts and for founding a Green Bay food pantry , according to his official biography on the pantry 's website . He died in 2001 . Spanning the globe for scary high bridges	400-foot section of Wisconsin bridge suddenly sags State officials close the bridge before anyone gets hurt The bridge is n't in danger of collapse , state officials say
Nicosia , Cyprus  CNN  -- "  It is a jungle , " the taxi driver told me . "  It is a jungle and we are the rabbit surrounded by lions . " It 's a dramatic analogy , but one that accurately sums up Cypriots ' disgust and helplessness at what they perceive to be the ultimate betrayal by the European Union . The last two weeks have been the most dramatic in decades for Greek Cyprus , still reeling from the harsh terms of a â ‚ ¬ 10 billion bailout from international lenders to save the island nation 's banking sector . Large bank deposit holders are being forced to take huge losses , and unprecedented limits on the movement of cash have been imposed here . LATEST : Cyprus ' banks reopen for first time in two weeks The prevailing mood is one of utter helplessness . Greek Cypriots are used to fighting . They fought Turkey for the very land they live on . But today there is no battle to fight against the nameless , faceless group of EU and International Monetary Fund bureaucrats and officials who have now become deeply involved in the future of their country . "  We wanted to be Europe 's friend , " continues the driver , "  but now it is turning on us . " It 's difficult not to sympathize . Groups of locals sit in pavement cafes in the capital city of Nicosia , anxiously watching state television , waiting for the next move , waiting for the next development in a seismic event which has rocked the Cyprus economy to its very core . Every interview , every comment is being dissected assiduously . The biggest question this week was whether money would really be there when Cyprus ' banks finally reopened Thursday . It is , but it can only be withdrawn â ‚ ¬ 300 at a time . But Cypriots are also discussing and arguing about the long-term effects of the bailout . What does austerity mean ? How come the Irish and the Spanish did n't lose their savings ? Why us ? Walking down Nicosia 's main shopping streets , there is little sign of an economic crisis . No queues at the ATMs . Restaurants are busy . Tourists are browsing through the many local stores . Heated discussions over Cypriot coffee can be heard everywhere , and although I ca n't understand the words , I can sense the frustration . These people are stuck in a state of limbo . Journalists bandy the term "  an uneasy calm " around quite a lot , but it seems a perfect fit to describe the mood here . What 's the point in getting angry if you do n't know what you 're getting angry about ? What can you say to the government when their hands are being forced by Europe ? What does it all mean for Cyprus ? Ironically , it is Cyprus ' youth who seem to have foreseen the long term effect of the bailout . Hundreds of high school students have taken to the streets to voice their dismay over what they see as a threat to their future , though they were n't blaming the government for everything . Placards bearing unflattering comments about the German Chancellor Angela Merkel peppered their morning marches , orchestrated to pass under the gaze of the cameras of hundreds of journalists who set up camp in one of Nicosia 's main squares and at the parliament building . The feeling of worry was palpable . The Russians might lose their money , the young protesters seemed to be saying , but what about us ? We could have just lost our future . I reached the end of the street and at the border crossing stumbled across a completely different , more Turkish side of Cyprus . I walked about 100 meters and spotted the bank . The bank 's doors were open , its Turkish flag blowing in the wind . Here people are pleased with the weather . Summer is coming . It 's the high season for tourists and hopefully this year will be fruitful . Spare a thought for your Greek counterparts ? A shop assistant shrugged . What the long term effect of this bailout will be is anybody 's guess . The rules change every day and while the government insists that the bailout -- and all that comes with it -- is the lesser of two evils , the people sitting in the cafes , those trying to run a business , and the shoe shiner trying to eek out a living remain unconvinced . The last two weeks have shattered Cypriots ' confidence in their country , and the people are fully aware that like a rabbit in the jungle , Cyprus has been well and truly cornered .	Cyprus ' banks reopen for first time in nearly two weeks Cyprus agreed to allow big losses for large deposit holders in exchange for â ‚ ¬ 10 billion bailout Young Cypriots see the bailout and its harsh terms as a threat to their future
UNITED NATIONS  CNN  -- Murder and justice have always been hallmarks of the "  Law & Order " stable of TV shows , but never before have the fictional New York City crimes guided the show 's detectives and attorneys to the United Nations -- until now . "  Law & Order : SVU " co-star Christopher Meloni says the show 's intent is to "  shine light in the dark places . " The U.N. recently opened the gates of its New York headquarters to the NBC Universal show "  Law & Order : Special Victims Unit " for the filming of an episode scheduled to air Tuesday . The taping marked the first time in its nearly 60-year history that the United Nations has allowed its iconic location to be used as a setting in a major network television production . Previously , the United Nations granted permission for the 2005 motion picture "  The Interpreter " to film on location , making it the first feature film to shoot on the grounds of the U.N. Series stars Stephanie March , who plays Assistant District Attorney Alexandra Cabot , and Christopher Meloni , along with nearly 200 other cast and crew members , came to the U.N. on March 7 to film an episode revolving around child soldiers , refugees , warlords and the International Criminal Court . "  Law & Order : SVU " traditionally involves difficult subject matter such as kidnapping , rape and homicide . Emmy-nominated actor Meloni , who plays Detective Elliot Stabler on the show , explained that the intent behind the issues raised on the program has always been to "  shine light in the dark places that no one wants to go or talk about because there 's usually a lot of shame and denial about it . " Meloni described how the U.N. episode "  really does kind of revolve around child soldiers , how they 've been brainwashed , the horrible journeys that they 've had to endure and how they can be assimilated back and be productive . And I think in this particular episode , we 're trying to carry on with whatever clout we may possess . We have the medium to shine the light out there and tell this story . " Considering the "  ripped-from-the-headlines " and complicated themes regarding conflict in Africa and the ICC , "  Special Victims Unit " writers and actors relied on Enough Project co-founder John Prendergast as a consultant throughout the filming . The Enough Project is an advocacy group committed to preventing genocide , crimes against humanity and other atrocities in six historically tumultuous African nations . Prendergast explained that he perceived the episode as "  one where reality dovetailed quite neatly with fiction , and hopefully more people will understand now what is happening in real life with President Bashir and Sudan , and then the accountability for war crimes because they saw it on ` Law & Order . ' " On March 4 , the International Criminal Court indicted Sudan 's president , Omar al-Bashir , with war crimes and crimes against humanity . This was the first time such charges have been leveled against a sitting head of state . The "  Special Victims Unit " filming was the first official project within Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon 's newly formed Creative Community Outreach Initiative . The intent of the program is to establish a relationship with international film and television industries to enhance the image of the United Nations and to "  raise the profile of critical global issues , " according to a U.N. representative . Eric Falt , director of the U.N. 's outreach initiative , elaborated : "  We 're starting a program where we 're going to say to filmmakers , people who produce television series , that we are essentially open for business . You want to come to the U.N. ? Talk to us . We 'll make it happen . " In addition to the "  Law & Order " film shoot , the United Nations has hosted two other high-profile events in March through the initiative . Celebrities and recording artists including Akon , Phylicia Rashad , Peter Buffet and Whoopi Goldberg commemorated victims of the of the trans-Atlantic slave trade March 25 with a concert in the U.N. General Assembly Hall . The show was directed by celebrated musician Nile Rodgers and was the first such event held at the United Nations . Goldberg also moderated a discussion March 17 at U.N. headquarters stemming from the complex topics presented in the popular television show "  Battlestar Galactica . " The panel featured series stars Edward James Olmos and Mary McDonnell , along with the series creators and assorted U.N. personnel speaking about a variety of subjects prevalent both in the show and in today 's world . Topics included abortion , suicide bombings and post-conflict resolution . Goldberg summed up the purpose of the occasion , saying , "  much like the fictional ships and planets in the ` BSG ' universe , the U.N. is an imperfect place , but the fight for justice , equality and understanding remains fundamental to both . " Despite the imperfections of the United Nations , "  SVU 's " March could not have been more thrilled with her experience filming at the U.N. . When asked what she would like to be doing if she were n't putting away fictional bad guys as assistant DA Cabot , March said , "  I would love to work for the United Nations . I have a great job , but really all I want to do is actually work in the U.N. I 'm pretty excited to be here . It 's been a lifelong dream to be a part of it in some way . " The "  Law & Order : Special Victims Unit " episode is slated to air at 10 p.m. ET on Tuesday on NBC .	TV show is the first to film at U.N. 's New York headquarters Tuesday 's episode centers on child soldiers It 's first project in U.N. 's Creative Community Outreach Initiative "  SVU " writers , cast relied on guidance from advocacy group
CNN  -- Andy Murray became the first British man to win a Grand Slam final since Fred Perry in 1936 after defeating Novak Djokovic in the final of the U.S. Open . The Scot even surrendered a two-set lead during a five-set thriller that lasted almost five hours , before he regained his focus to win 7-6  12-10  7-5 2-6 3-6 6-2 in swirling winds at Flushing Meadows . It proved to be fifth time lucky for the Olympic champion , who -- like his coach Ivan Lendl -- had lost his previous four Grand Slam finals . Murray will now replace the injured Rafael Nadal as world No. 3 in the official men 's rankings . ` Shocked ' Williams wins U.S. Open final thriller "  They were incredibly tricky conditions . It was really tough because Novak is really strong and fights all the way , " said Murray after the final . "  I have always had tough matches with him . I do n't know how I managed to come through in the end . " With his support team in New York swelled by fellow celebrity Scots , Manchester United manager Alex Ferguson and actor Sean Connery , the 25 year old singled out Lendl , a three-time U.S. Open champion , for praise . "  He was one of the greatest , " Murray said . "  He has helped me through the tough times as have all of my team . It 's the best feeling for me , I 've had an unbelievable summer . " Murray put the bitter disappointment of losing this year 's Wimbledon final against Roger Federer behind him by taking the Gold medal at the London Olympics at the Swiss star 's expense -- a result many believed could be a turning point in the Dunblane-born star 's Grand Slam fortunes . But it was never going to be easy on Monday night . After narrowly losing the first two sets , Djokovic proved why he was the 2011 champion in New York , as he battled back to take the third and fourth sets with apparent ease as far as the scoreboard was concerned -- but in reality both players fought tooth and nail for every single point . Though the momentum appeared to be with Djokovic , Murray refused to give up and summoned his earlier verve and aggression to put his visibly tiring opponent on the back foot once again . Not even a late pause for treatment on the Serb 's cramping leg could prevent Murray from closing in on the prize British tennis has coveted for 76 years , much to the delight of the crowd inside the cavernous Arthur Ashe Stadium . When the final shot of the match -- a rasping forehand from Djokovic -- went long , Murray was left visibly stunned by his achievement . But he had finally overcome lingering doubts about his mental fortitude when it mattered most . Despite his own disappointment , Djokovic was quick to pay pay tribute to his great friend and rival . "  It was n't to be and I want to congratulate Andy on a first Grand Slam . He deserves it , " said the Serbian . "  I tried my best and I gave it my all . It was another tremendous match and I am proud to have been part of it . It went to the last moment . "	Andy Murray becomes the first British man to win a Grand Slam in 76 years The Scot won the five-set thriller despite surrendering a two-set lead Murray won the Gold medal earlier in the summer at the London Olympics Murray will now replace the injured Rafael Nadal as World Number 3
CNN  -- There 's one solution out of 43 quintillion possible combinations , and even the man who invented it spent a month of solid research trying to figure it out . But that has n't stopped the Rubik 's Cube from becoming the most popular toy in history . The colorful puzzle , consisting of small blocks rotating on a central axis , has sold an estimated 350 million units since its conception nearly 40 years ago . And yet the man whose name it bears -- Erno Rubik -- only ever intended it to be a teaching aid for his small class of design students . The son of a poet mother and a father who manufactured glider planes , Rubik grew up in Soviet-era Hungary , studying both sculpture and architecture . Read : Rubik 's Cube in numbers His life-changing idea arrived when he was in his late 20s , a young professor still living at home with his parents . Starting off with just chunks of wood and rubber bands , Rubik set about trying to create a structure that would permit individual blocks to move independently of one another without the whole thing falling apart . It took six years to go from prototype to market , but when it finally hit the shelves at the start of the 1980s , it became the fastest selling puzzle of all time . It stills retains its appeal to this day . Last year alone it sold seven million units and so-called "  speed cubing " competitions -- where contestants attempt to solve the puzzle against the clock -- are as popular as ever . In a rare interview , the publicity-shy Rubik retraces the journey of his iconic toy . CNN : What do you think it is about the cube that continues to capture the public imagination ? Erno Rubik : I believe probably the most characteristic part of the cube is the contradiction between simplicity and complexity . I love the simplicity of the cube because it 's a very clear geometrical shape , and I love geometry because it 's the study of how the whole universe is structured . I think probably that 's part of the key to the success of the cube -- you are able to have a connection with this order and chaos . CNN : You had the idea in 1974 and at the time you were a lecturer in interior design , what set you off on this invention ? ER : I was searching to find a good task for my students . When you are studying from a book , lots of people go straight to the end to look for the answers . But that 's not my style . For me , the most enjoyable part is the puzzle , the process of solving , not the solution itself . Also , we were playing with geometry , which is not a static subject . It 's a very mobile thing , it 's changeable . So , I was looking for a mobile structure and I found the geometry of a cube very exciting because of the high level of symmetries it has and the fact that you can do a lot of things with it . CNN : What was the puzzle you were trying to pose ? ER : Usually structures are pieces that are connected in some way or another , and usually these connections are stable things . So all the time "  A " is connected to "  B. " But with the structure of the Rubik 's Cube , you realize these elements are moving very freely , but you do n't understand what keeps the whole thing together , so that was a very interesting part of it . CNN : How did you go about building the prototype ? ER : Nowadays you 've got three-dimensional printing and CAD -LSB- computer-aided design -RSB- programs on computers , but I was working at a very different time . There was a workshop in the school , and I just used wood as a material because it is very simple to use and you do n't need any sophisticated machines . So I made it just by using my hands -- cutting the wood , drilling holes , using elastic bands and those kind of very simple things . CNN : How does the internal mechanism actually work ? ER : Usually people are surprised by how simple it is , but it is also very difficult to explain . So the best way to discover it is to take it apart ! CNN : How long did it take you to solve the cube once you 'd created the prototype ? ER : It took more than a month of research , facing the problem , trying to understand it , building up theories , testing them , thinking to myself things like : "  I have one side and one turn is 90 degrees and if you turn it four times I 'll be back where I was , " and so on . You have to find rules and then you find the law of symmetry , the law of movements . CNN : Do you remember the moment when you solved it ? ER : I remember it was very emotional , but I do n't remember what time it was exactly . I do n't make notes on that , and I have no diary about it , but I remember it was a very emotional feeling . Read : ` Li-Fi ' provides a light bulb moment for wireless web But then it 's not something like a jigsaw puzzle where you start to work on it , spend some time on it , and in the end it 's solved , it 's finished . If you find a solution with the cube , it does n't mean you find everything . It 's only a starting point . You can work on and find something else , you can improve your solution , you can make it shorter , you can go deeper and deeper and collect knowledge and many other things . CNN : What did you do next ? ER : I showed it to the people in the school and my students liked it very much . And I had the feeling that because it has very simple structure , it can be manufactured easily and it can be a product that is available for others . And so I applied for a patent because I had some experience of my father 's work and he has got several patents . After that I was searching to find a manufacturer here in Hungary . But the country was a very different place from how it is today . We were behind the Iron Curtain , we had different social circumstances -- so it was not an easy task . Read : DIY inventors flock to Maker Faire But I found a small company who was working with plastic - their main line was manufacturing chess sets -- and we started to negotiate . CNN : Did you make any mistakes with the patent application , would you do it differently given what you know now ? ER : You know , there is a Hungarian saying that it 's easy to be clever after the event . One problem was the speed of the process because from the beginning to the real marketing -LSB- point -RSB- was six years . Six years is too long because there is a rule on how you can patent : When you start the process , you need to make the next step within a year , because otherwise you lose the patent . But in the end we partly solved the problem because we used my name as a trademark , and this too is a good tool for protection . I was lucky because in the New York phone book there is less than five people who have the same name ! CNN : What would you advise an inventor now to do to protect themselves ? ER : That 's a very difficult question . There are many more protection possibilities than in that time . One thing is , you need to find partners , you ca n't do it alone . You need professionals ; you need advisers and you need partners who are capable of helping you both on the legal part and also the financial part as well . And naturally it is very important to realise you product . You can protect your patent but if you do n't develop the product it 's meaningless . CNN : In a couple of years , it 'll be 40 years old , how do you feel about it ? Are you still discovering things about it ? ER : Yeah , nowadays my discoveries come from watching the impact of the cube . I 'm wondering how people are so creative , and how many things were born out of and inspired by the cube . That 's a very interesting thing . CNN : The final question : Are you a good Rubik 's Cube player ? ER : I am really not a speedcuber . My best time when I was practicing was about a minute . Usually people say if you can create a piano , you must be a good piano player , but it is not true . They are different type of human activities and need different capabilities .	Rubik invented cube that bears his name as teaching aid for his class of students The colorful puzzle has gone on to become the world 's biggest selling toy -- with 350 million sold Hungarian-born Rubik retraces the moment of inspiration that led him to his iconic invention
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Sen. Hillary Clinton 's lead over Sen. Barack Obama , her chief rival for the Democratic presidential nomination , is growing among African-American voters who are registered Democrats , and particularly among black women , a poll said Wednesday . Sen. Hillary Clinton is the top choice of African-American Democrats , a new poll suggests . Among black registered Democrats overall , Clinton had a 57 percent to 33 percent lead over Obama . That 's up from 53 percent for Clinton and 36 percent for Obama in a poll carried out in April . The 26-point difference between black women and men underscores the fact that the nation 's vote is divided not only by race , but also by gender , said CNN political analyst Bill Schneider . "  Black women do n't just vote their black identity , " he said . "  They also vote their identity as women . " Among white registered Democrats , Clinton drew 49 percent support , versus 18 percent for Obama and 17 percent for former Sen. John Edwards of North Carolina , the latest poll found . The question had a sampling error of plus-or-minus 6.5 percentage points . The former first lady 's strongest support among blacks came from black women , 68 percent of whom identified her as their likely choice , versus 25 percent who cited Obama , the senator from Illinois who is African-American . Watch Bill Schneider examine CNN poll results on black political support " Black men who are registered Democrats were nearly evenly split , with 42 percent favoring Clinton and 46 percent favoring Obama . The sampling error of that question was plus-or-minus 8 percentage points . Black registered Democrats also appeared more sure of themselves than did whites , with two-thirds  67 percent  of blacks saying they would definitely support whichever candidate they had said they favored , versus one-third  33 percent  who said they might change their minds . White registered Democrats appeared more open to persuasion , with only 45 percent saying they would definitely support that person , and 54 percent saying they might change their minds . Overall , registered white voters polled appeared nearly evenly split between the two major parties , with 45 percent saying they would definitely or probably vote for the Democratic presidential candidate , and 47 percent saying the same about the Republican presidential candidate . That question had a sampling error of plus-or-minus 6 percentage points . But black voters appeared overwhelmingly likely to vote Democratic , with 80 percent of them saying they were definitely or probably going to cast their vote for the party 's candidate . Just 13 percent of blacks said the same thing about the Republican candidate . Clinton maintained an overwhelming lead among black registered voters when pitted against former New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani , besting the leading GOP presidential candidate 86 percent to 13 percent . But when the same question was asked of white registered voters , the senator from New York 's lead vanished , with Giuliani outpolling her 57 percent to 40 percent . That question had a sampling error of plus-or-minus 6 percentage points . The questions were asked based on the absence of former Vice President Al Gore from the race . He has repeatedly said he has no plans to run . But , were he to change his mind , and if he won the Democratic nomination , the poll found that 52 percent of 927 registered voters queried said they would choose him versus 46 percent who cited Giuliani . Among blacks , that lead was 78 percent for Gore versus 20 percent for Giuliani . In response to poll results showing him trailing Clinton , Obama has noted that Clinton has been a major figure in national politics for 15 years , versus just three for Obama . "  The ` sistah ' vote is paying off handsomely for Hillary Clinton , " said Democratic political strategist Donna Brazile . "  It 's not only getting her the women 's vote . It 's also getting her the black vote . " A gender gap also exists among white Democrats , but -- at 11 points -- it is narrower . The CNN/Opinion Research Poll of 1,212 adult Americans was carried out by telephone Friday through Sunday . The sample included interviews of 307 blacks and 762 non-Latino whites . E-mail to a friend	Sen. Hillary Clinton is top choice of black Democrats , poll suggests Clinton leads Sen. Barack Obama 57 percent to 33 percent among black voters Clinton support from African-American women at 68 percent Black men more evenly split between Obama and Clinton
For years , as Lance Armstrong basked in the glow of an adoring public , his critics frequently were banished to the shadows , dismissed by the cycling legend and his coterie as cranks or worse . Now , with Armstrong stripped of his titles and endorsement deals , those who spoke out against him before it was the popular thing to do are feeling vindicated . "  Eleven years of bullying and threats , " Kathy LeMond , the wife of cyclist Greg LeMond -- one of Armstrong 's earliest targets -- wrote on Twitter . "  LA is now the Greatest Fraud in the History of Sports . " In some cases , vindication could also mean getting back huge sums of money . A Texas insurance company that once refused to pay Armstrong a promised $ 5 million bonus for winning a Tour de France , citing reports that he had doped , ended up having to pay it plus his legal costs . All told , over the years SCA Promotions paid $ 12 million . Now , it is "  considering all legal options " to get its money back . London 's Sunday Times has also said it may sue Armstrong over a libel case he brought against the newspaper that resulted in a costly payout . This turning of the tide comes after cycling 's international governing body , the International Cycling Union , agreed with the U.S. Anti-Doping Agency 's decision to strip Armstrong of his seven Tour de France titles . The move concluded a stunning few weeks of freefall for Armstrong , beginning with the release of hundreds of pages of testimony and other evidence describing Armstrong 's involvement in what USADA called the most sophisticated doping program in cycling history . Among other things , the report included affidavits from key Armstrong critics Frankie and Betsy Andreu , Emma O'Reilly , Tyler Hamilton and Floyd Landis , all of whom spoke out against Armstrong and , in various ways , paid the price . Frankie and Betsy Andreu Once a close friend of Armstrong , cyclist Frankie Andreu had a falling out with him after his wife , Betsy , began to cooperate with a reporter working on a book about doping allegations against Armstrong . According to Frankie and Betsy Andreu , they were in an Indianapolis hospital room when Armstrong acknowledged to a doctor treating him for cancer in 1996 that he had used performance-enhancing drugs . Opinion : Is it time to allow doping in sport ? They later testified about the incident during the arbitration case filed against Armstrong by a company seeking to avoid paying out bonuses to Armstrong for race victories during which he was accused of doping . It was a decision they would pay for , according to Andreu . "  I have been told that my public disputes with Lance Armstrong have made it more difficult for others in the cycling industry to work with me because they fear reprisal from Lance and his associates , " he said in his affidavit released by USADA . His wife said she was pressured to sign a statement disavowing the story , and when she refused , was "  vilified . " "  I became , in Lance 's words , ` bitter ' and ` vindictive ' and ` jealous , ' " she said in her affidavit . She recently told Cycling News that "  grown men were torn to shreds by Armstrong , " and said she was "  extremely grateful " to USADA for its investigation . ` What Joe Public thinks of me I do n't care , " Andreu told the New York Daily News . "  I care what my family and close friends think of me . When it affects my husband 's ability to work then it 's grossly unfair . Who knows how many jobs he lost because I refused to lie to protect Lance . " Emma O'Reilly On Twitter recently , Armstrong 's former personal assistant said things started getting easier for her when the USADA report came out and "  people started realising I was n't some ` prostitute ' liar ! " That 's what O'Reilly , the former soigneur -- part masseuse , part go-fer for the U.S. Postal Service cycling team -- says Armstrong called her when she went public with accusations against him . Like Betsy Andreu , she first told her story in the French book "  L.A. Confidentiel , " co-written by sports reporter David Walsh of London 's Sunday Times . She told USADA that she went on a clandestine trip to pick up and drop off what she assumed were doping products for Armstrong . She also said she was in the room when Armstrong and two other team officials came up with a plan to backdate a prescription for corticosteroids for a saddle sore to explain a positive steroid test result during the 1999 Tour de France . "  Now , Emma , you know enough to bring me down , " she says Armstrong told her after the meeting . Speaking in the aftermath of the USADA report 's release , O'Reilly told CNN she went through "  two-and-a-half to three years of hell " after she first made the decision to speak out about doping . "  I got subpoenaed , I got ... kind of ostracized and just the stress levels ... and all for telling the truth . As well as feeling feelings of guilt because I knew then that there were certain people now who would not speak to me again , and have never spoken to me again , and it 's a shame because I lost those friendships . " O'Reilly said she regretted making life difficult for the cyclists and her friends in the business , who would now be viewed with suspicion . She also faced lawsuits brought by Armstrong 's legal teams that totaled well over $ 1 million . Armstrong "  wanted to play the libel laws in the UK and keep me quiet because he had much more money than me , " O'Reilly said . "  By putting a gag on most of us who had spoken out , it stopped people talking , it stopped it going to the press , because then the press were scared because of how much it would cost them , and their legal bills for a  minor  sport . "  And then he 'd just slate  criticize  us all as well -- I was an ` alcoholic prostitute , ' for my efforts . " Nonetheless , O'Reilly said her overwhelming feeling in the wake of the USADA report was one of sadness , rather than vindication . "  Sadness for all the people who got bullied , and sadness that the sport kind of got a bit tinged with all of this when there 's so many good people ... and sadness , too , that it came out in 2004 and I got vilified for it , and now all of a sudden I 'm telling the truth . My story has n't changed since 2004 . I 've always been telling the truth . It 's just times were different then . " David Walsh The British journalist who co-wrote "  L.A. Confidentiel -- Les Secrets de Lance Armstrong " said he took his share of abuse , as well . "  He called me ` the worst journalist in the world , ' referred to me as ` the little f *** g troll , ' tried to pressure Betsy Andreu  a source for L.A. Confidentiel  into discrediting me and , of course , he sued , " Walsh wrote in a piece for Sports Illustrated Monday . "  That lawsuit now seems as close as you can get to an ` Oscar ' in our game . " Walsh describes how his claims that Armstrong doped made him "  a black sheep of the cycling family , " shunned by those inside the cycling world and given the cold shoulder by fellow journalists who feared associating with him would cost them access , too . Opinion : With Armstrong 's disgrace , will anything change ? "  It 's been a good journey because the truth was never hard to find in this story . You only had to be interested in looking . What made it interesting was how many people Armstrong had watching his back , " Walsh wrote . "  In the highest places he had friends . But he could n't stop Andreu , O'Reilly ,  ex-New Zealand cyclist Stephen  Swart and others from telling stories that contradicted his , and you had to spend only 10 minutes in their company to know they were n't lying . They could n't be bullied into silence . " Walsh also paid tribute to the courage of O'Reilly and Betsy Andreu on Twitter , as those "  who told the truth 10 years ago , without being compelled to do so " despite the pressure not to speak out . That pressure had an ugly face , Walsh said . "  Armstrong insinuated Emma was an "  alcoholic whore . " He and his legal bouncers portrayed Betsy as "  a jealous bitch . " They never blinked . " Tyler Hamilton Hamilton acknowledged doping on the CBS news show "  60 Minutes " in May 2011 and said he had seen Armstrong doing it , as well . He accused Armstrong of trying to intimidate him over the revelation . Having first tested positive for doping in 2004 , Hamilton said he continued to lie -- pointing to what he called omerta , or "  the code of silence ... within the top tier of cycling " as a reason . "  I believed that was my only way back into the sport , " he said . "  It is a bit of a mafia . It 's a powerful group . You can say the wrong thing , and next thing you know ... "	The handful of people who spoke out over doping say they were vilified by Armstrong A Texas insurance company wants up to $ 12 million back Team masseuse O'Reilly went through "  two-and-a-half to three years of hell " after speaking out Sports journalist David Walsh pays tribute to those who "  could n't be bullied into silence "
Santiago , Chile  CNN  -- Sure , Luke Mescher felt a trembling fear when the walls around him started to shake Saturday , but standing around confused and scared was n't an option . "  I was more focused on we need to get out of here and we need to get out of here as fast as we can , " said Mescher , a University of Iowa student studying Spanish in Chile . Mescher , 27 , was at the home of his host family when the 8.8-magnitude quake struck early Saturday . He was talking with friends on his computer when the power went out . Immediately after , he felt a subtle vibration that progressed into a violent shaking , he said . His host mom cried as the walls around them shook and her daughter attempted to comfort her , he said . "  They were "  paralyzed with fear , " he said . "  I was like , we do n't have time for this , " Mescher said . "  We need to get the hell out of here . " He grabbed his head lamp , the two women , and ran barefoot and bare-chested into the dark street . The three met dozens others in the staircase scurrying out the 20-story apartment building , he said . The exit was "  surprisingly orderly , " Mescher said . But others faced more of an ordeal . CNN iReporter Matias de Cristobal said the earthquake destroyed many homes in her Santiago neighborhood . Cristobal tried to climb upstairs to check on her three children -- age 6 , 9 , and 11 -- after she began feeling tremors on Saturday , but she was slowed by shifting ground and falling objects . Mirko Vukasovic , a 25-year-old illustrator in Santiago , had been dancing at a club early Saturday when the disco ball began swinging wildly . A chaotic evacuation was under way when the lights went out , but everyone managed to escape , Vukasovic said . "  Broken windows and falling building parts was what welcomed us in the streets , " he said . iReport : Read Mescher 's firsthand account Vukasovic submitted iReport video showing the damage to his fourth-floor apartment . "  What used to be a beautiful bathroom is now torn , a beautiful crack , " he said as his camera panned to a pile of tile and plaster that had been shaken loose from the walls . Some in Chile reacted to the quake with disbelief . "  It was 3 or 4 in the morning and I had come home late , " said Aneya Fernando , an American who teaches English in Santiago . "  Suddenly my bed was moving so violently that it woke me up . " "  I 'm on the 10th floor of a building and it was swaying and shaking , " Fernando , 23 , said . "  Suddenly it was just gone and I was confused . I thought it was in my head . " When Fernando 's electricity returned 30 minutes later , she learned of the earthquake on TV . Scott Ireland , a business traveler from Rochester , New York , who was staying at the Sheraton San Cristobal when the earthquake struck , submitted iReport photos of cracks in the exterior walls of his hotel . Ireland , 48 , had experienced two earlier earthquakes -- one in Turkey in 1966 and another in Southern California in 1971 . "  Not only was this the most severe , " he said , "  the duration was longer than anything I 'd ever experienced . Luckily the damage here was minimal . " Meschler , the Iowa student , encountered faces of confusion and concern when he and his host family left their apartment building and entered the street . Some tried using their phones to call out with no luck , others ran to neighboring apartment complexes , looking to help . iReport : Watch video of damage at an apartment Many throughout the city do n't have their basic utilities , the Salvation Army reported . Mescher does n't have gas , but his power and water are back on . The elderly seemed most frazzled by the rattling , he said . One elderly man had suffered a wound to his head . When the aftershocks began and kept rolling in jolts to his Santiago neighborhood , Mescher said some neighbors prepared for a night outside of their home . "  I did see a good portion of people go back upstairs an hour into it and put together what they could , " he said , speaking of a sleep away bag . "  There were a lot of people that got their car and took off . " Mescher had also tested his luck , considering he was unsure of the building 's stability after such a great temblor . "  After we were safely outside I made a quick run and grabbed a shirt and some shoes , " he said . About 5 a.m.  3 a.m. ET  -- about 90 minutes after the quake -- he returned to the apartment to finally get some rest , just to be rattled by another aftershock . According to the U.S. Geological Survey , a 6.9-magnitude aftershock hit Chile about that time . Dozens of aftershocks later , Mescher was looking at cracks that had shaped around the door frames and crept up walls . Chunks of plaster littered the floors , he said . "  I 've got to think there have to be some long-term structural issues , " he said . "  For the time being , I do n't think it 's going to fall on top of me . "	NEW : CNN iReporter says many homes destroyed in her Santiago neighborhood NEW : Witness to previous quakes said this one was strongest , most long-lasting Luke Mescher , a U.S. college student , was with host family in Chile when quake hit
CNN  -- For his victims , Thursday was roughly a decade in coming . That 's when Ariel Castro learned his fate for abducting and raping three women -- Amanda Berry , Michelle Knight and Gina DeJesus -- over a period of approximately 10 years . He pleaded guilty last week to 937 counts in a deal that eliminated the possibility of the death penalty . For a man who sought to control the lives of others , the sentencing hearing was a stark reminder of how fortunes can change . Castro , dressed in an orange jumpsuit , sat handcuffed at the defendant 's table . He was told he would spend the rest of his life behind bars . In contrast , his victims -- one of whom addressed the court and two of whom did so through representatives -- spoke about their new-found freedom . The script was flipped . Here 's a look at five extraordinary moments from court : 1 . Castro gets millennium in prison ; judge hails victims who "  have persevered " Judge Michael Russo did not mince words when he handed down Castro 's sentence , amounting to life in prison plus 1,000 years . "  Sir , there 's no place in this city . There is no place in this country . Indeed , there is no place in this world for those who enslave others , " he said . Contrary to the defendant 's testimony , Russo characterized Castro as a "  victimizer , " not a victim . "  You made them slaves and you treated them as if they were not people , that they were just sex objects , " the judge said . "  You do n't deserve to be out in our community . You 're too dangerous because in your mind , you 're a victim , again , as opposed to those who actually did suffer . " Castro interrupted Russo periodically to argue certain points . He took issue with being described as a "  violent sexual predator . " Russo claimed Castro was capable of choosing who he victimized , and elected to take advantage of young women . "  You felt you were dominating them but you were incorrect . You could not take away their dignity , " he said . "  Although they suffered terribly , Ms. Knight , Ms. DeJesus and Ms. Berry did not give up hope . They have persevered . "  In fact , they prevailed . These remarkable women again have their freedom , which is the most precious aspect of being an American . "  Mr. Castro you forfeited that right . You now become a number with the Department of Rehabilitation and Correction . You will be confined for the remainder of your days . " 2 . Knight speaks defiantly , eloquently : "  Years turned into eternity " Knight was the only one of Castro 's victims to speak directly in court . Flanked by her attorneys , she painted a damning portrait of her former captor and rapist , and touched on the time she spent under his roof . "  I cried every night . I was so alone , " she said , wiping tears from her face . "  I worried about what would happen to me and the other girls every day , " Knight said . "  Days never got shorter . Days turned into nights . Nights turned into days . Years turned into eternity . I knew nobody cared about me . " She called Castro a hypocrite for going to church and coming home to abuse her and the other women . The death penalty would be too easy , Knight told Castro , who sat stoically behind her as she spoke . "  I spent 11 years in hell . Now your hell is just beginning , " she said . Knight said she could forgive Castro , but that she will never forget . She hopes to help other victims of abuse . "  I know that there is a lot of people going through hard times , but we need to reach out a hand and hold them , and let them know that they 're being heard , " Knight said . "  After 11 years , I am finally being heard . And it 's liberating . " 3 . Castro : "  I do n't know why " For the first time at length in court , Castro spoke , offering a window into how he thinks . His roughly 16-minute statement was rambling . He spoke of what he considers his sexual addiction , and defended parts of his personality . He said he is a "  happy person inside . " Finally , Castro apologized . "  These people are trying to paint me as a monster , and I 'm not a monster . I 'm sick , " he said . Castro told the court he was a victim of sex abuse as a child and struggled throughout life with addiction . He compared his behavior to that of alcoholics . "  I did not prey on these women . I just acted on my sexual instincts because of my sexual addiction , and God as my witness , I never beat these women like they 're trying to say that I did , " he said . Captives ' hellish live inside Castro 's home Castro described taking his first victim . "  When I got up that day , I did not say , ` Oh , I 'm going to get up and try to find some women , ' because it just was n't my character . But I know it 's wrong , " he said . "  I 'm not trying to make excuses here . I know I 'm 100 % wrong for doing that . " Castro apologized to Berry , Knight and DeJesus , and asked for their forgiveness . He became emotional and his voice broke . "  I am truly sorry for what happened . To this day , I am trying to answer my own questions . I do n't know why , " he said . "  I just hope they can find it in their hearts to forgive me . Because we had a lot of harmony going on in that home . " 4 . "  She loves and she is loved , " spokeswoman says of DeJesus Sylvia Colon , a family member and spokeswoman , addressed the court on behalf of DeJesus . "  Today we will close this chapter of our lives , " she said . Colon asked for privacy for her family and for DeJesus , who she said is thriving . "  She laughs , she swims , she dances , and more importantly she loves and she is loved , " Colon said . "  She lives not as a victim , but as a survivor . Her insurmountable will to prevail is the only story worth discussing . " Colon addressed Castro directly at one point . She turned to face him and spoke in Spanish , asking that God have mercy on his soul . She also addressed members of the Castro family , saying that her family does not blame them . "  We are saddened that you are burdened with this horror and will unfortunately forever be tied to these atrocities , " she said . "  Please know that we do not hold you accountable and pray that you can one day be whole again . " Colon continued : "  Our family recognizes it is not for us to judge or determine any punishment . Only our higher power can do that . " 5 . Berry 's sister : "  Amanda 's concern is that her daughter will hear about things " Castro 's third victim , Berry , was represented in court by her sister , Beth Serrano . Her statement was short and to the point . Like the spokeswoman for DeJesus , she asked for privacy and said that her family member is getting stronger by the day . "  She is strong , beautiful , inside and out , and is doing better every day , " Serrano said , describing her sister as her best friend and the best person she knows . She said Berry does not want people to talk or write about what happened . Her sister wants to protect her daughter , Serrano said . "  Amanda 's concern is that her daughter will hear about things , or read about things , said by the wrong people , the wrong way , at the wrong time -- before Amanda thinks the time is right to tell her daughter . " Berry had no control over anything for a long time , said Serrano . "  Please let her have control over this , so she can protect her daughter . "	Ten centuries in prison for Castro , a speech of defiance from his victim Michelle Knight to former captor : "  After 11 years , I am finally being heard " Representatives of other victims ask for privacy Castro apologizes , attempts to explain his actions but finally , "  I do n't know why "
Chicago , Illinois  CNN  -- Former Illinois Gov. Rod Blagojevich was found guilty Tuesday of making false statements to the FBI , but escaped convictions on 23 other counts in a trial that is seen as at least a partial victory for Blagojevich . The jury , which deliberated for 14 days , said it was hung on 23 counts against him and on the counts against the former governor 's brother , Robert Blagojevich . The former governor faced charges including racketeering , wire fraud , attempted extortion and bribery . A two-term Democrat , he was removed from office in January 2009 amid accusations that he attempted to sell the U.S. Senate seat that had been occupied by Barack Obama before Obama was elected president . "  On every charge except for one , they could not prove that I did anything wrong , " said Rod Blagojevich , shorty after the jury was dismissed . "  I told the truth from the very beginning . " He added he would appeal the one conviction and thanked members of the jury for finding what they did . The next court date in the case is set for August 26 , though prosecutors said they will try the former governor again . The maximum penalty for making false statements is five years in prison and a $ 250,000 fine . Conviction on the counts of wire fraud , racketeering and attempted extortion would have carried a maximum sentence of 20 years in prison and a fine of up to $ 250,000 , while a conviction on the count of solicitation of bribery would have had a maximum sentence of 10 years and a fine of up to $ 250,000 . Blagojevich 's brother , Robert , stood trial with him on four of the charges . Robert Blagojevich testified that his brother was "  trying to politically work something to his benefit " in handling the Senate appointment but was thinking in terms of political horse-trading , not corruption . In one conversation recorded by federal agents , the former governor told an aide , "  I 've got this thing , and it 's -LSB- expletive -RSB- golden . I 'm just not giving it up for -LSB- expletive -RSB- nothing . " "  It did n't seem out of the ordinary , because Obama was taking a lot of people from Illinois with him to D.C. , " said Robert Blagojevich , who raised money for his brother . He said the governor "  was interested in the idea of being the head of Health and Human Services . " While awaiting trial , the ousted governor repeatedly asserted his innocence in interviews and on Twitter , as well as during his appearances on the "  Celebrity Apprentice " reality show . "  Unfortunately , the pain and embarrassment that this whole situation has caused our great state will not come to a complete close today , " said U.S. Rep. Jesse Jackson Jr. , D-Illinois , who was cited in the criminal complaint against Blagojevich . CNN 's Katherine Wojtecki contributed to this report .	NEW : Government prosecutors say they will try Blagojevich again Jurors found Blagojevich guilty of making false statements to the FBI The jury said it was hung on the other 23 counts against him The former Illinois governor was accused of attempting to sell Obama 's former Senate seat
CNN  -- Mobile is a big deal in Africa . People probably get tired of hearing that , but there are around 820 million mobile subscriptions on the continent . Mobile payments are becoming the norm and tech startups are building to it . Established industries are being disrupted by mobile and services that have been otherwise lagging in the African market are finding new vigor due to mobile solutions and better and more efficient ways of doing business . So here are just a few of Africa 's most interesting , exciting and emerging mobile startups . Clever cabs In the consumer transportation sector , two startups have really shown some potential to really disrupt this industry . Both use the basics of Uber , a U.S.-based mobile personal driver , which has coincidentally entered the African market in the last couple of months . ZapaCab works with cab companies in South Africa . Its app allows to you to order a cab via your mobile device -- a driver is then dispatched to pick you up . You 're given the driver 's name , car details and the estimated time of arrival . Easy Taxi Taxi is a Brazilian startup backed by African Internet Holdings , and its app now has a Lagos version . Simply download the app , request a cab and wait for it . Read also : 10 African tech startups you need to know Mellowcabs , on the other hand , is an amazing idea . Firstly its vehicles are very cool electrically assisted pedal-powered cabs -- and secondly , they are free to use , funded by advertising . The service wants to bring web advertising offline , sort of , through in-cab tablets . Each of the tablets runs geolocation software , so when the vehicles approach a certain store or restaurant , the software triggers specific adverts . In Ghana , the public sector is a good place to see what mobile can do . People who still use a post office box , this startup is for you . Based in Ghana , Boxbuzz is an SMS alert system that contacts PO box owners via text message whenever they receive mail in their boxes . How cool is that ? No more unnecessary trips to the post office . Games and health Gaming is becoming quite the thing in Africa and Nigerian startup ChopUp is looking to disrupt that with its social platform that connects mobile-device gamers across the continent . The platform allows players to interact based on gaming interests and achievements , and lets gamers share and transfer gaming points . Read this : Birth advice by text message , phone medicine in Kenya As a wannabe health nut , I am always looking for apps that can help me be healthy and monitor my eating and exercise habits . Diet Assistant is a Uganda-based mobile startup that has created an app that recommends healthy and affordable meal choices made of locally available and accessible foods . The app also aims to help with weight control and it can be customized to fit your needs . The healthcare industry is getting a fair amount of disruption right now . Faselty is an online blood donation system that organizes and helps to facilitate blood donation processes . The mobile integrated platform works through location and blood type . Then there is the mobile messaging scene , which everyone wants to be in , with the hopes of competing with WhatsApp . In Africa , 2go seems to be the instant messaging startup most likely to succeed . The service claims to have more than 30 million registered users in total and just over 10 million of those are in Nigeria . E-commerce is really making the rounds in Africa . Every day a new shop pops up and with a rising middle class willing to spend all that disposable income , why not ? That 's the premise behind M-DUKA , a Ugandan mobile shopping platform that allows you to buy virtual services like airtime , and to pay utility bills . All transactions are done via mobile and receipts are issued via text message . Read also : Africa 's giant infrastructure projects Staying secure Finally , mobile startups are also targeting the world of security . Cape Town , South Africa , is the birthplace of one of the world 's most popular security startup success stories -- certificate authority Thawte , which today is owned by Symantec . A startup that some have theorized could be become the Symantec of the mobile age , IMPI  International Mobile Protection Initiative  , also hails from Cape Town . IMPI provides anti-malware protection for Android devices , along with an integrated data management suite that simplifies the secure backup and storage of device data . Then there 's Journey from Embark Mobile . Journey allows companies to build mobile applications to securely capture data for their internally facing processes . As the data collected from the apps are stored in Journey 's cloud , communication is encrypted using industry-standard certificate-based SSL/TLS . The startup 's focus on deploying secure applications has attracted businesses in the financial sector , which often have stringent requirements and policies regarding their own data . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Michelle Atagana .	Mobile phones are driving commerce in Africa , says Michelle Atagana African startups are beginning to exploit the situation with innovative new applications Industries across the continent are being disrupted by new mobile tech
CNN  -- Seven Colombian national police officers were killed Sunday in an attack by suspected guerrillas in northern Colombia , defense ministry spokesman Javier Flores told CNN . The police were engaged in a routine patrol near the city of Tibu when they were ambushed by an explosive device , he said . The National Liberation Army , or ELN , guerrillas operate in the area and were suspected of being behind the attack , Flores said . In a separate incident in the south of the country , three soldiers were killed in a confrontation with FARC guerrillas , he said . The attacks come on Colombia 's election day , where a runoff will decide who will succeed President Alvaro Uribe , who held a tough stance against the guerrilla groups .	Police engaged in routine patrol near city of Tibu in northern Columbia They were ambushed by an explosive device , defense ministry spokesman says National Liberation Army guerrillas operate in area and are suspected in attack In separate election day incident , three soldiers killed in confrontation with FARC
London , England  CNN  -- Can we all get a better deal by making purchases together ? That 's the idea behind a new breed of "  group buying " Web sites -- at least one of which may be valued at more than $ 1 billion . It 's hardly a stretch to predict that group buying will become one of the biggest Web trends of 2010 , and the market leader will be one of the most closely-watched sites of the year . Groupon , which traces its origins back to 2008 , has a simple premise : If enough people agree to buy something , they all get a big discount . Today 's deal for those in New York : Save 50 percent on a $ 20 purchase of cupcakes from "  ChikaLicious Dessert Club . " If 450 people agree to the deal , everyone saves money . If that critical number is not reached , however , the deal is a dud . The site offers one deal per day in the cities it covers , and the number of cities in the network is growing fast . It 's a good idea for sure , but it might also be an incredibly valuable one . Web rumors this week suggest Groupon may be in the process of raising a new round of venture capital at a $ 1.2 billion valuation . The money follows a $ 30 million round that valued Groupon at $ 250 million . In layman 's terms : Investors think Groupon is set to be the Web 's next breakout hit . Groupon 's competitors are seeing big investment , too . Rival site LivingSocial recently raised $ 25 million . BuyWithMe has raised $ 5.5 million . How many group buying sites are there now ? Possibly dozens : SocialBuy , Groop Swoop and Scoop St. , to name a few . The dynamics of group buying mean that Groupon has a significant early advantage , however : The more users a site can gain , the more leverage it has to score big discounts from businesses . It 's a hot market we should have seen coming . The top Web trends at the start of the year included the "  real-time Web " and "  location . " With almost constant web connectivity provided by smartphones and free Wi-Fi at coffee shops , airports and bookstores -- not to mention the immediacy of Twitter and Facebook -- we 've come to expect instant gratification online . Group buying meets that need . Groupon is local , too , targeting deals to metropolitan areas . There 's a further trend Groupon capitalizes upon : Social networking brings us together to share opinions and experiences ... why not deals too ? Is Groupon worth a billion dollars ? Could the group buying market be worth multiple billions ? Investors seem prepared to make that bet . © 2013 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	A new breed of "  group buying " Web sites offers discounts by gathering mass purchases The market leader , Groupon , traces its origins back to 2008 The site offers one deal per day in the cities it covers The more users a site gains , the more leverage it has to score discounts
CNN  -- Champions League winners Barcelona have signed Chilean star Alexis Sanchez from Serie A Udinese on a five-year deal . Barcelona confirmed Thursday on their website that they had been successful in their pursuit of the 22-year-old , who had been linked to a number of other top European clubs . Sanchez has cost the Spanish champions $ 26 million  $ 38.2 m  but could pay an additional $ 11.5  $ 16.5 m  depending on appearances . He will be the first Chilean to play for the Catalan giants and gave clear indications that he wanted to join them in preference to other clubs . "  He has been strongly committed to playing for Barca , " the statement said . Sanchez will have medical before being officially presented at the Nou Camp Monday . Sanchez , who was voted best player in Serie A last season with 12 goals in 31 games , is Barcelona 's first major signing of the close season transfer window . In another major signing Thursday , Portuguese giants Benfica completed the signing of Spain 's World Cup winning defender Joan Capdevila from Villarreal . The 33-year-old left-back has been signed as a replacement for Portugal international Fabio Coentrao , who departed Lisbon for Real Madrid earlier this month . Capdevila played every match of Spain 's successful campaign in South Africa and the former Atletico Madrid full-back has signed a two-year deal at the Estadio de Luz . The one-time Deportivo la Coruna player has represented Spain on 57 occasions and was also part of Luis Aragones ' victorious Euro 2008 squad . Elsewhere , Dutch coach Ronald Koeman returned to football Thursday after agreeing to take the reigns at Dutch first division club Feyenoord . The 48-year-old has been out of the sport since leaving AZ Alkmaar in December 2009 and signed a one-year deal with the Rotterdam side . As a player , Koeman won the 1988 European Championships with Netherlands and the European Cup with both Barcelona and PSV . He also spent two years with Feyenoord between 1995-97 . Former Feyenoord coach Mario Been left the club after a disappointing season yielded a 10th place finish in the league and saw the one-time European champions humiliated 10-0 by PSV Eindhoven last October . Koeman has previously had spells in charge of Ajax , Benfica , PSV and Valencia .	Alexis Sanchez joins Barcelona from Serie A Udinese in big money deal Sanchez was voted Serie A best player of the year last season Joan Capdevila goes to Benfica from Villarreal on a two-year deal Ronald Koeman has returned to football as the new coach of Dutch side Feyenoord
Durban , South Africa  CNN  -- Making cities greener "  actually makes a lot of sense " in spite of the economic crisis , says former Irish President , Mary Robinson . "  You save money , " she said , adding that the real challenge is greening cities in poorer nations , like Bangladesh , where people live in "  almost impossible conditions . " Robinson was one of four leading climate change thinkers discussing how viable it is to invest in sustainable cities in a debate hosted by CNN 's Robyn Curnow during the 2011 U.N. Conference on Climate Change last week in Durban . Joining Robinson on the panel were Pan Jiahua , advisor to the Chinese delegation at the conference , Elliot Diringer , former adviser to the Bill Clinton 's U.S. presidential administration and Kumi Naidoo , executive director of Greenpeace International . Below is an edited version of the debate . CNN : Why would people now , especially in the current economic climate , think they need to go green ? Mary Robinson : Well , actually , it makes an awful lot of sense . If you make your home more efficient , you save money . Here in Durban , there is an exhibition of how to make buildings greener , how to make transport greener , and that is the way we have to go . But we have to recognize that our biggest growth in cities will be in poor developing countries -- I was in Dakar recently , in Bangladesh , and saw people living in almost impossible conditions and that is the real challenge . Could big cities lead the fight against climate change ? CNN : China has seen a twenty-fold increase in the number of cars over the past decade and expects energy consumption to double by 2030 . What is the country doing to ensure that growth is green ? Pan Jiahua : That is one part of the story -- the other part of the story is that we have consensus . We are very much aware of the challenges and that is why we have been so aggressive and that is why we have to  explore  nuclear and that is why we have to set a very challenging target by 2015 and 2020 for renewable energy development . CNN : Do you think China is doing enough ? Kumi Naidoo : China had made an assessment that not only is it right to invest in green technologies because of climate change , but in fact that it was actually good for the economy . Because countries that are going to dominate the future economy -- you can forget about the arms race and the space race -- the only countries that are going to do well in the future are those that win the green race . CNN : You were part of the team that helped negotiate the Kyoto protocol -- are you disappointed about the state of where things are now ? Elliot Diringer : I am disappointed about the lack of action in the United States , the lack of action in other countries , the lack of progress at the international level . But we have to learn the lessons of the last 15 years since Kyoto was negotiated -- we have been going in circles for 15 years now insisting on binding commitments . Unfortunately , the United States and others are n't ready for that . We ca n't abandon that goal but we ca n't keep beating ourselves up year after year expecting it now . Kumi Naidoo : I agree with that but let 's just be honest -- what 's on the table at the moment is lacking in ambition , lacking in urgency . We have to be honest with the people in all the world and say that in fact we are failing you , we are sleepwalking the planet into a crisis of epic proportions . CNN : What are for you the greenest cities ? What 's the model to aspire to ? Mary Robinson : There are very good Scandinavian models . I would like to see the implementation of what I heard yesterday -- that solar can be cheaper than kerosene for poor communities . I want green slum areas -- around most cities in the developing world you have these informal settlements and slum areas and that is where the real challenge is and that is where affordable and clean energy can transform those areas . Cities blazing a green trail Kumi Naidoo : Cities have to look , from top down , how they are using energy , where they actually locate offices , what transportation distances people have to travel to work , what kind of transportation they have to travel  in  . In fact our quality of life in cities in the main is going down and down . All countries have to begin to ask ourselves , what kind of society and consumption patterns gives us happiness , contentment and prosperity and I have to say that there is a lot of meaningless consumption that is contributing to this problem and we have to challenge what we consume . Pan Jiahua : In this regard , China is more advanced . Over two-thirds of ...  our  cities ... have low-carbon city planning , and we have very clear targets within these cities to reduce energy consumption , to reduce their carbon emissions and not only from the production side but from the consumer side . And we are going to change our behaviors . You are talking about the increase in car ownership , well now the Chinese are coming back to bicycles . I think we are moving in the right direction and we need to accelerate the process . Elliot Diringer : I think we need cities that offer people green choices . It is difficult to mandate changes in people 's behavior and lifestyle but you need to offer people the right choices and they will take them . So , mass transit that is convenient ; charging stations so you can have plug in electric vehicles and know that you can recharge them ; car sharing arrangements ; bicycle sharing arrangements .	CNN hosted a panel discussion with four leading environmental figures on the sidelines of COP17 The panelists discussed how financially viable will it be to create the sustainable cities of the future ` We are sleepwalking the planet into a crisis of epic proportions , ' says Greenpeace 's Kumi Naidoo
Mickey Rooney 's widow has filed a challenge against the validity of the will the legendary actor signed just weeks before his death at 93 , her lawyer said . The will left Rooney 's estate to a stepson and nothing to his wife , Janice , or other children . Attorney Eugene Belous told CNN he would be in Los Angeles County Probate Court on Monday morning to argue that the will contains "  a blatant misstatement " about agreements between her , the actor and his conservator . How Mickey Rooney showed America its heart "  There is NO provision in either of the two settlement agreements ... that terminates or in any way effects  her  rights as surviving spouse , " Belous said . A court filing says Jan Rooney signed an agreement waiving all claims to her husband 's estate after the couple separated in June 2012 after 34 years of marriage . Mickey Rooney 's court-appointed conservator , who is also named as executor in the will , told CNN on Friday that the challenge of the will "  is totally without merit . " Since there is not much money to fight over , attorney Michael Augustine said Rooney 's widow , who was separated from her husband the last two years of his life , was seeking public attention with the challenge . "  She can not resist her additional five minutes of fame , " Augustine said . Although Rooney disinherited his children , his wife and all but one of her children in a will he signed just weeks before his death , court papers suggest there is not much in his estate to fight over . His personal property is valued at just $ 18,000 despite an unmatched 90-year film career . The will signed by Rooney on March 11 , 2014 , left the entire estate to stepson Mark Rooney , one of Jan Rooney 's sons , who was the actor 's caretaker the last two years of his life . He died on April 7 . Rooney "  intentionally omitted " and disinherited his eight surviving biological children and two other stepchildren from his last marriage , the will said . Rooney had no negative feelings toward his surviving children , but they were all financially better off than he was , Augustine said , adding that Rooney believed that what little he had to leave should go to Mark Rooney and his wife , because they had been taking good care of him in his final two years . A hearing is scheduled for Monday to start the process of probating the actor 's will . An attorney for Mickey Rooney 's children is also contesting the will , Belous said . Fight over Mickey Rooney 's remains averted Augustine said there was no question that Rooney was of sound mind when he signed the will last March . The actor had just finished filming his "  Night at the Museum " scenes with Dick Van Dyke , in which he had no trouble learning his lines , he said . An independent lawyer appointed by a judge confirmed that he found Rooney to be "  perfectly competent , " Augustine said .	Jan Rooney 's will challenge is "  totally without merit , " actor 's lawyer says A lawyer for Jan Rooney says she 's filing objections over Mickey Rooney 's will A hearing to start the process of probating the will is set for Monday The will left Rooney 's estate to a stepson and nothing to his wife or other children
Five men are tasting freedom for the first time in years -- including one President Barack Obama described as "  one of the most important intelligence agents that the United States has ever had in Cuba " -- in a historic deal between the U.S. and Cuba announced Wednesday . The still unidentified spy was released along with Alan Gross , the American subcontractor held for five years in Cuba despite persistent and very public pushes for his release . The intelligence agent was part of a deal that exchanged him for three convicted Cuban spies who are now back home in Cuba . All five of the released men are now part of a bigger story , one that speaks to the long-held rivalry between the United States and Cuba that is now being rewritten as the two countries revamp diplomatic relations . Who are these men ? What did they do ? And what can they look forward to , now that they 're free ? Obama signals overhaul of Cuba relations RELEASED BY CUBA Unnamed U.S. intelligence agent The most significant person to be freed may be the only one who has n't been named , and about whom least is known . He is a U.S. intelligence agent who spent nearly 20 years in a Cuban prison before his release . But why ? "  This man -- whose sacrifice has been known to only a few -- provided America with the information that led us to arrest the network of Cuban agents that included the men transferred to Cuba today as well as other spies in the United States , " Obama said Wednesday . "  This man is now safely on our shores . " According to the office of the Director of National Intelligence , this Cuban national provided the U.S. government with information that "  was instrumental in the identification and disruption of several Cuban intelligence operatives in the United States and ultimately led to ... successful federal espionage prosecutions . " Specifically , the U.S. intelligence office tied this unnamed spy to the conviction of one-time Defense Intelligence Agency senior analyst Ana Belen Montes , who was sentenced to 25 years after pleading guilty of spying for the Cuban government in 2002 . He 's also tied to the case of ex-State Department official Walter Kendall Myers and his wife Gwendolyn , who pleaded guilty in 2009 for illegally aiding the Cuban government for decades . The unnamed agent also played a role in helping federal authorities go after the Florida-based Wasp Network , including members of the Cuban Five . Three of those five were released in exchange for this intelligence agent as part of Wednesday 's deal . "  Securing his release from prison after 20 years -- in a swap for three of the Cuban spies he helped put behind bars -- is fitting closure to this Cold World chapter of U.S.-Cuban relations , " the DNI office said . Alan Gross Though the 65-year-old Gross has been detained for less time than the others freed as part of the U.S.-Cuba exchange , his plight probably has been the most widely reported , thanks to his family 's public campaign for his release . A subcontractor for the U.S. Agency for International Development , Gross went to Cuba purportedly to bring the Internet to the Caribbean nation 's small Jewish community -- despite the Havana government 's restrictions on Internet access . His two-day , March 2011 trial took place behind closed doors , ending with his conviction for allegedly trying to set up an Internet network for Cuban dissidents "  to promote destabilizing activities and subvert constitutional order . " This month , his wife Judy Gross said her husband spent "  five years ... literally wasting away . Alan is done . " She urged U.S. President Barack Obama to bring Alan Gross back home , saying , "  otherwise , it will be too late . " While the others were swapped as part of a deal , the Cuban government says that Gross was let go unilaterally on "  humanitarian " grounds . Gross : ` I 'm free ' RELEASED BY THE UNITED STATES Gerardo Hernandez Hernandez led the group known as Cuban Five , who were arrested in 1998 and convicted of espionage in 2001 for gathering intelligence in Miami . He got special treatment in U.S. courts -- two life sentences , in fact -- compared to the others charged . This came after guilty verdicts on charges that included conspiracy to commit murder for engineering the downing of two planes flown in 1996 by the exile group Brothers to the Rescue . According to the National Committee to Free the Cuban Five , Hernandez and the others "  were falsely accused by the U.S. government of committing espionage conspiracy against the United States , and other related charges . The Five 's actions were never directed at the U.S. government . " That website claims the now 49-year-old , Havana-born Hernandez is a cartoonist-humorist and a Cuban military veteran who , after his conviction , was held in a federal prison in Victorville , California . He went on 54 combat missions , one of them as part of Cuban forces fighting against apartheid-era South African forces in Angola . Luis Medina Also known as Ramon Labanino , Medina belonged to the Cuban Five . During their trial , he and others said their mission was to gather intelligence in Miami to defend Cuba from anti-Castro groups they feared would attack the island . He got life plus 18 years , though his sentence was changed to 30 years in late 2009 , according to the National Committee to Free the Cuban Five website . Medina was serving his sentence in Ashland , Kentucky . The now 51-year-old grew up in Cuba 's capital , even graduating with first class honors with an economics degree from the University of Havana , the Free the Cuban Five site says . A talented athlete , he has three daughters -- ages 16 to 25 -- from two different marriages , according to the site . Antonio Guerrero Guerrero was the other member of the Cuban Five to be released -- not including other members Ruben Campa and Rene Gonzalez , who was let go in 2011 . Unlike the other five , Guerrero was born in Miami in 1958 , though he and his parents moved to their native Cuba the following year , says the National Committee to Free the Cuban Five website . An airfield construction engineer schooled in Ukraine when it was part of the Soviet Union . He proceeded to work on the expansion of the airport in Santiago de Cuba , and in his free time engaged in art and poetry , according to the Free the Cuban Five website . Re-sentenced in 2009 to nearly 22 years , according to that site , Guerrero leaves incarceration in Marianna , Florida , to reunite with his two sons , ages 22 and 27 .	U.S. agency says freed U.S. intelligence agent was a Cuban national He provided info that led to convictions of U.S. officials and others Obama called him "  one of the most important  U.S.  intelligence agents " in Cuba Cuba also frees Alan Gross ; U.S. releases 3 convicted Cuban agents as part of deal
CNN  -- The picture says it all . Curtis D. Tucker was thrilled to receive a Farrah Fawcett poster for his 14th birthday in 1976 . The shot of 14-year-old Curtis D. Tucker shows him unrolling one of his birthday treasures in 1976 , mouth slightly agape and eyes intensely focused on the gift . The present was one he had fervently requested from his parents and a hot item for many a young , red-blooded male during that bicentennial year : a poster of Farrah Fawcett  then known as Farrah Fawcett-Majors  . "  I was a huge Farrah fan , " said Tucker , now a cartoonist and entrepreneur living in Enid , Oklahoma . "  I had started collecting all of the magazines and pictures and I was basically pinning up every picture that came out of every magazine . Then along came that poster . " "  That poster " reportedly became the best-selling of all time -- with more than 12 million copies sold -- and helped make Fawcett one of the last great pinups . A private funeral is scheduled Tuesday at the Cathedral of Our Lady of the Angels in downtown Los Angeles , California , for the actress who died at the age of 62 from cancer . With her famously thick blond hair , red swimsuit , and smile as big and bright as the California sun , the actress was the epitome of the wholesome , all-American girl . "  She was full of life and so happy with that blond hair and that huge smile , " said Tucker , who is n't sure if he still has the poster in his attic . "  Without that poster , I do n't think she would have become what she was . " That freshness and beauty is what landed her poster on Tucker 's , and countless others ' , bedroom walls . Maria Elena Buszek , the author of "  Pin-up Grrrls : Feminism , Sexuality , Popular Culture , " said pinups "  straddled the line between portraiture and pornography " and included early stage actresses , the famed models of Alberto Vargas and the most famous pinup of all , Bettie Page . Fawcett has her place in pinup history , said Buszek , an assistant professor of art history at Kansas City Art Institute , School of Liberal Arts . "  The Farrah Fawcett poster really is one of the last iconic pinup images of the 20th century , " Buszek said . "  By the 1970s , because of the sexual revolution and mores about sexuality becoming looser in the west , the pinup does start to become more nostalgic . " When the photo was taken , Fawcett had not yet become one of "  Charlie 's Angels , " the role which helped make her a star . She was instead better known for her commercials and ads , most notably -- and not surprisingly -- for Wella Balsam shampoo . Photographer Bruce McBroom shot the now iconic image and told Entertainment Weekly that the starlet was at the time a young innocent from Texas who did her own hair and makeup for the shoot . "  She had no idea of how beautiful and how attractive she was , I 'm sure , " McBroom recalled . "  She was just like apple-pie , girl-next-door kind of girl , and in all the years I knew her she never changed . " Now Fawcett 's image , which was considered racy at the time , is a huge part of nostalgia . Ken Leicht , a manager of Hollywood Book and Poster Company in Los Angeles , said that before Fawcett 's death , the poster was most in demand from production companies looking to stage the 1970s . "  That poster , that shot of her , is just one of the definitive images of that time , " Leicht said . "  Most of the time with the posters , the teen girls are driving the market , and Farrah is probably one of the last ones that was for the guys . " Leicht said actresses today , with the exception of a few like Pamela Anderson , do n't really opt to market themselves using posters anymore . iReport.com : Share your memories of Fawcett Matt Delzell , group account director for marketing and promotions agency The Marketing Arm , said that eventually the pinup transitioned more into supermodel pictures with the likes of Cindy Crawford , Claudia Schiffer and Elle MacPherson , as well as the Sports Illustrated swimsuit issue . Fawcett had the crossover appeal that went beyond just being a model , Delzell said . "  The poster came along at a time when posters were popular and she had the right photographer and took the right photo , " Delzell said . iReport.com : Fawcett 's hairstyle was in high demand It certainly was the right shot for cartoonist Curtis D. Tucker . He was n't a big fan of "  Charlie 's Angels , " he said , so he was n't that distressed when Fawcett left after only a year . After all , he was still able to keep her close . "  The poster was something you had at home that you could look at every day , " said Tucker , who kept the image up for several years . "  I collected a few other pictures of some of the other Angels , but there was n't anybody else after Farrah . She was the last . "	Iconic poster of Farrah Fawcett reportedly best-selling of all time Image graced many a young man 's bedroom wall Professor : Poster "  one of the last iconic pinup images " Photographer says Fawcett "  had no idea of how beautiful " she was
CNN  -- Humorist Dave Barry is back with a new book . The prolific writer shares parenting stories in "  You Can Date Boys When You 're Forty : Dave Barry on Parenting and Other Topics He Knows Very Little About . " He has written more than 30 books , but this is the first that headlines his role as a parent . Despite the title , Barry explains , it 's not purely a parenting book . "  I would n't want anybody to think that this is a book where they 're going to learn useful information about parenting , " he said . "  Or , really , anything else . " Like many of his books , this is a collection of essays sharing his opinions on a wide range of issues and experiences . Readers will learn about his impressions of "  Fifty Shades of Grey , " his tips on how to cook a steak and his hatred of his mail . The 66-year-old also shares personal stories about his kids , Rob , 33 , and Sophie , 14 . He reveals that he "  made the ultimate sacrifice " for his daughter : He took her to a Justin Bieber concert . Barry received a Pulitzer Prize for Commentary for his nationally syndicated humor column . For nearly 30 years , he has lived in Miami , which has provided plenty of fodder for his fiction and nonfiction books . "  If you want to write humor , just come here , " he said . "  You do n't really need a sense of humor at all . You just write down what people actually do here , and it strikes everyone else as outrageously funny . " Barry spoke to CNN about his new book , his daughter 's changing musical tastes and his plans for his next project . Below is an edited transcript . CNN : What parenting advice would you offer ? Dave Barry : I 'd say lighten up . I think a lot of parents get pretty intense . As far I can tell , more it 's the moms than the dads , partly because the dads , let 's face it , are irresponsible scum and do n't even necessarily know how old their children are or what their names are . It 's the moms who are doing everything . But they sometimes get a little hovery . A little intense . And a little too determined to actually control the outcome of their child 's lives , which you really ca n't do . But there seem to be parents who believe they can . CNN : Have you modified your parenting style having a daughter versus a son ? Barry : Absolutely . Girls turn into women , and they do it really fast and dramatically and terrifyingly . Suddenly -- boom ! -- they are women . And then , boys come around . I did n't worry about sex or social life or anything like that . With Sophie , I 'm really aware of boys , because I happen to be one , or I was one . I 'm a male , and I know we 're scum . We 're all scum . We know it . When they show up , they 're nice to me , because I 'm the dad . But they 're not fooling me . I know they 're scum , deep inside . I want them to go away . It would be nice if I could get a humane trap , a boy trap , that I would put on the lawn . It would be baited with something that boys like , like fireworks , something insane . When I hear it clang shut , I would go out and take the boy and release him humanely in the Everglades . CNN : How does Sophie feel ? Is she OK with waiting until she 's 40 to date ? Barry : No . She would completely disregard anything I would tell her about boys . She is so entrenched . She is in this world . They are so connected , these kids . She is close , personal best friends with basically every young teenage girl in North America . They are all connected on Twitter or Instagram or whatever it is they 're on now . She is constantly communicating with at least 17,000 people at once . She is part of this matrix of girls . So she has no interest at all in what I have to say . She does n't have time , really , to communicate with me , other than , "  Would you prefer waffles this morning or Fruity Pebbles ? " That 's my main communication . I make her breakfast . Her interest in my opinion about boys is , I would say , close to zero . CNN : Aside from the Bieber concert , what other sacrifices have you made as a parent ? Dave Barry : The bad news is ,  Sophie  is on a travel soccer team . Instead of watching her dance , now I watch her play soccer . I like it , but it 's the travel part that I do n't get . We 'll drive 400 miles to watch our team lose . I 'm thinking , why could n't we just stay home and play somebody that can beat us ? Why do we have to go to all that effort to lose ? I like being a parent , but there are sacrifices . CNN : Do you have any advice for Justin Bieber , who has been in the news lately for the wrong reasons ? Barry : He should listen to somebody beside whoever he 's listening to now . I do n't think he 's getting a ton of guidance . My main advice is to him is , "  Just stay away from my daughter , Justin Bieber . She does n't like you any more anyway . " She likes One Direction . I think . As of this morning , anyway . CNN : What is your next project ? Barry : I wrote a book called "  The Worst Class Trip Ever . " It 's about an eighth-grade class trip that goes really wrong . I was a chaperone on a class trip with my daughter . Nothing went particularly wrong ; it 's just , I thought , "  Man . This would be a good opportunity for a book . Things could go really wrong . " You have a bunch of kids and a bunch of parents who are basically rank amateurs , wrangling children in a strange place . Things could go really wrong . That was my idea . It 's a class from Miami , based on my daughter 's middle school really , that goes on a class trip to Washington . Five kids get involved in a seriously bad situation . High jinks ensue . Dave Barry 's latest book of essays , "  You Can Date Boys When You 're Forty : Dave Barry on Parenting and Other Topics He Knows Very Little About , " published March 4 .	Dave Barry : "  Just stay away from my daughter , Justin Bieber " Barry , author of more than 30 books , has a new book on parenting Barry : "  I 'm a male , and I know we 're scum . We 're all scum "
EW.com  -- He 'll be back ... if the script is right . Arnold Schwarzenegger has given Hollywood agency CAA approval to discuss a potential new Terminator movie with studios , a source close to the star confirms to EW , but until Schwarzenegger sees a script and specifics about the project , he will not fully commit to it . Director Justin Lin  who helmed this weekend 's "  Fast Five "  is reportedly attached to direct the film , but it does not yet have a screenwriter . The rights to the franchise were sold to hedge fund Pacificor last year in a deal worth $ 29.5 million after Halcyon Holding -- which had acquired the franchise in 2007 -- declared bankruptcy . Sony and Lionsgate had attempted to jointly bid for the property , but the bankruptcy judge awarded it to the Santa Barbara , California-based hedge fund management company instead . The most recent film in the sci-fi franchise , 2009 's "  Terminator Salvation , " grossed $ 371 million worldwide , but did not star Schwarzenegger  although his computer-generated likeness did make a brief cameo in the film 's final act  . The former California governor 's last starring role was in 2003 's "  Terminator 3 : Rise of the Machines "  global gross : $ 433 million  , and he continues to be strongly identified with the cybernetic assassin that helped propel him to superstardom . EW reported exclusively last month that Schwarzenegger 's first post-governor gig would be the animated series "  The Governator , " a play off of the title combining "  governor " and "  Terminator " that became synonymous with his tenure running California 's government before he even had the job . "  When I ran for governor back in 2003 and I started hearing people talking about ` the Governator , ' I thought the word was so cool , " Schwarzenegger told EW last month . With so many speculating over what live-action role he will take on first now that he 's left the governor 's mansion , it 's not a huge surprise that while the 63-year-old is done being governor , he may not quite be done being the terminator . See full article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2010 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Until the actor sees a script , he will not fully commit to the film Director Justin Lin is reportedly attached to direct the film Schwarzenegger 's first post-governor gig will be the animated series "  The Governator "
Mashable  -- The enormously popular "  Angry Birds " game for iOS and Android just got 30 new levels with a chance to find one more , and the update is free . The title of the new western-themed episode is "  Ham 'Em High , " and it includes subtle additions and improvements .  To clarify -- the Android version is new , the iOS version has been available for a few weeks but received 15 new levels . There are cowboy hats and sombreros that have their own unique physics . And , the game 's developer Rovio seems to pay homage to its handheld game competitor "  Cut the Rope " -- a new element in "  Angry Birds " has rocks and sawblades hanging by ropes you can cut with the catapulted birds , turning the rocks and blades into rolling projectiles that can wreak havoc on those nasty porkers . Rovio has hidden a secret level that you can find if you found a clue in yesterday 's Super Bowl game , where an unlock code will pop up during a commercial for the movie "  Rio . " Rovio recently announced a "  Rio " / "  Angry Birds " tie-in . Android users will be happy to know that according to TheTechJournal , there 's a bug fix included , adding QVGA support , optimizations that make the game more stable , and support for more Android devices . © 2011 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	"  Angry Birds " just got 30 new levels with a chance to find one more Title of the new western-themed episode is "  Ham 'Em High " Clue to be found in Super Bowl game unlocks a secret level
Deauville , France  CNN  -- Leymah Gbowee , the Liberian activist who last year won the Nobel Peace Prize , says she is disappointed with fellow winner Ellen Johnson Sirleaf , Liberia 's president , and believes laureates need to do more to spread the message of peace . "  I think there should be more required of us by the committee ... in terms of preaching the message , " said Gbowee , who shared the 2011 prize with Johnson Sirleaf and Yemeni activist Tawakkol Karman . Read more : Three women 's rights activists share Nobel Peace Prize All Nobel laureates should come together , particularly Peace Prize winners , "  to really sit down and talk about the impact we 're making on the world , " she told CNN in an interview at the 8th Edition of the Women 's Forum Global Meeting in France . Gbowee is a member of the Nobel Women 's Initiative , established in 2006 by among others the late Wangari Maathai , which supports women 's rights globally . Over the years , the Norwegian Nobel Committee 's Peace Prize awards have come under scrutiny . Critics have questioned their choices and politics . Read more : African women look within for change Many saw the award given to U.S. President Barack Obama in 2009 , during the first year of his presidency , as premature . Many also question the fact that Indian leader Gandhi never received the prize , despite a number of nominations . This year 's winner will be announced Friday . Gbowee is credited with helping to end Liberia 's civil war in 2003 by leading women in non-violent protest , including organizing "  sex strikes . " This week , the outspoken and charismatic campaigner publicly criticized fellow laureate Johnson Sirleaf for failing to fight corruption and nepotism in Liberia . "  Let down by her , I wo n't say 100 % , but on certain issues , yes , " Gbowee said . Gbowee , who helped Johnson Sirleaf get reelected to a second term last year , asked why the Liberian president 's three sons all have lucrative government posts . She called for Johnson Sirleaf , who became Africa 's first elected female head of state in 2005 , to make one of her sons step down from his job as chairman of the state-owned National Oil Company  NOCAL  . "  The public  in Liberia  has spoken , these are the people who voted for  Johnson Sirleaf  , " she said of the outcry in Liberia over the appointment . Read more : Making it as a female movie mogul in Hollywood Gbowee also resigned as head of the country 's reconciliation commission after less than a year because of her concerns . Gbowee acknowledges that Johnson Sirleaf has made progress during her time in office , particularly in building infrastructure and reducing debt in the war-scarred nation . Liberia is one of the world 's poorest and least developed countries . Fourteen years of conflict from 1989 to 2003 left an estimated 250,000 dead . But Gbowee says if Johnson Sirleaf does not "  put her foot down  on corruption  ... it 's really going to hurt not just her but future women 's leadership in Liberia . " Gbowee describes winning the Nobel Peace Prize as a great platform for raising awareness of her work on peace and education . Gbowee is the head of the Ghana-based Women Peace and Security Network  WPSN  and has recently launched a foundation that funds Liberian girls through college . So far , she says , the foundation has helped 30 girls . She says she was under no illusions when she won the prize that it would translate into extra funding for her projects . "  Being a woman , and being African -- those are two things that ... make raising funds very difficult for peace work , " she said . Read more : Words of wisdom from women of power While she has yet to come to terms with the celebrity that accompanies winning the prize , Gbowee says the essence of what she does is still working in the community . "  What I do is not to be all red carpet and glam and cams ... when it becomes necessary to come on the red carpet , I should have a message from down there to bring to the red carpet . " Her skills and profile beg the question of whether she has ambitions in the political arena . Gbowee would n't rule out running for political office in Liberia but said that she 's still young . "  I 'm just 40 . How can I translate this gift of a Nobel into a better life for girls on the continent of Africa in general and Liberia in particular ? That 's the quest that I 'm on right now . "	Activist Leymah Gbowee shared 2011 prize with Liberian president Ellen Johnson Sirleaf Gbowee says Johnson Sirleaf has failed to to fight corruption and nepotism in Liberia Johnson Sirleaf has appointed her sons to lucrative government posts Gbowee says Peace Prize winners should be more focused on spreading peace
CNN  -- Arsenal 's Andrey Arshavin became the first player to score four goals in a league game at Liverpool for 64 years but it was not enough to stop the Reds returning to the top of the Premier League after another 4-4 draw . Russian Arshavin hit four goals for the first time in his career in a dramatic eight-goal Anfield thriller . A week after crashing out of the Champions League 7-5 on aggregate after sharing eight goals in their quarterfinal second leg at Chelsea , Liverpool took their fans on another rollercoaster ride . A draw was going to be enough to take the Merseysiders above Manchester United -- they have two games in hand -- but it needed 90 minutes of drama before they edged ahead on goal difference . Russian striker Arshavin opened the scoring after 36 minutes and struck again after 67 , 70 and 90 as Arsenal bounced back following their weekend FA Cup semifinal defeat . Fernando Torres , with a header after 49 minutes , and Yossi Benayoun  56  hit back after halftime before Arshavin sent Arsenal 3-2 ahead with 20 minutes left . Torres 's second of the night after 72 hauled Rafael Benitez 's side level two minutes later -- but it took Benayoun to salvage a draw for Liverpool in the third minute of time added on after that man Arshavin had hit number four after 90 minutes . It was the first time in his career that Arshavin had scored four in a match and he told Sky : "  I liked the game but of course it 's not good for the team ... almost basketball . " Arsenal boss Arsene Wenger said of his Russian star : "  His performance was outstanding . He had a quiet first half but when he comes into the game he is always very dangerous . He has personality and is a winner . " Liverpool manager Rafael Benitez saw his team concede a quartet of sloppy goals but he could not fault their commitment to the cause . "  You never know , " he said of the Reds ' dwindling hopes of overhauling United . "  Today we made too many mistakes , but it 's also very positive because the team showed character until the last minute . " Benitez added : "  They  United  had it  the advantage in the title race  before and they continue in the driving seat . We have to keep pushing and showed today we will fight until the last game . "	Andrey Arshavin hits four goals as Arsenal draw 4-4 at Liverpool who go top Arshavin opened scoring after 36 minutes and added more on 67 , 70 and 90 Fernando Torres and Yossi Benayoun replied with two goals apiece for Reds
In what many sports fans view as a historic move , the reigning NBA champion San Antonio Spurs announced the hiring of Becky Hammon as assistant coach . Terms of Hammon 's contract were not disclosed . "  I very much look forward to the addition of Becky Hammon to our staff , " Spurs head coach Gregg Popovich said . "  Having observed her working with our team this past season , I 'm confident her basketball IQ , work ethic and interpersonal skills will be a great benefit to the Spurs . " At her introductory press conference Tuesday afternoon , Hammon called the opportunity humbling . "  I 'm just incredibly grateful , obviously , to the Spurs organization and Coach Pop and  Spurs General Manager R.C. Buford  , " Hammon said . "  The whole staff really just from day one has been so great to me . I 'm a little overwhelmed right now , to be perfectly honest . " Hammon , a six-time WNBA All-Star , announced July 23 she will retire as a player at the end of this season . She has played the last eight seasons with the San Antonio Stars . Hammon is not the first woman in NBA history on an NBA coaching staff . Lisa Boyer , while working for the WNBA 's Cleveland Rockers as an assistant coach , also was on the Cleveland Cavaliers coaching staff under John Lucas in 2001-2002 . Boyer is now the associate head coach for the South Carolina women 's basketball team . Hammon alluded to the historical impact of her hiring , but she also tied in career fields other than basketball . "  There 's women that have trail-blazed much bigger paths and really trail-blazed the path for things like this to happen , " Hammon said . "  There 's a lot more important things going on , in the bigger things , CEOs of companies . Women are really in every area . They 're in the surgery rooms . They 're doctors . They 're lawyers . They 're COOs . "  So even me sitting here today to be able to have the playing experience that I had as a professional basketball player , women went before me to pave that trail . So I 'm really just reaping benefits of all their hard work and labor . " Popovich found out through San Antonio Stars head coach Dan Hughes that Hammon was interested in coaching . That led to Hammon spending time with Popovich and the rest of the Spurs team at practices , and a feature on "  NBA Inside Stuff . " "  She 's right in the middle and she knows how to do it and her players really respond to her , " Popovich said in the "  Inside Stuff " feature . "  She 's just a natural . " Spurs guard/forward Danny Green was complimentary as well . "  Everybody here respects her , " Green said . "  She 's a really good player and also a good person to have around . She understands the game . " In the feature , Popovich also said Hammon "  knows when to talk " and "  when to shut up , " saying that a lot of people do n't figure that out . "  She talks the game , she understands the game , " Popovich said . "  So for all those reasons you really know she 's got that same sort of Avery Johnson , Steve Kerr ,  Mike  Budenholzer type thing . " Hammon acknowledged she will be in high-pressure situations . "  I 'm ready to be treated as just any other assistant coach , " she said . Despite going undrafted in 1999 , Hammon was named one of the WNBA 's Top 15 Players of All Time in July 2011 . She 's seventh in league history in points with 5,809 , fourth in assists  1,687  and sixth in games  445  . Hammon has averaged 13.1 points per game in her career . Hammon , who grew up in Rapid City , South Dakota , spent her first eight WNBA seasons with the New York Liberty after signing as an undrafted free agent . On a draft-night deal in 2007 , she was traded to San Antonio . Hammon also was a three-time All-American at Colorado State . Hammon , one of many women 's players to also play professionally overseas during WNBA offseasons , became a naturalized Russian citizen in 2008 . That same year , when she was the runner-up in the WNBA MVP voting , Hammon created a stir when she decided to suit up for the Russian National Team in the 2008 Olympics in Beijing . She said she was feeling overlooked by USA Basketball for a spot on the U.S. national team but still wanted to fulfill her dream of playing in the Olympics . Hammon also played for the Russian team in the 2012 London Games . Clermont boss says female soccer coaches should be "  normal "	Hammon , a six-time WNBA All-Star , announced July 23 she will retire as a player Spurs head coach Gregg Popovich praises her coaching talent Hammon is not the first woman in NBA history on an NBA coaching staff
LAGOS , Nigeria  CNN  -- A Nigerian militant group tangling with government forces in the country 's southern oil-producing region declared "  an all-out war " Friday after what it said was a deadly bombing raid on civilians . Militants from the Movement for the Emancipation of the Niger Delta have declared war on Nigerian troops . The military , meanwhile , pressed ahead against the fighters , wresting control of a hijacked tanker and capturing a militant stronghold . The developments are the latest in the escalating hostilities between the government and the Movement for the Emancipation of the Niger Delta , which demands that more of the country 's oil wealth be reinvested in the region instead of enriching those whom the militants consider corrupt politicians In e-mail messages to reporters , the militant group said it sank six army gunboats , destroyed three others and captured three in the restive Niger Delta region . "  Many soldiers have been killed , and the military has made a hasty retreat , " said the group , which is calling on "  men of fighting age to enlist " in its battle against government forces . Also , the group said , it had captured personnel from a Nigerian warship deployed from Liberia to help the military and was "  in the process " of torching the vessel . "  We have some casualties on our side , obviously , " a militant spokesman said . "  Obviously , the battle is more serious as night comes . " Col. Rabe Abubakar , spokesman for the Nigerian military 's joint task force , confirmed exchanges of fire between government forces and militants and reported the seizure of a militant camp , saying one soldier was wounded and the militants "  suffered a lot of casualties . " The troops are conducting cordon-and-search operations designed to nab militants in their suspected hideouts along the southern region 's creeks . Abubakar said that the military conducted a successful "  rescue " mission of a recently hijacked oil condensate tanker , and that the captain and the crew , some foreign , were safe . The militant group said Nigerian troops fired stray bullets that killed a Filipino "  hostage " on the ship in Delta state , but the Nigerian military could n't confirm the killing of a "  foreign hostage . " The violence , which has included attacks on pipelines and hostage-taking , has limited shipment of crude oil supplies out of Nigeria . The militant group said Friday the country 's armed forces conducted "  indiscriminate aerial bombardment on the defenseless civilians in the Gbaramatu area of Delta state . " It said the strikes were punishment "  for the humiliating defeat " of the army in raids on two militant camps Wednesday . "  Casualties are mostly women , children and the elderly who could not get away quickly into the bush or high sea , " the militant group said . It also repeated its "  directive " for oil companies in the region to "  evacuate by the deadline of midnight today and cease oil production until further notice . " The military made reference to the directive , saying it is responding to attacks on troops , hijackings of vessels and threats to innocent people , such as the "  expatriates who were given ultimatum to leave the region by the militants . " It characterized the various claims by the militants as "  propaganda . " "  We are not at war with any individuals or groups in the region , " Abubakar said . "  Ours is to protect lives and property and also to rid the region of criminals who hide under the guise of struggle agenda to perpetrate crime . " CNN 's Christian Purefoy contributed to this report .	NEW : Military takes control of hijacked tanker , captures militant stronghold Nigerian militants declared "  an all-out war " on government troops Movement for the Emancipation of the Niger Delta claims success against army It says the military has attacked innocent civilians
CNN  -- In his 11 years in charge at Goodison Park , David Moyes never witnessed an Everton victory at Old Trafford . At least now he can scratch that off his ` to do list ' . A 1-0 home defeat by his former employer courtesy of Bryan Oviedo 's 86th minute strike means Manchester United is now 12 points adrift of league leader Arsenal after just 14 games of the season . "  I 'm very disappointed , " United manager Moyes told Sky Sports following Wednesday 's game . "  We needed a bit of good fortune and we did n't get it . Everton kept at it and showed us what a good team they are . "  We did n't defend the goal well enough so it was our own doing . We had some chances as well , as did Everton . they have been playing well and that 's why they are up near the top of the league . "  It was n't about me tonight , I was fortunate to manage Everton and I 'm fortunate to be managing Manchester United . It 's a big catch up for us now . " Moyes was left frustrated after his side , which included former Everton midfielder Marouane Fellaini , failed to fire . It was Everton 's first success on the red half of Manchester since 1992 but it could scarcely have come at a better time for Roberto Martinez 's side . When Moyes left Goodison to replace Alex Ferguson at the end of last season , much of the talk was how United would move forward . Instead , it is Everton which has moved on -- climbing to fifth in the table while playing a far more expansive brand of football . "  It was a big battle today , " Martinez told Sky Sports . "  We were outstanding at playing Manchester United eye-to-eye . "  It is fair to say we did expect United to have their chances , but we were very confident with Tim Howard and our defenders . "  As an away team , you normally feel you will have only one or two chances maximum . But with our ambition , we created many , many chances . "  If you look at the overall position we deserved all three points and that is an incredible statement . " While Everton was busy pulling off a stunning win , Merseyside neighbor Liverpool was also in the midst of something special as Luis Suarez scored four times in his side 's 5-1 mauling of Norwich . Suarez , who has now 11 goals against Norwich in four appearances , including three hat-tricks , took his career tally to 51 Premier League goals . Raheem Sterling rounded off the scoring to leave Liverpool in fourth -- seven points off the top . Elsewhere , Arsenal remains four points clear at the top of the table following a comfortable 2-0 home win over Hull City . Nicklas Bendtner gave the home side an early lead before Mesut Ozil sealed the win in the second half . Arsene Wenger 's men sit above Chelsea which earned a 4-3 win at Sunderland . Eden Hazard scored twice and Frank Lampard was also on target in a seven-goal thriller . Manchester City remains in the hunt following a 3-2 win at West Bromwich Albion . City , which is currently third , survived a late fightback after sailing into a three-goal lead with Yaya Toure 's double adding to Sergio Aguero 's opener . Elsewhere , Tottenham claimed a 2-1 win at Fulham , Aston Villa beat Southampton 3-2 while Cardiff claimed a point at Stoke following a goalless draw . France In France , Paris Saint-Germain suffered a shock 2-0 defeat at Evian as it failed to equal the record for its longest unbeaten streak in the top flight . PSG entered the contest unbeaten in 26 previous league matches , one short of the record set by the title winning side of 1993-94 . It had also hoped to equal the overall run of 36 games without defeat in all competitions -- a streak which does not include the penalty shoot-out defeat by Evian in last season 's French Cup . Again it was Evian which proved to be PSG 's undoing with Clarck Nsikulu and on-loan Marseille winger Modou Sougou doing the damage late on . PSG is now just a point clear of Lille at the top of the table and two clear of third place Monaco . Germany Bayern Munich booked its place in the last eight of the German Cup with a 2-0 win at Augsburg , despite losing winger Arjen Robben to injury . Robben , who opened the scoring after just four minutes , was forced out of the tie following a collision with Augsburg keeper Marwin Hitz . The Dutchman 's replacement , Thomas Muller , scored his side 's second 12 minutes from time to seal the win . Elsewhere , there were wins for Bayer Leverkusen , Eintracht Frankfurt and Wolfsburg .	Manchester United beaten 1-0 at home by Everton Luis Suarez scores four as Liverpool crushes Norwich 5-1 Victories for Arsenal , Manchester City and Chelsea PSG loses unbeaten run in France
CNN  -- "  Our country has changed , " wrote Chief Justice John Roberts on June 25 , 2013 , when five of the nine Supreme Court Justices dismantled the historic Voting Rights Act . Roberts is correct in at least one respect : Today 's Republican Party is no longer the party of Abraham Lincoln , as former Supreme Court Justice John Paul Stevens reminded us again in a recent article in The New York Review of Books . Stevens , a lifelong Republican appointed to the court by Gerald Ford , attacked Roberts and his Republican colleagues for usurping the authority of Congress which had overwhelmingly renewed the act in 2006 . But 48 years ago this week , the Republican Party supported the cause of voting rights . On August 6 , 1965 , when President Lyndon Johnson signed the Voting Rights Act into law , he gave the second pen he used to Everett Dirksen , the Republican Senate Minority Leader . Dirksen deserved the honor because he was a major architect of the act . In fact , the bill was written in Dirksen 's office as he sat next to Acting Attorney General Nicholas Katzenbach . Later , insiders joked that the bill should be called "  Dirksenbach . " Although suffering from emphysema , ulcers and an enlarged heart , Dirksen worked hard defending the bill on the floor of the Senate , successfully defeating Southern efforts to weaken it . Johnson feared that a Southern filibuster would delay the bill until the Senate adjourned for the summer , a dangerous prospect . "  They been doin ' that for 35 years that I been here , " Johnson fumed , "  and I been watchin ' 'em do it . " Opinion : 50 years later , civil rights struggle is far from over Johnson turned to Dirksen for help . The Senator from Illinois persuaded 23 fellow Republicans to vote for cloture , shutting off a filibuster and freeing the Voting Rights Act for an up or down vote . When it came , 30 Republicans joined 47 Democrats to pass the bill and send it to the House for their consideration . After Southern efforts to destroy the bill in the House were defeated and differences between House and Senate versions of the bill were resolved in conference committee , the 1965 Voting Rights Act was passed overwhelmingly by both houses of Congress that August , with Republican support . Soon , however , Republicans began to court white voters in the South and elsewhere who were alienated by the Democratic Party 's embrace of civil rights . Richard Nixon first adopted this "  Southern strategy " in his 1968 presidential campaign , following the advice of Kevin Phillips , a political advisor , who later noted that "  the more Negroes who register as Democrats in the South , the sooner the Negrophobe whites will quit the Democrats and become Republicans . " And so it came to be : Blacks , who were affiliated with Lincoln 's Republican party after the Civil War and well into the 20th century , moved decisively to join the party of Johnson , and later Clinton , and Obama , while the Republican Party moved sharply to the right and came to mostly represent white Americans . In 2010 , after winning control of 25 state legislatures , Republicans enacted a series of laws designed to suppress the votes of those who elected Barack Obama president in 2008 . Then , on June 25 , 2013 , the conservative majority on the Supreme Court bid a final farewell to the party of Lincoln by demolishing the Voting Rights Act in Shelby County v. Holder . Troubled by this development , John Paul Stevens , a Republican appointed to the court in 1975 by President Gerald Ford , offered his dissent in The New York Review of Books article . Justice Stevens felt strongly that the court had erred in taking the case , since Congress had thoroughly investigated and found evidence of racial discrimination in voting in 2006 , resulting in the act 's near-unanimous reauthorization that same year . He argued that the chief justice 's opinion had failed "  to explain why such a decision should be made by the members of the Supreme Court , " and not the Congress . After all , the Fifteenth Amendment to the Constitution , which prohibits interference with voting on the basis of race , color , and condition of previous servitude , clearly gives the Congress the right to pass legislation to enforce that amendment . "  The members of Congress , representing the millions of voters who elected them , are far more likely to evaluate correctly the ... issue ... , " Stevens concluded . Conservatives on the court were guilty of the judicial activism they had long decried . Veterans of forgotten voting war count the cost In a final ironic twist , Stevens quoted Antonin Scalia 's dissent in the Defense of Marriage case , which Stevens thought applied at least as well , if not better , to what the court had done in Shelby County v. Holder : "  We have no power to decide this case . And even if we did , we have no power under the Constitution to invalidate this democratically adopted legislation . The court 's errors on both points spring forth from the same diseased root : an exalted conception of the role of this institution in America . " Stevens ' dissent , coming as it does from the man who served longer than any other Republican appointee on the Supreme Court , testifies to how far that party has strayed from its origins . With the gutting of the Voting Rights Act , Republicans throughout the South are again passing voter suppression laws  and , in North Carolina , legislation which would damage women 's reproductive rights  . It is no longer the party of Lincoln or Reagan . It has become the party of Jefferson Davis . Whether the American people wish to turn the clock back to 1861 remains to be seen . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Gary May .	Gary May : Roberts court gutting Voting Rights Act , recalls that GOP no longer party of Lincoln He says leading Republican in 1965 , Dirksen , was architect of act , rounding up GOP votes Later , Republican "  Southern Strategy " wooed white voters , blacks flocked to Democrats May : Now court has abetted GOP , as it tries to obstruct voting rights in states
CNN  -- Tim Tesseneer was driving along Daytona Beach on Tuesday with his wife when they noticed the minivan driving through shallow water as it headed south . That was unusual enough . But then they heard the screams . It was two children crying and waving for help out one of the rear windows . Tesseneer threw the car in park and raced over to see whether he could get the children out of the minivan . One child was screaming , Tesseneer recalled Wednesday to CNN 's Piers Morgan . "  Please help us , our mom is trying to kill us . " The other child he could see was wrestling a woman for the steering wheel . But the woman just kept saying , "  We 're OK . We 're OK . We 're OK , " as another man joined Tesseneer trying to get the driver to stop . Then she mashed the accelerator , turned left and shot into the cold , heavy surf of the Atlantic Ocean touching the shore of the Florida city . It was now a battle against the pull of the water , and the second man , Stacy Robinson , opened a door and pulled out the two panicked children . There was a good chance if he and Tesseneer had n't been there , the children , ages 10 and 9 , would have drowned inside the van as it pitched in the water , officials said . "  I have siblings their age , so it was like the big brother came out in me , " Robinson said . But there was one more child , a 3-year-old girl strapped in a car seat . A lifeguard dove in through a front window and unbuckled the child and handed her to another lifeguard . The vehicle was bobbing in water about 3 feet deep . The mother just walked away , Tesseneer said , silent with a strange , almost "  possessed " look on her face . A day later she was at a hospital in Daytona Beach awaiting a mental evaluation , Volusia County Sheriff Ben Johnson said . Her children , including her unborn baby , were fine . No charges had been filed , Johnson said , as the investigation into why she drove into the ocean was just beginning . CNN is not identifying the children or the woman , who was stopped earlier in the day after her sister called police to let them know how concerned she was for her sibling 's mental state . According to a Daytona Beach Police report , the woman was stopped by an officer , who questioned her . In the back seat the kids sat calmly with smiles . The woman told an officer that she feared for her safety and was worried her former husband would harm them . But the officer was concerned that she might have a mental illness . He asked a detective who was there to talk to her while other officers called the sister back . In the report , the officer writes of discussing the woman 's behavior with the detective . They came to the same conclusion ; she could n't be held under a Florida law that allows for detention of people believed to be impaired by mental illness and who possibly pose a risk of harm . They told her she could go ; one officer followed her for a short time . Almost two hours later , she was driving on the beach , outside the traffic lane , drawing the attention of beach patrol and bystanders like Robinson and Tesseneer , on vacation from North Carolina . Sheriff Johnson said the children are now in the state 's care . They had been interviewed by detectives from his agency , which was taking the lead because it has more investigators than other departments . The woman had yet to speak with detectives . Johnson said his team will try to determine whether this was a criminal act or one that resulted from a medical issue . No one in his department knows how long the woman had been in town or why she was visiting from South Carolina . She did have family in the area , the sheriff said . Police : Florida parents charged with abandoning kids had syringes in truck	Witnesses scramble to help after a woman drives her minivan into Atlantic Ocean Three children are rescued and are in the custody of the state The woman is being held for a mental evaluation She was stopped by police earlier in the day , but they could n't find cause to detain her
Kuala Lumpur , Malaysia  CNN  -- The search for missing Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 resumed Sunday , but stormy weather may cause problems , the Australian Maritime Safety Authority said . A Chinese aircraft took off at 6:20 a.m. local time  6:20 p.m. ET  . Other aircraft , including a South Korean P-3 Orion and a U.S. P-8 Poseidon , were preparing to depart from Perth . Ten planes will fly over 123,167 square miles  319,000 square kilometers  located about 1,150 miles  1,850 kilometers  west of Perth , the AMSA said . Weather in the search area is forecast to worsen with light showers and low clouds , though search operations are expected to continue , the authority said . Eight ships will join the search by the end of the day , including the Australian Ocean Shield , which will be fitted with a "  black box " detector and an autonomous underwater vehicle , AMSA said . All ships will seek to locate and identify objects sighted by aircraft over the past two days . Search experts said the clock is ticking . Michael Kay , a former adviser to the UK Ministry of Defence , said on CNN that the batteries on the flight data recorder , sometimes called the black box , are designed to last only about 30 days . The plane disappeared March 8 -- three weeks ago . Eight planes and a number of ships scoured some 97,000 square miles of water Saturday for signs of the plane , with aircraft reporting sightings of objects similar to those reported Friday , the Australian Maritime Safety Authority said . Two vessels -- one of them a Chinese warship -- retrieved objects , "  but so far no objects confirmed to be related to MH370 have been recovered , " the authority said . Crew members aboard a Chinese plane dropped buoys to mark three suspected debris sites , China 's state-run CCTV reported . "  After entering the search area , the airlifter flew for about 20 minutes , " crew member Wang Zhenwu told the television network . "  We found an L-shaped debris in orange color right below the plane 's right wing . Then within around three minutes , we found a stripe-shaped object . We immediately reported our findings to the captain . " The captain , Liu Jun , said buoys containing dye were dropped on each of the suspected sites , according to CCTV . Relatives complaining Relatives of the 239 people on board the plane have complained about receiving mixed messages . Earlier this week , they heard this : "  All lives are lost . " But Saturday , a Malaysian official met with relatives and then told reporters he had not closed the door on the hope of relatives that survivors may exist among the 239 people aboard the Boeing 777-200 ER that went missing March 8 . "  Even hoping against hope , no matter how remote , of course , we are praying and we will continue our search for the possible survivors , " said Hishammuddin Hussein , Malaysia 's acting transportation minister . "  More than that , I told the families I can not give them false hope . The best we can do is pray and that we must be sensitive to them that , as long as there is even a remote chance of a survivor , we will pray and do whatever it takes . " Chinese relatives in Kuala Lumpur told CNN that Malaysian authorities are restricting their movement and access to information When a briefing for them was not held Saturday , the Chinese relatives said they were deterred from attending a briefing for Maylasian relatives . They ended up talking to a Malaysia Airlines official after the briefing . ` They 're still alive ' In Beijing on Saturday , some of the relatives of the missing vented their anguish in the streets . "  They 're all still alive , my son and everyone on board ! " yelled Wen Wancheng , 63 , whose only son was among the passengers . "  The plane is still there , too ! They 're hiding it . " He held aloft a banner that read : "  Son , mom and dad 's hearts are torn to pieces . Come home soon ! " Many relatives doubtless remember the speculation from early in the search that the plane may have landed somewhere . They implored Hishammuddin to redouble the efforts , and he said Malaysian authorities would do so . "  What they want is a commitment on our part to continue the search , and that I have given , " Hishammuddin said . "  For me , as the minister responsible , this is the hardest part of my life , at the moment , " he told reporters . "  Miracles do happen , remote or otherwise , and that is the hope that the families want me to convey -- not only to the Malaysian government , MAS  Malaysia Airlines  , but also to the world at large , " he said . He said the effort was still to find survivors . Sea objects On Saturday that meant hunting again for plane debris in an ocean awash in debris -- including odds and ends from passing ships -- in hopes that among it are pieces of the jet . After the latest data analysis , experts says they believe that Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 , which disappeared three weeks ago , ended up in the southern Indian Ocean . Investigators concluded this week that , during the flight 's initial phase , the plane was traveling faster -- and therefore burning fuel faster -- than they had thought . Authorities have concluded that it could not have traveled as far south as they had thought earlier . The new search area is 1,100 kilometers  680 miles  northeast of the previous one and closer to Australia 's coast , so it 's easier to reach . It 's also marked by calmer waters . Ships plowed the waters of the search area and eight planes searched from above . "  Unfortunately , we did n't find anything of significance out there , " flight captain Russell Adams said after returning to Perth . Malaysia plane saga : Your questions answered Pieces of debris spotted Friday were hundreds of miles away from each other , but given the ocean conditions and the time passed since the airplane 's purported crash , they could be part of the same object . Friday 's sightings included 11 small objects spotted by a military P-3 plane . CNN 's Kyung Lah , who went out on a U.S. Navy P-8 search plane Friday , said its crew spotted white objects , orange rope and a blue bag . "  At one point , sure , everybody on board got a little excited , but it 's impossible to tell from that distance what anything is , " she said . If and when the jet is found , the key question would remain : Why did it go down ? That may not be answered until investigators retrieve the aircraft and try , literally , to piece together what happened to it . Vast , shifting search The shifting hunt for Flight 370 has spanned vast bodies of water and continents . It started in the South China Sea between Malaysia and Vietnam , where the plane went out of contact with air traffic controllers . When authorities learned of radar data suggesting the plane had turned westward across the Malay Peninsula after losing contact , they expanded the search into the Strait of Malacca . When those efforts proved fruitless , the search spread north into the Andaman Sea and northern Indian Ocean . It then ballooned dramatically after Malaysia announced March 15 that satellite data showed the plane could have flown along either of two huge arcs , one stretching northwest into the Asian land mass , the other southwest into the Indian Ocean . The search area at that point reached nearly 3 million square miles . Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak said that further analysis of the data led authorities to conclude the plane went down in the southern Indian Ocean , far from land . Malaysian officials then told the families of those on board that nobody would have survived . On Saturday , after confronting relatives ' grief , they made that conclusion seem less final . ` Unspeakable challenge ' for families Mystery surfaces pain of 1977 tragedy Questions linger Did flammable cargo doom flight ? How they 're searching for debris CNN 's Tom Watkins and Ben Brumfield reported and wrote from Atlanta , and Sara Sidner from Kuala Lumpur . Greg Botelho contributed to this report .	The search resumes , but bad weather a threat Ships retrieved new debris Saturday , but no objects linked to missing plane , Australia says Malaysian official : "  I told the families I can not give them false hope " The search for missing Flight 370 has gone on for three weeks
It was long time waiting on standby but both the United Arab Emirates and Qatar did get what they were looking for ; an upgrade to emerging market status from the more risky rating of frontier market . Investors cheered the news from the emerging markets index MSCI . On yet another dismal day for emerging markets , Dubai , Abu Dhabi and Doha rallied again . They have been stellar performers for the past year . Qatar : Tiny country making big power plays At the same time , MSCI announced that a developed nation is being downgraded for the first time . Greece 's fate was sealed by the 90 % plunge of its stockmarket since the start of the financial crisis . It also failed to meet a number of criteria set out during a review which started a year ago . The UAE has been lobbying since 2008 , so one could say the fifth year is a charm . This process however required some fundamental changes to operations within the Dubai , Abu Dhabi and Doha financial markets . Read more : Qatar 's inherent luxury These changes included technical delivery and payment systems , liquidity requirements , sector diversification and a higher level of foreign ownership in listed companies . "  They have actually ticked a lot of boxes that previously were stopping the UAE and Qatar , " according to Saleem Khokhar of National Bank of Abu Dhabi Asset Management . These are still small volume markets with turnover around $ 350 million a day , but that is a five-fold increase from where they were when applications came in . I have visited all three of the trading floors and it is not unusual to find a dozen traders on high quality , leather lounge chairs with their traditional white khanduras sipping tea while placing trades . It is an altogether different look and feel from New York , London or Tokyo , but money is being made . Dubai is up 70 % in the past 12 months , Abu Dhabi 54 % and Doha around 20 % . Is Dubai the center of the world  again  ? However this "  is absolutely not about the MSCI emerging market upgrade , " Khokhar said . "  I would say it is more about the fundamentals . " But now that all three are part of this club , strategists say one should expect a knock on effect . HSBC has conducted an investment review predicting that the UAE could see capital flows increase by $ 370 million per year after the decision comes into place in 2014 ; Qatar rising by $ 430 million . According to MSCI , $ 1.5 trillion is earmarked by fund managers into emerging market assets . "  The move is a major sign of approval from institutional investors for the countries ' stock markets , and is expected to attract more stable sources of capital to local equities , " Kuwait 's Global Investment House said in a note to investors after the decision . The UAE and Qatar seem far removed from the post-Arab spring countries , which are trying to find their economic footing , or Syria where a civil war prevails . Both are seeing capital flows coming into their countries in the form of tourism , trade and financial services . These are safe havens of the Middle East . In addition , there continues to be a substantial development spending . In Abu Dhabi 's case , $ 70 billion have been earmarked for the next five years alone .	UAE and Qatar got upgraded to emerging market status from the more risky frontier market rating MSCI announced that a developed nation is being downgraded for the first time Greece 's fate was sealed by the 90 % plunge of its stock market since the start of the crisis
CNN  -- For the second time in two days , security forces fired live ammunition and lobbed tear gas during protests in Change Square outside Sanaa University on Sunday , Ala'a Al-Khowlani , a witness at the scene , said . Other witnesses told CNN that at least 10 people were injured . The clashes began after pro-government demonstrators and security forces set up a road block preventing anti-government protesters from entering Change Square , witnesses said . While protesters were allowed to leave , they were not allowed to re-enter . Anti-government protesters demanded they be allowed in , and tensions heightened when they forced themselves through the road block , witnesses said . After the protesters made their way in , the shooting started and tear gas was used , they reported . According to Al-Khowlani , some believe that security forces and police dressed as civilians were shooting into the crowd from nearby rooftops . In Aden City on Sunday , four protesters were injured by security forces gunfire , witnesses there said . One day earlier , three people in Aden City died from gunshot wounds when security forces tried to disperse an anti-government rally , a medical official with the group Youth for Change said . A fourth person was killed in Dar Saad , in Aden Province , when a group of anti-government protesters stormed a government complex and set a police station on fire , the medical official said . A Yemeni Interior Ministry official acknowledged that one person was killed by security forces , but said those who raided the complex were gang members and not protesters . Regarding the killings in Aden City , a security official called the demonstrators "  separatists " rather than protesters , and would not comment on the alleged shootings by security forces . "  The government is trying to keep people as safe as possible , " the official said . Across Yemen , high unemployment fuels much of the anger among a growing young population steeped in poverty . The protesters also cite government corruption and a lack of political freedom . On Thursday , President Ali Abdullah Saleh -- who has promised not to run for president in the next round of elections -- pledged to bring a new constitution to a vote by the end of the year and transfer government power to an elected parliamentary system . Human Rights Watch released a statement Saturday , calling on countries that support Saleh to make aid contingent on the government stopping its attacks on demonstrators . "  President Saleh has once again broken his promise to end attacks on peaceful protesters , and those who supply his government with weapons risk complicity in this bloodshed , " said Joe Stork , deputy Middle East and North Africa director at the rights organization .	Anti-government protesters wanted to enter Change Square Security forces set up a road block Protesters forced their way in Security forces responded by shooting and lobbing tear gas , witnesses say
CNN  -- An American soldier went on a house-to-house shooting spree in two villages in the Kandahar region of Afghanistan early Sunday , Afghan officials said , killing 16 people . NATO 's International Security Assistance Force said the soldier acted alone and turned himself in after opening fire on civilians . U.S. President Barack Obama called the killings "  tragic and shocking . " What are people feeling in Afghanistan , and how will this affect the U.S. strategy moving forward ? CNN correspondent Sara Sidner in Kabul , Afghanistan , takes a look in this edited transcript . Q : There were some reports suggesting that perhaps it was several soldiers . What can you tell us about that ? SIDNER : The U.S. and International Security Assistance Force officials are sticking with the one-soldier story : that just one Army staff sergeant left the base , went on a shooting rampage and then returned and turn himself in . They are still saying that on Monday , that this was the work of one person , that there was no mission going on at the time in the area , that that person obviously has been detained , and a full investigation is under way . But I want to tell you a little bit about some really gruesome images that I 've just looked at , coming from one of the locals in the area who took a lot of photos and video of the villagers . The scene is gruesome . Perhaps the worst pictures are burned bodies , including a toddler who has what appears to be a bullet hole in the toddler 's head . There are images inside of one of these small homes of blood-covered floors and blood splattered on the walls . And we 're also talking about shell casings that are on the ground that are being picked up , obviously from investigators who have come in the next day . This apparently happened somewhere between 2 and 3 in the morning on Sunday . Since then , the villagers have been accusing the U.S. government of not telling the truth , saying there were more U.S. soldiers on the ground when this happened . But we did hear from a couple of people saying that all they know is that at least one of them did open fire . That person , as I said , has been detained . But gruesome images coming out of Panjwai district . This is an area known to have a strong Taliban presence , an area , though , where villagers say , "  look , we were told by the U.S. to come back to this area , and look what has happened to us " -- a lot of sorrow , a lost people crying and trying to explain what happened through tears there in Panjwai , which is in the western part of Kandahar . Q : And are there worries now about reprisals ? SIDNER : Yes , the Taliban has already said Monday that there will be reprisals , perhaps violent ones . We also know that members of parliament here in Kabul have decided to close down the parliament here in protest of the killings . There is a lot of anger brewing . We know that there have been the villagers that have gathered outside of the base . Of course , the funerals will happen on Monday as well . So we 'll be getting more and more information from that area . But the anger is growing , and there 's a lot of speculation that this really plays right into the hands of the Taliban , who is trying to sort of divide people and trying to say , "  look , you ca n't really trust these coalition forces who claim to be here to help you . " The U.S. government , NATO and Afghan officials are looking into this , but there are a lot of people asking for swift justice and wanting the person who perpetrated this crime to be tried right here in Afghanistan . We do n't know if that 's likely to happen or not . Q : And have you heard anything about how this affects the strategy moving forward in Afghanistan ? SIDNER : Yes , right now , everyone is just expressing their anger or sorrow or both over what happened . This is certainly going to strain ties again between the Afghan government and the U.S. President Obama has said he is deeply saddened by what happened and this is a deplorable and regrettable incident . But Afghan President Hamid Karzai has said this is unforgivable and an act of terror , in his words . And he , in a statement Sunday , made it seem like he believed that there was actually some sort of a mission that went wrong . We 're still trying to clarify exactly what he meant by his words . But certainly , there is anger now , and there 's going to be a lot to get worked through because of this incident .	American solider accused in shooting spree in Afghanistan on Sunday CNN correspondent in Afghanistan weighs in on what she 's hearing on the ground Photos and videos purport to show some scenes of the attack
CNN  -- Air travelers across the country are breathing a sigh of relief that they might get to their destinations on time after Congress took action to roll back a part of the automatic spending cuts that forced furloughs on air traffic controllers . As someone with a 2,300-mile commute , I understand the frustration that travelers felt as delays tripled to nearly 9,000 by Thursday evening -- I am pleased air traffic controllers are back on the job full-time . I am not relieved , however , that Congress gave the Obama administration authority to end furloughs but has not yet done a single thing to help the many Americans who are suffering the consequences of these cuts . Congress made a Band-Aid fix when sequestration needs a triple-bypass surgery . In my district , and across the country , kids are being turned away from early education programs like Head Start . Children in military communities are being hit especially hard because federal dollars that support their schools have been slashed . And communities are reporting that funding cuts are forcing them to kick some seniors off Meals on Wheels . But it was business travelers and vacationers who took center stage last week , and it was for them alone that Congress acted . On Friday morning , just hours before many in Congress would head to the airport to catch flights home for a weeklong district work period , the House of Representatives voted to end the furloughs of air traffic controllers . Airline passengers can now count on more reliable service . But the kids in my district who are losing their school bus ca n't book a flight to class . When Congress passed sequestration , it was considered such an unthinkable option with such unfathomable consequences that it would have to be replaced . Members from both sides of the aisle gave long speeches about the harm that would come if we allowed the sequester to go into place unmodified . And yet Republicans seemed to be shocked , shocked , to find flight delays ripple through airports across the country . They ran to television cameras to point fingers at President Obama , saying these delays were preventable . I am not sure what they expected to happen . It would be irrational to expect that we can cut more than $ 600 million from the FAA budget in six months and not see effects on the flying public . Just as we should not expect that we can cut 4 million meals to seniors , as the White House reports , and not hurt them . Everyone in America who watched CNN last week learned the sequester has real consequences . While members of Congress are n't getting a lot of calls for 4-year-olds being turned away from Head Start programs , that does n't mean they do n't exist . Their voices may not be as loud as air travelers were last week , but their pain is greater . Congress can and should pass legislation that will replace the entire sequester with a balanced approach to deficit reduction that includes spending cuts , reduction in future spending growth , and new revenues . Congress created this problem . We need to fix it . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Rick Larsen .	Rick Larsen : Congress helped air travelers , but not others suffering from sequester cuts Larsen says Congress made a Band-Aid fix when sequestration needs surgery Larsen : Head Start cut , military community schools hurting , Meals on Wheels cut Congress can fix this with a balanced approach of spending cuts , new revenues , he says
Washington  CNN  -- Twelve U.S. service members brought prostitutes to their hotel rooms in Colombia prior to an April visit by President Barack Obama , according to a U.S. Southern Command report detailing parts of the investigation into alleged misconduct by military members of the security team for the trip . Partial details of the report were released Friday by the command , which took the lead in the investigation . The report shows , for the first time , what the service members did while in Cartagena , Colombia . One service member brought an overnight guest to his room during the first week of April , while the 11 others brought female guests to their rooms on April 11 and the morning of April 12 , according to the report . Read more : Is the Secret Service scandal a systemic problem or aberration ? While some of the service members had been together prior to returning to the hotel on April 11 , they made "  individual decisions " to bring the women back to the el Caribe Hotel and pay for sex , the report said . The investigation of military personnel came after nine U.S. Secret Service agents were dismissed for spending time with prostitutes in Cartagena , where they had been sent to prepare for the president 's trip . CNN reported last month that seven U.S. Army soldiers and two Marines have been notified they will receive what the military calls "  non-judicial punishment " for the misconduct . One member of the Air Force received a lesser letter of reprimand . The military is still investigating the role of two U.S. Navy personnel involved in the scandal . The nine service members were charged with violations of the Uniform Code of Military Justice . The U.S. Southern Command decided the charges warranted a non-judicial punishment rather than court-martial . Read more : Escort in scandal says life is ruined The report said that the activity by the military members did not create a security risk . "  U.S. military members ' interaction with the third country national females did not present a risk to the operational mission or to U.S. national security , " the report said . Investigators concluded that the women had been fully vetted by Colombian officials and U.S. investigators , who confirmed they were not part of a human trafficking network or affiliated with Colombian guerillas or other terrorist or drug-trafficking groups , according to the report . The report concluded that a , "  combination of unstructured free time , the prevalence of legalized prostitution , and military members ' individual choice to commit misconduct were the primary casual factors leading to the misconduct in question . "	U.S. Southern Command report details what service members did on Colombia trip Report finds 12 service members brought prostitutes to their rooms during April trip Too much free time , legal prostitution contributed to misconduct , report finds
CNN  -- Count Leopoldo Marcello is being an awfully good sport . He 's opened his home to tourists , guided them through its grand halls and pointed out the exquisite frescoes , the work of 18th-century Venetian painter Giambattista Crosato . His visitors , in turn , are forcing him to pose in an antique clerical hat . The relic is one of many possessions on display in the villa . Marcello smiles amicably as his guests snap away . Sequins , silk and lace Earlier , the count gave me , and a group of 20 like-minded travelers , a tour of his estate -- Ca'Marcello  Via dei Marcello 13 , Levada di Piobnino , Italy , +39 049 9350340 ; apartment rental : $ 5,427 a week ; tours from $ 7  . The space seems entirely too grand to simply house the count and his son , Jacapo . The ballroom is plastered with 18th-century frescoes painted by the one of the most famous Italian artists of that century , Giambattista Tiepelo . Mirrors are framed with eerily placid faces made from stucco . Leopoldo and his son live in the villa , constructed by their ancestors in the 1500s . But in many ways it resembles a museum of bygone riches instead of an actual home . One room features mannequins clad in sequinned , silk and lace gowns that once belonged to the matrons of the Marcello clan . Relics from another era -- including antique century hair pins and opera glasses -- speckle the home . Visitors can explore the surrounding 18th century park and garden ; more than 968,000-square-feet of land presided over by an array of statues . If that 's not grand enough , you can rent a grand , 3,860-square-foot , four-bedroom apartment located in one of the villa 's wings . Those who really want a taste of the aristocratic lifestyle can book private meals with the Marcello family , avail themselves of the cook , or pluck fresh produce from the garden and make their own meal in the private kitchen . And the counts are not only are they willing to wear funny hats , they 'll also help arrange travel bookings around the Venetian countryside . Cash-strapped counts So why is the Marcello family , with a noble history that dates back 2,000 years to the Roman Empire , turning their 400-year old estate into a glorified B&B ? The answer is simple : money . "  We 're not wealthy enough to live in this place as a home , " admits Jacopo . "  We need this activity to maintain it . Because of our visitors , we 're able to do restorations year by year . " Ca'Marcello is one of nearly 150 villas in Italy 's Veneto region -- which includes Venice , Verona , Padua and Vicenza -- to have opened their doors to paying guests . Last year , the group joined forces in a tourist-led cooperative called Villa Veneto . The initiative was founded by Count Alberto Passi de Preposulo , a distinguished aristocrat with a well-trimmed white beard . I met Passi de Preposulo at his home in Treviso , the 16th century Villa Tiepolo Passi  31030 Carbonera , Treviso , Italy , +39 0422 39 77 90 ; tours from $ 7 , advanced booking required  . Clad in a dapper smoking jacket and custom-made loafers , he resembled a rather posh Santa Claus , especially as he was brandishing a jar of homemade quince jelly -- the ingredients sourced from his 3.2 million square feet landscaped garden . He is n't the sort of man you 'd imagine renting out his rooms to tourists or selling a place at his dinner table for a paltry â ‚ ¬ 30  $ 40  a head . After all , he too heads up one of Italy 's most respected clans -- one which recently celebrated its 1,000-year anniversary and whose family tree can be glimpsed painted on a wall inside the villa . "  Our money is finished , " he admits , referring not just to himself but to the Veneto region 's many landed gentry . Aristocratic barista I ask Countessa Carolina Valmarana -- the owner of the 17th-century Villa Valmarana  Stradella dei Nani 8 , Vicenza , Italy , +39 0444 321 803 ; apartment rental from $ 678 per week ; tours from $ 7  -- what would happen if she did n't open her home to lodgers and tours . She admits it 'd be a predicament . "  These houses are so expensive to maintain . I actually know a friend that wants to sell it and she ca n't , " she says . "  They 're very expensive and big and old -- people do n't want to buy them because they do n't know what to do with them , " she says . Jacopo admits that if he did n't inherit his stately home , it would n't be something he 'd invest in . "  I would n't buy a place like this nowadays because it 's enormous , " he says . "  The spaces are really grand , and we 're just two people living in 9,000 square feet . In that way , it 's a strange life , but it is also a unique kind of life . " A few years ago , the countess decided to add a cafe and bar to the heritage status property and even took a degree course to qualify as a barista . For the most part , she seems nonplussed about opening her historic home , which is adorned with baroque frescoes by celebrated father and son duo Gianbattista and Giandomenico Tiepolo . "  We have two apartments that we sometimes rent out to guests , but it 's not like we 're desperate to rent them ; we like to do it . We have nice people that come to stay , people that are into art and love to be here . " Taxing times So why are members of Italy 's aristocracy struggling to afford the upkeep of their grand homes ? The counts have a number of theories . Jacopo Marcello says his family 's woes started after the Second World War , when nationalization stripped their land assets from 4,000 to 600 acres to support reconstruction and demobbed soldiers . "  Things changed , principles changed , " he says . "  Now the aristocracy is just part of a big machine and every one of us needs to have a job to have a normal life . " Valmarana says a 2012 end to tax breaks for heritage homes also had a dramatic effect . "  Our taxes have gone up six-fold , " she laments . "  Though we do get rent , it all goes back into the house . " To ensure their preservation , the countess has to climate control the rooms in her house and complete constant repairs such as fixing a recent ceiling crack . "  The roof was n't holding the four main doors properly , " she recalls . Damage can endanger the frescoes , which already expensive to maintain . Passi de Preposulo had a similar issue with a roof collapse at his villa . He insists the money he makes from visitors is not lining his pocket , but goes solely into the upkeep of his estate , which , he points out , is n't merely his home , but an Italian landmark . "  I 'm trying to protect this house , and the richness of our history , our roots , but it 's expensive , " he says .	Hard times are forcing Italy 's counts and countesses to throw open their doors to tourists Sixteenth century Ca'Marcello villa among many now offering rooms to rent Italy 's aristocrats say cash from visitors will help preserve their homes and Italy 's heritage
Thanks to a NASA physicist , the notion of warp speed might just travel out of sci-fi and into the real world . NASA 's Harold White has been working since 2010 to develop a warp drive that will allow spacecraft to travel at speeds faster than light -- 186,000 miles per second . White , who heads NASA 's Advanced Propulsion Team , spoke about his conceptual starship at a conference last fall . But interest in his project reached a new level this week when he unveiled images of what the craft might look like . Created by artist Mark Rademaker , who based them on White 's designs , the images show a technologically detailed spacecraft that would n't look out of place in a "  Star Trek " movie . Rademaker says creating them took more than 1,600 hours . For now , warp speed is only possible in TV and movies , with both "  Star Trek " and "  Star Wars " referencing an idea that was completely speculative at the time . White has fittingly named the concept spacecraft IXS Enterprise , for the starship famously piloted by Captain James T. Kirk in the "  Star Trek " TV series and movies . At the SpaceVision 2013 Space Conference last November in Phoenix , White talked about his design , the concepts behind it and the progress that 's been made in warp-drive development over the decades . He discussed the idea of a "  space warp , " a loophole in the theory of general relativity that would allow for massive distances to be traveled very quickly , reducing travel times from thousands of years to days . In his speech , White described space warps as faraway galaxies that can bend light around them . They work on the principle of bending space both in front of and behind a spacecraft . This would essentially allow for the empty space behind the craft to expand , both pushing and pulling it forward at the same time . The concept is similar to that of an escalator or moving walkway . "  There 's no speed limit on the expansion and contraction of space , " White said at the conference . "  You can actually find a way to get around what I like to call the 11th commandment : Thou shall not exceed the speed of light . " It 's the idea of space warps that inspired physicist Miguel Alcubierre in 1994 to first theorize a mathematical model of a warp drive that would be able to bend space and time . While studying Alcubierre 's equations , White decided to design his own retooled version of the Alcubierre Drive . His recently unveiled design has much less empty space than the first concept model , increasing its efficiency . The warp drive that White 's team has been working on would literally transcend space , shortening the distance between two points and allowing the craft to break the speed of light . This would be a spaceship with no speed limit . Because travel into space has been extremely limited due to existing means of propulsion , such a technology could blow open the possibilities of space exploration . It could allow for study of the farthest reaches of space , parts that scientists once considered unimaginable . Although the technology to create the spacecraft or the warp drive does n't yet exist , the artistic renderings Rademaker created could potentially be a model of what 's to come -- the first spacecraft to break the speed-of-light barrier and journey beyond our solar system . In his design , White says he drew from Matthew Jeffries ' 1965 sketches of the Enterprise from "  Star Trek , " saying parts of that ship were mathematically correct . He worked with Rademaker and graphic designer Mike Okuda to update the math and produce what he believes to be a viable spacecraft . According to NASA , there has n't been any proof that a warp drive can exist , but the agency is experimenting nonetheless . Although the concept does n't violate the laws of physics , that does n't guarantee that it will work . "  We 're starting to talk about what the next chapter for human space exploration going to be , " White said at SpaceVision .	NASA physicist Harold White has been working since 2010 to develop a warp drive This week he unveiled images of what such a starship might look like Renderings are by artist Mark Rademaker , who based them on White 's designs Warp drive would let spacecraft travel at speeds faster than light
Calvert County , Maryland  CNN  -- Getting out of her car , the wife of a furloughed government worker walked toward a small building full of free food . She approached the door with her head down . An attendant asked for her name , she looked up and began to sob . "  It 's ok , it 's not your fault , " the volunteer said as she wrapped her arms around the crying woman . Chesapeake Cares Food Pantry , located 30 miles from the political impasse in Washington that resulted in the shutdown , put together a food giveaway tailored to affected workers not at their jobs and not being paid . Roughly 200 people received bags of frozen meat , canned vegetables and other staples on Monday morning . "  These folks  furloughed government employees  do n't know how to be poor , " said Rev. Robert Hahn , the head End Hunger in Calvert County , a consortium of food pantries in the area . "  These folks are fish out of water and they feel humiliated , like they have lost their dignity . " This is the second offering Hahn 's group has made to federal employees . Last week , the group passed out 2,700 pounds of food to 71 different families . And if the government shutdown continues , Hahn said he anticipates his group will continue this sort of offering . The shutdown that began on October 1 has impacted hundreds of thousands of federal workers and contractors in the Washington region , including people at the epicenter of the partisan shutdown showdown in Congress . Washington-area food banks have responded to an unexpected need this fall created by the shutdown , their efforts already tested by a continued , uneven economic recovery and tough job market . Men and women were on both sides of the help on Monday in Calvert County -- those receiving and those distributing food . Those helping out included one person who works for the Department of Justice and another employed by the Navy . CNN agreed not to identify furloughed workers receiving food due to a combination of their embarrassment and not wanting to hurt their employer . "  Getting paid helps , but it does n't help right now , " said one , who acknowledged she 'll probably get paid once the shutdown ends . Still , the woman said she is struggling to put food on the table . Some told CNN they were living paycheck to paycheck . "  The biggest thing  people are feeling  is fear , " said Hahn . "  Even a lot of federal employees who know that they 're going to get their checks made up , they 're still going to be shy " if they miss a couple of pay periods . President Barack Obama visited a food pantry in downtown Washington on Monday where he helped make peanut butter sandwiches . He told reporters that he stopped by Martha 's Table because many of volunteers there had been furloughed . "  They 're here contributing and giving back to the community and I think that shows the kind of spirit that we have among all kinds of federal workers all across the country , people who dedicate their lives to public service , " Obama said . Hahn , who has worked for Chesapeake Church for 20 years , said many of the men and women he saw collect food on Monday were new faces who had never sought their help in the past . While a study by Main Street showed that Calvert County was the 13th wealthiest county in the United States in 2012 , Hahn said that ranking does n't show how many "  working poor " live in the area . "  It 's a damn shame , " Maryland Gov. Martin O'Malley told CNN . "  It 's no fault of their own , but they find themselves now in a position of , of having to come here for help . " O'Malley , who attended the event , said he would recommend that "  those who for ideological reasons feel shutting down our government is a good idea " should "  come here and see the families that are showing up for help to feed their families for the first time in their lives . " As volunteers passed out food , there was obvious frustration with political leaders in Washington . Those in line lamented the fact they were expected to just go without pay . Hahn said he had more important things to do than worry about how things will shake out on Capitol Hill . "  I would say this to the president and Congress , your job is to solve problems , not to create problems , " Hahn said . "  We are here solving problems . " CNN 's Jim Acosta contributed to this report .	Some furloughed workers say they ca n't feed their families without help "  These folks  furloughed employees  do n't know how to be poor , " said head of one food pantry "  It 's a damn shame , " Maryland Gov. Martin O'Malley , told CNN .
CNN  -- Everyone -- and we mean everyone -- puts their proverbial best foot forward online . And why should n't they ? They say that first impressions are everything , and in today 's screen-welded-to-your-face age , you may not even be present when someone first makes your acquaintance . A Facebook photo , blog post , or tweet is as good as a handshake . But that handshake that seemed so firm and reassuring online ? Yeah , it could be limp as hell in real life . It 's probably pretty safe to say that we 've all been intrigued by someone 's online presence at one time or another : a cute mutual friend on Facebook , a blogger with a particularly attractive headshot , a minor celebrity with a penchant for oversharing . Some of us may have even struck up relationships with said objects of affection , trading e-mails , texts and phone calls into the night -- forming attachments with people we 've never , essentially , met . Read more : Three boneheaded online dating moves to avoid And therein lies the rub : An online connection is n't necessarily a real-life success , and people are n't always who they say they are . So how should you prepare to take an onscreen relationship off ? To supply you with the necessary tools , we turned to the experts : Nev Schulman and filmmaker Max Joseph , from MTV 's new reality series , "  Catfish : The TV Show . " "  Catfish "  airing on Monday nights at 11 p.m. ET/PT  , is based on the documentary by the same name . In the movie , Schulman meets and falls in love with a woman online who is not exactly  or at all  who she says she is . After the release of the film , thousands of people turned to him and asked if he would help them meet their online beaux IRL . Here are some of the lessons Schulman and Joseph have learned along the way . 1 . Ask to Skype or video chat before meeting "  If the person is hesitant or reluctant , reconsider meeting , " Joseph says . 2 . Do n't be scared to stalk "  Spend a good two hours looking the person up on Facebook , Google , Myspace , and Instagram . It 's not spying , it 's virtual contraception . " Joseph says you may want to reconsider if : -- They have fewer than 100 friends on Facebook , -- They are a model-slash-something else incredible  e.g. model/doctor -- None of their photos are tagged -- They are talking primarily to a ton of other guys or girls who do n't seem to know them personally 3 . Dress down "  You would be shocked how casual people tend to be when meeting their online crushes and you do n't wan na feel awkwardly overdressed , " Schulman says . 4 . Do n't do it at your home "  The last thing you want is some stranger knowing where you live , " he says . 5 . Have an activity planned "  Sitting across from somebody for coffee or dinner can get real awkward real fast . Better to make it a social event and go bowling or something , " Schulman suggests . 6 . Bring a friend and an open mind "  You never how things will go down , " Joseph notes .	"  Catfish " creators say play it safe when meeting an online acquaintance in real life MTV show , based on a documentary , unites online crushes People often are n't what they seem from behind a computer screen Tips : "  Stalk " before meeting , do n't meet at your home , bring a friend
CNN  -- If the recent CNN/Western Republican Presidential Debate in Las Vegas was any indication , the coming months on the campaign trail are likely to be nasty between Mitt Romney and Rick Perry . After a shouting match between the two at the debate , Romney -- the former governor of Massachusetts -- responded , "  Rick , again , Rick , again , I 'm speaking . ... This has been a tough couple of debates for Rick , and I understand that . And so you 're going to get testy . " While elections often bring out barbs and negative attacks , the animosity is real , observers say . "  Oh , they do n't get along , " said John Avlon , a CNN contributor , author and expert on independent voters . "  They do n't like each other . " "  I mean , it  the debate dust-up  was amazing , " he said . "  You look at Rick Perry 's eyes . I mean , this could have gotten physical if they were in high school . " He added that while they have real philosophical differences , this time showed it was "  personal animosity . " Read more about the debate That point was backed up by Ed Rollins -- a longtime GOP strategist and former campaign manager to Republican candidate Michele Bachmann -- who said point-blank , "  They do n't get along " and predicted that this is going to be a "  down and nasty race . " So is it just Perry 's personality , or is there an anger management issue ? "  He 's combative , and people have asked me , ` Is Rick Perry mean ? ' and I guess the question is , which Rick Perry ? " said Ken Herman , a columnist with the Austin American-Statesman in the Texas capital . "  The Rick Perry I 've known professionally and casually for 25 years ? I would n't say he 's mean . " Herman added that Perry , 61 , is just tough , aggressive and a "  cold-blooded politician . " William Murchison admitted in an article for the conservative magazine American Spectator that his friend 's often "  combative " style "  may not prove as right for the moment as a style that says , calm down , I can fix this , give me a chance . " Read more about Perry Perhaps it 's that toughness , though , that has kept Perry in office for so long . Perry holds the title as the nation 's longest-serving governor and boasts that he 's never lost an election since he first ran for the Texas House as a Democrat in 1984 . He assumed his role as governor in 2000 , when then-Gov . George W. Bush resigned to run for the White House . Romney , meanwhile , has often been described as cool and calm -- almost robotic -- and takes a business approach to governing and rarely shows his anger , political observers say . The former governor of the solidly blue state of Massachusetts has a history of crossing party lines to get legislation passed -- including the state 's universal health care plan . Several of his rivals for the Republican Party nomination have criticized the plan , which they call Romneycare , for making all state residents get health care insurance through subsidies or mandates . The dislike between Perry and Romney , though , comes down to their roots , Rollins said . Perry was born and raised in Paint Creek , a small town in the western part of Texas , and is the son of a tenant farmer . He graduated from Texas A&M University and later joined the Air Force , where he flew C-130 aircraft . He later returned to Paint Creek to help run his parents ' farm . "  He had nothing . He just scraped his entire life to get to where he was , " Rollins said . Perry is also deemed somewhat of a guys ' guy , with a history of cowboy-like tendencies . In August 2010 , he shot and killed a coyote while jogging with his dog in Austin . Perry said he often carries a pistol on the trails because of snakes and other wildlife . Rollins said that perhaps Perry has anger for his fellow Republican because he "  sees a guy like Romney who sort of had everything handed to him , " referring to the fact that Romney , 64 , is the son of George Romney , the former governor of Michigan who was once president of American Motors . Romney took a much different path than Perry . Born in Detroit , he became a Mormon missionary and later graduated from Brigham Young University in 1971 . Afterward , he received dual degrees from Harvard Law School and Harvard Business School . He later founded Bain Capital , a private equity firm , oversaw the 2002 Winter Olympics in Salt Lake City and successfully ran for governor . Read more about Romney He is worth an estimated $ 190 million to $ 250 million , according to 2011 documents released by his campaign . Perry , though , is also wealthy and has a proven track record of raising millions of dollars in campaign cash .	Rick Perry of Texas is the nation 's longest-serving governor Mitt Romney is a former Massachusetts governor and a 2008 GOP presidential nominee Analysts say the two do not like each other and are polar opposites
CNN  -- Federal safety investigators cast new concerns about using lithium-ion batteries to power systems on commercial aircraft , saying they should be put through rigorous tests that produce "  the most severe outcomes " before being approved for use in the skies . The National Transportation Safety Board issued the recommendations on Thursday as it continues to investigate lithium-ion batteries on Boeing 787 Dreamliners . Two batteries on those aircraft self-combusted on planes last year . The Federal Aviation Administration and Boeing have vouched for the safety of the Dreamliner 's re-designed battery system . And the NTSB said those changes are consistent with its new recommendations . But the safety board said the FAA needs to revise its 2008 battery standards for all aircraft , which remain in effect . Batteries should be tested in conditions that closely resemble the conditions on planes , the safety board said . They should undergo "  abuse tests " in which cells are intentionally damaged . And they should be tested in ways that produce "  the most severe outcomes . " Such tests can show whether the batteries experience thermal runaway , an uncontrollable increase in temperature and pressure that can spread -- or cascade -- to adjacent cells . Thermal runaways typically result in smoke , a known concern when the FAA approved the Dreamliner battery . But smoke events were thought to be rare , and engineers designed ways to vent the smoke . But one witness to a Dreamliner battery incident described "  heavy smoke , " a small , 3-inch flame coming from the battery case and material spewing out like molten wax Aircraft manufacturers need to ensure that systems protect "  against all adverse effects . " "  The NTSB is vitally interested in these recommendations because they are designed to prevent accidents and save lives , " the board wrote in a letter to FAA Administrator Michael Huerta . The Dreamliner is the first large commercial aircraft to use permanently installed lithium-ion batteries as it main battery and for its auxiliary power unit , or APU . The batteries are valued because they are small , lightweight and powerful . The NTSB says that in seeking certification of its batteries , Boeing and battery manufacturer GS Yuasa Corp. of Kyoto Japan , estimated that a "  smoke " event would occur "  less than once in 10 million flight hours . " But after 51,662 hours of commercial flight , two batteries failed , one culminating in a fire . In the first incident , a maintenance worker entered the aft electronics bay of Japan Airlines Dreamliner parked at Boston Logan airport on January 7 , 2013 , and found heavy smoke and a small 3-inch flame coming from the battery housing . The lithium-ion battery provided electricity to the plane 's auxiliary power unit , or APU . While the incident is still under investigation , he NTSB said a short circuit in one of the battery 's eight cells resulted in a thermal runaway , and damage spread to adjacent cells . Nine days later , the main battery on an All Nippon Airways Dreamliner failed during a flight over Japan . No fire was observed , and damage was confined to the battery housing . "  This type of failure was not expected based on the testing and analysis ... . that Boeing performed as part of the 787 certification process , " the NTSB wrote . In a 2006 test , the battery manufacturer drove a steel nail into one of the battery 's eight cells to induce an internal short circuit , to see if the damage would result in smoke , fire and damage to the battery case . Damaged cells emitted smoke , the test showed , but the smoke could effectively be handled by the airplane 's ventilation system . The FAA and Boeing said they believed at the time that thermal runaway could only occur if a cell or battery was overcharged . So they took precautions to protect against overcharging , and adopted measures to vent smoke . Boeing had considered the potential that a short circuit of a single cell would generate smoke , but it "  underestimated " the effects of a thermal runaway . The safety board said it is concerned about the repeatability of tests that induce thermal runaways in batteries , and said researchers have found that current test methods "  might not reliably produce failure effects as severe as those observed " in the real-world failures . Internal shorts , the safety board said , are hard to reproduce . But it is important to solve to improve safety , it said . A safety board spokesman told CNN the board could make more recommendations when it issues its final report , likely later this year . Another battery incident troubles Boeing 's 787 Dreamliner Boeing announces changes to Dreamliner battery system Aviation authorities find no big problems at Dreamliner 's battery maker	The National Transportation Safety Board is investigating lithium-ion batteries on Boeing Dreamliners Its new recommendations follow battery fires on 787s last year The safety board says the FAA needs to revise current standards on batteries
CNN  -- The son and wife of convicted stockbroker Bernie Madoff said they had no inkling he was running a $ 50 billion Ponzi scheme until he came home on a December night three years ago and gathered the family together . "  He said , ' I have a confession to make . I 've been running a Ponzi scheme . " He said , ' $ 50 billion dollars , ' " recounted Madoff 's wife , Ruth , in an interview with CBS ' "  60 Minutes " Sunday night . Madoff 's youngest son , Andrew , also appeared on the show -- their first television interview since Madoff pleaded guilty in 2009 of running the largest Ponzi scheme in U.S. history . "  He said , ` Everything I 've been doing is all a big lie , ' " Andrew Madoff recalled . "  And then he just started sobbing . And I was -- I -- I was shocked . I -- it was -- I felt like my head exploded . I mean , I -- I do n't think if he had told me he was an alien I could 've been more surprised . " Ruth Madoff was too taken aback to comprehend the significance of his admission , the son said : " ` What 's a Ponzi scheme ? ' was her first question . " "  I said , ` It 's all fake . ' It means dad 's not been doing what he says he 's been doing , " Andrew Madoff recalled telling his mother . "  My brother was trembling with rage . He was absolutely furious . Mark was the first one to stand up and say , ` I 'm out of here , ' and I immediately followed and walked out . " That night , Ruth and Bernie Madoff went to the company Christmas party , stayed half an hour and came home . The next morning , the FBI arrived to arrest Madoff -- turned in by his two sons . On December 11 , 2010 -- two years to the day his father was arrested -- Mark Madoff 's body was discovered hanging from a ceiling pipe in his Manhattan apartment , while his 2-year-old son slept in another room . Ruth Madoff said she blamed herself for her son 's suicide and for not cutting off contact with her husband as her son had once wished . "  I just wish , until my dying day , that I had done what he wanted , " she said . "  It 's the most awful thing that could happen to anybody . Suicide of a child . " Madoff , 73 , is at Butner Federal Correction Complex , a medium-security prison in eastern North Carolina . He is serving a 150-year sentence after bilking investors out of their money by masquerading as the head of a legitimate investment firm while using funds from new investors to send payments to his earlier investors , falsely portraying them as proceeds when they were actually stolen money , prosecutors said . "  I ca n't explain it , " Ruth Madoff said . "  I mean I trusted him . Why would it ever occur to me that it was n't legal ? The business was -- his reputation , was almost legendary . Why would I ever think that there was something sinister going on ? " The wife and surviving son both say they will never forgive Madoff for his crimes and for what he has done to their family . "  What he did to me , to my brother , and to my family is unforgivable , " Andrew Madoff said . "  What he did to thousands of other people , destroyed their lives -- I 'll never understand it . And , I 'll never forgive him for it . And I 'll never speak to him again . " Madoff 's criminal activities spawned a tidal wave of civil actions against the family , accusing them of profiting from the Ponzi scheme . As public outrage mounted over the crime , Ruth Madoff and her husband attempted suicide . "  I do n't know whose idea it was , but we decided to kill ourselves because it was so horrendous what was happening , " she said . " "  We had terrible phone calls . Hate mail , just beyond anything and I said ' I just ca n't go on anymore , ' " she said . "  We took pills and woke up the next day ... It was very impulsive and I am glad we woke up . " The "  60 Minutes " interview coincides with Monday 's release of the new book about the Madoff family , "  Truth and Consequences " -- a tell-all memoir , written with the family 's cooperation . In the interview , correspondent Morley Safer asked , "  You know , there 's a lot of a people out there who are saying , or will be saying as they watch this , "  This is all a charade . This was something that the Madoffs set up to get themselves off the hook . ' " "  I wish it were , " Andrew Madoff said . "  I wish it were . I wish none of this was real . You know , I knew -- I knew absolutely nothing about this -- before my father shared the information with me . And it was -- it was the most shocking and -- and terrible moment of my life . "	"  Everything I 've been doing is all a big lie , " family recalls Madoff saying Madoff is in prison for swindling investors in the largest Ponzi scheme in U.S. history His wife blames herself for her eldest son 's suicide Andrew Madoff : "  What he did to me , to my brother , and to my family is unforgivable "
CNN  -- The City of Brotherly Love is n't exactly embracing the news that one-time quarterback phenom and convicted dogfighter Michael Vick is joining their Philadelphia Eagles . Former Atlanta Falcon Michael Vick , right , was known more for his elusiveness than his throwing prowess . Vick 's agent announced Thursday that the former Atlanta Falcon signed a two-year deal with the Eagles , which reportedly could be worth more than $ 6 million . He wo n't be able to play a regular season game until week six in October , and then , only if the National Football League fully reinstates him . "  Too bad they do n't have him for the whole year , " Eagles fan Charles James told CNN affiliate philly.com . The NFL indefinitely suspended Vick in August 2007 after he pleaded guilty to a federal charge of bankrolling a dogfighting operation in Virginia . Vick , 29 , left a Kansas prison in May to serve the last two months of his 23-month sentence in home confinement . Some Eagles fans do n't think Vick 's punishment was sufficient and were trying to unload their game and season tickets on craigslist.com , making it clear they were less than eager to see Vick in Philly green . iReport.com : What do you think of Vick 's return ? A post from one irked fan looking to peddle two lower-level season tickets said : "  The last thing my son and I want to see is Michael Vick in an Eagles jersey . We made up our mind to sell the tickets ... $ 3000 cash gets the tickets . Any info feel free to ask , serious buyers only , I want the deal done fast . " Lower-level season tickets were selling on an unrelated auction site for as much as $ 10,000 a pair . Bob Jenkins of northeast Philadelphia predicted most Eagles fans -- known to be some of the nation 's most demanding -- wo n't be badmouthing the decision . "  The only people who wo n't be quiet are the people who do n't like the Eagles , " Jenkins told philly.com . "  Of course , they 're going to be talking because he 's going to be throwing some touchdowns . " Despite Jenkins ' assumption , it 's unclear what role Vick will play on the team . A gifted athlete known more for his dazzling runs than his pinpoint throws , Vick 's last season in 2006 was a bit of a disappointment to Atlanta fans . The Falcons finished 7-9 , and Vick had a completion percentage of 52.6 . He also threw for 2,474 yards , more than 1,000 fewer yards than the Patriots ' Tom Brady , who completed 62 percent of his passes , and almost 2,000 yards behind the Colts ' Peyton Manning , who completed 65 percent of his tosses . However , Vick also ran for 1,039 yards , the most ever by a quarterback . Mike Giunta of Tabernacle , New Jersey , told CNN affiliate WPVI-TV in Philadelphia that signing Vick would spawn "  dissension " among the Eagles , who made it to their conference championship last season , losing to the Arizona Cardinals . Giunta predicted the move would create consternation between Vick and five-time Pro Bowl quarterback Donovan McNabb . "  McNabb 's going to be looking over his shoulder constantly now , " Giunta said . McNabb said in a Thursday news conference that he welcomed the addition of Vick and he "  pretty much lobbied to get him here because everybody deserves a second chance . " Several Eagles fans concur . One of them , Leroy Emerson of north Philadelphia , told philly.com , "  That was the best move the Eagles ever made , one of the best . " Some fans , however , were licking their wounds and pointing to the most severe dogfighting allegations leveled against Vick : that he hanged dogs from trees , electrocuted and drowned them . The Pennsylvania Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals and People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals have both skewered Vick . The latter alluded to Vick being a "  psychopath " earlier this year and released a statement Friday saying , "  Millions of decent football fans around the world are disappointed " in the Eagles . "  PETA certainly hopes that Vick has learned his lesson and feels truly remorseful for his crimes -- but since he 's given no public indication that that 's the case , only time will tell , " the statement said . Upon being conditionally reinstated to the NFL last month , Vick acknowledged making "  terrible mistakes " and said he had used the past two years to re-evaluate his life . The Humane Society of the United States has said Vick also offered to work with the organization on its anti-dogfighting campaign . To some Eagles fans , though , the nature of Vick 's crimes is too much to forgive . "  I 'm just a little upset with it because I 'm such an animal lover , " Susan Wilson of Pitman , New Jersey , told WPVI . Kelley Williams of Phoenixville , Pennsylvania , told the station that she , too , had trouble accepting Vick 's signing . "  I think he should be out of the NFL altogether , " she said . Sports talk shows already are predicting that Vick can redeem himself only by making big plays , and at least some of the Philadelphia faithful concur he can shut up his critics on the field . "  If they keep him , " fan James told philly.com , "  he 'll be the man . "	Michael Vick signs deal with Philadelphia Eagles , could play in October Craigslist ticket seller says he , son do n't want to see "  Vick in an Eagles jersey " Several Eagles fans tell CNN affiliates they are excited by prospect of Vick 's arrival Animal lovers still reluctant to give Vick a chance after almost two years in prison
CNN  -- When actress Emma Thompson went to the Arctic with Greenpeace , Hugh Grant teased her fashion sense via Twitter . The actress , posing in a puffy green jacket for photos , admitted in her reply that she looked "  like a sofa . " But the two were pushing a much more serious message : Save the Arctic . Thompson -- known for her roles in Howards End , The Remains of the Day and Harry Potter -- joined Greenpeace crew in August aboard the activist ship Esperanza . The trip , which took in polar bear habitats and scientific research stations , reignited Thompson 's decades-long interest in climate and conservation . Thompson , who traveled to the Arctic with her 15-year-old daughter Gaia Wise , told CNN she had been shocked by what she 'd seen . "  Our economic systems at the moment are very short sighted , they do n't take any notice really of what 's going to happen in future generations , " she said . Thompson said seeing the evidence of disappearing sea ice was devastating . "  You can see how the glaciers have reduced in size and shrunk because there 's 50 to 80 meters of watermark on the valley walls , " she said . Speaking for the Save Arctic campaign , Thompson challenged governments to stop drilling and industrial fishing in the Arctic . "  If we destroy -LSB- the Arctic -RSB- , we are going to end up with a planet that is no longer liveable on , and we will have nothing , we wo n't have any economies to sustain . " Arctic sea ice keeps the polar regions cool and helps moderate the global climate . The Arctic sea ice reflects around 80 % of sunlight that strikes it back to space , keeping the planet cool . If the ice melts , most of the sunlight gets absorbed in the ocean and temperatures rise . The size of the Arctic sea ice has decreased between 3.5 % to 4.1 % per decade between 1979 and 2012 , according to World Wildlife Fund statistics . But the Arctic also holds the world 's largest untapped oil and gas reserves , making drilling and exploration a lucrative prospect . Rosneft and Exxon Mobil last week announced a discovery of a new oil field in the Arctic , while Royal Dutch Shell submitted plans to restart exploration in Alaskan Arctic . Environmental activists like Thompson are campaigning against the drilling , saying any spills or accidents would have disastrous impact on the planet . Thompson said her daughter 's response to seeing the destruction was "  like we 're being attacked by Martians , only we 're the Martians . " The thought encapsulated what was wrong with the world 's response to climate change , Thompson noted . "  I thought it was so brilliant because if we were attacked by Martians , things would happen very , very fast . "  We would all get together , governments would get together and we would say ` what are we going to do , ' " she said . Read more : World has lost more than half its wildlife in 40 years	Oscar-winning actress Emma Thompson went to the Arctic to campaign against drilling She said seeing the evidence of disappearing sea ice was devastating The size of the Arctic sea ice has been decreasing between 3.5 % to 4.1 % per decade
CNN  -- His music transcended trends and cultural barriers . Pandit Ravi Shankar 's life , which traversed nearly a century , ended Tuesday . The legendary sitar player , who taught Beatle George Harrison how to play the stringed instrument and brought Indian music to the West , passed away at age 92 in the early evening in San Diego , near his home , according to his wife , Sukanya , and daughter Anoushka Shankar , who were by his side . Shankar was the father of jazz singer Norah Jones as well . He is also survived by three grandchildren and four great-grandchildren , according to his record label , East Meets West Music . His health had suffered over the past year , according to a statement from his record label , and he underwent heart valve replacement surgery last Thursday . "  Unfortunately , despite the best efforts of the surgeons and doctors taking care of him , his body was not able to withstand the strain of the surgery , " his wife and daughter said . Shankar 's gift went beyond his skills on the strings In the 1960s , he took Eastern music mainstream in the West . He lent ethereal , spiritual sounds to the Fab Four through his friendship with Harrison , who recorded them on the "  Sgt. Pepper 's " album in the song "  Within You Without You . " Virtuoso performances at Monterey in 1967 and Woodstock in 1969 helped cement Shankar 's place in Western musical history as an ambassador of Eastern wisdom to a generation looking for new values . "  Ravi was a great loss musically , spiritually and physically . God bless to Ravi 's family . Peace & Love , " Beatle Ringo Starr said in a statement released through a representative . Singer Peter Gabriel hailed Shankar as an inspiration who "  opened the door to non-western music for millions of people around the world . " "  He was very serious about his music , and I remember at one WOMAD performance , he stopped the music to ask his audience not to point their feet at him as that was seen as offensive in India , " Gabriel said in a statement . "  He was also warm , witty and mischievous as a man . He will be badly missed . " Even actress Pamela Anderson weighed in tweeting one of Shankar 's music videos . In Bangladesh 's bloody war of separation from Pakistan in 1971 , Shankar and Harrison launched what UNICEF calls the first massive fund-raising pop event , The Concert for Bangladesh , to generate donations for the flood of refugees pouring into India . Opinion : Shankar , emissary for world beat Later , from 1986 to 1992 , Shankar put his politics into practice as a member of India 's upper house of parliament , the Rajya Sabha , or state assembly , serving with India 's current Prime Minister Manmohan Singh . "  It was difficult , often , to judge what was more remarkable -- the man or his music , " Singh said of Shankar on Wednesday . He praised him as one of India 's "  most effective cultural ambassadors . " Both houses of parliament observed a moment of silence in his honor . Shankar 's musical career had a long life before and after the '60s . He was born on April 7 , 1920 , and when he and Harrison met , he was already 46 and famous in India as a classical musician , according to his record label biography . His classical career outlived his counterculture fame , but he continued to meld East with West and composed concertos , which harmonized his sitar with orchestras . He played duos with American classical violin maestro Yehudi Menuhin and composed with American minimalist Philip Glass . He also wrote film music for the Hollywood movie "  Gandhi . " Shankar kept homes in the United States and India . Despite ill health , he shared a stage with his daughter Anoushka , also a sitar virtuoso , in early November . It was his last public performance . People we 've lost in 2012 : The lives they lived CNN 's Harmeet Shah Singh and Denise Quan contributed to this report .	NEW : Ringo Starr : "  Ravi was a great loss musically , spiritually and physically " Shankar taught Beatle George Harrison to play the sitar India 's prime minister praises the man and his music His ethereal sound embodied Eastern transcendence for Westerners
New York  CNN  -- A federal appeals court in New York became the nation 's second to strike down the Defense of Marriage Act , finding that the Clinton-era law 's denial of federal benefits to married same-sex couples is unconstitutional . The divisive act , which was passed in 1996 , bars federal recognition of such marriages and says other states can not be forced to recognize them . Read the ruling  PDF The 2nd U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals determined Thursday that the federal law violates the Constitution 's equal protection clause , ruling in favor of widow Edith Windsor , an 83-year-old lesbian who sued the federal government for charging her more than $ 363,000 in estate taxes after being denied the benefit of spousal deductions . The court upheld a lower court 's decision in a 2-1 majority ruling and determined that America 's gay population "  has suffered a history of discrimination " similar to that faced by women in years past . "  What I 'm feeling is elated , " said Windsor . "  Did I ever think it could come to be , altogether ? ... Not a chance in hell . " Victory for Windsor , years after her longtime partner 's death The case centered on the money Windsor wanted back , but it raised the more looming question of whether the federal government can continue to ignore a state 's recognition of her marriage and financially penalize her as a result . Timeline : Same-sex marriage "  Homosexuals are not in a position to adequately protect themselves from the discriminatory wishes of the majoritarian public , " wrote Dennis Jacobs , a conservative judge in New York . A federal appeals court in Boston made a similar ruling in May , but the moves are considered largely symbolic as the issue is expected to eventually be taken up by the U.S. Supreme Court . Man tells senators : Defense of Marriage Act cost me my home "  This court has a limited jurisdiction , " CNN legal analyst Paul Callan said . "  But this is a very favorable decision for those who believe that the Defense of Marriage  Act  unconstitutionally discriminates against same-sex couples . " Those who back striking down the law "  believe this decision will give them a very strong position arguing before the U.S. Supreme Court in the future , " he said . New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo also weighed in on the three-judge-panel 's decision , saying it "  provides further momentum for national progress on this important civil rights issue . " Boston appeals court rules Defense of Marriage Act unconstitutional In February , the Obama administration ordered the Justice Department to stop defending the constitutionality of the law , though a GOP-backed group has since taken up the issue in courts across the country . Massachusetts , Connecticut , Iowa , Vermont , New Hampshire , New York and the District of Columbia issue marriage licenses to same-sex couples . Maryland , Washington , Maine and Minnesota are voting on the issue in November referendums . Five states -- Delaware , Hawaii , Illinois , New Jersey and Rhode Island -- allow civil unions that provide rights similar to marriage . Thursday 's ruling was celebrated by many top Democrats , including House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi , gay and civil rights advocacy groups such as GLAAD and the ACLU , and former New Mexico Gov. Gary Johnson , the Libertarian Party 's presidential nominee . Others criticized the ruling , including National Organization for Marriage President Brian Brown . He said 32 states have , by popular vote , backed a traditional definition of marriage being between a man and a woman and expressed hope the Supreme Court will decide the matter . "  This is yet another example of judicial activism and elite judges imposing their views on the American people , and further demonstrates why it is imperative for the U.S. Supreme Court to  act  , " Brown said . For her part , Windsor said she wants Thursday 's decision to be "  part of the beginning of the end " so that married homosexual couples someday will be viewed the same as heterosexual ones in the government 's eyes . And she wants the entire issue of a person 's sexual orientation to soon become a nonissue when it comes to marriage in American society . "  My sincere hope is that  it will be irrelevant  in my lifetime , " Windsor said . Bloomberg taps fortune to back Maryland 's gay marriage vote Polls : Majority favor same-sex marriage in Maryland When football , same-sex marriage and politics collide CNN 's Greg Botelho and Mark Norman contributed to this report .	NEW : Gay rights ' backers laud the ruling ; a conservative leader says it is "  judicial activism " A U.S. appeals court rules the federal law defining marriage is unconstitutional The issue is expected to be conclusively decided by the U.S. Supreme Court "  What I 'm feeling is elated , " says the 83-year-old lesbian at the center of the case
CNN  -- Israel may have to retire its title as the only democracy in the Middle East . With Sunday 's free and fair national election , Iraq joins the honor roll as one of the very few Islamic democracies . Other Middle Eastern countries hold elections too , of course . But those elections fall into two broad categories . The first category is the blatantly rigged : Iran , most spectacularly , but also Algeria , Egypt , and Yemen , among others . In the second category , elections are more or less honest -- but fail to exert much control over the actions of the government : Lebanon , Morocco , and Jordan . In Iraq , despite violence , votes are honestly counted . Once counted , votes decide who rules . For all the country 's well-known problems , that record is a remarkable achievement . The brave Iraqi democrat Nibras Kazimi posted this firsthand account on his important blog , Talisman Gate : "  I voted . It felt great , but the greatest thing about it was how normal it felt ; elections have become a ho-hum , commonplace occurrence . That 's quite a feat for a country with Iraq 's past and current challenges . The voting procedure itself was very well organized and speedy . The election site had seven polling stations , with about 400 registered voters allowed to vote there . Everyone 's name was posted outside , along with information about what polling station they were supposed to use . Once inside , IDs were checked against name lists , and one had to sign next -LSB- to -RSB- one 's name to indicate that this name has voted . All in all , there are reasonable mechanisms in place to contain incidents of fraud . ... "  The Western media is hyperventilating about mortars and katyushas . ... This was a logistical failure for the jihadists ; hardly any successful suicide bombers or sniper attacks near the polling stations . Lobbing mortars indiscriminately around Baghdad is BS intimidation . It certainly did n't deter voters . "  The fact that the security authorities allowed vehicular traffic around 11 AM was both surprising and bold . It showed confidence in their security precautions , and the fact that there were no car bombs shows that they were right . " Iraq 's elected government has consolidated power over the whole country , including the formerly Iranian-run southern city of Basra . It has presided over a remarkable decline in violence . The Brookings Institute 's Iraq index estimates that there were 34,500 Iraqi civilian casualties in 2006 . In 2009 , 2,800 Iraqi civilians died violently . Attacks on coalition forces have dwindled from almost 2,000 per week at the end of 2006 to a little over 100 per week . Iraq is not yet a stable place -- but a future of stability seems at last at hand . Maybe the surest sign of success is that those who once opposed the surge are now scrambling to grab credit for it . Iraq "  could be one of the great achievements of this administration , " boasted Vice President Joe Biden to CNN 's Larry King last month . Next we 'll hear how we owe the Marshall Plan and the Panama Canal to the Obama administration . Well , that 's not how those who were there remember it . A stable Western-oriented Iraq at peace with itself and its neighbors would be a great prize . If that future does take hold , we 'll learn the answer to another great question . Speaking on the eve of war in 2003 , President George W. Bush told the guests at the American Enterprise Institute 's annual dinner that he discerned "  hopeful signs of a desire for freedom in the Middle East . Arab intellectuals have called on Arab governments to address the ` freedom gap ' so their peoples can fully share in the progress of our times . "  Leaders in the region speak of a new Arab charter that champions internal reform , greater politics participation , economic openness , and free trade . And from Morocco to Bahrain and beyond , nations are taking genuine steps toward politics reform . A new regime in Iraq would serve as a dramatic and inspiring example of freedom for other nations in the region . " Will he be vindicated ? In the January issue of the Journal of Democracy , Larry Diamond offers grounds for hope that the answer may be yes . Diamond , an expert on democracy-building who served with the Coalition Provisional Authority , itemizes the indicators of growing yearning for self-rule in the Middle East . He notes surveys in which 80 percent of Arabs across the region agree that democracy is the best form of government and would be good for their own country . Of all the obstacles to Arab democracy -- religion , culture , geopolitics -- the most important is geological : oil . Oil states tend to be undemocratic states , because control of the state so directly translates into control of the nation 's wealth . When the price of oil rises , the value of power rises with it . It 's not a coincidence that oil states from Russia to Venezuela to Iran have turned to more repressive and hard-line policies since the price of oil began to rise in 2001 . By contrast , the 1986 collapse in the price of oil is widely cited as a decisive factor in the collapse of the Soviet Union . Iraq 's future will depend on its success overcoming "  the curse of oil . " America 's next contribution to Middle Eastern democracy may be an energy policy that finally lifts this curse . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of David Frum .	Iraq held a free and fair election for parliament on Sunday , says David Frum He says Iraq can be a model democracy for the Arab world President George W. Bush spoke of "  hopeful signs of a desire for freedom " in the region Frum : Biggest obstacle to democracy in Middle East is the influence of oil wealth
CNN  -- World No. 1 Novak Djokovic was dumped out of the Madrid Open in the second round after an inspired performance by 21-year-old Grigor Dimitrov . The Bulgarian had n't previously won a set against the six-time grand slam winner but took the match in three sets to secure the biggest scalp of his career to date . Djokovic , from Serbia , received treatment on his ankle during the second set but recovered to save a match point and send the match into a decider . But Dimitrov held his nerve to break Djokovic 's serve twice in the final set and take the match 7-6 6-7 6-3 . Roger Federer showed little signs of rustiness as he dispatched Radek Stepanek to move into the third round . The 17-time grand slam winner and defending champion cruised past his Czech opponent , wrapping up a 6-3 6-3 victory in 81 minutes . The Swiss was last in action in mid-March when he was knocked out of the BNP Paribas Open at Indian Wells by Spain 's Rafael Nadal . But despite his near two-month absence from competition , the 31-year-old was back in the groove swiftly to set up a meeating with either Japan 's Kei Nishikori or Viktor Troicki of Serbia . "  I did n't think I played incredible , but that 's not what I was expecting myself to do here . But I did n't play bad , either , " Federer told the official ATP Tour website . "  So I 'm very happy with how things went today . Stepanek is a player who can cause a lot of difficulties in the game . He has caused me difficulties in the past . Today that was n't the case . I thought I was pretty much in control . " Federer , world No. 2 , defeated Tomas Berdych in the 2012 Madrid final and is looking for a 22nd ATP World Tour Masters 1000 title , which would see him draw level with Nadal 's tally . Unlike Federer , the world No. 3 , Britain 's Andy Murray , was made to work hard for his place in round three after overcoming Germany 's Florian Mayer 7-6 7-6 . Murray saved five set points in the opener and came from a break down in the second set to register his 400th Tour victory in just over two hours . He will face French No. 16 seed Gilles Simon next . The 25-year-old told a press conference : "  I felt like I hit the ball very well today . I just did n't return so well . That was the only thing I would have liked to have done better . " "  He served well and hit a lot of aces on those points , but also I was n't reading the serve . So even when I was getting to it I was a little bit late and missed a few too many returns . "  Apart from that , I moved very well , which I did n't do in Monte Carlo , so that 's a big improvement . " Two top 10 seeds were knocked out on an eventful Tuesday . Czech Janko Tipsarevic , seeded nine , was beaten 7-6 6-3 by Argentinean Juan Monaco while Richard Gasquet , the French No. 8 seed was defeated 7-5 3-6 6-4 by Daniel Gimeno-Traver , from Spain . There were also wins for Stanislas Wawrinka , the Swiss No. 16 seed , and Tommy Haas , the No. 13 seed from Germany . In the women 's draw , Serena Williams beat Spain 's Lourdes Dominguez Lino 6-2 7-5 . The world No. 1 was then asked about comments about her from American starlet Sloane Stephens . In an interview with ESPN magazine Stephens , who stunned Williams by beating her in the Australian Open quarterfinals , claimed Serena had n't spoken to her since that match in January . But Williams refused to criticize the 20-year-old and told reporters : "  I 'm a big Sloane Stephens fan and always have been . I 've always said that I think she can be the best in the world . I 'll always continue to think that and always be rooting for her . "  I really just always wish her and anyone , really , especially from America the best . We do n't have that many American players , so it 's always exciting to see so many young players doing so well . " Elsewhere , Mario Bartoli , the French No. 15 seed , recovered from an injury to her ankle as she beat Spaniard Maria-Teresa Torro-Flor 6-4 2-6 6-4 . Germany 's Sabine Lisicki and Russia 's Svetlana Kuznetsova were also winners , beating Dominika Cibulkova and Nadia Petrova respectively .	World No. 1 Novak Djokovic dumped out of Madrid Open by Grigor Dimitrov Roger Federer defeats Radek Stepanek 6-3 6-3 in first match for eight weeks Andy Murray edges close encounter against Germany 's Florian Mayer Serena Williams and Marion Bartoli winners in women 's competition
London  CNN  -- Prince Harry has become the latest member of the British royal family to join Twitter . The prince sent a message from London 's BT Tower Thursday to mark tickets going on sale for the Invictus Games , which he champions . The international competition , which was launched by Harry in March this year , organizes special sporting events for wounded , injured and sick servicemen and women . Tweeting from the Invictus Games account , the prince said : "  Hope everyone will get behind #invictusgames . Great opportunity to support and thank the men and women who have given so much . Harry . " Harry then joined a Twitter Q&A with Daniel Whittingham and Andy Phillips , who hope to take part in the competition as part of the British Armed Forces Team . Whittingham said "  During rehab , sport plays a key part in every soldier 's recovery . Put them in a wheelchair , on a sitting volleyball court or in a pool and you will see a fire rekindled in their eyes . I 'm really excited about potentially being a part of the Invictus Games and prove I am unconquered by my injury . " Although he is yet to create his own account , Harry joins a number of royals with a presence on Twitter , including Prince Andrew  @TheDukeofYork  , the Queen  represented by @BritishMonarchy  , and Prince Charles , who tweets from the handle @ClarenceHouse . The Invictus Games will take place in September this year , in Queen Elizabeth Olympic Park , London , which was built for the 2012 Summer Olympics . Tickets go on sale at 9am GMT on Friday 16 May and the full schedule can be found on the Invictus Games website .	Prince Harry sent his first tweet from the top of the British Telecom tower in London His tweet marked tickets going on sale for the Invictus Games The competition organizes games for wounded , injured and sick servicemen and women
New York  CNN  -- A woman who admitted to stealing a 19-day-old infant from a Manhattan hospital in 1987 was sentenced Monday to 12 years in prison . Ann Pettway , who pleaded guilty in February to one count of kidnapping , expressed remorse in a brief statement to the federal court in Manhattan . "  I would like to apologize to the family , " Pettway told U.S. District Judge Kevin Castel . "  I am deeply sorry for what I 've done . If they do n't accept it , it 's understandable , " said Pettway , adding , "  I 'm here today to right my wrong and ask for forgiveness . " According to prosecutors , the parents of the baby girl , named Carlina Renae White , had taken her to Harlem Hospital on August 4 , 1987 , because she had a fever . Early the following day , hospital personnel discovered the baby was gone . For 23 years Pettway raised the girl under another name and as her own child , prosecutors said . In January 2010 , when the victim sought to get prenatal care during her own pregnancy , she had difficulty getting a birth certificate from Pettway , prosecutors said . The victim became suspicious and contacted the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children . DNA confirmed she was Carlina White , the daughter of Carl Tyson and Joy White . Pettway turned herself in to the FBI in Bridgeport , Connecticut , shortly after the victim , now in her mid-20s , was reunited with her birth parents . Pettway , now 50 , told authorities she took the baby because she had suffered two stillborn births , one just months before the abduction . The birth parents both read statements Monday during Pettway 's sentencing hearing . "  I never had a chance to put my daughter on a school bus , " said Carl Tyson , making direct eye contact with Pettway . "  What they should give you is 23 years for what you took from me . " A teary-eyed Joy White told a packed courtroom , "  I only spent 19 days with  her daughter  from birth , and those were the most memorable days of my life . " Both parents admit to difficulties trying to get to know their now-adult daughter . Judge Castel recommended Pettway serve her sentence in facilities in Danbury , Connecticut , or Tallahassee , Florida , where she could participate in mental health programs . In addition to 12 years in prison , Pettway was also sentenced to three years probation and ordered to pay a $ 100 special assessment fee .	A 19-day-old infant disappeared from a Manhattan hospital in 1987 Prosecutors say she was taken by a woman who raised the child under a different name The victim became suspicious as an adult , and DNA tests established her true identity The woman who pleaded guilty to taking the infant apologizes
Johannesburg , South Africa  CNN  -- A spokesman for relatives of Nelson Mandela extended thanks Saturday for the outpouring of support they have received since his death Thursday at age 95 and vowed that they would seek to uphold his legacy . "  The pillar of the family is gone , " Gen. Themba Matanzima told reporters here . "  But in our hearts and souls , he will always be with us . " Matanzima said the family of the man who became South Africa 's first black president after enduing 27 years in prison for his role in fighting apartheid would "  be guided by the values he lived for and was prepared to die for . " Chief among the lessons Mandela imparted was that "  a life lived for others is a life well-lived , " the family spokesman said . "  Though he attained the status of a global icon , he was remarkable for his humility in the family , " Matanzima said . "  Above all , he believed very strongly in the value and power of education as an instrument to empower children against poverty and helplessness . " Matanzima expressed gratitude to the people of South Africa for their support during Mandela 's long bouts with illness , to his medical team and to South Africa President Jacob Zuma . "  Finally , as a family , we are humbled by the message of condolence and support we continue to receive from governments and people of the world . " Using the clan name for the world leader , Matanzima said , "  Clearly , this once more underlines the simple truth that Madiba was not just a citizen of South Africa and the broader African continent , but a global citizen . " Though the past two days have not been easy for Mandela 's family , and the coming days , too , will be difficult , "  with the support we are receiving from here and beyond , in due time , all will be well for the family , " he said . Tributes planned A state funeral will be held December 15 in Mandela 's ancestral hometown of Qunu in the Eastern Cape province . Before the funeral , various events to honor him are planned in major cities . Sunday will be a national day of prayer and reflection , and people will gather in places of worship to pray and meditate , Zuma said . The official memorial service will be Tuesday in First National Bank Stadium in Johannesburg . Several world leaders plan to attend , including U.S. President Barack Obama according to a White House official . And Mandela 's body will lie in state at the seat of government in Pretoria from Wednesday through next Friday . Zuma announced the death late Thursday in a nationally televised address . "  Our nation has lost its greatest son ; our people have lost a father , " he said . "  Although we knew that this day would come , nothing can diminish our sense of a profound and enduring loss . " In recent years , Mandela had battled health issues that included multiple hospitalizations for treatment of a recurring lung infection . Man of complexities Mandela helped South Africa break the practice of racial segregation and do away with white minority rule . Imprisoned for nearly three decades for his fight against state-sanctioned racial segregation , he was freed in 1990 and quickly set about working to unite the nation through forgiveness and reconciliation . "  As I walked out the door toward the gate that would lead to my freedom , I knew if I did n't leave my bitterness and hatred behind , I 'd still be in prison , " Mandela said . His rejection of vengeance led him to assume roles that led from freedom fighter to prisoner to a world symbol of the struggle against racial oppression . And , four years after he left prison , he became president , cementing his place in the consciousness of the nation and the world . Zuma has ordered flags around South Africa to be flown at half-staff until the funeral . The U.S. government and Buckingham Palace also lowered their flags . "  Nelson Mandela achieved more than could be expected of any man , " U.S. President Barack Obama said Thursday . "  We have lost one of the most influential , courageous and profoundly good human beings that any of us will share time with on this Earth . He no longer belongs to us -- he belongs to the ages . " CNN 's Arwa Damon reported from South Africa , and Faith Karimi and Tom Watkins reported and wrote from Atlanta .	NEW : U.S. President Obama will be at Tuesday service in Johannesburg , official says "  The pillar of the family is gone , " family spokesman says Mandela imparted lessons on how to live life well A state funeral will be held December 15
CNN  -- Thanks to a wave of new mobile technology , I can store my calendar , car keys , credit cards , music and notes all on my smartphone . That kind of convergence is convenient , but my phone has an Achilles ' heel . The battery does n't last forever . Enter the Powerbag , a line of battery-equipped shoulder bags and backpacks made by RFA Brands . It 's a smart backup for when gadgets inevitably need to take naps . I tested the Powerbag messenger bag for about a month , and I also spent a brief time using the backpack , which is very similar . On several instances during my tests , the bag proved useful on long trips or when traveling to conferences where I 'm constantly making calls or doing e-mail . I had to overcome a couple of concerns before strapping on the Powerbag . For one , the idea of carrying a battery about the size of a deck of cards on my back in the rain is not comforting . And this line in the Powerbag manual 's lengthy "  warnings " section is not exactly reassuring : "  Improper use of this product may result in product damage , excess heat , toxic fumes , fire or explosion . " "  Powerbag sources the highest quality cells and parts for the batteries , " a Ful spokesman wrote in a reply to my worried e-mail . "  Our batteries are all rigorously and thoroughly tested , enduring the most abusive of treatment , still upholding Powerbag 's high standard of safety . " When I considered that I keep my phone in my pocket near vital organs , the fear seemed less rational . The battery is stored in a zippered pocket at the bottom of the bag . I would n't take the bag on a whitewater canoe trip or a daylong hike under the blistering Egyptian sun , but the rain did n't faze it . My other hangup involved the annoyance of having one more thing to keep charged . I already charge my smartphone , tablet , laptop , iPod , computer mouse and Bluetooth headset . Now I need to charge my shoulder bag , too ? However , I was pleasantly surprised by how long the Powerbag 's battery lasts . It went for more than a week at a time retaining most of its charge . On a single charge , it can completely fill about two small gadgets -- a phone and iPod , for example . The bag includes three standard-size cords , including one that works with iPhones and iPods , and another that charges BlackBerrys , Mi-Fis and many Android phones . An iPod can be tucked into one zippered pocket while a BlackBerry can go into another , each filling with juice simultaneously . The Powerbag is able to charge an iPad , which is nice because many alarm clocks tailored to iPods and iPhones can not . But the tablet 's big battery sucks power more quickly , and it ca n't be fit securely anywhere for charging on the go . I was disappointed to learn that the Powerbag does n't provide an easy way to charge a laptop , which would have been useful for just a few more minutes of work on Wi-Fi at a coffee shop . A standard USB port is hidden in the battery pouch , so perhaps buying a USB-to-laptop charging cord would do the trick . An RFA Brands spokesman said that including a two - or three-prong outlet would require the bag to have a cooling system , which is something the company is not eager to do . There 's a conspicuous button on the front of the bag for checking the battery 's charge status : up to four small lights , which can be hard to see in daylight . I kept the bag 's charger tucked in a pouch inside the bag . The cap and charging port located on the side of the bag snapped off a few days after I started testing it , and so from then on , I had to take the battery out and plug the cord in directly whenever I needed to refuel . The RFA spokesman said this was only an issue with pre-production models , like the one I tested , and that it 's been fixed for the bags sold in stores . The Messenger Powerbag costs about $ 140 , same as the backpack , and is sold at some big electronics and office supply stores , including Best Buy and Office Max . RFA also produces bags with bigger batteries for about $ 40 more . There are several other travel bags on the market that have batteries inside , including ones that can be charged by sunlight using solar panels on the exterior . But most solar-powered bags look like an accessory that would have gotten a kid beat up in school . The Powerbag , designed by Ful , is stylish as well as useful , making it a good companion for gadgetheads who do n't want to advertise their geekiness .	We review Powerbag , a line of battery-equipped shoulder bags and backpacks A full battery charge can fill up about two smartphones Unlike solar-powered bags , you can hardly tell it 's a geek accessory Powerbag spokesman : The battery was rigorously tested for safety
Baghdad , Iraq  CNN  -- U.S. warplanes on Saturday pounded a series of extremist militant targets in what officials say is part of an effort to retake a key piece of infrastructure in northern Iraq -- Mosul Dam . The airstrikes against fighters of the so-called Islamic State come amid growing concern that the dam is not being properly maintained and could rupture , a U.S. official familiar with the details told CNN . Engineering studies have shown that a failure of the dam would be catastrophic , resulting in flooding all the way to Baghdad , the official said on condition of anonymity . Mosul Dam is Iraq 's largest hydroelectric dam , and it sits on the Tigris Rivers about 50 kilometers  31 miles  north of the city of Mosul . ISIS fighters took control of the dam this month following fierce fighting . The United States estimates there may be up to 400 ISIS fighters in and around the dam complex , said the U.S. official . The U.S. military confirmed a mix of fighter jets and drones carried out nine airstrikes near Mosul and the Kurdish regional capital of Irbil . The strikes targeted armored vehicles being used by ISIS fighters , it said . U.S. Central Command declined to provide further details , citing security of its personnel . Map : Where is ISIS ? There were conflicting reports from Kurdish officials about whether its military force , known as the Peshmerga , had begun a ground operation to retake the dam . Mosul Dam remains in hands of ISIS A colonel with the Peshmerga told CNN the operation began early Saturday with Kurdish forces advancing toward the dam as the United States carried out airstrikes against "  mobile ISIS positions . " The dam complex has not been hit , the colonel said on condition of anonymity . He is not authorized to speak to the media . While Peshmerga spokesman Hilgurd Hikmat also confirmed the U.S. airstrikes , he said the Kurdish forces are not on the move and have not engaged in battle with ISIS fighters near the dam . Mosul Dam is under ISIS control , but it is still up and running , the colonel said . Engineers and employees remain at work , he said . U.S. intelligence agencies , according to the U.S. official , are also keeping an eye on the Haditha Dam on the Euphrates River in Iraq 's western Anbar province , where Iraqi troops have been holding off an ISIS assault for weeks . The dam is the second-largest in the country , and it provides water to western and southern Iraq . A failure of the Haditha Dam also would prove catastrophic . Earlier this year , ISIS fighters opened the gates on the Falluja dam after seizing it in an effort to stop an Iraqi military advance . The water from the dam flooded a number of small villages . Opinion : In Iraq , it 's not ` mission creep ' U.S. President Barack Obama ordered targeted airstrikes to protect U.S. personnel and facilities in Iraq and prevent a potential genocide of ethnic and religious minority groups by ISIS , also known as the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria . American airstrikes were carried out near the Yazidi village of Kojo amid reports that ISIS fighters had launched an attack , the U.S. military said . Yazidi men killed , women abducted ISIS swept into the village on Friday , killing at least 80 men and taking more than 100 women captive , officials told CNN . One Yazidi leader put the death toll much higher . The report of the brutal attack on the village of Kojo came after Obama -- citing the success of targeted American airstrikes -- declared an end to an ISIS siege that had trapped tens of thousands of Yazidis in mountains . Who are the Yazidis ? A Yazidi leader , Mirza Dinnayi , told British broadcaster Channel Four News that more than 350 men were killed and 1,000 women and children kidnapped during the attack . Fighters with ISIS attacked Kojo after surrounding it for days , a Kurdish regional government official and a Yazidi religious leader said . The women abducted from the village were being taken to the ISIS-controlled northern cities of Mosul and Tal Afar , the official said . CNN can not independently confirm the killings and abductions , but the claims are similar to reports provided by survivors of ISIS attacks in Iraq . The Yazidis , one of Iraq 's smallest and oldest religious minorities , are among 400,000 people that the United Nations estimates have been driven from their homes since June , when ISIS swept across the border from Syria into Iraq . After the rescue : A Yazidi family 's harrowing flight to escape ISIS Jomana Karadsheh reported from Baghdad , Barbara Starr from Washington and Chelsea J. Carter reported and wrote from Atlanta . CNN 's Anna Coren , Mohammed Tawfeeq and Mariano Castillo contributed to this report .	NEW : Growing concern Mosul Dam is not being properly maintained by ISIS , U.S. official says NEW : U.S. intelligence agencies are watching the Haditha Dam , the official says U.S. fighter jets and drones carry out airstrikes near Mosul and Irbil , the U.S. military says Yazidi leader tells a British broadcaster the death toll in Kojo village is at least 350
CHONGQING , China  CNN  -- At the Chongqing Children 's Palace , experts are hoping to revolutionize child-rearing with the help of science . About 30 children aged 3 to 12 years old and their parents are participating in a new program that uses DNA testing to identify genetic gifts and predict the future . For about $ 880 , Chinese parents can sign their kids up for the test and five days of camp . When Director Zhao Mingyou first heard about the technology earlier this year , he instantly knew it could be a success in China . "  Nowadays , competition in the world is about who has the most talent , " said Zhao . "  We can give Chinese children an effective , scientific plan at an early age . " The test is conducted by the Shanghai Biochip Corporation . Scientists claim a simple saliva swab collects as many as 10,000 cells that enable them to isolate eleven different genes . By taking a closer look at the genetic codes , they say they can extract information about a child 's IQ , emotional control , focus , memory , athletic ability and more . "  For basketball , we can test for height and other factors , " said Dr. Huang Xinhua , a leading scientist on the project . "  We also test listening ability so that can tell us if  the child  might be talented at music . " Would you be happy to test your child ? Have your say DNA testing has been used more widely to determine susceptibility to genetic disease . The test can identify mutations in the genetic code that lead to certain disorders , allow patients to assess risk levels and decide whether they want preventative treatment . For example , the test can identify cancer genes that may make a woman more likely to develop breast or ovarian cancer . Some women have decided to have a mastectomy based on DNA test results and family history . But according to Chinese scientists , this is the first time the test is being offered to children in China to help discover their natural talents . For about $ 880 , Chinese parents can sign their kids up for the test and five days of summer camp in Chongqing , where the children will be evaluated in various settings from sports to art . The scientific results , combined with observations by experts throughout the week , will be used to make recommendations to parents about what their child should pursue . See photos of the summer camp and testing " Dr. Huang said the testing can even help project careers down the road . Examining one child 's results , he told CNN : "  This child is very thoughtful and focused , so I suggest she go into management . " Clinical psychologist Dr. Rob Blinn said the DNA test can be accurate but only "  within a sort of limited field " and that results will not be "  dramatic . " "  You 're not going to be able to predict that someone 's going to be like the next Einstein . It 's more like this person may have an IQ that 's maybe 5 or 10 points greater than this other person because of the absence or presence of these particular genes , " he said . Still , parents are convinced it will help their child . It is no secret that China 's one-child policy often produces anxious and ambitious parents with high expectations for their only child . "  China is different from Western countries , " said Yang Yangqing , the lab 's technical director . "  There is only one child in our families so more and more parents focus on their children 's education and they want to give them the best education . " Along with parents , the Chinese government is also interested in giving talented children an early start on their careers . Children as young as two are regularly hand-picked by the government to represent China on the international stage . Future gymnasts , musicians , and basketball players are sent to rigorous training camps and specialized sports schools , and sometimes paid a government salary . There has been speculation China 's basketball hero , Yao Ming , was born of an arranged marriage between two well-known basketball players , in hopes of bearing an athletic superstar . Yao and his family have denied these reports . In an autobiography , Yao wrote that his parents actually discouraged him from playing the sport . "  My parents never wanted me to become a professional player , " Yao wrote . "  They wanted a better life for me . " Yao did start playing when he was nine years old . Three years later , he moved into Shanghai 's provincial sports academy where he lived and trained full time . "  My parents agreed only because playing basketball in a junior sports school can improve your chance of getting into college ; it counts as extra points on the college entrance exam . " Yao 's family reportedly received special stipends from the government to purchase extra food . His success story may well be on the minds of parents in Chongqing . "  It 's better to develop her talents earlier rather than later , " Chen Zhongyan said of her four-year-old daughter , who is attending the genetics camp . "  Now we can find when she is young , and raise her based on what her natural gifts are . " Her daughter , Lai Hongni , has already shown a strong aptitude for dancing , while four-year-old twin boys Luo Lianzhao and Dong Liangtong appear to be good at drawing . "  This way we can really understand our kids , " said the twins ' father , Mr. Dong , referring to the program . In the end , are these parents giving their kids a head start or taking a shortcut ? Critics of the program said such analysis has frightening implications . "  Kids , especially at younger ages , they need to have fun , they need to enjoy themselves , they need to find meaning in life , " Dr. Blinn said . "  They need to have rich deep emotional interchange with their families and parents . " "  Whether it 's really good for a two - or three-year-old to be sent off to a camp to be genetically tested , you know , and put in this track so early in life , I have some real doubts about whether that 's in the child 's best interest , " Blinn added . "  It seems to be more in the parents ' best interest . " But Chen Zhongyan said : "  We only have good intentions for  our daughter  . We think this will help her . " It is fair to say many of the kids in Chongqing looked like they were having fun , whether they were jumping on ping pong tables , drawing or playing interactive games . "  I want to be the president of China , " said three-year-old girl , Liu Xiao Liao . "  Then people will be scared of me . " It seems that some of children may have grand ambitions all of their own .	Chinese summer camps DNA tests kids for natural talents Tests carried out for IQ , emotional control , memory , athletic ability and more Believed to be first time DNA tests used to identify talents rather than disease China 's one-child policy has led to parents with high expectations
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  Pakistani authorities have arrested a suspect in the December 16 attack on a public school in Peshawar that left more than 140 people dead , most of them children . Taj Muhammad , also known as Rizwan , is accused of commanding one of the Taliban units that laid siege to the Army Public School . The military says he has confessed to other attacks in the same area . Taliban militants ambushed the school , explosives strapped to their bodies , and burst into an auditorium filled with students taking exams . They sprayed bullets rapidly , killing 145 people . Of those , 132 were children , authorities said . The terror group had warned Muslims to avoid places with military ties , saying it carried out the attack to avenge the deaths of children allegedly killed by the nation 's army strikes in tribal areas . The army school is home to about 1,100 students and staff , most of them sons and daughters of army personnel from around Peshawar . CNN 's Sophia Saifi reported from Islamabad , and Mariano Castillo reported from Atlanta .	Taj Muhammad , also known as Rizwan , has been arrested , Pakistan military says He is a suspect in the December school massacre that killed more than 140 in Peshawar
CNN  -- Could a massive passenger jet slip past radar , cross international borders and land undetected ? That 's a key question investigators are weighing as they continue the search for Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 , which vanished March 8 on a flight from Kuala Lumpur , Malaysia , bound for Beijing . Radar does have some blind spots , and it 's possible to avoid being spotted by flying at low altitude , analysts told CNN . But experts are divided over whether that could be what happened to the missing Boeing 777-200ER . Jeffrey Beatty , a security consultant and former FBI special agent , says someone could have planned a route that avoided radar detection . "  It certainly is possible to fly through the mountains in that part of the world and not be visible on radar . Also , an experienced pilot , anyone who wanted to go in that direction , could certainly plot out all the known radar locations , and you can easily determine , where are the radar blind spots ? " he said . "  It 's the type of things the Americans did when they went into Pakistan to go after Osama bin Laden . " Information about the plane 's path came into sharper focus on Tuesday , when the Thai government released data that bolsters the belief among investigators that the missing jet took a sharp westward turn after communication was lost . The Thai military was receiving normal flight path and communication data from the jet on its planned route from Kuala Lumpur to Beijing until 1:22 a.m. , when it disappeared from its radar . Six minutes later , the Thai military detected an unknown signal , a Royal Thai Air Force spokesman told CNN . This unknown aircraft , possibly Flight 370 , was heading in the opposite direction . Malaysia says the evidence suggests the plane was deliberately flown off course , turning westward and traveling back over the Malay Peninsula and out into the Indian Ocean . The Thai data corroborate what the Malaysian military had found earlier -- that the plane did indeed turn around toward the Strait of Malacca . But the Thai contact was short-lived . "  The unknown aircraft 's signal was sending out intermittently , on and off , and on and off , " the spokesman said . The Thai military lost the unknown aircraft 's signal because of the limits of its military radar , he said . Satellite signals can confirm plane 's identity On Monday , the Malaysian newspaper New Straits Times reported that the plane may have evaded radar detection by flying at an altitude of 5,000 feet or less and through mountainous terrain . The newspaper cited unidentified sources for its reporting , which CNN could not confirm . A senior Indian military official told CNN on Monday that military radar near the Andaman and Nicobar Islands is n't as closely watched as are other radar systems . That leaves open the possibility that Indian radar systems may not have picked up the airplane at the time of its last known Malaysian radar contact , near the tiny island of Palau Perak in the Strait of Malacca . Malaysian officials said Monday that they were not aware of the Malaysian newspaper 's report . "  It does not come from us , " said Malaysia Airlines CEO Ahmad Jauhari Yahya . U.S. officials have said they think it 's unlikely the plane flew northward over land as it veered off course . If it had , they 've said , radar somewhere would have detected it . It 's also unlikely that the plane was landed at a remote airport , since remote airports are n't typically equipped with the long runways that the Boeing jetliner needs , the officials have said . Analysts interviewed by CNN said that it would be extremely difficult to fly such a large aircraft so close to the ground over a long period of time , and that it 's not even clear that doing so would keep the plane off radar scopes . Key moments in tracking missing airliner "  Five thousand  feet  is n't really low enough to evade the radar , and that 's kind of where general aviation flies all the time anyway , and we 're visible to radar , " said Mary Schiavo , a CNN aviation analyst and former inspector general for the U.S. Department of Transportation . "  It just seems really highly improbable , unless we 've been overestimating a lot of other countries ' radar system capabilities , " said Daniel Rose , an aviation and maritime attorney . Buck Sexton , a former CIA officer who 's now national security editor for TheBlaze.com , said radar would have detected the plane had it flown over land . "  This is a bus in the sky . It 's a lot harder to get under the radar with this kind of thing than I think most people realize , " he said . "  So really , while the search I know has extended to this vast area stretching up into  central or south Asia  , clearly there really should be much more of a search over open water -- because this is not getting past people 's radars . " It would n't be easy to avoid radar detection , but some experts say it could be done . "  Anything like this is possible , " radar expert Greg Charvat told CNN 's "  Piers Morgan Live . " "  But to do it , you 'd have to have very detailed information of the type of radars , their disposition , their heights and their waveforms to pull that off . " Different countries would likely be using different radar systems , he said , but it 's unclear how advanced the technology is in many countries . "  It took a great deal of skill to do this , " CNN aviation analyst Jim Tilmon said . "  I think somebody was at the controls who understood the value of altitude control to eliminate the possibility of being spotted and tracked on radar . " Whoever was in control in the cockpit , he said , "  really had the ability to map out a route that was given the very best chance of not being detected . " One other possibility , he said : The plane could have shadowed another plane so closely that it slipped by radar detection . Other analysts say that would require so much skill that it would be nearly impossible to pull off without getting caught . There 's another possible wrinkle , experts say . Some countries may be hesitant to reveal what they 've seen on radar . "  They want to protect their own capabilities , " Beatty said . "  Their intelligence services are not going to want to publicize exactly what their capabilities are . " Pilots , passengers under scrutiny Politician : Pilot supported me , but was no hijacker CNN 's Barbara Starr , Brooke Baldwin , Wolf Blitzer and Elizabeth Joseph contributed to this report .	NEW : Thai data bolster belief that the jet turned sharply westward Experts disagree over whether plane could have slipped past radar undetected Analyst : Radar blind spots could be determined "  easily " Security consultant : Someone could have planned a route to avoid detection
CNN  -- A man accused of an alleged Iranian plot to assassinate the Saudi Arabian ambassador to the United States was too disorganized to have been a part of the scheme , a friend said . Manssor Arbabsiar is accused of conspiracy to murder a foreign official , conspiracy to use a weapon of mass destruction and conspiracy to commit an act of terrorism . Known as "  Jack " because of his affinity for the whiskey Jack Daniels , the 56-year-old naturalized U.S. citizen was n't much of a businessman , according to David Tomscha , who owned a car lot with him for about a year in 2000 . "  If they wanted 007 , I think they got Mr. Bean , " Tomscha said . "  He was very disorganized , he would lose most anything and he would get the dates of the cars wrong , " Tomscha said . "  He 'd tell you it was an '89 and maybe it was an ' 85 . One thing you could be sure , whatever date he told you , it was n't that year . " The disorganization extended to his personal life . "  He would n't pay his bills , not because he did n't have the money necessarily , but because he would forget to pay them , " Tomscha said . "  If it was n't for his wife , he 'd be homeless on the street . " Earlier this week , another friend Mitchel Hamauei , who has known Arbabsiar for 20 years , said he did n't seem to have strong views on politics or religion . "  It was shocking because it did n't seem like he would be the type of person to do something like that , " Hamauei said , adding that he met Arbabsiar through mutual Iranian friends . Arbabsiar and Gholam Shakuri , an Iran-based member of Iran 's Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps , are accused of a conspiracy to murder a foreign official , conspiracy to use a weapon of mass destruction and conspiracy to commit an act of terrorism , the FBI said Tuesday . Arbabsiar was arrested in September . Shakuri remains at large , the bureau said . The two were in a group that began planning this spring to kill Saudi Ambassador Adel Al-Jubeir , the FBI said . "  I do n't think he 's the Manchurian candidate , " said Tomscha . "  He came over . He liked this country . He made money here . " Arbabsiar has had prior brushes with the law , but they were for minor infractions . Public records show three arrests for Arbabsiar over the past 25 years . He was sentenced to 90 days in jail for evading arrest in 1987 , and he pleaded "  no contest " to a lesser charge in 2004 after he was arrested for driving on a suspended license . Arbabsiar also received a speeding ticket in 2007 for going more than 10 mph over the limit . A 2001 theft charge against Arbabsiar was dismissed , CNN affiliate KIII-TV reported . According to the allegations he now faces , Arbabsiar and an undercover informant discussed using explosives to kill the Saudi ambassador and possibly attacking a crowded restaurant , according to an FBI affidavit released Tuesday . The informant named $ 1.5 million as his price , it said . Arbabsiar allegedly sent $ 100,000 intended as a down payment , telling the informant his "  cousin " had deep pockets , court documents said . "  He did n't strike me as the kind of guy who would want to go out there and murder hundreds of innocent people , " Tomscha said . "  That takes a real callous person and he never stuck me like that . " CNN 's Jim Spellman and Erin Burnett contributed to this report	Man earns nickname "  Jack " for his affinity for the whiskey Jack Daniels Friend says Manssor Arbabsiar is too disorganized to take part in a killing plot He is accused of plotting to kill the Saudi ambassador to the United States Arbabsiar has had prior brushes with the law for minor infractions
CNN  -- Tina Weirather is one to watch at the Sochi Olympics . Weirather won a maiden World Cup giant slalom in Val d'Isere on Sunday and also extended her lead in the overall standings . She outclassed the field in the French resort , too , beating her closest rival by 0.73 seconds following a commanding first run . A good showing in Russia in February would be especially sweet for the 24-year-old from Liechtenstein -- whose parents were World Cup racers -- since she missed the 2010 Olympics in Vancouver with a knee injury . "  It feels awesome for me to get a first win in the giant slalom , " Weirather , fourth in Saturday 's downhill and a Super-G winner last week in Switzerland , told reporters . Weirather 's mom , Hanni Wenzel , captured two gold medals at the 1980 Olympics and claimed 33 World Cup victories but never triumphed in Val d'Isere . And Weirather joked : "  I did n't know there was a piste in this world where my mum had n't won . It 's good we 've now got it in the family . " Switzerland 's Lara Gut was the distant second-place finisher , followed by Sweden 's Maria Pietilae-Holmner . Reigning slalom champion Mikaela Shiffrin of the U.S. finished eighth and has n't been on the podium since early December . But she said she was "  very happy " with her performance . "  I was really tired coming from the U.S. to here and I had to re-think how I was doing things , making sure I was getting my recoveries , " the 18-year-old told reporters . "  Before this race I actually got some rest and I felt a lot better today , which just means that I have to ski faster . So it 's good and bad , but I 'm very happy with a top-10 . " Giant slalom world champion Tessa Worley of France missed the race and is out of the Olympics after injuring her knee last week . Four-time overall champion Lindsey Vonn did n't compete , either . She did n't finish the downhill Saturday and said her right knee was still bothering her . Back-to-back wins for Hirscher In Alta Badia , Italy , Marcel Hirscher tamed one of the toughest giant slalom courses in the world and said it was a confidence booster to beat American Ted Ligety . Hirscher made it back-to-back giant slalom victories , with France 's Alexis Pinturault 0.35 seconds behind and Ligety a further 0.23 seconds adrift . "  If only you knew how bad my skiing and my feeling were yesterday , " Hirscher told reporters . "  I doubt anyone would ever believe I could win today . Somehow I still showed some really good skiing in the end , and I could n't be happier . "  It was really , really important for me to win when Ted is competitive . I have done everything I possibly could to get closer to Ted and it 's tough to get faster ad faster , but it was worth it . " Ligety still had reason to celebrate , claiming his 33rd giant slalom podium to tie Austria 's Benny Raich for third on the all-time list . He thus rebounded after missing a gate and not completing the giant slalom in Val d'Isere last week . That ended his four-race winning streak in the discipline . "  I think I could have pushed a bit more , especially in the first run , but it 's okay , " Ligety told reporters . "  It 's how it goes . " Hirscher increased his lead in the giant slalom standings to 60 points over Ligety and pulled to within 100 points of Norway 's Aksel Lund Svindal in the overall standings . Lund Svindal was 13th Sunday .	Tina Weirather crushed the field to win a women 's giant slalom in Val d'Isere Liechtenstein 's Weirather extends her advantage in the World Cup overall standings Austria 's Marcel Hirscher wins his second straight men 's giant slalom Hirscher increases his lead in the giant slalom standings to 60 points
