CNN  When Chinese photographer Wang Wenlan first pressed the shutter on a borrowed Soviet camera in 1967 , he was a teenager taking photos to kill time during Chairman Mao Zedong 's Cultural Revolution . "  I made rolls of film out of a motion-picture reel I found . The photographic paper was left over from printing Mao 's portraits , " Wang told CNN . Five decades later , Wang , 61 , is one of the country 's top photojournalists . His work is a rich chronicle of China 's fast-changing society . "  Still images are fragments , sections and points that connect the history , " Wang says . "  The whole process of China 's reform over the past four decades -- whether going forward or stalling -- I 've been determined to and have managed to document it all . " One of his most famous series of photographs tracks China 's relationship with the bicycle -- once a family 's most precious asset but now fast vanishing from the streets . Photography was an outlet for Wang during the dark days of the Cultural Revolution , when China was convulsed by violent class struggle . His family were labeled "  capitalist roaders " and unlike most other kids , he could n't join the red guards . Despondent , 14-year-old Wang wandered around Beijing with friends in similar situations , snapping pictures and portraits to distract himself . Taking photos turned into more than a pastime in January 1976 , when Premier Zhou Enlai died - beloved by many for his role in tempering the worst of Mao 's excesses . Wang went to Tiananmen Square with his camera , capturing the unprompted outpouring of grief , both then , and again in April that year . "  I was in deep grief , " Wang said , "  And I felt I should record the collective grief . " He kept the film secret from the military , which then employed him as a photographer , transferring it to friends . The photos were published in the early 1980s . From then on , Wang saw that his camera was much more than a memory keeper . "  I did n't get photojournalism until then , " he said . "  My biggest regret was not to capture anything meaningful during the Cultural Revolution period ; it would 've been a precious record . " In the decades following , Wang has photographed not only major events -- from Tangshan Earthquake in 1976 and the overthrow of the Gang of Four , to the Beijing Olympic Games in 2008 -- but also intimate moments captured in China 's changing countryside and growing cities . From April 3 , Wang will have the first overseas exhibition of his work in the United States at the University of Iowa . Curator Judy Polumbaum -- a Chinese media scholar and former colleague of Wang -- said his work is a great window to examine contemporary China . "  It reflects not only the many changes in Chinese society emerging over the past several decades but also the endurance of tradition , and the often striking and sometimes amusing clashes between tradition and change , " she said . The clash between tradition and modernity is stark in the lead picture of the exhibit -- an elderly farmer looks on as a groom carries his bride through the field and "  the couple 's Western wedding garb contrasting with this longstanding custom , " she says . Wang has spent most of his career at the China Daily , the country 's official English-language paper , which he joined in 1980 before its official launch . Back then , it broke the mold , using large photographs rather than the stamp-sized images used in most other Chinese newspapers at the time , he says . It was also unafraid to feature ordinary people on its pages , rather than national leaders -- something Wang found he excelled at . "  Thanks to the China Daily , I stood out . It was an irreplaceable platform . " Wang finds himself nostalgic for the 1980s , when ideas emerged and collided after the Cultural Revolution ended . "  People thought nothing was impossible , " he said . "  We reflected on the past and were determined to move on . It was a special time ; the air was filled with ideals , enthusiasm and all kinds of possibilities . " Today 's China is different , he said . "  The country 's goal has shifted toward a transition to a market economy since the 1990s , " he said . "  Individuals also have since switched their focus onto consumerism and incomes from ideals . " Throughout his career , Wang 's focus has changed a great deal as well . He said he used to focus on the technical and artistic aspects of photography , but now , with smart phones , he says anyone can be a photographer . To Wang , what matters is the perspective , he said , pointing at his head . Wang says he 's felt obligated to observe and criticize through his lens over the years . "  My job is n't to chant slogans . " "  I take photos first . It 's great if they can be published ; if not , they 'll eventually be part of the history . " Next year will mark Wang 's 40th year in photojournalism . He is planning to have a photo exhibition and wants to call it "  Unfinished . " The name was inspired by the alternative title of Franz Schubert 's Symphony No. 8 . "  China is unfinished , " said Wang , who is also fan and critic of classic music . "  It 's always a work in progress . "	Wang Wenlan has been a photojournalist in China for almost four decades His work is a great window to examine contemporary China His most famous series of photographs tracks China 's relationship with the bicycle
CNN  -- A New Hampshire teenager accused of killing a woman and severely injuring her daughter during a brutal home invasion was found guilty Tuesday of first degree murder and attempted murder and sentenced to life in prison without the possibility of parole . Steven Spader sat emotionless as the verdict was read in the trial for the gruesome murder of Kimberly Cates in Mont Vernon , New Hampshire , last year . Spader , 19 , was convicted of breaking into Cates ' home and hacking her to death with a machete , while his friend , 19-year-old Christopher Gribble , repeatedly stabbed her 11-year-old daughter Jaimie as she tried to defend her mother . "  I could go on for days about the depth of your depravity , " said Judge Gillian Abramson . "  It is sufficient to say , you belong in a cage . " A medical examiner determined Cates , a 42-year-old nurse , had died from "  multiple sharp injuries to the head , torso , left arm , and left leg . " The victim 's daughter sustained serious knife injuries that required hours of surgery . Cates ' husband , who was away on business at the time of the attack , addressed the court in a prepared statement . "  Kim and I had dreams , hopes , aspirations ... now shattered , " he said . "  With one phone call on a Sunday morning , all those dreams were lost . " His daughter , Jaimie , did not testify . Three co-defendants brokered plea deals , pleading guilty to associated charges while testifying against Spader . Gribble is expected to stand trial in February .	Three co-defendants broker a plea agreement Christopher Gribble is expected to stand trial in February Steven Spader is convicted of murder in a brutal home invasion He is sentenced to life without parole
CNN  -- The people in Rwanda do not want the world to forget what happened there 18 years ago . They certainly have n't . This week , Rwandans mark the 18th anniversary of the April 6 , 1994 , genocide that took place in their country . For many , this is a somber but very necessary exercise , and many will visit sites where their families and friends were killed . But on a recent visit there , I took away that although people want to remember what happened , they also want to show the world how they have moved on . It was 14 years ago when I last visited Rwanda . I was covering President Bill Clinton as a White House correspondent when Air Force One touched down March 26 , 1998 . I remember thinking how absolutely beautiful and lush the countryside was flying in . It was hard to believe this was the same place where such atrocities occurred . We stayed on the tarmac for three hours because the Secret Service deemed it was too dangerous for the president to leave the airport . During our short stay in 1998 , Clinton apologized on behalf of the American people to the Rwandans for not doing enough to stop the 1994 genocide . During that period , Rwanda 's Hutu majority targeted and slaughtered the Tutsi minority and Hutu moderates , killing 800,000 people in 100 days . After his speech was over , I interviewed a genocide survivor . She was a young woman who had been gang raped and carried scars across her head from a huge machete . We sat across from each other in metal folding chairs in the airport hanger . I asked her the only thing that was on my mind : "  What gives you the strength to go on ? " And she responded "  faith . " Fourteen years later to the day , I would be invited to participate in a service project that would bring me back to Rwanda . Last week , I traveled with a small group of female journalists . We were asked to help teach young Rwandan women how to tell their own stories through journalism . They call it "  the girl effect " -- investing in young women early in their lives so that it will pay off later in curbing poverty , disease and despair . In Rwanda , the concept is "  ni nyampinga . " In their local language , it means striving to be a beautiful woman inside and out . One of those women I met was 23-year-old Didacienne "  Dida " Nibagwire . She is a young actress who has been in a number of films and TV shows in Rwanda . Kids go crazy seeing her on the street because they recognize her from a series she did on children 's rights . As in the U.S. , making a living as an actor is tough , so she does electronics repair and translations on the side . Like many Rwandans , she speaks at least three languages -- Kinyarwanda , English and French . Dida is part of the new generation of Rwandans that has hope and the opportunities to pursue their dreams . When I first met her , she smiled easily and exuded a kind of calm that felt maternal . But Dida 's path to this point has been difficult , and she was very open about her struggle . When Dida was 7 , her parents and six of her 10 siblings were killed in the genocide . Her earliest memory is of running -- running with her sister , her mother and many others for reasons she says she did n't understand . Dida says she remembers first her father being shot , then her mother attacked . "  They put a spear in her back . ... Then they shot my younger sister and cut the leg off one of my other sisters . Then after that , that 's when they killed my mom , but she did not die . She was talking to my sister , asking for water , but she could not go out to search for water . Then she died , " Dida says . Dida and her older sister , Claire , survived after the killers launched a grenade . "  She was sleeping in front of me , and her blood was all over over me , and they thought we were both dead . That night she took me to walk , " Dida says . Days later on the dangerous journey , Dida and Claire were apprehended by a group and thrown into a pit of dead bodies . "  A certain day many killers came and the leaders took me and my sister and then they opened a big hole and threw us in . I was asking please forgive us . " Dida says she asked Claire whether they were actually dead . The two survived because a friend of Dida 's sister paid someone to pull them out . "  Someone came and opened up and removed my sister and tried to remove me but because there were many dead they said , ` We leave her here . ' " Dida 's sister saved her life when she offered to take her place . But they could not save everyone . "  The sad thing is that they closed the pit , and they left the other man inside , and he was still alive , " Dida says . This is just a small part of Dida 's complicated story . When I asked her how she endured such tragedy and is able to cope today , she says , "  I think it 's an obligation . I have to do something good for my country . ... I ask myself why did I stay , why not my younger sister , why not my brother , and I say maybe God has something that he wants me to do . " Dida is doing plenty these days , including theater , teaching and voice-over work . She is most proud of her performances that draw attention to the problem of violence against girls and says it contributes to her healing . "  There is no paradise on Earth . What happened in Rwanda can happen anywhere , " Dida says . But Dida also is somewhat of an ambassador for her country . "  Rwanda is not only about genocide . I think Rwanda is about something else , " she says . "  I think many people when they hear Rwanda they link it with genocide , but after 18 years , Rwanda is at a certain point . ... We have our culture , we have our history , we have many things . "  We have a developing country . It 's a tourist country . ... It is our history but we also want people to know that Rwanda is not all about genocide ; Rwanda is something else . "	On April 6 , 1994 , a genocide began in Rwanda that claimed 800,000 lives One of the survivors is now a popular actress , Didacienne Nibagwire "  What happened in Rwanda can happen anywhere , " says "  Dida " She says the Rwanda of 2012 is about so much more than its bloody past
Dolakha , Nepal  CNN  As snow layered the trail before him , Hari Chaudhary thought it was odd . The veteran trekking guide had never seen snow on the trail in early October . The popular 21-day Annapurna Circuit takes trekkers in a horseshoe-shaped route around a majestic segment of the Himalayas in Nepal . On the 10th day of the tour , Chaudhary and his clients , two young Israeli women , were descending from the highest point of the trail , Thorung La Pass , to the next destination , a walk that would normally take about seven hours . Now , after more than 10 hours of heading downhill , the snow pelted . The flurry fell heavier and faster , obstructing their vision . There was nowhere to stop or rest ; they had to keep walking . "  You could n't see the trail , there was snow everywhere , making it easy to get lost , " said Chaudhary . "  It was all white , in the distance you could only see shadows of people walking . " Some wandered off the trail . As the blizzard continued , their feet sunk into the snow pile . As their steps became heavier , they began to cry . As the hours passed , Chaudhary could make out backpacks and supplies strewn on the snow . "  There were people who had fallen , or were stuck or resting along the way . I could n't tell if I saw a dead body . " Conditions in the Himalayas can be cruel . But trekkers dying in snowstorms on the Annapurna Circuit is almost unheard of -- until this year . Deadly year Nepal , known for its fabled Himalayas including Mount Everest , has endured a deadly , tragic year . In April , a hanging glacial mass collapsed and tumbled through a dangerous route on Everest , killing 16 Sherpas in the worst single disaster . Months later , an unseasonal snowstorm struck Annapurna , killing at least 43 people including locals and foreign tourists . Were the disasters just prone to happen or was climate change a factor ? Everest mountaineers have spoken of changes they 've witnessed for years . "  In my first journey , there was snow and ice , " said Apa Sherpa , a retired mountaineer who made his first summit in 1990 . "  Now we can see more rock . It 's more dangerous ... the glacier 's melting , the ice is falling , there 's rocks falling more . " After a record 21 summits of Everest , he has no doubt that conditions are changing rapidly . Dawa Stephen Sherpa , who has been climbing Everest since 2006 , agreed : "  Our observations show that seracs are peeling off the mountains much quicker and we 're seeing avalanches much more frequently and of greater magnitude . " Whether the deadly disasters in Nepal this year can be linked to climate change is debatable . "  I am leery of attributing everything bad in nature to climate change , " said Jeffrey Kargel , senior associate research scientist at the University of Arizona who studies the Himalayas . "  Sorting out what 's specifically due to climate change and what 's not is a difficult and sometimes impossible task . That said , it 's clear climate is changing all over the world , including in Nepal . " While it 's difficult to blame any single incident on climate change , there 's evidence of an increasingly warming Himalayas . Temperatures in the central Himalayas increased by about 0.6 degrees Celsius per decade between 1977 and 2000 , according to one study . In the Tibetan Plateau , the average temperature in Lhasa rose by 1.35 degrees Celsius in 30 years , according to a report by International Centre for Integrated Mountain Development . The impact of climate change includes accelerated glacial melt , irregular rainfall , changes in the monsoon season and greater risk of catastrophes such as avalanches , landslides and floods . Natural disasters always happen , regardless of climate change , experts say . What 's worrisome is that disasters in the Himalayas are becoming more common . Extreme flooding hit Pakistan in 2012 and landslides and flooding washed away streets and killed hundreds in 2013 at a Himalayan holy site in Kedernath , India . Unusually early and heavy monsoon rains triggered that disaster , in which two months of rain poured in two days . "  These extreme rare events , they 're not rare anymore , " Kargel said . Water towers of Asia The Himalayas stretch from the eastern corner of Afghanistan , through Nepal to the northern tip of Myanmar . They contain snow packs and glaciers with freshwater that feed 10 major Asian rivers , including the Ganges , Brahmaputra , Mekong , Yellow and Yangtze , giving life to the continent 's farms . Disruptions to the Himalayas could affect agriculture , as well as water and food security for Asian countries including the two most populous countries in the world -- India and China . Nepal sits sandwiched between these two countries , which are among the world 's biggest contributors to greenhouse gas emissions . But Nepal emits 0.025 % of the world 's greenhouse gas emissions , according to estimates . "  We have not swallowed poison , yet we are being poisoned , " said Dr. Govind Raj Pokharel , vice chairman of the Nepal 's planning commission . "  We have n't done anything against nature or contributed to climate change , but we are majorly affected . " Farmers at risk In Nepal , climate change is already impacting lives and livelihood , scientists say . "  Climate change is making things worse , " said Deepak K.C. , senior program officer for integrated climate risk management at the United Nations Development Program . "  There are lots of dry spurts , interspersed with heavy rain in a short period of time that 's causing flooding . " Farmers say that pests they 've never seen before are eating their crops . The monsoon rains they 've traditionally expected to arrive in June have become inconsistent , many say . "  We depend on timely rainfall for crop cultivation , " said Purnimaya Thamang , a farmer who lives in a small village near the foot of the Himalayas . "  We may not be able to feed ourselves or have the proper yield . The rain is either too late , too little or too much . " It was n't like this before , they say . Nepal 's mountains are encircled with terrace farms where families have tilled the soil for generations . More than 70 % of Nepalis work in agriculture and most are subsistence farmers . Many farmers , like Ganesh Thami , have seen landslides and floods destroy their livelihoods . He woke up several years ago to his house trembling as a flood swept over his farmland . "  The river beating the stones made drumming sounds that kept growing . I heard the sound of the boulders rolling with the water . It felt like an earthquake , " said Thami , who lost his farm in Dolakha , near the Himalayas . Dolakha is identified as one of the most vulnerable districts to landslides according to a national study on climate change conducted by the Nepalese government . The farmers say their livelihood is becoming harder and they do n't know why . "  The people that are hit the hardest are not the ones causing the climate change , " said David Molden , director general of the Kathmandu-based International Centre for Integrated Mountain Development . "  That 's the important message . The poorest people in the world are emitting the least amount of carbon ,  yet  they 're the ones who have to adapt dramatically to these changes . " In harms way One of the issues is that some villages and homes are cropping up too close to a river or in dangerous areas prone to landslides or floods . "  People who are building are unaware that they 're in dire jeopardy , " Kargel said . "  Right now , there 's uncontrolled growth , in very vulnerable places , with houses sitting on river bluffs . " The mountains have always carried risk of landslides , avalanches and snowstorms even without climate change . But new developments in vulnerable areas exacerbate the risks of making them casualty events . "  The Himalayas are changing , the way people are living in the Himalayas is changing too , " said Molden . "  People are living closer to the river , there are more trekkers and mountain climbers . " As Everest has become more commercial , the number of expeditions has increased . In 2013 , 658 climbers summited the peak , compared with 192 two decades ago . About 20,000 people a year now trek around the Annapurnas . More people climbing and trekking means a greater probability of disasters that impact tourists and local hires . "  People were not prepared " It 's riskier for local hires , like Hari Chaudhary , who are exposed to greater risks because of repeated trips . "  Why would you want to go to the mountains ? I only do it because I need to survive and I need the money , " he said . The only opportunities for uneducated , landless men are to take a construction job in the Middle East or work in tourism , said Chaudhary , a lanky man with a wiry frame . He has to support his wife and two kids . During the blizzard , he guided his two clients to safety after 12 hours . While dozens died , went missing or had their hands blackened from frostbite , he and his two Israeli hikers survived without injuries . For a day 's work of carrying 50 pounds of gear and guiding tourists , he earns $ 10 . The Annapurna snowstorm was the effect of Cyclone Hudhud , which lashed India and wound up north in Nepal in October . Hundreds of tourists and local hires were stranded when the storms hit . "  People were not prepared , they did n't get the warning signals , like they should have , " said Molden . While the Annapurna event can not be definitively ruled as a climate change-related disaster , it ca n't be ruled out either , scientists say . "  The speculation to the link to climate change is we 're getting more intense rainfall or precipitation , " said Molden . "  It 's so hard to say that event was due to climate change . All of these things have a relation . To prove that would be difficult . " Chaudhary attributes his survival to the rings of ice that formed around his ankles , which blocked snow from seeping into his bright orange Nikes , saving his feet from frostbite . Just three days later , Chaudhary laced the same sneakers and headed back to the mountains to guide another group , glancing upward to the clouds that , for him and others , were becoming increasingly difficult to decipher . This story was made possible by a reporting grant from the International Center for Journalists . A second part about solutions will run in 2015 . Journalist Manesh Shrestha also contributed to this report .	Recent deadly mountain incidents in Himalayas have created concern about climate change Avalanches are more frequent and of greater magnitude , says Sherpa Landslides and floods have made farming more difficult in recent years
CNN  -- U.S. President Obama sent a direct message to Iran 's Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei weeks before this month 's disputed election , Iranian sources said Wednesday . Iran 's supreme leader , Ayatollah Ali Khamenei , calls for an end to protests last week at Tehran University . The letter requested dialogue and engagement between the two nations , the sources said . The sources said that Khamenei has yet to reply to the letter but that nonetheless it "  had set the negotiating table in order for both sides to sit around it after the election . " The White House refused to "  get into the specifics of our different ways of communicating , " a senior Obama administration official said . "  We have indicated a willingness to talk for a long time and have sought to communicate with the Iranians in a variety of ways , " the official said . Khamenei made an indirect reference to the letter in his sermon on Friday at Tehran University . "  The U.S. president said that we were waiting for a day like this to see people on the street , " the Iranian leader said . "  Some people attributed these remarks to Obama , and then they write letters to say we 're ready to have ties , that we respect the Islamic Republic , and on the other hand , they make such comments . Which one should we believe ? " One Iranian source said , "  We thought President Obama would send congratulations to President Ahmadinejad , " and before the election , his senior advisers prepared a response to the anticipated note , which never came . The Iranian source said the election dispute is wasting time on the issue of starting U.S.-Iranian negotiations . Watch how the reported letter is part of a new policy of engagement " "  The longer it is delayed , " the source said , "  the less likely -LSB- U.S.-Iranian talks -RSB- will happen . " Another Iranian government official said there is still "  no trust " between Iran and the United States . The source said he is waiting for "  real change " even though the Iranian government welcomed the change in tone of the Obama administration before the current election turmoil in Iran . The official went on to cite a recent gesture by Iran toward Obama : the release of journalist Roxana Saberi . The official said Iran accepted Obama 's assurances that she was not a spy and had allowed the Iranian citizen to leave the country . Since , under intense scrutiny amid growing concerns over Tehran 's violent crackdown on street protests , Obama has sharpened his language on Iran . "  The United States and the international community have been appalled and outraged by the threats , beatings and imprisonments of the last few days , " Obama said Tuesday , adding that he strongly condemns "  these unjust actions . " He has not spoken in support of Ahmadinejad or his main rival , Mir Hossein Moussavi , whose supporters have taken to the streets to protest the results of the June 12 election that gave Ahmadinejad a second term . Obama 's letter to Khamenei is in keeping with his publicly stated aim of engagement with Iran and his New Year 's message in which he described a new way forward . The Obama administration has "  made it clear that any real dialogue -- multilateral or bilateral -- needed to be authoritative , " according to the senior administration official . The official noted that the Iranians have yet to respond to a diplomatic outreach made during talks on Iran 's nuclear program April 8 . At that time , the administration asked the European Union 's international policy chief , Javier Solana , to invite Iran to new talks with the permanent members of the U.N. Security Council and Germany . But the administration 's tack toward Iran may be changing , as senior officials in Washington said the Obama administration is seriously considering not extending further invitations to Iranian diplomats for July 4 celebrations overseas . Some invitations had been sent and will not be rescinded , senior administration officials said . The officials said intense discussions on the issue were taking place , but the final decision had not been made . The Obama administration had decided to invite Iranians to the celebrations at overseas posts as part of Obama 's policy of engaging the Iranian regime . As part of that engagement , Obama videotaped a message for the Iranian people on the Persian new year , and U.S. officials have engaged members of the Iranian government . CNN 's Elise Labott and Dan Lothian contributed to this report .	White House refuses to "  get into the specifics , " administration official says Obama 's letter requested dialogue and engagement , Iranian sources say Sources : Ayatollah Ali Khamenei has n't replied to letter sent before June 12 election Khamenei made an indirect reference to letter in sermon last week
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Henry Allingham , the world 's oldest man and the oldest surviving British veteran from World War I , has died at the age of 113 , his care home said Saturday . Henry Allingham was a founding member of the modern Royal Air Force . Allingham died in his sleep at St. Dunstan 's care home in Ovingdean , England , the home said in a statement . Born on June 6 , 1896 , Allingham was active until his final days , having celebrated his 113th birthday last month on the HMS President with his family , the care home said . The Guinness Book of World Records Certified Allingham as the world 's oldest man last month , St. Dunstan 's said . Britain 's Queen Elizabeth and Prime Minister Gordon Brown both paid their respects to Allingham on Saturday . "  The queen was saddened to hear of the death of Henry Allingham . He was one of the unique generation who sacrificed so much for us all . Our thoughts are with his family at this time , " Buckingham Palace said in a statement . "  I had the privilege of meeting Henry many times , " said Brown . "  He was a tremendous character , one of the last representatives of a generation of tremendous characters . My thoughts are with his family as they mourn his passing but celebrate his life . " Born in the East End of London during the reign of Queen Victoria , Allingham was brought up by his mother and grandparents . His father died when he was a baby . He joined the Royal Naval Air Service as an aircraft mechanic in 1915 after his mother died . Allingham was the last known survivor of the Battle of Jutland , considered the greatest battle of World War I . He was serving aboard the armed trawler HMT Kingfisher , which was sent to meet up with the British fleet as it fought the Germans off what is now mainland Denmark . The battle still holds the record for the most gun-armed battleships and battlecruisers engaged in a fight , according to Britain 's Ministry of Defence . In 1917 Allingham was sent to France to support the Royal Flying Corps . His job as a mechanic was to service the aircraft and recover parts from downed planes , but pilots would often ask their mechanics to fly with them , so Allingham would sit behind the pilot and drop bombs or operate the machine gun . Allingham served in Flanders until that November , when he moved to the aircraft depot at Dunkirk , France . He stayed there until the end of the war . Allingham was a founding member of today 's Royal Air Force , which was formed in 1918 when the Royal Naval Air Service merged with the Royal Flying Corps . He married his wife , Dorothy , in late 1918 and left the RAF a few months later , in April 1919 . But Allingham remained a reservist , and during World War II he was called on to find a solution to the German magnetic mines that were bottling up the English harbor of Harwich , on the Essex coast . Allingham and his team devised an effective system to neutralize the mines , after which every ship was fitted with a neutralizing device using the system . His dedication to the military and the memory of fallen troops never wavered . In his later years especially , Allingham was often seen at memorial events , even though he could no longer walk and had to be transported in a wheelchair . "  Henry was always determined to ensure that today 's generation does not forget the sacrifice of those who died on the Western Front , " St. Dunstan 's said in a statement after his death . "  Until recently , he regularly visited schools and attended war-based events as an ambassador for his generation . " Asked once at a memorial ceremony how he would like to be remembered , Allingham brushed off any thought of it , saying people should instead remember those who died in the wars . "  Remember them , not me , " he said . He was made a chevalier in France 's Legion of Honor in 2003 and was promoted to officer earlier this year . In awarding him the honor this year , the French ambassador to Britain thanked Allingham on behalf of French President Nicolas Sarkozy for his part in protecting France during both World Wars . The Royal Navy celebrated Allingham 's birthday last month by throwing him a party aboard the HMS President . A birthday cake and card signed by the First Sea Lord was delivered by fast raiding craft of the Royal Marines , and he was given a decanter of Pussers Rum , his "  favorite tipple , " on behalf of the Fleet Air Arm . Allingham 's wife , Dorothy , died in 1970 . Their two daughters both died in their 80s . He is survived by six grandchildren , 16 great-grandchildren , 21 great-great-grandchildren , and one great-great-great grandchild , all of whom live in the United States , the care home said . Since 2006 , Allingham had lived at St. Dunstan 's , a care home for blind ex-servicemen and - women on the southern English coast . He had lost his sight as a result of age-related macular degeneration . "  Everybody at St. Dunstan 's is saddened by Henry 's loss and our sympathy goes out to his family , " said Robert Leader , chief executive at the care home . "  As well as possessing a great spirit of fun , he represented the last of a generation who gave a very great deal for us . Henry made many friends among the residents and staff at St Dunstan 's . He was a great character and will be missed . "	Henry Allingham died in his sleep at a care home in Ovingdean , England Queen Elizabeth , Prime Minister Gordon Brown pay respects to Allingham Born in 1896 , Allingham was active until his final days Guinness Book of World Records says Allingham was world 's oldest man
Sanaa , Yemen  CNN  -- A senior operative of al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula wanted for his role in the USS Cole bombing was killed by an airstrike in Yemen on Sunday , Yemeni officials said . Fahd al Quso , 37 , was killed while riding in a vehicle in the Rafdh district in Shabwa province , according to the officials . He was killed by a CIA drone strike , U.S. officials told CNN . Al Qaeda members confirmed the death in text messages to local media , saying al Quso died along with a companion identified as Fahd Lakdum . Drone strike kills 13 suspected militants last week Al Quso was indicted by a federal grand jury in New York in 2003 on 50 counts of terrorism offenses for his role in the October 12 , 2000 , bombing of the USS Cole in Aden , Yemen . The bombing killed 17 U.S. sailors . The FBI had offered a $ 5 million reward for any information leading to the capture of Al Quso , who was among the most-wanted terrorists in Yemen . He had been at-large since escaping in April 2003 with eight others from a Yemeni prison , where they had been held on suspicion of involvement in the Cole bombing . Earlier Sunday , two security officials told CNN that four Yemeni airstrikes killed six suspected al Qaeda militants and wounded two others in Lawder district of Abyan province . The Defense Ministry said that 10 other suspected militants had been killed since Saturday morning in the same province 's Zinjibar district . The ministry said that the strikes were targeting two locations : a militant hideout and a training site . Nine troops were wounded in Abyan 's capital of Zinjibar when a mortar exploded , a senior Defense Ministry official told CNN . Two of the wounded were in critical condition , he said , speaking on condition of anonymity because he is not authorized to speak to the news media . Local security officials said that the offensive has been the fiercest since last year , when the country began its anti-terrorism efforts . More than 240 militants have been killed over the last month in Abyan alone , the security officials said . "  Al Qaeda has been greatly weakened over the last two months , and we expect them to evacuate strategic positions over the next two weeks , " a senior official in Abyan who is not authorized to speak to the news media told CNN on condition of anonymity . He said that 24 soldiers were killed during the same period . Yemeni government military planes roam the skies of Abyan throughout the day , residents said . "  We wake up in the morning and see bodies laying on roads or near our farms . Most of the attacks take place late at night or early morning , " said Yasser al-Numairi , a resident of Abyan . The violence comes as newly elected President Abdu Rabu Mansour Hadi has vowed to increase the pressure on al Qaeda until they are eradicated from every Yemeni village . "  Our fight against al Qaeda will continue until the displaced citizens can return safely to their homes and terrorist operatives surrender and lay their arms , " Hadi said Saturday night in a speech broadcast on Yemen Television . The Interior Ministry said on Sunday that 14 suspected al Qaeda militants were arrested in April and that it will continue hunting down terrorists nationwide . Al Qaeda is seeking to take advantage of the political unrest in Yemen to expand into new areas of southern Yemen . CNN 's Barbara Starr contributed to this report .	Fahd al Quso was killed while riding in a vehicle , Yemeni officials say Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula confirmed his death in text messages He is wanted in the USS Cole bombing in Yemen , which killed 17 U.S. sailors More than 240 militants have been killed over the last month in Abyan , officials say
CNN  -- Park Ji-Sung made history this year when the Manchester United midfielder became the first Korean to appear in the final of the European Champions League . Manchester United 's Park Ji-Sung in action for his club . The 28-year-old finished on the losing side in May , after Alex Ferguson 's team were beaten 2-0 by Spain 's Barcelona on the night , but for Park , his inclusion in the starting eleven represented a significant achievement . CNN will be traveling to the Red Devils ' training ground on September 21 to speak to Park about his life , and we 're giving you the chance to question the man himself . What do you want to ask Park Ji-Sung ? When it comes to Asian football , there 's no bigger star than Park Ji-Sung . The midfielder is a hero in his home country , not only for captaining the national team , but also for flying the flag for Korean football abroad thanks to a string of lung-busting performances for one of the world 's most famous club sides . Video : Park Ji-Sung talks to CNN . " In fact , he has been nicknamed "  Three-lung Park " by the media in his homeland , thanks to his seemingly overflowing energy supply . The same newspapers plaster Park on their front pages whenever he plays . Yet when he signed for Manchester United from Dutch side PSV Eindhoven , some unfairly thought that it was a mere sop , a marketing tool for Manchester United to sell more replica shirts . Check out CNN 's Park Ji-Sung gallery . " But Ferguson has had other ideas , picking Park for some of United 's most important games . "  He has developed his tactical and technical ability and he has become a very important player for us , " Ferguson told a press conference during United 's summer tour of Korea . "  He has had a fantastic career with us . " That career has seen him earn a Champions League winner 's medal , numerous Premier League titles and a fourth place finish at the 2002 World Cup finals . If anything this year has been his best yet . Following last season 's English Premier League title , and a start in this year 's Champions League final , he led South Korea to the 2010 World Cup finals , scoring a late goal against Iran to secure their automatic qualification for South Africa . To confirm his status , he has just signed a two-year extension at United . And now CNN are offering you the chance to put your questions to arguably Asia 's greatest player . What is Alex Ferguson like to work with ? What has been the highlight of his career so far ? And what hope do South Korea have of emulating their 2002 World Cup glory in South Africa next summer ? Leave your questions below .	Park Ji-Sung is the first Korean to play in the Champions League final He has just lead the South Korean national team to the World Cup finals Sir Alex Ferguson calls him "  a very important player " for United Sound Off : What do you want to ask Park Ji-Sung ?
ALPHARETTA , Georgia  CNN  -- Latin music pulses from the stereo as 40 women jump , shimmy and sway to the beat . Zumba is the most popular exercise class at one suburban Atlanta YMCA . It 's not a dance club . This is a regular morning exercise class at the YMCA in Alpharetta , Georgia . It 's called Zumba . Part dance , part aerobics , Zumba is an hourlong routine that works almost every muscle in the body . "  It is dance fitness , " explained Stephanie Maxim , one of two class instructors . "  We teach them moves that you can see on ` Dancing with the Stars ' : salsa , mambo , cha-cha , and we put it into a group fitness format . " "  It 's not like a workout , " explained Diane Walterstiel , 55 , of Alpharetta . "  Before I come , I 'm tense , but when I leave , I could kiss the world . " Nearly a year after being introduced at the YMCA in suburban Atlanta , Zumba is the most popular exercise offering at the facility . Alberto Perlman , co-founder and CEO of Zumba Fitness in Hollywood , Florida , was n't surprised when the concept took off not just in the United States but around the world . "  We turned exercise into a party , " Perlman declared . "  Zumba broke some of the rules of fitness . We used music in the original form instead of using step counts . " Perlman , whose background is in marketing , teamed up with Colombian dancer and choreographer Alberto "  Beto " Perez in Miami in 2001 . "  One day , Beto forgot his aerobics tapes , so he played his salsa and meringue songs during class in their original form , " Perlman said . "  People went crazy . They did n't feel like they were in a class with a drill sergeant . " Perlman said Perez decided to call the exercise Zumba , after the Colombian slang word meaning to buzz like a bee or move fast . Zumba is now a brand name . Since 2003 , Perlman 's group has trained 20,000 instructors around the world and sold more than 3 million DVDs on the Internet and through infomercials , he said . Heather Bleakman teamed up with Maxim to teach the Georgia YMCA session . She called the class a form of therapy . "  We see women change , " she said . "  We see their faces light up . " Bleakman stood at the front of the room and offered a high-impact version of Zumba for those who could keep up while Maxim focused on a slower low-impact routine . Maxim warned participants at the beginning of class to modify the exercise to fit their needs . She added that wearing proper footwear is one of the best ways to guard against injury . "  In Zumba , we do a lot of pivoting , so you 've got to have a shoe that has more of a flat base so you can move , or you 'll feel the torque in the knee , " Maxim cautioned . Lilieth Burke , 48 , of Alpharetta started attending Zumba classes a year ago and kept coming back because she appreciated "  the simple composition of dance moves . " Unlike other exercise workouts she 's tried , "  Zumba is not a punishment , " she said . Burke summed up the benefits : "  I feel fit , I sleep better , I feel better , I feel younger , and I feel I can live another 48 years . "	Set to original-form music , Zumba classes combine dancing and aerobics Since 2003 , more than 20,000 instructors have been trained worldwide Zumba adherents rave about its physical and psychological benefits
Beijing , China  CNN  -- Police have detained a man accused of having killed at least three kindergarten students Tuesday in east China 's Zibo City , Shandong Province , the city government said Wednesday , according to the state-run Xinhua News Agency . Fang Jiantang , 26 , was detained hours after the attack and has told police he was responsible , said the government in a statement . In addition to the three fatalities , three other children and four teachers were wounded , it said . Two of the teachers were in serious condition , it said . Police found the two-foot  60-centimeter  knife that Fang said he used , the statement said . The motive for the attack was not immediately known . The attack is one of at least five knife or cleaver attacks on schoolchildren in China since March . CNN 's John Vause contributed to this story .	Xinhua : Three dead , three children and four others wounded Xinhua : Police find two-foot  60-centimeter  knife that Fang said he used Motive for attack not immediately known The 26-year-old man tells police he was responsible
CNN  -- I grew up on the border , at the site of today 's humanitarian crisis involving tens of thousands of immigrant children seeking asylum . Even though I was born in Texas ' Rio Grande Valley , my family and I lived on the Mexican side of the river for seven years of my childhood . There I saw poverty firsthand , right around the corner from our house , in the streets , by the bridge , in the countryside . Poverty was everywhere . It looked like hungry children in dirty diapers living in dirt floor huts with no shoes , no clothes , no running water , no education , no health care and often no idea from where the next meal would come . It was the stench of running sewage , of dirty laundry , of mangy dogs , of rotting food . And later , as the drug trade and related violence increased , it was n't just poverty that hung in the air , it became fear . I narrowly dodged being at a restaurant one evening in Matamoros , Mexico , when a gunbattle broke out . My best friend hit the floor so hard he woke up with bruises all over his knees and elbows , blood splattered on his sneakers . Another night , walking near my grandparents ' home , I bumped into a man bathed in blood . He 'd just been shot and was running for his life . The area was the site of the infamous Santa Elena Ranch killings . The environment had changed . And that was more than 20 years ago . It 's only gotten worse , not just on the border but throughout Mexico and Central America , which is why our nation must shift its foreign policy priorities closer to home . Fortunately , for me , I was born into a middle-class family . Our life was filled with tensions most Americans know too well : saving our home from foreclosure , keeping the lights on and worrying whether my dad 's small business would survive tough times . But -- unlike the children flooding into our country -- we felt safe from hunger , from violence , from fear of losing our lives at any moment . Like most Americans , we found comfort and complacency in that degree of safety . And so like most Americans , we did not question the priority our nation continuously placed on the Middle East . September 11 , 2001 , only fueled that focus because we felt the impact of terrorism bred in the Middle East on our own soil . But should n't today 's humanitarian crisis along the border be a wake-up call to the fact that we must finally place a higher priority on Latin America ? The results of the unbridled violence and poverty south of our border have long spilled onto our soil . And , after the failure of governments throughout the hemisphere to turn the tide , the effects are evident in this flood of desperate humanity seeking refuge and opportunity . As someone who grew up there , I can assure you that more border security is not the answer . This solution -- often prioritized by political leaders and epitomized by Texas Gov. Rick Perry 's decision to deploy the National Guard -- is nothing but macho swagger that oversimplifies the problem and will only succeed in turning our border region into more of a war zone . We must remember that places such as the Rio Grande Valley are still a part of America . The beleaguered people who live there have a right to enjoy the same freedom and safety the rest of America holds dear . And no matter how much border security exists , it will not stop this deluge of humanity , but it will tell our children and those watching around the world that America is a heartless nation . If the Statue of Liberty is the symbol of immigrant America from another era , what statue should be erected in the Rio Grande Valley ? A solider pointing a weapon southward through a towering barbed wire fence ? Is that the new image we wish to form of America for generations to come ? To the contrary , we must stop dealing only with symptoms and tackle the real problems . The constant tide of northward migration from Latin America is a symptom of deeper problems , as is our nation 's paralysis in dealing with all of the undocumented immigrants who have already crossed our borders . Our foreign policy priorities must shift , and we must invest more talent and resources in collaborating with Latin American governments to fix their broken countries , economies and societies . President Barack Obama 's meeting with Central American leaders this week must be the beginning of a deeper commitment to solving our shared challenges . A quick glance at the U.S. Agency for International Development 's list of the top 20 nations benefiting from American foreign aid includes only one Latin American nation , Colombia coming at 15th . Four out of the top seven recipient nations are in the Middle East . Absent from the list of the top 20 are any of the nations most directly involved in this recent wave of immigrants : Honduras , Guatemala , El Salvador and Mexico . While the crises in Ukraine and Gaza are reminders that we can not ignore the rest of the world , it is also clear we must do more in our own backyard so that so many of our neighbors do n't feel compelled to flee their homes . The problem begins , and must be resolved , in these immigrants ' nations of origin . But we must also deal with the situation we have at home . Not only should we be humane and generous in caring for these young immigrants ; we must include them within our approach to comprehensive immigration reform . We must act fast . And we must act now . We must embrace a more inclusive vision of the Americas as our larger shared home because we are so highly interdependent , as evidenced by this mounting crisis . And we must make this hemispheric home a better place to live for all , everywhere , so that people are more likely to build their lives closer to where they were born , nearer to their families and connected to their cultures . If they had that chance , I 'm sure they 'd take it . And we 'd all be better off as Americans , and Americanos . Join us on Facebook.com / CNNOpinion .	Rudy Ruiz : Border crisis shows urgent need for U.S. to focus more on the Americas Children need humanitarian aid , and their nations need more U.S. aid , he says We must invest more resources in helping Latin America fix broken nations , he says Ruiz : Only one Latin American nation is among the top 20 recipients of U.S. aid
CNN  If you 're going to work for the water department in San Francisco , you better learn how to hold it . That 's what the city 's water utility advises after a manager was caught relieving himself into a reservoir that supplies water to millions of people . Last month , employees with the San Francisco Public Utilities Commission witnessed Martin Sanchez , a $ 111,000-a-year maintenance planner with the utility , urinate in the Priest Reservoir , said Tyrone Jue , a spokesman for the utilities commission . The Priest Reservoir is a 674 million-gallon basin , located about 150 miles east of San Francisco , that provides water for 2.6 million people in the San Francisco Bay Area . The water in the reservoir is untreated and disinfected with chlorine and ultraviolet light before it reaches customers . There was no water in the reservoir at the time of Martin 's bathroom break -- it had been drained for maintenance , Jue said -- but that made no difference . "  There is no public health risk to be concerned about because the reservoir was not in use and the fact any water would have been treated anyway , " said Jue . "  Still , his actions are completely unacceptable . " Sanchez is facing disciplinary action from the utility , which could include several days of suspension without pay . San Francisco is n't the only city that 's had to deal with this . Last April , Portland , Oregon , was forced to dump 38 million gallons of water from a reservoir after a teen urinated in it . A security camera captured the 19-year-old , with the help of two friends , climbing a fence surrounding the reservoir and , ahem , taking care of business . The city decided to get rid of the water in the reservoir because it was slated to go directly to homes and there was no way to treat it . The teen and his two accomplices were cited by police . As for Sanchez or any other employees in San Francisco who may be working around a reservoir and want to save themselves a trip to the restroom , Jue offers a warning . "  Come to work wearing your big boy pants or diapers . If not , you 'll need to find another place to work . "	Water manager was caught last month urinating in a San Francisco reservoir Water utility says there is no public health risk ; employee will be disciplined
CNN  -- Josep Guardiola has confirmed he is to step down as Barcelona coach at the end of this season , saying four years in charge of one of the world 's biggest clubs is an eternity . The record-breaking coach cited tiredness as the major factor in his decision , saying he needed a prolonged break to rediscover his energy and enthusiasm for the game . At an emotional press conference in Barcelona , attended by many of the team 's star players , the club 's president Sandro Rosell confirmed Guardiola 's number two , Tito Villanova , is to take over next season . "  Four years on the Barcelona bench is an eternity , " Guardiola explained . "  I want you to understand this is not a simple decision for me . I 'm sorry deeply for the confusion in the last few weeks . Spain in shock as ` God-like ' Guardiola quits Barcelona "  At beginning of December I announced to the chairman that I was seeing the end of my era at Barcelona . He or I could n't say that publicly . "  I had to announce this today because I did n't want to continue with the confusion . The reason is simple , four years is very tiring . "  I 'm drained and I need to fill up . The demand has been very high and a manager must be strong . The new coach will give things I 'm not able to anymore . " The 41-year-old 's announcement comes at the end of a disappointing week for the Spanish club , whose European title defense came to a halt just days after a defeat by arch-rivals Real Madrid all but ended its three-season domestic reign . Guardiola joined Barcelona as a 13-year-old and won six La Liga titles and one European Cup as a player with the club . He presided over an unprecedented treble in his first season in charge , winning the Champions League , La Liga and the Spanish Cup , having been promoted from his role as coach of the Barcelona reserve side in May 2008 . He won the Champions League again last season and also a third successive Spanish title , followed by success at the Club World Cup for a second time in December 2011 . He won a total of 13 trophies during his tenure . However , he never signed a long term contact and revealed he had made the decision to quit before the turn of the year . Barcelona 's president Sandro Rosell called Guardiola the best coach in the history of the club , and said : "  Thank you Pep for perfecting our football model , it can never be questioned again . " Under Guardiola , Barcelona acquired the reputation of being the most attractive team in the world to watch , spearheaded by the sublime goalscoring exploits of three-time world player of the year Lionel Messi . The Argentina striker was not present at the press conference and later explained why on his page on the social networking site Facebook . "  I want to thank Pep with all my heart for everything he has given me in my professional career and personally , " the 24-year-old wrote . "  Because of the emotions I feel I preferred not to be present at Pep 's press conference and to stay away from the press because I know they will look for the pain on the players ' faces . It is something I decided not to show . " Guardiola acknowledged the intense demands of coaching one of the world 's most high profile clubs prompted him to relinquish the reins . Despite speculation linking him to other jobs , he confirmed he would be taking a break from the game . "  You can only recover by resting , " he said . "  It would have been a bad decision to continue . We have lived too many strong things together to run the risk that this goes wrong . "  I know this is the best possible place , but it is my time to go . I 'm satisfied beyond the results in the way we 've done it . "  I want to thank my players , who have been responsible for everything that has happened . It has been a pleasure to train them . "  It 's been a million games I 've imagined but they made it reality . Day by day for so many years they made it possible . " Guardiola said he recalled jumping up and down like a little boy when he was asked to take over as coach of Barcelona 's ` B ' team in 2007 . "  I need to recover that feeling , " he said . "  Time has taken its toll . It 's been three days of madness but it had to happen . "  I am proud of everyone I work with . This club is a powerful force -- it is unstoppable . The one that will replace me  Villanova  is very able to take this on . "	Josep Guardiola will stand down as coach of Barcelona at the end of this season The 41-year-old said he is physically and emotionally drained after four years He had been the world 's most successful coach during his four-year tenure He revealed he made the decision to stand down before the turn of the year
CNN  -- UEFA has opened disciplinary proceedings against Lazio over allegations a section of their supporters chanted racial abuse at Tottenham players in the Europa League on Thursday . Aaron Lennon , Jermain Defoe and Andros Townsend appeared to be subjected to racist abuse -- including monkey chants -- during the goalless draw at White Hart Lane , a game that was watched by UEFA president Michel Platini . Members of Football Against Racism in Football  FARE  who were at White Hart Lane plan to file reports to UEFA to assist with their investigation . Romanian referee Ovidiu Alin Hategan and match delegate Adonis Procopiu have already submitted their reports of the match 's events . Tottenham held by Lazio in Europa League "  UEFA has opened disciplinary proceedings against S.S. Lazio for the improper conduct of the club 's supporters  racist behavior  during the UEFA Europa League group stage match on Thursday 20 September between Tottenham Hotspur FC and the Italian side , " read a UEFA statement . "  The UEFA Control and Disciplinary Body will deal with the case on 18 October 2012 . " Lazio could be hit with a fine of $ 26,000 if their fans are found guilty of racial abuse , while UEFA could also force the club to play their next game behind closed doors . Racism remains "  significant " problem in English football Earlier this week Chelsea midfielder John Obi Mikel had to close his Twitter account after receiving racist abuse online . Chelsea issued a statement condemning those responsible and has informed the police following the matter . The statement read : "  We 've been made aware of racist tweets targeted at Mikel which are totally unacceptable , disgusting and abhorrent . "  We 've informed the police and support taking the strongest possible action . " This season UEFA has fined Bulgarian side Levski Sofia $ 39,000 for racist behaviour by their fans during the club 's Europa League second qualifying round match . Levski fans unveiled a racist banner during their game against Bosnia & Herzegovina 's Sarajevo on July 19 . "  Fans should realise that the club is responsible for all of their extreme or irrational actions , " Levski said in a statement . Meanwhile on Thursday , two AIK Solna supporters suffered stab wounds while in Naples for their side 's Europa League game against Napoli . A 41-year-old and a 23-year-old were both wounded in the leg , but the club do not believe the attack was football related .	UEFA has opened disciplinary action against Lazio Move comes following Lazio 's goalless draw at Tottenham Italian club could be hit with $ 42,000 fine Bulgarian side Levski Sofia hit with $ 39,000 fine
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Federal authorities announced Tuesday they dismantled an international child pornography ring that allowed its 35 male members to trade thousands of images and videos of boys in sexually explicit situations through a website . The announcement was made in the wake of Monday 's guilty plea by a Georgia man to transporting child pornography using a secret Internet bulletin board called "  Lost Boy . " That website operated from September 2007 to January 2009 , when authorities shut it down and began investigating the men who operated it , officials said . "  After a two-year investigation , we believe we have pursued all avenues , and our comments wo n't jeopardize the investigation , " said Andre Birotte Jr. , the U.S. attorney in Los Angeles , where authorities first discovered the existence of the global child porn ring . "  We felt this was the right time to come forward , " Birotte added . "  We are not talking about innocuous photographs ... . I 'm talking about serious graphic images of boys being sexually exploited . " David Michael Fagerness , 44 , pleaded guilty Monday in U.S. District Court in Los Angeles to conspiracy to transport child pornography , officials said . Fagerness , whom authorities said was from the Atlanta area , had relocated to the Czech Republic after being convicted of possessing child pornography in a Florida state court in 2005 , but the Czech Republic ordered his return to the United States to face the federal charges , officials said . Fagerness now faces a 15-year mandatory minimum sentence , and his sentencing is scheduled for June 6 , 2011 , prosecutors said . Another alleged ring member , who was a registered sex offender , even used public library computers to access the Lost Boy website , but James Criscione , a 53-year-old Los Angeles attorney , died in custody earlier this year while facing charges , authorities said . In all , 16 of the shuttered website 's 35 male members have been charged in the United States for their roles in the ring , and five of them have entered guilty pleas , with two more expected to plead guilty later this month , authorities said . Eight of the defendants face federal charges of engaging in a child exploitation enterprise , which carries a mandatory 20-year sentence , officials said . Four more defendants are named in an indictment but remain in Belgium , New Zealand , Germany and France , authorities said . The remaining men in the child pornography ring are being sought , but in many cases , authorities have only their screen names and not their identities , officials said . The investigation has also led to the identification of 27 victims of child abuse in the United States , including some whose images were posted on the Lost Boy bulletin board , officials said . Authorities discovered the Lost Boy website after Eurojust , the judicial cooperation arm of the European Union , provided U.S. officials with leads from Norwegian and Italian authorities indicating that a man in North Hollywood , California , was communicating with an Italian national about child pornography and how to engage in child sex tourism in Romania , officials said . Authorities found that the Lost Boy bulletin board had 35 adult male members , 15 of whom were U.S. nationals , officials said . Home countries of other members also included Brazil and Canada , officials said . "  Through unprecedented cooperation with foreign law enforcement partners , we have brought down a global online group whose principal purpose was to victimize children , " said U.S. Assistant Attorney General Lanny Breuer . The network had a vetting process for new members , most of whom had to post child pornography to join the organization , officials said . Once accepted , members had to post child pornography to remain in good standing and not be removed from the board , officials said . Members traded techniques to evade detection by law enforcement , which included using screen names to mask identities , officials said . The bulletin board also had a "  Handbook Project , " where members contributed to a guide on how to find and groom boys to engage in sex and how to move on to other victims when the current victim grows too old to be attractive to the members , authorities said .	A secret internet bulletin board devoted to child pornography was called "  Lost Boy " 35 men , including 15 Americans , were members of the global child pornography ring Authorities have charged most of the members , but some are still being sought
DENVER , Colorado  CNN  -- Investigators in Colorado say they have broken up a massive methamphetamine ring in the Denver area that distributed pounds of the dangerous drug every week and laundered the profits using collectible comic books . Aaron Castro and his brother were the leaders of the methamphetamine ring , authorities say . "  To launder the money you have to use something that is quick and convenient , " Colorado Attorney General John Suthers said at a news conference Monday . "  And in this case , they used classic comic books . " While arresting the alleged ringleaders , brothers Aaron and Alfonzo Castro , law enforcement officers seized about 100 boxes of first-edition collectible comic books . Investigators say one title alone is worth $ 3,500 and the total collection of comics is worth half a million dollars . "  It appeared they were working on a startup company for high-end comic books , " said Don Quick , the district attorney in Adams County near Denver . Quick said the seized comic books included some first-edition Superman and Batman titles . The fragile , vintage comics were stored in plastic bags for protection . According to a grand jury indictment released Monday , the Castro brothers arranged for weekly , multiple-pound shipments of the meth from Phoenix , Arizona . The brothers then distributed the drugs to a network of runners that made deliveries to dealers around the Denver area . Suthers says Castro brothers sometimes used females "  as drug mules by having them hide methamphetamine inside their vaginal cavities . " These women would then deliver the meth to a series of houses , and then lower-level dealers would distribute the drug . "  It 's a tawdry piece of information , but it 's a big part of what this group was doing , " he said . These same runners also collected money from dealers and delivered it to the Castro brothers . Suthers said the drugs most likely were manufactured in Mexico , and each month 's shipments had a street value of about $ 2 million . The indictment details 145 drug possession and distribution charges from October 2008 to earlier this month . The Castros and 39 other people are listed as defendants . The Castro brothers and their top runners are also charged with racketeering . Of the 41 defendants , 40 are in custody . The Castros are being held in the Adams County jail on $ 1 million bail each . It is unclear if they have attorneys .	Colorado authorities say ring distributed pounds of meth each week Drug was believed to have been manufactured in Mexico Collectible comic books were used to launder money , officials say Authorities seize comic books with value of half a million dollars
CNN  -- This might be the start of a new chapter in the browser wars . Over the weekend , Google Chrome routed more Internet traffic than Microsoft 's Internet Explorer , which long has held its spot as the most-used Web browser in the world , according to data from StatCounter , an Internet monitor . Do n't rush to over-interpret this bit of news , though . Other Internet trackers still show Internet Explorer -- which comes pre-installed on many Windows computers and has long been a default -- in the lead . And some groups have criticized StatCounter 's data collection methods , saying the group does not account for the different ways countries collect Internet traffic data . Still , the numbers are a sign of the times . Bonjour Google ! Gmail adds auto-translation Google Chrome , which is regarded as the hipper , faster and more developer-friendly browser , is gaining ground on the competition . "  Whether Chrome can take the lead in the browser wars in the long term remains to be seen , however the trend towards Chrome usage at weekends is undeniable , " StatCounter 's CEO Aodhan Cullen said in a written news release in March , when Chrome bested Explorer for a day . "  At weekends , when people are free to choose what browser to use , many of them are selecting Chrome in preference to Internet Explorer . " According to StatCounter 's latest report , which was spotted by the blog Global Nerdy , Google Chrome fielded 32.8 % of Web page requests on Sunday . That compares to 31.9 % for Internet Explorer and 25.5 % for Mozilla Firefox , which once was seen as the most viable alternative to the long-dominant IE . Tech blog TheNextWeb says the numbers are n't exact but they are significant . "  Measuring the Web is an imprecise science , very often based on scaling up small scale measurement surveys , " the blog writes , "  but the gist of StatCounter 's data over the last year indicates that Chrome use is rising ... at the expense of IE and Firefox , regardless of the exact precision of the data . " ComScore , another company that tracks Internet traffic , does not release comparable numbers . But spokesman Andrew Lipsman said in an e-mail that StatCounter 's numbers are "  consistent with what I 've seen . " "  Chrome has definitely been increasing its share over the past couple years , " he wrote . Several factors appear to contribute to Chrome 's rise . One is frustration with Microsoft 's Internet Explorer , which , fairly or not , is seen by some Web users as not very innovative . Another is the increasing role Chrome plays in all aspects of computing , especially for people who use Google 's other online services , like Gmail and Google Translate . Some of the browser 's features enhance other Google products , and the Chrome Web store is home to an increasingly robust catalog of add-ons that improve the browser 's functionality . CNN 's partner site Mashable has published a list of some of the best . Google also has tried to position the browser as the basis for the operating system of the future . And then there 's the ad campaign . Google has been running TV spots showing people using Chrome to communicate with each other . The tagline : "  The web is what you make of it . "	Report : Google Chrome passes Internet Explorer in browser wars The stats may not be exact , but they do indicate a trend Chome 's popularity has been rising as IE 's wanes Google 's browser is seen as being faster and more innovative
Las Vegas  CNN  -- Two-time Indianapolis 500 winner Dan Wheldon died Sunday of "  unsurvivable injuries " sustained during a multi-car wreck at the Las Vegas Indy 300 . He was 33 . The rest of the race -- the marquee event of the IZOD IndyCar World Championships -- was canceled . "  IndyCar is sad to announce that Dan Wheldon passed away from unsurvivable injuries . Our thoughts and prayers are with Dan and his family , " IndyCar CEO Randy Bernard said . The remaining drivers , many of whom were visibly emotional after emerging from a meeting with IndyCar officials , did a five-lap salute in Wheldon 's honor . Wheldon death must be a catalyst for change "  Amazing Grace " played as the drivers slowly wound their way around the track . More than a dozen vehicles were involved in Sunday 's fiery wreck . Video of the accident showed cars spinning out of control , bursting into flames , and shooting smoke and debris into the air . Championship contender Will Power , Rookie of the Year candidate J.R. Hildebrand and driver Pippa Mann were also involved in the crash . They were taken to an area hospital for treatment . Power was evaluated and released , while Mann and Hildebrand are awake , alert and will stay overnight for observation , according to IndyCar spokeswoman Amy Konrath . Wheldon was in line to win $ 5 million if he had captured the checkered flag at Sunday 's race . "  I lost one of my best friends , one of my greatest teammates , " driver Tony Kanaan told reporters . "  I know this is a dangerous sport . I know we 're exposed to that every day , in normal life as well . But you know , you do n't think about it . Today we have to think about it , " he said . Wheldon was known as a ` great family man ' Racing accidents are not uncommon , though fatal ones have been rare in recent years . Safety improvements at such high-speed events have included the installation of "  soft walls . " So-called SAFER barriers , which include foam , are intended to soften the effects of impact . Other equipment protects a driver 's head during impact . In 2006 , driver Paul Dana died in a two-car collision during a practice run at Homestead-Miami Speedway in Florida . Driver Tony Renna died in October 2003 of injuries suffered in a testing accident at Indianapolis Motor Speedway , while Scott Brayton was killed at the same speedway in May 1996 when his vehicle hit the wall during practice . Images from fatal IndyCar crash Indianapolis Motor Speedway Corporation President and CEO Jeff Belskus released a statement , calling Wheldon a "  great champion " and "  wonderful ambassador . " "  Most importantly , he was a fantastic husband , father and man -- a good friend to so many in this sport . His memory will live forever at the Speedway , both through the magnitude of his accomplishments on the track and his magnetism off the track , " he said . After his second Indy 500 victory in May , Wheldon talked with CNN 's "  American Morning " about the intensity of the race track . His first win was in 2005 . "  We 're doing speeds in excess of 225 miles per hour . With this race , you never know what can happen . It 's about staying focused and you really do n't ever let off the power unless you have to , " he said . Wheldon , who was born in Emberton , England , lived in St. Petersburg , Florida . His father was a go-kart racer and his mother was the timer at a local track . Wheldon is survived by his wife and two young children . CNN 's Phil Gast , Jason Durand and Greg Morrison contributed to this report .	NEW : Three other drivers were taken to a local hospital Wheldon is remembered as a "  fantastic husband , father and man " More than a dozen cars were involved in the crash Video of the accident shows cars spinning out of control
CNN  -- The medical examiner 's office in Concord , New Hampshire , will conduct an autopsy Tuesday on the body of Celina Cass to determine how the 11-year-old girl died . Celina 's body was found by divers searching the Connecticut River on Monday -- one week after she was last seen . "  We have brought Celina home , not the way we wanted to bring her home , " New Hampshire Senior Assistant Attorney General Jane Young said . The girl 's father , Adam Laro , said he was heartbroken and grasping for answers after hearing the news . "  I ca n't see why somebody would want to do that to my daughter , " he told CNN Tuesday . "  That 's the thing that puzzles me . " Young said that the case -- which had been considered a "  missing persons " case -- is now being investigated as a "  suspicious death . " No one has been arrested or named publicly as a suspect in what is now a criminal investigation . "  Based on what we have seen visually , we are treating it as suspicious , " she said . Celina 's body was found around 10:30 a.m. Monday by divers from the New Hampshire Fish and Game Department near a hydroelectric plant outside West Stewartstown , New Hampshire , according to the attorney general 's office . Young described it as a "  routine search because of the proximity to  Celina 's  home , " about one-quarter mile away . The site is also near the Canadian border , where the Connecticut River forms the border between New Hampshire and Vermont . The discovery came a day after Laro -- who was in the hospital when Celina went missing -- said that he was like others "  wondering where my daughter is " and hoping she was safe . On Tuesday , the father thanked all those authorities and residents who had put their time and effort into finding Celina . "  Celina was a very good girl . She was very kind , considerate . I guess you could say an everyday child that loved ... being in life , " he said . Laro also spoke to HLN 's "  Nancy Grace " show on Monday night . He said then that his memories of his daughter are "  beautiful , beautiful , just a wonderful-hearted person . " "  I ... ca n't believe what 's gone on , " Laro said on Monday . "  I have no fingers to point ... I hope there will be some answers , that 's what I 'm asking . " Celina was last seen in her room , at her computer , around 9 p.m. July 25 , according to police . CNN affiliate WMUR reported that her parents told authorities the girl was gone when they went to wake her up . Since then , local , state and federal investigators had searched for her and for clues about her whereabouts "  by air , by land , by water , " Young said Sunday evening . Young said on Monday that authorities , including FBI agents , had received nearly 500 tips prior to finding the girl 's body . She described investigators ' focus Monday around Celina 's home as "  routine , " after being asked about yellow crime tape there and the removal of a vehicle . The aim is to "  determine if we have any evidence " in places around where the girl was last seen alive . Young added that the discovery of the girl 's body should help authorities "  hone the investigation , so you will  still  see searches conducted in different areas . " Celina 's father said that he had not spoken with his ex-wife , who lived in the house with the girl 's stepfather of about a year , since the girl went missing . He described his ex-wife as a "  great mother , " and added he had positive interaction with the stepfather . "  It was  a household that supposedly gave her great love , that 's what she always told me , " Laro said Monday . CNN 's Chuck Johnston contributed to this report .	The father of Celina Cass , 11 , describes her as a "  very good girl ... kind , considerate " He says Celina told him that her household "  gave her great love " The girl 's body is found in the Connecticut River Authorities now consider the girl 's death "  suspicious "
CNN  -- Casey Anthony is responsible for the 2008 death of her 2-year-old daughter Caylee , a report released Thursday by Florida 's Department of Children and Families concludes . A month after a jury acquitted Anthony on murder and child neglect charges , the state agency found that Anthony "  is the caregiver responsible for the verified maltreatments of death , threatened harm and failure to protect " in her daughter 's death . Carrie Hoeppner , a spokeswoman for the Department of Children and Families , said the report was issued this week as a "  professional courtesy " after the sheriff 's office and prosecutors finished their work on the case . She added that the state agency is mandated to conduct reviews when there are allegations that a child dies as a result of abuse , abandonment or neglect . The agency had no contact with the Anthonys prior to the girl 's disappearance in the summer of 2008 , Hoeppner added . The Orange County Sheriff 's Office will not take any further action as a result of the report , Capt. Angelo Nieves said Thursday . "  This closes out the DCF case , and it does not create additional follow-up on our part , " he said . The report said : "  The Department of Children and Families concludes that the actions or the lack of actions by the alleged perpetrator ultimately resulted or contributed in the death of the child . " The report was signed by officials in the department Wednesday . Anthony is now free . While she was cleared on murder and aggravated child abuse charges , the 25-year-old Orlando woman was convicted on four counts related to misleading law enforcement authorities . She was sentenced to four years in jail on those convictions , but was given credit for the time she had already served between her arrest and the end of the seven-week trial and was released from jail in mid-July . Prosecutors can not appeal the acquittals . The report does not address , or substitute for , judgments regarding the guilt or innocence of the caregiver -- in this case , Casey Anthony -- DCF spokeswoman Hoeppner said . The state report found that Anthony 's "  failure to act " in the 31 days between the time the girl was last seen and when police were alerted about the case "  delayed and interfered with a law enforcement investigation and best efforts to safely recover the child . " The agency report noted there were "  no indicators " that Caylee 's death was caused by physical injury , and it was "  not substantiated " that she died of asphyxiation -- both points of great contention during the trial . An autopsy performed in December 2008 by the local medical examiner determined "  that the exact cause of death can not be determined with certainty . " Prosecutors tried , unsuccessfully , to convince jurors that Anthony used chloroform to render her daughter unconscious and then duct-taped her mouth and nose to suffocate her . In its recommendations section , the report said that "  the maternal grandfather " -- in this case , George Anthony -- "  should have been interviewed for the missing person report . " Casey Anthony 's defense lawyer had claimed , in the opening argument of the murder trial , that George Anthony knew Caylee had died accidentally and helped cover up her death . Casey Anthony had been investigated by the agency , when state child welfare investigators determined on September 14 , 2008 , that there were "  verified findings " indicating that Anthony was responsible for "  inadequate supervision and threatened harm " of her child , although it found "  no indicators of physical injury . " Exactly a month later , a grand jury indicted Anthony on murder and other charges , and the case was eventually reopened by the Department of Children and Families . No further detail was immediately offered as to why or exactly when the department chose to review the case , or why it came out this week . The report released Thursday officially closes the department 's investigation in the case . In Session 's Lena Jakobsson and CNN 's Melanie Whitley contributed to this report .	NEW : The report was released as a "  professional courtesy , " a state spokeswoman says The sheriff 's office wo n't take action based on the report , a sheriff 's spokesman says The girl 's mother "  is the caregiver responsible " for her death , the report finds A Florida jury acquitted Casey Anthony on murder charges
CNN  -- Luke , a white seventh grader , believes his parents would not be supportive if he dated an African-American girl . "  Honestly I do n't think my parents would be too happy because ... if you marry a black girl , you 're connected to their family now , " he said , adding , "  and who knows what her family is really like ? " Jimmy , a black seventh grader , recounted that after he had several white girlfriends , his parents seemed to interpret it as an affront to his own race . "  They said , ` Why not your own kind ? ' because all my girls have been white , " he said , adding , "  it 's not like they were like , ` You need to choose a black girl , ' it 's just they were asking me why I like white girls and I was just like , ` there 's no ... specific reason . ' " Their stories highlight a divide not between the races , but between the generations . Both teens participated in an Anderson Cooper 360  study on children and race . Many students reported discouragement of interracial dating from their parents , or those of their friends , with reactions ranging from wariness to outright forbiddance . The architect of the AC360  study , renowned child psychologist Dr. Melanie Killen , says parents of both white and black kids have a lot of anxiety about the prospect of interracial dating . Killen , who was hired as a consultant for the study , contends the trepidation from parents can have a profound negative effect on their children 's friendships and racial attitudes as a whole . "  Parents of young children do often send messages about , ` We can all be friends ... with everybody , ' ... but by adolescence , they start getting more nervous about this and they start thinking , ` Well you should be friends with people like you or like us , ' " said Killen . She added that parents ' ultimate fear is often that their children will marry another race . While interracial couples are a source of conflict for some families , interracial marriage is on the rise in America . According to a recent report by the Pew Research Center using the most recent Census data , 8.4 % of marriages are interracial compared to just 3.2 % in 1980 and in 2010 , a full 15.1 % of all new marriages were interracial . Anderson Cooper and Soledad O'Brien interviewed a panel of parents whose children participated in the AC360  study and were vocal about the issue of interracial dating . The father of Luke , the white middle-schooler , said his son might have gotten the wrong impression from a conversation he and his wife had with Luke 's older sister . AC 360  Blog : Full "  Kids on Race " coverage "  She informed me she had started going out with an African-American ... young man at her school . A young man that we knew , and that we liked a lot and it was n't that we did n't so much want them dating because of race per se . We did n't know if she had really thought about some of the cultural differences that there may be and so we talked about it in that respect ... not that it 's right or wrong , good or bad , just different , " said Luke 's father Gary . He also admitted that the issues facing friends in interracial marriages were at the forefront of his mind . "  They have great marriages . They also have shared challenges at times . Challenges in the way the families may relate , challenges that they themselves may have either between themselves or the perception of other people ... we 've talked about those kind of things because they 're real , " said Gary . The father of Jimmy , the black teen , said he 's supportive of his son dating girls of any race but his son 's slew of white girlfriends did get him concerned . "  When you see your kid always steering towards a different race , you want to make sure that he does n't have a problem with his own race ... because we 'd never seen him with a black girlfriend , " said Jimmy 's father , also named Jimmy . Another black seventh grader who participated in the study , 13-year-old Chantay , admitted she , and others in her extended family , had a double standard regarding interracial dating . "  If I were to date a white guy , a lot of people would n't really have a problem with that . But if my brother were to bring home a white girl , there 's definitely going to be some you know controversy , " she said , adding , "  I think its more of a problem for people when a black man brings home a white woman because it 's been like that for years . " Chantay 's mother Christal says she 'd support her children dating any race but thinks her daughter 's issue reveals concerns about whether black men view black women as inferior . "  I think when she speaks about if her brother were to bring home a white girl , what it says I think to our kids , our black kids , is , ` Are we not good enough for our black brothers ? What 's wrong with us ? What , do you like the silky straight hair ? I can press my hair , ' " said Christal . As for the parents who spoke to Cooper and O'Brien , they said hearing their children 's thoughts on interracial dating was revelatory and would spark more conversations at home . For Killen , raising these issues in parents ' minds is essential because they can have unintended long-term consequences . She says perceived discouragement of interracial dating can , "  contribute to more negative messages about being friends with people of different racial or ethnic backgrounds , " adding , "  then that sets in a whole set of expectations that could be lifelong . " Watch Anderson Cooper 360  weeknights 8pm ET . For the latest from AC360  click here .	White seventh grade boy thinks his parents would not support him if he dated a black girl Black seventh grade boy 's parents fear he dislikes his race because he dates white girls AC360  study finds the problem is not racial , it 's generational
CNN  -- Walmart found itself sending apology tweet after apology tweet Monday after the Twitterverse raked it over the coals for a major goof on its website . For whatever inexplicable reason , the retail giant 's site featured a Halloween category , titled "  Fat Girl Costumes . " You wo n't find it there now , thank goodness , but it stayed there for a large part of the morning -- and long enough for multiple screen grabs . The presence of the category was first reported by Jezebel , which in turn was alerted by a reader who stumbled upon it while looking for costumes . It was basically a collection of costumes that you 'd usually find on the site 's plus-size women 's section . After Twitter users complained in droves , Wal-Mart took down the section and sent out multiple apology tweets . "  This never should have been on our site . It is unacceptable , and we apologize . We worked quickly to remove this , " the tweets said . Halloween costumes to avoid this year Now , can we please do something about those sexy ebola containment suit costumes ? The Ray Rice children 's Halloween costume you wo n't believe	The site featured a Halloween category , titled ` Fat Girl Costumes ' After Twitter users complained , the section was taken down
CNN  -- The Syfy Channel is known for a certain kind of escapist fun . Saturday nights are reserved for their original movies : movies that are lower-budget than the fare seen in theaters , but still meet science fiction fans ' need for fantastic monsters , time travel and magic . With a reputation for being delightfully campy , Syfy 's original movies are a guilty pleasure , said Colin Ferguson , star of Syfy 's original series , "  Eureka . " "  Within the bandwith of the campy sci-fi movie , you can go from completely self-aware , with something like -LSB- classic sci-fi movie -RSB- ` Attack of the Killer Tomatoes , ' and then in the middle you have something like -LSB- the Syfy movie -RSB- ` Sharktopus , ' where the creature is just way over the top , sort of on purpose , " Ferguson said . "  And on the other end you have sort of the more realistic version of the campy creature , like ` Triassic Attack , ' " he added . "  Triassic Attack , " is Ferguson 's Syfy original movie directorial debut and will air Saturday , November 27 , at 9 p.m. ET . The movie is about the fossilized remains of dinosaurs that are brought back to life by a Native American spell and urged to wreak havoc on a small town . The ravenous , animated skeletons start eating as many people as they can . However , because the resurrected dinosaurs are only bones , they have no digestive organs . So their human meals just drop to the ground after mastication . "  I 'd describe it as , ` What happens when a flying tyrannosaurus rex attacks Oregon ? ' " said Ferguson . "  Pandemonium ensues , no doubt ! " The movie 's tagline reads , "  They 're ancient , they 're angry and they 're out for revenge . " Based on that description , Frank Conniff , "  Mystery Science Theater 3000 " writer and current member of "  Cinematic Titanic " said it could be a perfect addition to his movie riffing routine . "  I guess the central dilemma of the movie is the digestive system of these monsters . ... Is Rolaids or Tums doing a sponsor ? " he said . "  Who could not watch a movie with that description ? " Conniff has made a living out of lovingly poking fun at campy , B-grade movies . He said the reason so many people love campy films is because of their originality and filmmakers ' resourcefulness . "  The best of them have a real personality that comes through that you do n't necessarily see in a big-budget movie , " Conniff said . Big-budget science fiction movies tend to rely more on a constant barrage of noise and shiny objects instead of the charm of a campy filmmaker , like Ed Wood , he said . "  In some ways -LSB- ` Triassic Attack -RSB- ' could be a cheesy B movie , and in some ways it could be an action/adventure sci-fi movie , " said Jeff Beach , co-founder of the production company behind "  Triassic Attack , " UFO Films . "  We make fun movies with a lot of visual effects and a lot of action , and there 's this huge fan base for them , " he said . "  Anytime I 'm out and about and people ask me what I do , I say , ` Oh I make the movies for the Syfy Channel , ' and people are like , ` Oh ! I love those things ! ' Anyone from a hairdresser to a guy in a grocery store , guy parking the car . I think it 's really a wide spectrum of viewers for these movies , and I think the age range also varies very much , too . " "  Syfy Channel is filling a void , " Ferguson said . "  People used to go to drive-ins to see these kinds of movies . " There 's something about cheap entertainment that makes people smile , he said . Thomas Vitale , the executive vice president of programming and original movies at Syfy , said the movie "  Sharktopus " made everyone on his team smile . Even saying the word "  Sharktopus " was fun , he said . "  We create this world that 's outlandish -- we create this world where ` Sharktopus ' really exists , where the military creates a sharktopus and the sharktopus gets loose , " Vitale said . "  Once you set that up , everything that follows has to live within that world and has to make logical sense based on the outlandish premise that we 've created . " Another recent Syfy movie , "  Red , " starring sci-fi fan favorite Felicia Day , applies that logic to the fairy tale "  Little Red Riding Hood . " Vitale said it was an easy leap to go from "  a story that 's about a little girl and a talking wolf , " to an original movie that was about how a modern girl would deal with the sci-fi version of a talking wolf -- a werewolf . With such attention to detail and adherence to a fantastic story line , Vitale said it 's no surprise that Syfy 's original movie team is made up of sci-fi geeks . "  Everything at Syfy Channel is run by robots , actually , " said Karen O'Hara , vice president of original movies at Syfy . "  We 're all fans of the genre , we all consume a lot of science fiction , fantasy and supernatural programming , " Vitale said . "  First and foremost , we are entertainment junkies . When I was a kid , the one thing my parents were always on me about was to turn off the TV . " And while it 's clear the creative team at Syfy knows what traditional sci-fi fans want in terms of continuity and premise , Ferguson said he believes the network is reaching out to a more mainstream audience . "  With the creation of -LSB- original Syfy series -RSB- ` Eureka ' and ` Warehouse 13 , ' it was like , ` no space , no aliens , ' sort of grander science-type stuff . At the same time you had the mainstream -LSB- audience -RSB- getting more technical , more savvy , more sort of geeky , " Ferguson said . "  Everyone is talking about iPhones and iPads and knows about e-mailing this and YouTube and Netflixing directly , " he added . "  It 's all very sci-fi anyway in our world . So I think modern culture and technology sort of moved towards sci-fi , and Syfy tried to meet them half-way . " For now , thankfully , man-eating dinosaur skeletons are still squarely in the realm of outlandish camp .	Syfy Channel 's original movies are known for their campy fun Syfy creators adhere to logical rules based on outlandish premises "  Triassic Attack " is on the "  realistic " end of the campy movie spectrum
CNN  -- A superb second half goal from substitute Zlatan Ibrahimovic gave Barcelona a 1-0 win over arch-rivals Real Madrid to go back to the top of the Spanish La Liga on Sunday . Both teams ended with 10 men after Barca 's Sergio Busquets went just after the hour mark for a second yellow card , with Real losing Lassana Diarra in the dying moments for two yellows . Ibrahimovic 's goal was truly worthy of settling ` El Clasico ' as the Swedish striker met a Daniel Alves ball from the right on the volley to leave Iker Casillas with no chance . The 55th minute strike in the Camp Nou came shortly after he replaced the ineffective Thierry Henry and followed an opening half in which visitors Real were the more threatening . Real had gone into the game with a one point lead in the standings over the defending Spanish and European champions and showed their quality on the break . Cristiano Ronaldo , making his first start in two months , might have put the visitors ahead in the 20th minute but was denied by home keeper Victor Valdes , who knocked his shot wide with his legs . Barcelona central defender Carlos Puyol also came to their rescue with two last-ditch challenges on Marcelo and Gonzalo Higuain from similar Real attacks . But the Catalans made the breakthrough as Ibrahimovic went some of the way to justifying his massive transfer fee and soon afterwards midfielder Xavi came within a whisker of a second from long-range . Further chances fell to Eric Abidal , who shot wide , and Argentine ace Lionel Messi , who was superbly denied by Casillas from close range . A tiring Ronaldo was substituted and his replacement , Karim Benzema , fired over the top in the 80th minute as Real pressed in vain for an equalizer . "  This was a very good test , " Barca coach Pep Guardiola told gathered reporters . "  It 's always difficult against Madrid but even more so when you go in as favorite and them as a big underdog . That 's when Madrid is most dangerous . " The three points leave Barcelona on top with 30 points from 12 games , two ahead of Real on 28 . Sevilla , who drew on Saturday , have 26 . In other action on Sunday , Deportivo La Coruna had a hard-fought 1-0 win at Racing Santander to move level on points with fourth-placed Valencia . Albert Lopo struck in the 76th minute to give the Galicians their eighth league success in 12 matches .	Barcelona beat arch-rivals Real Madrid 1-0 in El Clasico on Sunday Zlatan Ibrahimovic scores only goal of the game in the Camp Nou Victory leaves Barcelona two points clear of Real in La Liga Cristiano Ronaldo wastes best chance of the match for visitors
The staffing search for a Hillary Clinton campaign manager is heating up , and a Clinton spokesman acknowledged Thursday that the former secretary of state is "  casting a wide net " when talking to different people about about a would-be presidential bid . Clinton met with Guy Cecil , the outgoing head of the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee , on Wednesday in Washington , according to Politico , and has talked with Robby Mook , a former Clinton aide , about 2016 .  $ ` Both are seen as frontrunner for the top job in a Clinton campaign . Although Clinton 's spokesman said he would n't confirm or deny the meeting and conversations occurred , Nick Merrill acknowledged that Clinton is talking with a wide array of people about 2016 . "  As she decides , she 's casting a wide net and wants to hear from a variety of people on a range of specific topics , from policy ideas to what a successful campaign would look like , " Merrill said in an email . Democrats have repeatedly said that Clinton has yet to make up her mind , but according to people close to Clinton , there have long been four names in the campaign manager race : Cecil , Mook , Stephanie Schriock and Ace Smith . Here is what you need to know about each . Cecil : Although Cecil , as executive director of the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee , was at the helm when Democrats lost the Senate in 2014 , he is close with the Clintons -- particularly Bill Clinton -- and worked as Hillary Clinton 's national political and field director in 2008 . Cecil is an unpretentious figure and has won the trust of many on Capitol Hill . Earlier in his career he led the standard journeyman campaign life , working for campaigns in Arkansas , North Carolina and Colorado  where he led Sen. Michael Bennet 's dark-horse win in 2010  . Cecil has been hesitant to talk about Clinton publicly as she considers a 2016 run and did not respond to an email for this story . Mook : The then 33-year-old political operative was seen as a man on the rise when he steered Gov. Terry McAuliffe to victory in Virginia in 2013 and is regularly mentioned by people close to Clinton as a smart choice for campaign manager . Before working for McAuliffe , Mook was the head of the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee and in 2008 steered the Clinton presidential campaign to wins in Nevada , Ohio and Indiana . Mook , who has a loyal following in his own Democratic circle , started his political career working for then Gov. Howard Dean in Vermont . Like Cecil , Mook has been hesitant to comment publicly on Clinton 's 2016 bid . He did , however , make the most interesting splash of any of the possible campaign managers when emails he sent to a group of supporters were leaked to ABC . In the emails , which were sent to a group called the "  Mook Mafia , " the operative urged his supporters to "  smite Republicans mafia-style . " Schriock : Schriock currently has what she calls "  one of the very best jobs in American politics right now " and it would n't be a stretch to say Hillary Clinton probably agrees . As head of Emily 's List , Schriock 's goal is to help elect pro-choice , Democratic women across the country -- something Clinton regularly talks about on the stump . Schriock , the often-on-message campaign veteran , started her career as Dean 's 2004 finance director , where she tapped into a new revenue stream -- the internet -- to raise money . She then went on to lead high profile Senate campaigns , including Jon Tester 's in Montana and Al Franken 's in Minnesota , to wins . Schriock briefed the press at last month 's Ready for Hillary strategy session , where she flatly said she was "  not going to talk about " a possible role in the Clinton campaign . "  I am not going to talk about any conversation I may or may not be having with any candidate who may or may not be running for office , " she said . Smith : Smith , a California based consultant with deep ties to the Clinton , would be the dark horse in this field of four . While Smith led Hillary Clinton 's campaign to 2008 wins in California , Texas and North Carolina , it is the list of other Democrats he has worked for that is impressive : Richard Daley , Paul Simon , Ann Richards , Dianne Feinstein , Dick Gephardt and Howard Dean , to name a few . People close to Clinton say that Smith would be a good , outside-the-beltway choice for campaign manager . Although he had deep ties to Washington -- through the people he has worked for -- Smith is based in California and has focused on the state in the last few years . And it seems like Smith is interested . "  Anything Hillary Clinton asks me to do , I will do , " Smith told the San Francisco Chronicle in November . "  I 'm a huge charter member of the Hillary Clinton fan club . "	Hillary Clinton is reportedly meeting with candidates to be her 2016 campaign manager Sources see the short-list as 4 people : Robby Mook , Stephanie Schriock , Ace Smith and Guy Cecil
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Will the closure of the Interstate 405 in Los Angeles hurt small businesses ? The forecasts of gridlock have been alarming , but as a 10-mile stretch of the 405 closes for 53 hours this weekend , businesses say there is a lot more than a traffic jam at stake . "  They are making it out to be a nuclear event , " hairdresser Jon Condon said . He said city officials have frightened drivers with dire predictions of 50-mile traffic jams . He is closing his Brentwood Village shop this weekend and believes Los Angeles residents will be hunkered down in their homes . "  It 's just too much , " he said , "  too much of a hassle getting here . " Brentwood Village is a quaint upscale shopping area just off the portion of the 405 that is to be closed . Down the street , Janet Danova says no one knows what to expect . "  Some people say it will be crazy busy , some people say it will be dead , " Danova said . The manager of the Brentwood Village Market says she is optimistic -- mildly . Across town , Adrineh Khechadorian is already lamenting lost business . She operates a party rental service with lots of customers in the west side of Los Angeles , the area most affected by the planned 405 closure . ` Carmaggedon ' begins Friday night in L.A. "  We 've had two major parties canceled this week , " Khechadorian told CNN . The hosts , she said , believed their guests would not be willing to brave the traffic . But , according to the Los Angeles Chamber of Commerce , some business people are hoping to turn the predicted gridlock into gold . Restaurateur Frank Pezeshki has purchased extra food for his burger joint , located in the shadow of the 405 , less than a mile from where the freeway will be closed . "  Drivers will be hungry after sitting in traffic all day , " Pezeshki said . O'Neil Sportswear in Santa Monica is one of dozens of businesses running special "  405 " sales . "  We are hoping to attract local customers , " Manager Wendy Harrell said . She has few illusions that customers will be lured from across town this weekend . Even artists are hoping that Carmageddon will lead to more exposure for their work . Composer Ken Elkinson is offering free downloads of his "  Music for Commuting . " It was recorded , he says , to ease the tensions of being stuck in southern California 's insufferable traffic . And he anticipates that this will be a high-demand weekend for his work . But motorist Rita Longcore offers her own prescription for beating the Carmageddon blues . "  I 'm not getting in my car , " she says .	The weekend closure of the popular Interstate 405 is dubbed the "  Carmageddon " One business is also closing for the weekend , too But a sportswear shop is remaining open with a "  405 " sale
CNN  -- It was a night which evoked hatred of years past -- now both Serbia and Albania have been punished for their part in dramatic night of violence in Belgrade . Last week 's Euro 2016 qualifying match was abandoned after 41 minutes following a brawl sparked by the arrival of a drone carrying a flag emblazoned with the insignia of ` Greater Albania . ' European football 's governing body UEFA ruled that the European Championship game be awarded 3-0 in Serbia 's favor but also deducted three points from the host nation . Serbia has also been told it must play its next two Group I qualifiers behind closed doors while both football associations have been fined $ 126,410 . In a statement , UEFA 's Control Ethics and Disciplinary Body  CEDB  confirmed the punishment . "  The CEDB has decided to declare the above-mentioned match as forfeited . As a consequence , the Football Association of Albania  FShF  is deemed to have lost the match 3-0 . In addition , the FShF has been fined    100,000  $ 126,410 "  The CEDB has also decided to deduct the Football Association of Serbia  FSS  three points for the current UEFA European Championship qualifying competition . In addition , the FSS has been ordered to play its next two UEFA competition matches as host team behind closed doors . Finally , the association has been fined    100,000 . " Under UEFA 's disciplinary rules , the two nations are allowed to appeal the European governing body 's decision . Serbia were formally charged with crowd disturbance , setting off fireworks , a pitch invasion , "  insufficient organization " and the use of a laser pen . Albania were charged for the "  display of an illicit banner " and refusing to play . The incident shocked the world of football as ethnic tensions between the two countries flared . The ` Greater Albania ' insignia , which was attached to the drone , refers to the idea of an extended area in which all ethnic Albanians reside -- one which would include Kosovo . The two illustrated figures on the flag were Isa Boletini , an Albanian nationalist who led uprisings against the Serbs and Ottomans in 1912 and 1913 , while the other , Ismail Qemali , is considered to be the founder of the modern Albanian state , which became independent in 1912 . The word "  Autochthonous , " which refers to an indigenous inhabitant of a place , was emblazoned at the bottom of the flag and is considered an offense to Serbians . When Serbian player Stefan Mitrovic took the flag down , it provided the catalyst for an already combustible tie to fully ignite . Albanian players ran from the field , a number of missiles and flares were thrown from the stands by some home supporters , while images from photo agencies showed fans invading the pitch . The visiting side also claimed its team bus was targeted by hooligans before the contest . Security had been tight in the lead up to the contest in Belgrade with away fans prevented from attending amidst heightening tensions over Kosovo -- a majority-Albanian former Serbian province which declared independence in 2008 . In 1999 , a 78-day air war was launched by NATO to stop the killing off ethnic Albanians in Kosovo by Serbian forces . Kosovo 's independence is recognized by many countries including the United States , the United Kingdom , Germany and France -- but not Serbia . Albanian Prime Minister Edi Rama had been scheduled to visit Belgrade on October 22 -- the first such visit by an Albanian leader in 68 years . His visit , which will now take place on November 10 , comes after his own brother , Olsi , was accused of piloting the drone inside the stadium by a Serbian government official -- an allegation he rejected . "  Today the justice has not been served regarding what had happened at the Belgrade stadium , " the Albanian Prime Minister tweeted . The Albanian Football Association confirmed to CNN it is ready to appeal against the decision . Armand Duka , head of the association , told CNN that the "  punishments are clearly not proportional . " He also denied suggestions that Albanian players had refused to continue the contest following their departure from the field of play , labeling those allegations as a "  product of pure fantasy " . "  The Albanian team never refused the resume of the match , " added Duka . "  The Albanian players declared that they were physically and mentally unable to play a football match . "  There is no reference in the official reports that emptying the stadium was the proper way to restore the security conditions . "  If in the opinion of the UEFA officials , this was the right thing to be done , they should empty the stadium and then resume the match and invite the Albanian players in the pitch , if they consider Albanian players as fit to play . "  We can not regret a decision which we had not reached . It was inability to play , not refusal . "	Serbia and Albania both punished by UEFA following brawl in Euro 2016 qualifier Serbia awarded walkover but deducted three points Both teams fined $ 126,410 by UEFA Serbia to play next two European qualifiers behind closed doors
CNN  Two portraits have emerged of Boston Marathon terror suspect Dzhokhar Tsarnaev , whose trial begins Monday . There 's Tsarnaev the bloodied fugitive , captured by police with rifle lasers tagging his head as he surrendered from a tarp-covered boat in a homeowner 's backyard . That ended a massive manhunt for suspects four days after a pair of crude pressure-cooker bombs killed three people and injured 264 more . Prosecutors say the ideology of Islamic extremists motivated him and that he knew what he was doing when he planted a bomb at the marathon 's crowded finish line in April 2013 . Then there 's Tsarnaev smiling from the cover of Rolling Stone , a young man who prosecutors say fell under the sway of a manipulative older brother bent on jihad . Defense attorneys have suggested Tsarnaev was controlled by that brother , 26-year-old Tamerlan Tsarnaev , who was killed in a confrontation with police three days after the bombing . The younger drove over the older brother and escaped . Defense attorneys also have said the family 's history played a role in shaping Tsarnaev . They note that the family , of Chechen ethnicity , experienced difficulties dating to World War II , when Josef Stalin deported mass populations to central Asia . The death of Tamerlan Tsarnaev leaves Dzhokhar Tsarnaev , now 21 , to stand trial alone . Jury selection is scheduled to begin Monday in a trial that could last months . He has pleaded not guilty to more than 30 federal charges , including using and conspiring to use a weapon of mass destruction resulting in death . "  Prosecutors appear to have virtually incontrovertible evidence supporting their claim that Dzhokhar Tsarnaev and his brother , Tamerlan , planned and executed the Boston Marathon bombing , " said CNN legal analyst Paul Callan , a former prosecutor and defense attorney . "  The defense , on the other hand , will push for a more expansive ` War and Peace ' type presentation to create a narrative that paints Dzhokhar as the innocent pawn of a domineering older brother , " Callan added . "  A more expansive presentation of Dzhokhar 's family and psychological history is more likely to be seen during the sentencing phase if the jury returns a guilty verdict . " Read the indictment High-profile public defender Heightening the stakes is how the trial is a capital case , meaning that if a federal jury finds Tsarnaev guilty in the terror attack , he will face a separate proceeding on whether he should be executed . Seventeen of the charges carry the death penalty or a maximum of life in prison . "  There will be a guilt phase of this case , you know , whether the government proves beyond a reasonable doubt that Tsarnaev was the bomber , " CNN senior legal analyst Jeffrey Toobin said . If Tsarnaev is found guilty , "  then there will be a small , separate mini-trial " on whether he should receive the death penalty , Toobin added . If so , Tsarnaev will benefit from one of the most prominent attorneys in high-profile capital cases . She 's federal public defender Judy Clarke , whom Toobin described as "  a legendary death penalty defense lawyer . " Clarke fought for the lives of several notorious criminals , including "  Unabomber " Ted Kaczynski and Arizona rampage gunman Jared Lee Loughner , who seriously wounded former U.S. Rep. Gabrielle Giffords . Both received a life sentence with no chance for parole in exchange for guilty pleas . Learn more about Judy Clarke The Boston Marathon bombings were extensively photographed and videotaped . In fact , Tsarnaev 's legal team sought to relocate the trial outside Boston , but the court ruled no . As it turns out , holding the trial in Massachusetts ' capital city could carry an advantage for Tsarnaev if he faces a death penalty . Boston is a politically liberal city with strong opposition to the death penalty , analysts say . Prosecution : A ` mass destruction ' bomber In contrast to portrayals of Tsarnaev as a manipulated youngster from a troubled family , prosecutors cast him as a deliberate killer inspired by jihadi literature who inflicted terror at the Boston Marathon . Tsarnaev "  knowingly conspired with Tamerlan Tsarnaev to use a weapon of mass destruction " and "  knowingly and unlawfully delivered , placed , discharged and detonated an explosive " in public place , the indictment alleges . At the time of the attacks , Tsarnaev was a student at the University of Massachusetts-Dartmouth . His dorm room contained evidence on his computer and a backpack of fireworks that had been emptied of their powder , prosecutors allege . The brothers Tsarnaev began their plot at least two months before the attacks , the indictment says , when the elder sibling bought 48 mortars containing about eight pounds of explosive powder from a fireworks store in Seabrook , New Hampshire , in February 2013 . The younger Tsarnaev allegedly downloaded a copy of Inspire magazine , an English-language online publication of al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula , a terrorist organization based in Yemen . It contained detailed instructions on how to build an improvised explosive device with pressure cookers , explosive powder from fireworks , shrapnel and other materials , prosecutors charge . Dzhokhar Tsarnaev allegedly placed a backpack concealing one pressure cooker bomb in front of the Forum restaurant on Boylston Street . He then called his older brother on a cell phone . One minute after that phone call , the older brother allegedly detonated a bomb that he had planted , and , seconds later , the younger brother detonated the bomb he had planted , which killed two people , the indictment charges . After the bombing , the brothers killed a Massachusetts Institute of Technology police officer by shooting him in the head at close range , the indictment alleges . Writing on the wall When Dzhokhar Tsarnaev hid in the stowed boat in Watertown , Massachusetts , he wrote several incriminating declarations on an inside wall and its beams , according to the indictment : "  We Muslims are one body , you hurt one you hurt us all . "  Now I do n't like killing innocent people it is forbidden in Islam but due to said  unintelligible  it is allowed . "  Stop killing innocent people and we will stop . "  The U.S. Government is killing our innocent civilians . "  I ca n't stand to see such evil go unpunished . " His older brother was buried in a Muslim cemetery in Doswell , Virginia , after cemeteries in Massachusetts and elsewhere refused to bury him . ` Older brother as an all-powerful force ' Defense attorneys suggest in court documents that their client succumbed to his domineering older brother . The legal team does n't declare a defense strategy , but they paint a portrait of Dzhokhar Tsarnaev in a court motion in March arguing how the jury should hear evidence about relative culpability and whether the younger brother fell under the "  domination and control " of the elder one . Potential evidence could show the older brother as someone who "  induced or coerced his younger brother to help commit " the attacks , the defense team says in papers . The never-proved accusation that Tamerlan Tsarnaev participated in a 2011 triple murder whose victims included a close friend "  would powerfully support the inference that Dzhokhar experienced his older brother as an all-powerful force who could not be ignored or disobeyed , " court papers say . In making that assertion , the defense attorneys requested access to FBI interview notes with a friend of Tamerlan Tsarnaev , Ibragim Todashev , who was killed by an FBI agent a month after the bombings . The agent was questioning Todashev about the older Tsarnaev . An environment of ` fear , suspicion and fear ' The defense attorneys also point to how the family patriarch 's emotional and mental health issues may have adversely affected both brothers . In seeking the disclosure of the family 's U.S. political asylum files and other evidence , the attorneys address how "  favorable mitigation evidence bearing on a capital defendant 's formative environment and mental functioning can take many forms . " That includes "  psychological domination of one family member , " "  evidence of pervasive and longstanding distortions of reality that controlling members of a family impose upon the family unit as a whole " and "  growing up in a close environment of pretense , suspicion and fear . " For example , Tsarnaev 's father , Anzor , "  had been arbitrarily arrested and tortured in the family 's home country of Kyrgyzstan " and "  had a well-founded fear of further persecution justifying political asylum in the United States , " the defense states in court papers . Father 's ` mental and physical afflictions ' on sons Even before that , forebears of the Tsarnaev family had been deported during World War II to a remote region of central Asia by Stalin , then leader of the Soviet Union , defense court papers say . Dzhokhar Tsarnaev 's immediate family hailed originally from the Russian republic of Chechnya but fled warfare in the 1990s to move to neighboring Russian republics . The family then relocated to the United States . "  The profoundly destabilizing effect on Anzor 's post-traumatic stress disorder and his other mental and physical afflictions on the Tsarnaev family 's life in America is a critical part of the developmental histories of both of Anzor 's sons , " defense papers argued . U.S. District Judge George A. O'Toole Jr. largely disagreed , however . He rejected the defense motion to compel the discovery of the asylum documents and other materials , but said he would review the FBI files to determine "  what will be produced to the defendant . "	Prosecutors portray Dzhokhar Tsarnaev as willful conspirator of mass destruction Defense say his older brother was "  an all-powerful force who could not be ignored " Trial is scheduled to begin with jury selection on Monday
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- President Obama is planning to sign an executive order Monday to overturn Bush-era policy that limited federal tax dollars for embryonic stem cell research , according to administration officials familiar with the deliberations . President Obama will overturn Bush policy on embryonic stem cell research , administration officials say . Obama 's move will be hailed by advocates for those suffering from a host of afflictions , ranging from diabetes to Parkinson 's disease , who believe that an expansion of stem-cell research could boost medical progress toward eradicating the debilitating diseases . But many conservatives object to the destruction of human embryos because they contend that it ends a human life . The officials said the administration is planning a Monday event at the White House at which Obama will overturn the executive order signed by President George W. Bush in August 2001 . It barred the National Institutes of Health from funding research on embryonic stem cells beyond using 60 cell lines that existed at that time . Interactive : Unlocking the promise of stem cells " Tony Perkins of the conservative Family Research Council accused the White House of leaking the details Friday night so that the move gets little attention , declaring that it is "  a slap in the face to Americans who believe in the dignity of all human life . " House Minority Leader John Boehner , R-Ohio , said , "  Advancements in science and research have moved faster than the debates among politicians in Washington , D.C. , and breakthroughs announced in recent years confirm the full potential of stem cell research can be realized without the destruction of living human embryos . " In addition to signing the executive order , Bush twice vetoed legislation -- in July 2006 and June 2007 -- that would have expanded federally funded embryonic stem cell research . At the time , Bush also argued that scientific advances allowed researchers to conduct groundbreaking research without destroying human embryos . Bush 's moves led to Democratic charges that he had put politics over science .	NEW : Critic says move is "  a slap in the face " to many Americans Bush-era policy on stem cell research to be reversed , officials say Officials say the administration is planning a Monday event at the White House
CNN  -- Istanbul may be two millennia old , but there 's nothing dated about its cultural scene . While the domed city is best known for its ancient attractions , it 's also buzzing with a vibrant contemporary arts and design scene . Modern galleries , late-night music venues and chic fashion boutiques have cropped up in recent years , and Istanbul 's status as a 2010 European Capital of Culture has given it a platform to showcase its vitality . CNN explores some of the most exciting hotspots of this global center of cool , from cutting-edge art galleries and boutiques to the clubs and lounges that make Istanbul a city that never sleeps . SEE : The first private museum showing modern and contemporary art exhibitions in Turkey , the Istanbul Modern has been at the forefront of the city 's contemporary art movement since it opened in 2004 . Occupying a former warehouse on the shores of the Bosphorus , it displays work from its permanent collection as well as organizes temporary exhibitions . A retrospective of Turkish designer Hussein Chalayan is currently being shown as part of the city 's Capital of Culture program . Mixing old with new , Pera Museum is another must-stop . In addition to its permanent collection of traditional tiles and ceramics , it hosts a number of modern exhibitions throughout the year . A number of smaller galleries in the city are fostering up-and-coming Turkish talent . Spaces to watch include x-ist and Dirimart , both of which are located in the trendy Nisantasi quarter . Garajinstanbul , an international non-profit performing arts center , reflects the city 's cosmopolitan bent . It collaborates with artists from around the world and is dedicated to fostering "  the new " in theater , music and dance . A prime example is the company 's production of "  Cihangir Insomnia . " Involving actors from across Europe , the show uses a mixture of dialogue , video and music to tell the story of Istanbul 's funkiest district . Read more about Istanbul 's bohemian quarter of Cihangir LISTEN : A resurgence of alternative music venues means there 's no shortage of places to check out live gigs . For a hipster , world music vibe , chill out at Ghetto music lounge , which plays host to a number of local and international bands . Visit Nardis for jazz beats , and for an eclectic mix of sounds , check out infamous cafe Badehane , which features everything from local gypsy music to edgy new rock bands . If you are n't sure what you 're in the mood for , there 's always Salon . Located in a newly restored building , it hosts a variety of jazz , rock and classical concerts , as well as Monday night theater , art exhibitions and literary talks . Have varied music tastes ? So does Babylon . One of the most popular live music venues in Istanbul , it features a variety of acts , from electronica and jazz to world music , indie pop and reggae . A guide to Istanbul 's best Turkish restaurants SHOP : Innovative Turkish designers have gained an international following in recent years , and their boutique fashion labels can easily be found in Istanbul . Designer Umit Unal has established his private atelier in the city , while veteran of European runways Arzu Kaprol 's couture showroom overlooks the Bosphorus . For a twist on tradition , Gonul Paksoy uses naturally hand-dyed fabrics in his reinterpretations of classical Ottoman design . CNN 's Yesim Comert contributed to this report .	A 2010 European Capital of Culture , Istanbul is a city of the moment Its ancient sights are a must-see , but so are its modern art galleries and music clubs Istanbul Modern and Garajinstanbul are at the forefront of the contemporary arts movement
CNN  -- Music manager Allen Klein , whose clients included the Rolling Stones and the Beatles , died Saturday after a lengthy battle with Alzheimer 's disease , his publicist said . Klein was 77 . The son of Jewish immigrants from Hungary , Klein founded his firm Allen Klein & Co. in the late 1950s before the label evolved into ABKCO Music & Records in New York . The independent label holds the copyrights to music by the Rolling Stones , Sam Cooke , the Animals , the Kinks , Chubby Checker , Bobby Womack and hundreds of others . Klein represented dozens of artists , including Sam Cooke , the Animals , Bobby Darin and Herman 's Hermits . He changed the music industry when he represented Sam Cooke in negotiations with RCA , winning the artist control of his own master recordings . Known for a tenacious and often blunt style in negotiations , Klein 's greatest coups were inking contracts with the Rolling Stones and the Beatles , though both relationships ended in legal battles . ABKCO built up a catalog of copyrights to more than 2,000 songs , including much of the Stones ' 1960s catalog . Klein retained ownership of those titles even after splitting with the Stones . In 1969 , John Lennon persuaded the other Beatles that Klein should take over the group 's business affairs , but Paul McCartney resisted the move and some music historians say the appointment hastened the Beatles ' split . Lennon later fell out with Klein , who was thought to be the target of the former Beatle 's 1974 song "  Steel and Glass . " Defending his tough style , Klein told Playboy magazine in 1971 : "  The music business is about 99 percent no-talent losers who ca n't stand a winner in their midst . " In 1971 , Klein worked with George Harrison to organize the "  Concert for Bangladesh " at Madison Square Garden , one of the first major benefit concerts of the rock era . Ringo Starr was among the all-stars who performed at the concert . Late in his career , Klein agreed to license a sample of a Rolling Stones song to the British group the Verve for their hit single "  Bittersweet Symphony . " But after the song was released , ABKCO successfully argued in court that the Verve had used too much of the sample and won 100 percent of the song 's royalties . Klein is survived by his wife Betty , their three children and four grandchildren . Services will be held in New York on Tuesday .	Allen Klein , who inked contracts for dozens of musicians , dies at age 77 Klein 's company , ABKCO , built up catalog of copyrights to more than 2,000 songs Known for his tough negotiating style , many blame Klein for the Beatles ' break-up
Perugia , Italy  CNN  -- The lawyer for Meredith Kercher 's family showed photos of the British murder victim 's bloodied body Monday , pointing out multiple stab wounds , as he urged an Italian jury not to overturn the murder convictions of Amanda Knox and Rafaelle Sollecito . "  I show you these pictures to show you the pain of Meredith , " Francesco Maresca said . "  She did n't have defensive wounds . It means that she was tied up , that she had more than one aggressor , " the lawyer said . "  Given the type , number and locations of the wounds , there had to be multiple attackers , " he insisted . He attacked as "  useless " a review of DNA evidence that may cast doubt on the original convictions . American student Knox and her former boyfriend Sollecito were convicted of the killing in 2009 and are now fighting to have the verdicts overturned . Knox was sentenced to 26 years in prison , while Sollecito got 25 . A third man , Rudy Guede , was convicted separately and is serving 16 years . Knox and Sollecito 's defense teams have suggested he could have been the sole killer . Lawyers for the civil suits related to the case presented their closing arguments Monday . Knox avoided looking at the photographs of Kercher 's body as they were shown . Another lawyer called Knox two-faced and "  diabolical . " "  Within her lives a double soul : one which is angelic , good , compassionate ... tender and ingenuous , " Carlo Pacelli said . But she had another side , he said : "  And a Lucifer-like , demonic , satanic , diabolical one which sometimes leads her to borderline and dissolute behavior , " saying that was the Knox who had killed her roommate . Pacelli sought to portray Knox as sexually promiscuous and a difficult roommate as he fights for damages for Patrick Lumumba . His closing arguments were based on earlier testimony by friends of Kercher 's . Curt Knox , Amanda Knox 's father , said the language used by the lawyer "  was extraordinarily hard to listen to . " "  What I find very hard to believe is how this person can start calling her that when he 's never even talked to her , never met her , " Curt Knox told CNN 's Brooke Baldwin on Monday night . Knox accused Lumumba of the murder in 2007 . He was arrested but released after his alibi checked out . He later sued Knox for libel , winning 40,000 euros  $ 54,000  in damages . Knox 's accusation of Lumumba shows that she committed the crime , Pacelli argued . "  Knox told lies , " he said , adding that she was guilty and her conviction should stand . He urged the court not to "  fall under the spell of the defendant " but to "  stick to the proof . " Knox testified in the initial trial that comments she made to police the night of the killing were the result of stress , mistreatment by police and inadequate translation help . Lawyers are making closing arguments this week , and a verdict could come as soon as October 3 . Curt Knox said the defense will begin presenting its final arguments Tuesday , "  and I think we 're going to see a very different picture of what this case is all about , and so will the world . " "  What we saw and what we heard in the first three hearings is really all circumstantial evidence , " Curt Knox said . "  When it really comes down to the nuts and bolts of this case , you 're going to hear in the next couple of days there really is no forensic case . " Knox was in court Monday , wearing an off-white top and black hooded sweater as the months-long process nears its conclusion . Curt Knox said his daughter has had trouble sleeping and has lost weight in recent weeks . "  These two judges and six jurors really have her life in their hands , and these last three hearings have been extraordinarily hard , " he said . Sollecito was also present at Monday 's hearing , with his hair cut short . He wore a long-sleeved shirt with a geometric pattern . The defense has sought to discredit DNA evidence linking the two of them to the killing , in which Kercher 's throat was slashed . Her semi-clothed body was found in the house they shared in Perugia , a picturesque central Italian university town . An Italian prosecutor put forward a vigorous defense in closing arguments Saturday of the DNA evidence used to find her guilty . Prosecutor Manuela Comodi rejected testimony from independent forensics experts that cast doubt on the reliability of the evidence , insisting police forensic officers had handled the DNA material properly . And she urged the court to increase Knox and Sollecito 's sentences to life . Comodi 's appearance came on the second day of closing arguments for prosecutors in the appeal . On Saturday , she told jurors that the original court had concluded "  beyond any reasonable doubt " that blood from both Knox and Kercher found in the bathroom sink had been left there when Knox washed herself after the killing . The prosecutor also pointed to a partial footprint with Kercher 's blood found on a bathroom mat , saying analysis had shown that it was most likely to have been left by Sollecito . He and Knox say they were at Sollecito 's house on the night Kercher died , not the villa the two girls shared . But Maresca disputed that Monday , calling their claim the "  false alibi . " Under Italian law , he said , in a trial based on circumstantial evidence , a defendant 's alibi that turns out to be false can be used against them . The computer from Sollecito 's house showed no activity on the night in question , he said , suggesting that he and Knox were not there . Defense attorneys for Sollecito are expected to present their final arguments Tuesday , to be followed by Knox 's attorneys Thursday . Knox will be allowed to address the court one more time before the jury begins its deliberations , an opportunity her father says she has been thinking about the past three months . "  This is really her final opportunity to express her heartfelt thoughts as it relates to how she 's being judged and the fact that she had nothing to do with this horrific crime and that Meredith was her friend , " Curt Knox said . Knox and Sollecito are appealing their convictions together , having been convicted in a joint trial . CNN 's Hada Messia contributed to this report .	A lawyer calls Amanda Knox two-faced , with a "  diabolical " side Another lawyer shows the court photos of the victim 's bloodied body Knox and Raffaele Sollecito are fighting their murder convictions Their lawyers are due to make final arguments this week
Denver  CNN  -- A Colorado man faces a murder charge in what he initially said was an accidental fatal fall by his second wife on a 12th wedding anniversary outing , and now authorities also are re-examining the circumstances of his first wife 's death . Harold Henthorn , 58 , appeared before a federal judge in Denver on Thursday to face a first-degree murder charge in the death of Toni Henthorn , who died after falling off a cliff in Rocky Mountain National Park in September 2012 . The couple , who met through a Christian dating website , was enjoying an anniversary getaway and reportedly hiking in steep and rocky terrain when Toni Henthorn plunged 40 to 50 feet to her death , according to park officials and Toni Henthorn 's family . Authorities have n't disclosed any motives . Toni Henthorn was insured for $ 4.5-million under three life insurance policies , probate court records show . The documents also state that a claim was sent on one of those policies on October 1 , 2012 , two days after Toni Henthorn 's death . However , no payment was made . The couple also had a daughter , who is now 9 , said Toni Henthorn 's brother Todd Bertolet . Harold Henthorn said his wife 's death came when she slipped while taking a picture . Coroner 's conclusion However , an autopsy showed Toni Henthorn died from multiple blunt force injuries after tumbling face first over a ledge "  when she fell or was pushed down a cliff , " the coroner wrote . "  Homicide can not be excluded . " A federal indictment says Harold Henthorn "  willfully , deliberately , maliciously , and with premeditation and malice " killed Toni Henthorn , a 50-year-old ophthalmologist . Henthorn was arrested outside his suburban Denver home without incident Thursday morning after dropping his daughter off at school , the culmination of a more than two-year investigation that involved the National Park Service , the Federal Bureau of Investigation and the Douglas County Sheriff 's Office . Defense attorney 's statement The arrest was a long time coming for family members , who have had their suspicions , the brother said . "  It was a day we were looking forward to , " Bertolet said . Bertolet said the family was immediately suspicious about the death because Harold Henthorn kept changing his story about what happened . "  I think there are four or five versions of the story he told , " said Bertolet . Harold Henthorn 's attorney , Craig Truman , did n't want to talk about the cases outside the courtroom , but provided a statement to CNN , which said , "  I 'm sure when all the facts are known in this difficult and complex case , that justice will be done . " Authorities are now re-investigating the 1995 death of Harold Henthorn 's first wife , Sandra Lynn Henthorn . First wife 's death At that time , the couple was driving on a rural road about 10 miles outside Sedalia , Colorado , when Henthorn pulled over on a gravel shoulder to check a tire . According to the autopsy report , Sandra Lynn Henthorn may have been looking under the car for a lug nut when the jack slipped and the car crashed down , pinning her underneath . She was rushed to the hospital and underwent surgery , but did not survive . "  We can only say that there is an open , active investigation into the death of his first wife , " said Deborah Sherman , a spokeswoman for the Douglas County Sheriff 's Office . "  We ca n't release anything else because of the investigation . " Bertolet said it was n't until after his sister 's death that his family learned the details surrounding the death of Harold Henthorn 's first wife . "  We knew he had been married previously . But he told us that she had died during a car accident . There 's a big difference between a car crash and a car falling on you , " Bertolet said . "  I think if my sister had known the complete background on this guy , she never would have been with him , " he added . His ` dominant ' personality His sister was living in Mississippi when she met Henthorn on the Internet , and he was in Colorado , Bertolet said . She sold her practice in Mississippi to be with Henthorn in Colorado . Harold Henthorn said he was a businessman who owned a company , but Bertolet said no one in the family really knows what he did . Bertolet said Harold Henthorn controlled the couple 's finances . Bertolet questioned his sister 's relationship with Henthorn , adding that he seemed like a very controlling person . "  He was so dominant over my sister and the child . It was almost like whatever he said , went , " Bertolet said . If convicted in the death of Toni Henthorn , Harold Henthorn faces life in prison without parole and up to a $ 250,000 fine . He is scheduled to be arraigned on the murder charge on November 12 , which is also a detention hearing . CNN 's Michael Martinez contributed to this report .	NEW : A claim was filed on second wife 's life insurance two days after her death Murder charge in second wife 's death leads police to re-examine first wife 's death Harold Henthorn says his second wife had a fatal fall on 12th wedding anniversary First wife Sandra Lynn Henthorn died when a car jack slipped , crushing her beneath car
CNN Student News  -- February 25 , 2011 Media Literacy Question of the Day How do you think that images in the media of athletes from diverse backgrounds may empower young people ? * * Where in the world ? -- You 've heard many different places mentioned this week on CNN Student News . Show you know your news by identifying the location described in each clue . Write your answers in the space provided . Click here for a PDF version of this Newsquiz . 1 . This U.S. city 's National Hockey League team , the Thrashers , has four African-American players on its roster . * * 2 . Colonel Moammar Gadhafi 's government has lost control of some areas in the eastern portion of this country . * * 3 . Some lawmakers in Indiana and this other Midwestern U.S. state fled to other states to prevent votes on budget cuts and union issues . * * 4 . This African nation has lifted a 19-year-old state of emergency . * * 5 . This U.S. city 's plan to close almost half of its public schools may lead to larger class sizes . * * 6 . This New Zealand city was badly shaken by a deadly 6.3-magnitude earthquake . * * 7 . Pirates operating off the coast of Somalia often use mother ships to move further out into this ocean . * * 8 . On its final flight , the space shuttle Discovery is delivering equipment to this destination . * * 9 . This country 's king met with opposition leaders who are calling for the government 's Sunni rulers to step down . * * 10 . The United States is trying to evacuate American citizens from Tripoli , Libya to this island nation . * *	Use the weekly Newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on CNN Student News You 've heard many different places mentioned this week on CNN Student News Show you know your news by identifying the location described in each clue Write your answers in the space provided Today 's Newsquiz includes the Media Literacy Question of the Day
CNN  -- "  You can hear the horse hold its breath over the jump . " Dennis Baxter has been listening to sounds for so long , he even listens to their absence . Baxter is not only a sound man , but "  The Sound Man . " His engineering helped form the beating , surround-sound heart of the revolution in televised sports coverage . "  If you listen carefully , " he continues , narrating , "  you can hear the rider talking to the animal . "  Maybe a few choice words . " Baxter is best-known for his work at the Olympic Games , tackling the timbre of dozens of disciplines to captivate global audiences , winning multiple Emmy Awards . He is the man who first gave you the sound of arrows fizzing through the air in archery , thanks to his brainwave of microphones between the archer and the target . More recently , his was the idea to place microphones beneath the wooden velodrome surface , to intercept the rumbling of Olympic track cyclists in action . Baxter 's job is to find the defining sounds of a given sport , and bring them to your TV in the finest detail . He believes that while most people think they are watching TV , how they listen defines their experience . "  The details really bring people in , " he explains . "  TV is consumed in a casual way . Rarely do you sit with full focus on the screen -- you 're usually there with your family , or your friends , and you 're talking . "  It 's the sound that brings you back into the show . The detail pulls the audience back in . "  The thing I like most about equestrian is that detail in the coverage . The little , bitty micro-sounds of the horses and the riders . "  You can close your eyes and hear the image of a horse . There is so much there . " Ask most people for the sound they most readily associate with equestrian sport , and the chances are it will be the hollow clang of a jump clattering to the floor . To capture that sound , Baxter uses an array of small , wireless microphones attached to the jumps on the course . Alongside those , sets of microphones normally used to record singers are placed around the edges of the arena to sample the hubbub of the crowd .  But never close enough to record your conversation . Back in the broadcast truck , a sound mixer then has the job of seamlessly threading between these dozens of microphones to create the finished TV experience . "  The jumps are interesting because when they fall to the ground , it 's never a flat fall , " says Baxter , as though describing an artwork hanging in a gallery , or a fine wine . "  There 's a nice , resonant sound with an echoing tone . The camera may not be on that moment but , when you hear that sound , you know exactly what has happened . "  But then -- and I 've thought about this recently -- you have to decide if you want to have a constant barrage of sound or a coming-and-going . We give the sound a chance to breathe between the jumps . The more you listen , the more natural it sounds . " Like the horse holding its breath , Baxter is a fan of quiet as much as he admires sound . That extends to voices . "  Music today is so compressed that it never really breathes , and I hate to see television get that way , " he complains . "  It does bother me that everything is driven by the narrator . You need to tell the commentator to shut up , and let 's just listen . " The commentator , as it happens , concurs . "  I totally agree , " says Steven Wilde , one of the world 's leading showjumping commentators . "  I listen to a lot of different sports -- including our own sport and how it 's presented in different countries -- and it 's definitely possible to talk too much . You do n't have to talk over every inch of it . " Yet if you are watching at home , Wilde 's voice is as much a part of the soundtrack as Baxter 's breath-holding horse . "  I grew up helping out at some shows . I used to be the man on the public address system . ` Please keep your dogs on a leash , ' etc. . Then somebody asked why did n't I try commentating , " Wilde recalls . "  I was naturally a very shy person , it was the last thing I expected ever to be doing . But you take on a persona , I suppose . " Wilde now travels the globe , talking about horses for a living at the sport 's biggest events . "  One of the main challenges is keeping it fresh , " he admits . "  If you 're seeing the same top riders all the time , you want to keep up to speed on them . News changes so fast now , so you 're reading the internet all the time , looking at Twitter . "  That side generally takes a lot more time than people think . Today , for example , I 've been at the show  in Los Angeles  chatting to everyone and getting more depth on how the horse is going , what they 're doing socially . "  That gives me more color than picking up a piece of paper that simply says what they won at the Olympics . "  The hard part is not talking , it 's preparing . " You now have Baxter 's carefully crafted natural sound of the event , dozens of microphones mixed into a delicate blend , lapping softly below Wilde 's narrative . There is at least one more element , though : music . Not a feature in jumping , music is a required component in sister sport dressage . The freestyle routine , widely regarded as the climax of any major dressage event , demands that rider and horse move in precise harmony around an arena , executing precision maneuvers to a soundtrack of their choosing . Once , comparatively little thought was given to the music used . Now , dressage composition is an industry in its own right . Tom Hunt composed the freestyle score to which Britain 's Charlotte Dujardin won Olympic dressage gold at the London 2012 Olympics . "  The Olympics was the culmination of a lot of things , but making it was quite stressful , " says Hunt of his patriotic theme , featuring "  Land of Hope and Glory . " "  At the Olympics , we had to do that -- and it was quite regimented , in a way . "  I had the most fun with the last freestyle I did with Charlotte  for this season  . We could try some different styles of music . " Composing the music requires a degree of precision you might not expect . Hunt uses video analysis to fine-tune the rhythm and tempo of his composition , ensuring it precisely matches the expected movement of the horse at each stage . Sometimes , he will never meet the rider or horse for whom he is composing , working purely from video . "  For a rider like Charlotte Dujardin , " he adds , "  I 'll go down and watch Charlotte ride around , I 'll take several videos , and I 'll go back again to go through the music with her . "  It takes a few visits to see the horse , get the footage , take it away and work with it . "  Sometimes , the riders give me free rein with the music . The top riders often have a clearer idea of what they want , and that can help the process but it can also hinder it . " Hunt got started when he finished his music degree and found himself watching dressage on TV .  "  When I saw it , it did n't seem like the music was fitting , " he remembers .  Now , he is excited for the future . "  There 's a lot going on in freestyle at the minute , " he says . "  It 's really developing and I want to see how it progresses over the next five to 10 years . "  People are getting better music and I think the judging will probably change , so it 'll be quite an interesting thing to be involved with . "  It 's getting to be a big part of the sport -- it 's getting the crowds , and people acknowledge the music more . It makes the sport more accessible . " Baxter , too , is looking ahead . "  Wireless microphones on anything that moves , in any competition whatsoever , is the future , " he declares . He sounds only half-joking when he adds : "  We 're the ones paying for this . We 're the ones who 've got to put our foot down to these spoiled athletes and say , ` You know what ? You 've got to make it a show , you 've got to earn your money . ' "  We 've been asking to put microphones onto the athletes , and the horses . We 've not been successful yet , but I think , pretty soon , we will be . " On the horses ? "  Absolutely . Absolutely . "	Sound engineer Dennis Baxter helped revolutionize TV sports coverage Baxter uses dozens of microphones to capture detail of equestrian sport He prefers commentators to keep quiet -- and commentators often agree Dressage riders get music custom-made using video analysis
Health.com  -- Older women have a slightly increased risk of dying at an earlier age if they take multivitamins or certain other dietary supplements , according to a new study published today in the Archives of Internal Medicine . Of the 15 supplements included in the study , iron was most strongly linked to an increased risk of earlier death . Women who took iron supplements were 10 % more likely to die during the 22-year study than women who did not take them , even after the researchers controlled for several other health and demographic factors . Folic acid , vitamin B6 , magnesium , zinc , copper , and multivitamins were also associated with an increased risk of earlier death . Calcium was the only supplement associated with a lower risk of death during the study . "  I do n't think we really know enough to be prescribing supplements , " says David Jacobs Jr. , Ph.D. , the senior author of the study and a professor of public health at the University of Minnesota , in Minneapolis . Jacobs stresses , however , that people who have been prescribed dietary supplements for a specific vitamin or nutrient deficiency should not stop taking them without consulting their doctor . Health.com : Which vitamins do you need ? The study -- which shows only an association , not cause and effect -- has some key shortcomings . The researchers measured supplement intake using questionnaires that relied on the memory of the participants , for instance . In addition , the researchers do n't know whether the women were taking supplements for a health problem . The increases in death risk might therefore be due to underlying health conditions rather than the supplements themselves , says Susan Fisher , Ph.D. , a professor of community and preventive medicine at the University of Rochester Medical Center , in Rochester , N.Y. "  People -LSB- often -RSB- go to the vitamin store because they feel something is n't right -- their memory is slipping , they do n't have as much energy , " says Fisher , who was not involved in the new study . "  These could be subconscious symptoms of a disease that is eventually going to take their life . " Health.com : Heart trouble ? 30 herbal remedies to avoid The use of dietary supplements has exploded in the United States in recent decades . According to the study , roughly half of all adults reported taking supplements in 2000 . The rates were even higher among the 38,772 women in Iowa who participated in the study . Sixty-three percent were taking at least one supplement when the study began , in 1986 , but by 2004 that number had jumped to 85 % . And more than one-quarter of those women reported taking four or more supplements on a regular basis . The women were 62 years old at the beginning of the study , on average , and none had chronic health conditions  with the exception of diabetes and high blood pressure  . Just over 40 % of the women had died by the time the study ended in 2008 . Women who took calcium -- which is known to reduce the risk of bone fractures associated with aging -- were 9 % less likely to die during the study than women who did not take it , but most of the other supplements were associated with an increased risk of death . Some supplements , including beta-carotene , vitamins A and C , and selenium , did n't appear to affect death risk either way . Health.com : 11 foods for healthy bones However , the increases in death risk  or decrease , in the case of calcium  were extremely small and may not be clinically meaningful , says Mary L. Chavez , a professor of pharmacy practice at the Texas A&M Health Science Center , in Kingsville . Several factors besides supplement use may have shaped the results . Fisher points out , for instance , that the use of hormone therapy to treat the symptoms of menopause was nearly twice as common among supplement users as among nonusers . Some forms of hormone therapy have been linked to an increased risk of heart disease and breast cancer . The researchers did take hormone therapy into account in their analysis , along with several other potentially mitigating factors  including age , educational attainment , body mass index , diet , and physical activity  . But the wide disparity in hormone use between supplement users and nonusers may indicate that the two groups of women were different in subtle yet important ways , Fisher says . Health.com : Can supplements ease menopause symptoms ? "  People choosing to take -LSB- hormone -RSB- replacement therapy often have underlying different characteristics and lifestyle behaviors , which you ca n't necessarily balance out with a mathematical model , " she says . It 's not clear that the study results apply to the population of older women as a whole . The study participants were white and tended to live in rural areas , so the findings ca n't necessarily be generalized to other races and geographic areas . Still , the study is a reminder that supplements may not be as harmless as they seem , Fisher says . "  Taking more of what we think is a good thing may not be so good , " she says . "  High levels of nutrient supplements may be harmful , or at least not helpful . " Copyright Health Magazine 2011	The use of dietary supplements has exploded in the United States in recent decades Folic acid , vitamin B6 , magnesium , zinc and copper pose an increased risk Iron was most strongly linked to an increased risk of earlier death -- calcium was the least Increases in death risk were extremely small and may not be clinically meaningful
CNN  -- Much of the Central Plains and Midwest braced for another day of potentially severe weather as residents of Oklahoma cleaned up from a deadly outbreak of tornadoes this week . The National Weather Service said severe thunderstorms were possible Wednesday across large sections of Oklahoma , Kansas and Missouri , as well as parts of Arkansas , Kentucky , Illinois and Indiana . The Storm Prediction Center in Norman , Oklahoma , forecast an outbreak of powerful thunderstorms in the late afternoon and into the evening -- some with large hail . The deadly storm system that swept through Oklahoma on Monday spawned multiple tornadoes and dropped softball-sized hail . Two people died and more than 100 people were treated for various injuries , the state Department of Emergency Management reported . Gov. Brad Henry took an aerial tour of one of the hardest hit areas Tuesday afternoon . "  I lost track of the number of damaged and destroyed homes that we saw , " Henry said . "  Literally hundreds and , I think , thousands of homes have received damaged in these storms , and many , many of those homes have been destroyed . "  Even though central Oklahoma was the hardest hit , this storm really was a statewide event , and there is damage and destruction throughout the state , " he said . The governor said Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano assured him "  that FEMA would act very , very quickly on our request for a presidential disaster  declaration  and federal aid . " iReport : Are you there ? Share photos , video State emergency officials said more than 100 homes were destroyed and another 70 sustained major damage . Additionally , 43 businesses were destroyed .	Oklahoma expected to see more severe weather on Wednesday Last storm system brought multiple tornadoes , softball-sized hail Hundreds of homes have been damaged by storms
Washington  CNN  They are the care-givers who help nurse our nation 's wounded warriors back to health , and some level of self-reliance . And until CNN got involved , the Department of Defense was about to significantly cut their reimbursements for lodging , meals , and incidentals , which allow them to do their important work . "  My job  was  to be with my son pretty much 24/7 , " Morgen Hummel , the mother of Sgt. Adam Hartswick , told CNN . Hartswick , an Army senior combat medic , lost both his legs after an improvised explosive device detonated under him in Zhari Province , Afghanistan , in 2013 . "  Not only did my son lose his legs ... but then financially if you got to worry about -- is my house going to be here when I get back from tending to my son , that 's a double whammy , " Hummel said . The Department of Defense reimbursement allowed Hummel to leave her job to care for her son , "  and not worry that I could n't pay my mortgage when I came back . " The Pentagon classifies caregivers such as Hummel as NMAs , or "  non-medical attendants . " They are sometimes family , or friends , or others , who work with troops who have been severely wounded , often with missing limbs or debilitating brain injuries . They treat their wounds , help them re-learn how to stand , or walk , or speak , and nurse them to as much independence as they can achieve . All this was at risk when a Pentagon rule went into effect on Nov. 1 , 2014 , that sought to eliminate $ 22 million from the budget by discouraging excessive travel for both uniformed and civilian employees of the Department of Defense . That rule would have cut the per diem to 55 % reimbursement for lodging , meals and incidental expenses for those whose work extended beyond six months , or 181 days . Obviously , the work done by these NMAs can last far beyond half a year . One wounded warrior , worried that the rule change would cost him his caregiver and thus risk his recovery , reached out to CNN . We in turn contacted the Pentagon , demanding to know why these crucial funds were being cut . To its tremendous credit , the Pentagon acknowledged the problem and fixed it immediately . The original rule was an attempt to discourage unnecessary travel , a spokesperson for Pentagon told CNN , but NMAs got swept up in the rule inadvertently . "  We want to thank you Jake and CNN for bringing it to our attention because we had not seen this unintended consequence of what was , in every other respect a very sound an judicious financial policy . But you brought it to our attention , " Pentagon spokesman Rear Admiral John Kirby told us . "  And we were able to get it changed within a week . " NMAs will continue to be reimbursed as long as they need to be , and those NMAs affected by the November 2014 budget rule will be able to claim back money spent during that time . What would have happened to attendants , and the wounded warriors for whom NMAs care without that funding ? "  I would have had to leave Adam and I think his dad would have , too , " Hummel speculates . "  We would n't have been able to stay with Adam and I 'm sure he would n't be as far along in his recovery and I would say that for anybody . They need that help , they really do . " NMAs take up temporary residence wherever wounded warriors , still in the military , are cared for : at Walter Reed Medical Center , at Brooke Army Medical Center  BAMC  , at Madigan Army Medical Center , Navy Medical Center San Diego , at the Air Force 59th Medical Wing , Joint Base San Antonio , Texas . When the troops transition out of the military , so too do their caregivers . Because numbers are kept on an installation level , it is difficult to pull together a full number of NMAs . There are currently 69 at Walter Reed , many of whom are there for more than 30 days . BAMC , Madigan , and Balboa have 22 NMAs , including 17 long-term . After Staff Sgt. John Faulkenberry had his right leg shot off during the Battle of Saret Koleh in Nuristan Province , Afghanistan , in July 2007 , his wife Sarah had to quit her job as an event planner in Midland , Texas , and move to a modest hotel on the grounds of Walter Reed for 10 months . The per diem reimbursements as an NMA "  gave me the freedom to solely focus on him and his recovery , " she tells CNN . "  You want to help them become independent , " she says of her mission . But it was a long haul . Faulkenberry had dozens of surgeries on his leg as doctors constantly had to clean the wound , trying to save as much of it as they could . She helped him with daily living activities , getting food , using the rest room , and making appointments . She became trained in wound care and changing his bandages ; she learned how to administer shots to deal with his blood clots ; she was taught how to administer IV antibiotics to help him with his infections so he did n't have to stay in the hospital . She says she ca n't imagine going through that with added financial stresses . "  You do n't need to be worrying about that sitting next to your husband who saw two guys killed and is bleeding everywhere , " she says . It 's even more difficult , Sarah says , for parents of wounded warriors who become NMAs , who do n't get the military salaries that couples get . Such as Morgen Hummel who continues to care for her son Sgt. Adam Hartswick . "  At first we pretty much marathoned it with Adam . We would stay there from sunrise to sunset , and beyond , " Hummel said . "  Having your mom there is important , " Hartswick said . "  And having my dad there to , you know , wake me up in the middle of the night and keep me calm , that was vital to my recovery . " Hartswick has made great strides in regaining his independence . He is now out of the hospital , and even dating . Now , with these funds restored , families like Hartswick 's will be able to continue the journey back from battle , together .	NMAs , or "  non-medical attendants " work with troops who have been severely wounded The Department of Defense was about to significantly cut funding for NMAs helping nurse our nation 's wounded warriors CNN contacted the Pentagon , demanding to know why these crucial funds were being cut The Pentagon acknowledged the problem and fixed it immediately
Shanghai  CNN  -- Thirty years ago , the mention of a social ball would have made most Chinese cringe -- it was regarded as a typical derivative of capitalism . However this year , Shanghai hosted its first International Debutante Ball , and an invitation to the high-society event is becoming the new status symbol in the city . Ricky Gong , 39 , a Shanghai-born beauty contest organizer , was one of 150 guests who sipped champagne under chandeliers at the invitation-only event held in January . "  The ball was elegant , noble and very ceremonial , " he says . "  It had a very strong upper-class feeling . " Now , a second ball is on its way . In the West , a debutante ball is the "  coming-out party " for daughters of the rich , famed and powerful . In the Shanghai Waldorf Astoria 's colonial-style ballroom , Gong witnessed 13 ladies making their debut into high society , donning traditional white gowns and dripping with RMB 60 million  US$ 9.5 million  worth of jewelry and tiaras . This is one of Shanghai 's most luxurious venues . A dinner for two could easily run to RMB 1,000  US$ 158  , about one-third of the monthly salary of an average Chinese person . Gong says he enjoyed it . "  The event is good for shaping the elite class of socialism , " he explains . "  Our society needs elites like  the debutantes  to help build positive social morality and establish correct values . " Up until the mid-1980s , Communist China regarded farmers and workers as the noblest people of all . "  In today 's mainland China , there are only two renditions of the high society : money and power , " Gong comments . Chinese socialite Vivian Chow Wong , 66 , is the brains behind the ball . The daughter of late Peking Opera master Zhou Xinfang , the homegrown dame will host her next cotillion at the Peninsula Shanghai in January 2013 . "  I brought the ball to China because  I think the time is right , " says Wong , who moved to Hong Kong with her family in 1959 and has since studied and lived in Asia , Europe and North America . With the exposure of mainland girls taking part in other debutante balls in the West , Wong reckons there is room for one in China "  where the girls are striving to have a certain quality of life other than brand names and materialistic things . " The first Shanghai International Debutante Ball did not invite any ladies from the mainland  13 debs aged between 16-25 came from Britain , Australia , Hong Kong and Taiwan  , but eligible daughters of the Communist Party elite or "  red princesses " have waltzed at Le Bal des D  butantes , the annual Debutante Ball in Paris , for the past decade . Wan Baobao was the first to attend the Parisian event in 2003 . The Beijing-born jewelry designer is the granddaughter of Wan Li , who , among other titles , served as the former vice premier of the State Council in the '80s . Wan 's debut was followed by Chen Xiaodan in 2006 , whose father governs the China Development Bank . Chen 's grandfather , Chen Yun , was a founding member of the PRC and a high-ranking official in the country until the late 1980s , according to Want China Times . And , Jasmine Li , a young debutante said be the granddaughter of a current member of the Politburo Standing Committee , was reported to have attended the Paris Debutante Ball in 2009 . "  Many people on the Internet have raised questions about the attendance of Chinese debutantes such as Wan and Chen , " says Rachel Lu , 31 , editor from Tea Leaf Nation , an English language blog focusing on the social media reaction to Chinese news . "  Netizens said  their ancestors were Communists or Red Army . Strictly speaking , they ca n't be the ` Chinese royalty , ' " adds Lu , who hails from Chengdu and graduated from Harvard Law School . In a country that deposed its last emperor , Pu Yi , one century ago , many are questioning the meaning of the "  upper class " in today 's society , continues Lu . China-based etiquette trainer Lawrence Lo thinks China needs five to 10 years to mature for a debutante ball . "  It is not the right time yet and too early for social acceptance of such occasions since there is still not an established environment that advocates such exclusive activities , " says Lo , 39 , who owns a boutique etiquette consultancy in Shanghai . The lack of strong candidates is another challenge . "  A qualified debutante will take years of personal training and development , " adds Lo . "  China has seen its economy growing at a very rapid pace in the last 10 years , but soft skills lag behind its current development . " Wong reveals that two or three debs from the mainland , who she met after January , will attend her next ball . She stresses her debs do n't necessarily need to have a wealthy family or a strong lineage  "  though a strong lineage helps "  , but they must have the elegance , quality , and style of a modern woman . This entails a proper family upbringing and preferably education in the West . In addition , they must have a "  good family background . " "  Good family background in today 's China means a family without any scandals , such as corruption , " says Wong . Lu says the Shanghai International Debutante Ball has yet to receive attention from Chinese netizens due to the lack of mainland debs in the first one , but if the future selected ladies are princelings , this could cause controversy . "  However , people will be more tolerant if they turn out to be daughters or granddaughters of pure businessmen . " This sharp reality has n't escaped organizer Wong , who claims that her debutante ball "  will have nothing to do with children of Chinese government officials . " She adds , "  I personally prefer girls from private enterprises because that makes life easier for everybody . "	Chinese socialite plans to host first debutante ball for mainland girls in 2013 13 debutantes from outside China made their debut at first event in January A number of Chinese girls with impeccable links have attended European events Etiquette trainer says China 's not yet ready for the high-society event
CNN Student News  -- October 31 , 2013 In our first story , we hear how Secretary Sebelius responds to criticism of the Obamacare website , and we discuss how the law might affect millions of Americans ' existing health care coverage . Next , it 's off to Germany , where officials are angry about alleged , Cold War-style espionage . After reporting on a salvage operation from Blackbeard 's flagship , we discuss the booming business of Halloween . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , Maps pertaining to today 's show , and a place for you to leave feedback . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . DAILY CURRICULUM Click here for a printable version of the Daily Curriculum  PDF  . Media Literacy Question of the Day : What are some different types of news stories that could be produced about Halloween ? What kinds of video would you select for a news story on Halloween ? Key Concepts : Identify or explain these subjects you heard about in today 's show : 1 . health insurance 2 . Cold War 3 . pirate ship Fast Facts : How well were you listening to today 's program ? 1 . What are some recent controversies surrounding the Affordable Care Act  Obamacare  and its enrollment website ? What did Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius say regarding the website yesterday ? 2 . Who was the captain of the Queen Anne 's Revenge ? What kind of ship was it ? Why is it in the news today ? 3 . What are some popular types of candy given out on Halloween ? What are some other things consumers buy for this holiday ? Discussion Questions : 1 . What do you think supporters and critics of Obamacare might say regarding the next steps in dealing with this law ? In your view , what could each side do to gain public support for its plan ? What do you think should be done to address issues concerning Obamacare ? 2 . How do you think a country 's citizens might view intelligence-gathering or spying ? How might their views change depending on whether this was conducted on a nation 's own citizens , its allies , or its rivals ? What are your views on intelligence-gathering or spying ? 3 . What qualities might make a shipwreck historically significant ? What do you think might be the potential benefits and challenges of recovering artifacts from a submerged shipwreck ? CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists and educators who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show and curriculum . We hope you use our free daily materials along with the program , and we welcome your feedback on them . MAPS Download PDF maps related to today 's show : Europe Germany North America North Carolina FEEDBACK We 're looking for your feedback about CNN Student News . Please use this page to leave us comments about today 's program , including what you think about our stories and our resources . Also , feel free to tell us how you use them in your classroom . The educators on our staff will monitor this page and may respond to your comments as well . Thank you for using CNN Student News ! Click here to submit your Roll Call request .	This page includes the show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , and Maps Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary The Daily Curriculum offers the Media Literacy Question of the Day , Key Concepts , Fast Facts and Discussion Questions At the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculum
Abu Dhabi  CNN  -- Working conditions for South Asian migrant workers have improved on Abu Dhabi 's Saadiyat Island , but more needs to be done and protection gaps remain , Human Rights Watch  HRW  said on Wednesday . In an 85-page report , the rights groups said those gaps include "  reimbursing workers for recruiting fees , which often take months or years to repay and are the single greatest factor in creating conditions of forced labor . " The report also found "  lapses in effectively punishing abusive contractors and following through on promises to make monitoring reports public . " Saadiyat Island , a $ 22 billion cultural project , will include local branches of New York University , as well as the Louvre and Guggenheim Museums . "  For too long , migrant workers in the UAE have toiled in abusive conditions , with private and public developers showing little concern , " said Sarah Leah Whitson , Middle East director at Human Rights Watch . "  Now , finally , Emirati developers and their international partners have stepped up to the plate on Saadiyat Island to start to protect workers , but they will need to do more to curtail the abuses . " HRW first reported on the subject in 2009 , when they found widespread exploitation of laborers on Saadiyat Island . The rights group says there have been notable improvements since then , citing "  commitments by leading educational and cultural bodies and UAE development companies to ensure regular payment of wages , rest breaks and days off , and employer-paid medical insurance , and to hire independent monitors to detect and report publicly on violations of workers ' rights on the island . " But today 's progress report noted that many workers still pay recruitment fees in order to obtain their jobs , adding that almost all the 47 workers interviewed reported paying between $ 900 and $ 3,350 to agents in their home countries , a practice that can trap them in debt . The report also found contractors are "  regularly confiscating worker passports and substituting worker contracts with less favorable ones when the workers arrive in the UAE . " In a response to HRW 's report , Tourism Development & Investment Company  TDIC  , the island 's master developer , said they continue "  to be deeply committed to safeguarding worker welfare on its projects " . In a statement TDIC added that while the company is pleased to see HRW acknowledging the high standards they continue to uphold in the area of worker welfare , they also believe that "  some of the findings detailed are outdated and inaccurate , as the report cites interviews conducted between October 2010 and January 2011 . " The statement added : "  Moreover , the company believes the methodology HRW has used in the report is flawed ; we call into question the small sample of workers interviewed , as well as the limited number of contractors these workers represent . TDIC therefore firmly believes that this report is not an accurate reflection of the current situation on Saadiyat . " With regard to recruitment fees , TDIC said that they share HRW 's concern , but that the fees continue to be a challenge . "  This practice mainly occurs in the worker 's country of origin , " said TDIC , "  making it an extremely difficult problem to address from the UAE . However , as according to TDIC 's employment practices policy , should any worker prove they have been charged fees by an agency to work on any of its projects , the company will take appropriate action under its agreement with the relevant contractor to reimburse the worker . By focusing solely on Saadiyat , HRW is shifting the spotlight away from this important issue rather than trying to address it at its core . TDIC therefore encourages HRW to take the lead role in campaigning against this damaging practice on a wider scale and will fully support it in doing so . " A statement from New York University Abu Dhabi said that "  HRW 's latest report acknowledges the major steps that we and our government partners have taken to ensure the health and welfare of the individuals who are building NYU Abu Dhabi 's new campus on Saadiyat Island . " Josh Taylor , assistant vice chancellor , public affairs and community relations for NYU Abu Dhabi , added : "  We also welcome any new , actionable information that will enable us to accomplish our goals on this front . However , whereas our third-party compliance auditors conduct worker interviews each and every month , it appears that HRW 's latest report relies on interviews that took place between 14 and 17 months ago . In a number of cases , the report also fails to indicate which project an individual was working on , which makes researching and/or addressing specific claims virtually impossible . "	Human Rights Watch says more needs to be done to improve working conditions The report found "  lapses in effectively punishing abusive contractors " The report noted many workers still pay recruitment fees in order to obtain their jobs
Kuala Lumpur , Malaysia  CNN  -- There are no immediate links between the 19 people arrested on suspicion of planning terror attacks on Malaysia 's administrative capital , Putrajaya , and the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria  ISIS  , police said Wednesday . "  These individuals , however , share a similar ideology with ISIS and other terrorist groups such as Boko Haram and Jemaah Islamiah . They come from a Salafi-Jihadist movement , " the Asian country 's counter terrorism deputy chief , Ayob Khan Pitchay Mydin , told CNN . Al-Qaeda-linked Jemaah Islamiah  JI  was behind the 2002 Bali bombings , which left 202 people dead and other bombings in South East Asia , while Boko Haram is the Islamist militant group waging a campaign of terror in Nigeria . However , Malaysian police believe the individuals concerned were making their way to join ISIS in its war in Syria after investigating their travel plans . "  We know they planned to join ISIS through their travel itineraries , " said Ayob Khan . The 19 suspects -- 17 men and two women , who were arrested in operations between April and July -- had planned flights to Istanbul , Turkey before going to Syria over land via Turkey 's Hatay province , the counter terrorism specialist said . Seven people have already being charged in court for various terror-related activities . Bars targeted During their investigations , police say they uncovered plans by the group to bomb bars and other alcohol-related establishments , including a brewery , around the city . "  They were also using Facebook to raise money for their activities under the guise of humanitarian efforts in the Middle East , " said Ayob Khan . He declined to reveal how much money had already been raised , or to identify the group 's name , as they are still investigating its links with other groups . In June , 26-year-old Ahmad Tarmimi Maliki became the first Malaysian suicide bomber linked to ISIS . The factory worker , who was behind an attack that killed more than 20 elite Iraqi soldiers at their base in al-Anbar in May , was identified after reports surfaced on an ISIS-linked website . His photograph was also featured .	Police : 19 people arrested on terrorism charges in Malaysia not linked to ISIS They share a similar ideology with ISIS and other terrorist groups such as Boko Haram , police said The group , which has not been named , planned to attack bars around Malaysia 's administrative capital
CNN  -- The International Cricket Council has pointed to a lack of "  compelling evidence " to support match-fixing claims relating to a one-day match between England and Pakistan in September . British newspaper The Sun claimed it had proof that bookmakers knew details of scoring patterns in Pakistan 's innings before the match at The Oval in London began . That allegation prompted the chairman of the Pakistan Cricket Board , Ijaz Butt , to claim there was talk in bookmakers circles that England 's players had been paid "  enormous amounts of money " to lose the match . Butt later withdrew his comments after the England team threatened to take legal action against him . Now the ICC 's anti-corruption and security unit  ACSU  has dropped its investigation into the match , saying there is n't strong enough evidence . A statement on the ICC 's official website read : "  The ACSU has verified all the available information and concluded that there was no compelling evidence to suspect individual players or support staff . "  The investigation is now complete but if new and corroborating evidence comes to light then clearly the ACSU will re-open the matter . " The ICC said they would not comment on the case featuring three Pakistan players -- Salman Butt , Mohammad Amir and Mohammad Asif -- who are currently suspended after claims of spot-fixing during the Test series with England , but they did maintain their determination to clean up the game . ICC President Sharad Pawar said : "  We have stressed that we will not tolerate any form of corruption in cricket and that we will work tirelessly to root out those who have acted in a way which brings cricket into disrepute . "  The future of our great sport depends on the public maintaining their confidence in the games they are watching . We owe it to every player , administrator , every cricket lover to win this battle against a very small minority who may wish to corrupt this game . " The ICC also said its Pakistan Task Team will work with the PCB to "  carry out any reforms which may be deemed necessary to restore confidence in the administration of the game in Pakistan . " The ICC also confirmed their intention to pave the way for a world Test championship starting in 2013 . It would mean a playoff between the top four ranked Test teams every four years . "  We have agreed in principle to exciting and far-reaching proposals to tackle this most important issue , " said ICC chief executive Haroon Lorgat . "  The proposals , especially introducing more meaningful context , means we now have the potential to follow international cricket that is even more exciting . "	International Cricket Council drop investigation into claims a one-day match was ` fixed ' ICC say there is no "  compelling evidence " England v Pakistan game was tainted Pakistan won the 50-over match at The Oval in London on September 17 ICC paves the way for a Test world championship starting in 2013
CNN  -- Iran has "  successfully " test fired its newest version of the Fateh-110 missile , state media reported Saturday , touting the accomplishment despite international concerns about Tehran 's growing military capabilities . Footage from state-run Press TV showed a missile on a rocket launcher in a desert area being fired into the air , before seemingly falling somewhere over the horizon . Defense Minister Brig. Gen. Ahmad Vahidi said that the test launch of the missile -- a "  fourth generation " of the Fateh-110 -- was a success , according to the official Islamic Republic News Agency . "  Iran is among few ... countries capable of producing such missiles , " the minister said in the IRNA report . The latest Fateh-110 version -- which was tested two years after Iran successfully tested the previous model -- is capable of traveling 300 kilometers  185 miles  and "  can target spots without any diversion , " IRNA reported . The defense ministry plans to have all home-made missiles with "  this new capability , " said Vahidi . Iran 's developing missile program has been a hot topic in Washington and elsewhere in recent months , with a new Pentagon report last month finding that Tehran may test a missile that could reach the U.S. mainland within three years . "  Iran has boosted the lethality and effectiveness of existing systems with accuracy improvements and new submunition payloads , " which allow missiles to drop explosives over a wider area thus causing more destruction , according to the Pentagon report . The report , which was signed by U.S. Defense Secretary Leon Panetta and sent to senators and U.S. representatives on defense committees , said Iran is continuing to develop other missiles that can hit Israel and Eastern Europe , including an extended-range Shabab-3 and a medium-range ballistic missile called the Ashura that can fly more than 1,200 miles . Iran is still capable of testing a long-range intercontinental ballistic missile by 2015 "  without sufficient foreign assistance , " the report added . The United States and NATO have begun to field an anti-ballistic missile shield in the southern and eastern parts of Europe to protect from such a threat . But John Pike , a weapons analyst with the GlobalSecurity.org research group , said the missile shield is not yet fully operational . Washington has led international efforts aimed at stymieing Tehran 's nuclear program , as well as its ballistic missile proliferation activities . But despite widespread sanctions , Iranian officials have been publicly defiant and regularly highlight developments in both arenas .	Iran 's defense minister says the latest Fateh-110 missile launch is a success The "  fourth generation " of the missile can travel 300 kilometers , state media reports A recent U.S. government report warned of Iran 's improving missile program
CNN  -- Actor Charlie Sheen , fired from his hit comedy series , has filed a $ 100 million lawsuit against Warner Bros. . Television and Chuck Lorre , the creator of "  Two and a Half Men , " a Los Angeles Superior Court spokeswoman said Thursday . The lawsuit , which also seeks punitive damages and recovery of unpaid wages , claims intentional interference with contractual relations and breach of contract , among other contentions . In addition to Sheen , 9th Step Productions -- a corporation formed by Sheen to contract out his acting services on the series -- also is a plaintiff in the lawsuit . Warner Bros. . Television fired Sheen on Monday after he had gone on a two-week public rant against the show 's producers . Howard Weitzman , Lorre 's attorney , called the allegations "  as recklessly false and unwarranted as Mr. Sheen 's rantings in the media . "  These accusations are simply imaginary , " Weitzman said in a statement . "  This lawsuit is about a fantasy ` lottery ' pay-day for Charlie Sheen . Chuck Lorre 's concern has been and continues to be about Mr. Sheen 's health . " Warner Bros. had no comment Thursday . Sheen , 45 , has been known for his highly publicized marital , legal and substance abuse problems as much as his acting . "  Two and a Half Men " was put on hiatus after Sheen entered a rehabilitation program in January , and production was halted after he blasted Lorre and Alcoholics Anonymous in a February 24 radio interview . Sheen said he is pursuing claims for the entire cast and crew to be paid for the balance of the season 's 24 episodes . In his lawsuit , the actor claims Lorre "  believes himself to be so wealthy and powerful that he can unilaterally decide to take money away from the dedicated cast and crew ... in order to serve his own ego and self-interest . " It claims Lorre made Sheen "  the scapegoat for Lorre 's own conduct . " Lorre and Warner Bros. generated more than $ 1 billion from his work , Sheen states . Warner Bros. capitulated to Lorre 's desire to punish Sheen for critical remarks about the show 's creator , the lawsuit states . Sheen contends he went on the radio only after years of Lorre disparaging him . It also claims Lorre stands to make more money on his other shows , including "  The Big Bang Theory , " and wanted to make those programs flourish at the expense of "  Two and a Half Men " and because of personal animus toward Sheen . The lawsuit claims Lorre and Warner Bros. conspired to conjure up a pretext to end the series and fire the actor , "  to make him their scapegoat despite the fact that Mr. Sheen was sober , and was ready , willing and able to perform . " Despite stopping production on the sitcom , Warner Bros. . Television said last week it will pay the show 's crew for the four episodes initially set to begin production this week . In interviews , Sheen threatened to sue CBS for shutting down the show , demanded a raise from $ 2 million to $ 3 million per episode and insisted he was "  clean , focused and ready to get back to work . " "  I feel more alive , I feel more focused , I feel more energetic , " Sheen said on CNN 's "  Piers Morgan Tonight " last week . "  I 'm on a quest to claim absolute victory on every front . " In a tweet after the lawsuit was filed , Sheen wrote , "  Torpedo away ... You corporate Trolls were warned . And now you 've been served ! " Warner Bros. . Television is owned by Time Warner Inc. , the parent company of CNN . CNN 's Brittany Kaplan contributed to this report .	Sheen 's claims are "  imaginary , " says Lorre 's attorney A lawsuit is filed against Warner Bros. . TV and Chuck Lorre Sheen was fired Monday from "  Two and a Half Men " The actor was in trouble for a series of comments
CNN  -- A worrying back problem and the damp British weather were not enough to stop Roger Federer marching into a 33rd successive grand slam quarterfinal on Monday . The 16-time major winner kept alive his hopes of joining Pete Sampras on seven Wimbledon successes after beating another tennis veteran Xavier Malisse 7-6  7-1  6-1 4-6 6-3 for the 850th victory of his illustrious career . Federer , who had to come from two sets down to defeat fellow 30-year-old Julien Benneteau on Friday , needed to call for a medical timeout to receive painkillers at 4-3 up in the opener . "  I was in a lot of pain . The treatment and the painkillers worked . I started to feel better as the match went on , " said the Swiss , who will next play another 30-year-old , Russian 26th seed Mikhail Youzhny . "  It was a shock for it to happen in the first set of a grand slam when you have to play five on grass . I thought I was in big trouble at 5-6 and he was serving for the first set . I apologized to Xavier for having to go off , but it was just a freak thing . " The cool , wet conditions did n't help Federer 's back , but he said he was glad that the Centre Court roof was not closed before he completed his win over the Belgian . "  I was happy they kept it open because it is an outdoor tournament at the end of the day . We do n't want to play indoors all the time , " he said after extending his record against 2002 semifinalist Malisse to 10-1 . "  It 's not that big of a deal coming on and off . To see the referee coming out and inspecting the courts , that 's the whole drama that belongs to Wimbledon . Eventually , if it 's too bad and it 's really raining , this is when you shut it . " Youzhny had previously reached the fourth round on six occasions , including last year , but but went one step further this time as he beat Uzbekistan 's Denis Istomin in a five-set match lasting more than four hours . If third seed Federer gets past Youzhny , then he will next face world No. 1 Novak Djokovic , who beat fellow Serbian Viktor Troicki 6-3 6-1 6-3 on Centre Court later Monday . It was the friends ' first meeting on grass , but defending champion Djokovic had no problems posting his 12th successive win over the 34th-ranked Troicki -- who might be his doubles partner at the London Olympics -- to reach his 13th consecutive major quarterfinal . The 25-year-old will next face the winner of the match between French 18th seed Richard Gasquet or No. 31 Florian Mayer of Germany , who led 6-3 2-1 when play was halted earlier in the day on Court Three . British fourth seed Andy Murray had won the first set to lead his last-16 clash with Croatia 's Marin Cilic 7-5 3-1 when rain halted play on Court One , while France 's world No. 5 Jo-Wilfried Tsonga lost his opening set against Mardy Fish as the American led 6-4 1-1 on Court Two . The three delayed matches will resume on Tuesday , along with the two last-16 tiers that did not even start : Spanish seventh seed David Ferrer against Argentina 's No. 9 Juan Martin del Potro , and unseeded American Brian Baker versus No. 27 Philipp Kohlschreiber of Germany .	Six-time champion Roger Federer reaches quarterfinals with four-set win Swiss world No. 3 overcomes back injury and rain delay on Centre Court Federer will next play Russian 26th seed Mikhail Youzhny in grass-court event He faces a possible semifinal against world No. 1 Novak Djokovic
CNN  -- The results of the midterm election confirm Americans ' widespread discontent with Washington gridlock on a range of issues . In the last few months , millions of people contacted the White House , Congress and federal agencies to demand action on one of those issues -- protecting a free and open Internet . Their message was overwhelmingly clear : Americans do n't want fast and slow lanes online . They want the government to preserve the Internet as a place where everybody -- startups , small businesses , nonprofits , activists , and independent artists -- has an equal chance of reaching people . Yet it appears their voices have fallen on deaf ears . The Federal Communications Commission , tasked with creating new rules to protect the Internet , appears to be favoring a proposal that will allow fast lanes after all . As the New York Times reports , the proposal would permit Internet service providers  ISPs  like Comcast and Verizon to charge Internet applications , content or services access fees for faster service , as long as those fees are "  just and reasonable . " The proposal is bad policy and rests on shaky legal foundations . If some companies can pay so that their content loads faster and reaches people easier , then small businesses and startups wo n't have a chance to compete . Innovation as we know it will suffer . In fact , the proposal harms anyone who ca n't pay to be in the fast lane , making it harder for everyday people to create , connect and organize online . It 's no wonder that 3.7 million Americans , more than 70 members of Congress , and President Obama have come out against fast lanes . So far , the FCC is not listening . But it 's not too late . The FCC should take this week 's midterm results as a wake-up call to listen to the public . It should ban access fees and stop the creation of fast lanes in a way that will be upheld in court . Net neutrality explained In order to ban access fees , the FCC must reclassify the ISPs that connect us to the Internet as common carriers under Title II of the Communications Act . That 's the only way to ban these fees , and that 's what the agency should do . But instead , it seems to be leaning toward a confusing "  hybrid " proposal that creates two legal categories for the service offered by ISPs  $ " a "  wholesale " service that allows companies like Google , Yahoo! and Netflix to reach us , and a "  retail " service that connects us to the Internet . The FCC wants to classify only the wholesale side under Title II . Under this "  hybrid " proposal , the FCC would decide case-by-case whether specific access fees are just , reasonable and non-discriminatory . This approach provides little certainty to entrepreneurs and investors , creates high regulatory costs , and tilts the playing field against those who do n't have the resources , time and money to engage in long and costly proceedings at the FCC . Worst of all , it still allows access fees and fast lanes . Any access fees , no matter how "  reasonable , " will crush innovation in America . If Comcast offered a fast lane to Netflix , the FCC could potentially force it to make a similar offer to Hulu and YouTube . But if a video startup could n't pay the fee , then it would never have the chance to compete in the first place . Think of what we 'd lose . Innovators with little or no outside funding have produced some of the most important sites -- such as Google , Facebook , Yahoo , and eBay -- and economic research suggests that such innovators will continue to fuel our nation 's economic growth . Even companies that remain small create jobs and provide value to customers . But there 's more that we 'd lose . Large corporations that pay to be in the fast lane will have higher costs , so we the customers will be forced to pay higher prices for their products and services . Small businesses that rely on the Internet to reach their customers will be shut out of the market . Worse , all noncommercial actors will be in the slow lane -- educators , artists , activists , nonprofits , underserved communities , and the list goes on . This will harm democratic discourse as we know it . As if this was n't bad enough , the FCC 's proposal is also likely to fail in court . The proposal appears to prevent ISPs from blocking or discriminating against sites , but it relies on a new , untested legal foundation that does not actually allow the FCC to adopt such rules . And while this legal foundation empowers the agency to police access fees , it does not grant it the authority to ban them . So even if the FCC wanted to improve its rules and ban access fees , any attempt to do so under its proposed "  hybrid " approach would likely be struck down in court . From the FCC 's perspective , the proposal might seem like a compromise . It improves the FCC 's ability to police access fees , but does not actually ban them . It involves Title II , but does not reclassify ISPs . But we are not getting the benefit of the bargain . The proposed rules fail to protect the Internet , pose high social costs , and will most likely be struck down in court . And as ISPs have made abundantly clear , they oppose "  hybrid " proposals just as strongly as reclassification and will fight them tooth and nail . Fortunately , there is a better "  compromise " on the table . The FCC should reclassify Internet service under Title II and then lift  or in legal terms , "  forebear from "  all regulations that are not needed to protect consumers . This route would allow the FCC to pursue a light regulatory touch that protects ISPs ' incentives to invest while adopting bright-line rules that ban blocking , discrimination , and access fees . The FCC is at a fork in the road . It could turn its back on sound policy and public opinion and pursue fast lanes , or it could adopt meaningful rules that protect the American people and will be upheld in court . The correct path is clear .	Barbara van Schewick : Americans want a free and open Internet , not a fast and slow lane Van Schewick : Yet , the FCC appears to be favoring a proposal that will allow fast lanes She says that 's bad policy and rests on shaky legal foundations ; FCC must look to better policy Van Schewick : Two lanes will hurt innovation , and consumers will have to pay more money
Hong Kong  CNN  -- AshleyMadison.com , the dating website for people seeking affairs with married individuals which claims 20 million members worldwide , has dropped another pin on its map -- Asia . The company cast out its first line in Japan in June , reeling in under half a million members within three months , said Noel Biderman , company CEO , "  making it our most successful launch ever . " The infidelity website launched in Hong Kong last month -- it 's 29th market since starting 11 years ago in Canada -- and now has 80,000 members . That makes Hong Kong the most successful launch rate per capita , showing a "  massive pent up demand , " Biderman said . While Asian countries are typically seen as more conservative , he says different cultural values do not diminish the demand for infidelity . "  We 're just trying to address a universal behavior and pattern , targeting people from all walks of life . Infidelity is in our DNA . I 'm just riding a tidal wave , a social change where women lead and men follow , " Biderman said . "  This is their unfaithful , sexual revolution . Infidelity trumps a lot of it , there 's no culturally stopping it , no religious groups can , " he said . The site is run on a credit based purchase where members have to pay to contact each other . In Hong Kong , the starter package with 100 credits costs HK$ 360  US$ 45  and is enough to initiate chat with 20 women , Biderman said . For women , the service is free . His website does n't make people cheat , Biderman argues , but rather provides a platform for those who have already made up their minds to step out on their spouse . "  People want to choose what they want to do . Long before I created Ashley Madison , people were unfaithful . I do n't think I can convince people to have an affair , but if people are miserable , I feel like society can benefit from my service , " he said . In Japan where it is legal for men to seek sexual entertainment in brothels and massage parlors , Biderman says the localized website will allow "  miserable women " to find an outlet with other married men . Out of the 160,000 women on the Japanese site , 68 % of the site 's traffic are made up of married women , according to Avid Life Media , the parent company of the website . Infidelity is "  clearly a global phenomenon , " but there are some variations from region to region . "  Many of the Latin American countries -- Mexico , Argentina , Venezuela , have lower female adoption rates than in North America and Europe . In France we see a greater percentage of married women over the age of 40 using the service than anywhere else in the world , " Biderman said . What stands out in Hong Kong is the rate of single men that have signed onto the site , he said . "  Normally as a worldwide average we have about 9 to 11 % single men on ashleymadison.com , but in Hong Kong we have about 18 % , " Biderman said . The company plans to expand to "  10 to 11 " more markets in Asia before the end of June 2014 , Biderman said . The website is expected to launch in Taiwan next month . Ashley Madison statistics show that 325,000 people in Mainland China have been trying to log onto the site to create a profile even without spending a dime on marketing in China , Biderman said . But countries like China and South Korea raise thorny legal issues for the company . "  We 'd love to go to the Chinese government first and do it through the front door ... but not if they required us to give out our users ' information , " he said . In South Korea , where adultery is still a crime , the company has consulted with lawyers to ensure that they do not overstep legal boundaries , although Biderman believes this is not an issue . The website operates as a "  communication platform and only that , " and the company does not get additional economic benefits from offline meetings , he said . "  So from a vicarious liability perspective we have no true issue -- if you start holding inanimate objects responsible for what is ultimately a personal decision then you would have to find Apple or the iPhone , hotel rooms and a whole host of others ` responsible ' for an affair , " he said . The company runs advertisements online and through a number of television networks and radio shows , but not all media companies want to be associated with a business that promotes adultery . Facebook does not accept Ashley Madison ads , and Fox and NBC refused to air the company 's commercials during the Super Bowl . Biderman believes infidelity can help save marriages in the long term , and is much less costly than getting a divorce . "  The vast majority of affair seekers are having an affair because they do not want to leave ... they cherish their children , their economic situation , extended family , " he said . "  All that they are hoping to change is the monotonous monogamy within their relationship . By finding that cathartic outlet through an affair it helps them stay within that marriage . " Infidelity is often seen as destructive to marriages and families , but Dr. Sandy To , lecturer at the Department of Sociology at the University of Hong Kong with an expertise in gender , marriage and family said it depends on whether couples agree on the same notion of marriage . "  The normal conception is that marriage should be monogamous , but we have to take into account that some can not be rationalized within this framework , and some people need to seek emotional and sexual needs outside a marriage of convenience , " she said . "  But , if couples do n't have the same notion and there 's an element of deception , then of course it would be rather disastrous and someone will get hurt . " According to To , the website may reflect a shifting culture of a more self-centered and individualized approach where people are less inclined to sacrifice self fulfillment for the marriage and the family . However , she said that the website is harmless to those who believe in fidelity . "  It 's just a commercial endeavor , for those who believe in monogamy , if they saw the ad , they would just look at it as a joke or a gimmick , " To said . Regardless of what the outcome of the marriages are , Biderman has no qualms about making money off infidelity , saying that he , like many others , is doing a service to society . "  The hotel industry probably could n't survive . Think about jewelry stores where people make duplicated purchases , " Biderman said . "  I 'm monopolizing it directly , but if you define infidelity liberally , pornography , strip clubs and massage parlors are also making money off of it . "	AshleyMadison.com , the dating website for extra marital affairs makes its second launch in Asia Website 's CEO says infidelity is "  clearly a global phenomenon " The website plans to expand to "  10 to 11 " more markets in Asia before June 2014
French President Nicolas Sarkozy on Monday night put the country 's southwest region on the highest possible security alert level , hours after a teacher and three children were gunned down at a Jewish school in Toulouse . The incident at the Ozar Hatorah school marked the third time in the past 10 days that a gunman on a motorcycle has fired on minorities in the region . On Monday , the teacher was shot dead with his two children , while the school 's director saw his daughter shot and killed in front of him , Sarkozy said in a somber speech at the school . The president then returned to Paris and addressed the violence again in an evening speech from the Elysee Palace . French troops were present on streets , at train stations and at other highly trafficked locales in parts of southwestern France before Monday 's shooting , as that region had been on a high alert level for years . Sarkozy made a point in his Monday night speech to note that France 's security measures for the area will remain high . He also said that he 'll suspend his re-election campaign until at least Wednesday , in the wake of the shooting . Representatives from France 's Jewish and Muslim communities will meet with the president Tuesday , when a moment of silence is being planned to remember the victims , according to Sarkozy . One of the guns used Monday was also used in killings of French soldiers of north African origin who were shot and killed on March 11 and March 15 , said Elisabeth Allannic , a spokeswoman for judicial authorities in Paris . A court in Paris on Monday opened an investigation into all three killings , under anti-terrorism powers . The gunman pulled up in front of the Jewish school just before 8 a.m. and started shooting , authorities said . The dead included a 3-year-old child , and a 17-year-old was wounded , according to local prosecutor Michael Valet . The gunman got close enough to his victims to shoot them in the head , local journalist Gil Bousquet said . In the shooting 's aftermath , families hugged and wept in front of police cars around the school . Ambulances and police vans lined the narrow streets of the city , and a helicopter circled overhead as police on foot made their way through the small crowd of shocked locals to get to the building . Speaking from the school , Sarkozy declared that "  everything must be done so the killer is arrested . " "  And of course our thoughts are with these families that are shattered -- a mother who has lost her husband and her two children the same day ; the director of the school saw his little girl die before his eyes , " Sarkozy said . The gunman wore a motorcycle helmet and fled on a motor scooter after the shootings , Interior Ministry spokesman Pierre-Henry Brandet said -- the same method used in the earlier soldiers ' shootings . "  It 's a horrible tragedy , " he said of Monday 's shootings . The Interior Ministry has ordered police across the country to contact Jewish organizations to arrange increased vigilance , Brandet said . France , which has one of the largest Jewish populations in Europe , had 389 reported acts of anti-Semitism in 2011 , according to Representative Council of Jewish Institutions in France , known by the French acronym CRIF . Its head , Richard Prasquier , and Minister of Education Luc Chatel accompanied Sarkozy to Toulouse . The group later issued a statement saying that , while it is too early to determine definitively the motive for the "  horrible " crime , it appears it 's a case of anti-Semitism . It called for increased security at places of worship and study as the investigation continues . Gilles Bernheim , the chief rabbi of France , said he was "  horrified " and "  upset . " And French presidential candidate Francois Hollande said he felt "  horror " over the killing . It comes directly on the heels of two other shootings . The first was March 11 , when Toulouse police Capt. David Delattre said a soldier was on his motorbike when a helmeted man on another motorcycle shot and killed him . The soldier was not in uniform , and his motorbike did not have any military identification , Delattre said . 2 French soldiers killed in shooting On Thursday , two other soldiers were shot dead and another injured by a black-clad man wearing a motorcycle helmet in the southwestern French city of Montauban , about 50 kilometers  30 miles  from Toulouse . French authorities link soldiers ' fatal shooting The more recent shooting caught the world 's attention , soliciting immediate and strong reaction from Jewish and other leaders -- many of them thousands of miles away from the French crime scene . "  Today , Jews everywhere in the world are weeping in sorrow and disgust in the face of this despicable terrorist attack , " said Ronald Lauder , president of the World Jewish Congress . "  Targeting children is a particularly sick and vile act , and nothing can justify it . " Israel 's Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu called it a "  savage crime " and said anti-Semitism could not be ruled out as a motive . "  We follow with shock the news coming from France , and we trust the French authorities to shed full light on this crime and to bring those responsible to justice , " said Yigal Palmor , the spokesman for the Israeli foreign ministry . Security heightened in U.S. synagogues Police in New York , Washington and San Francisco all said they plan to increase patrols of synagogues and Jewish institutions , with New York Police Commissioner Ray Kelly citing fears someone might stage a "  copy-cat " attack . But he and the city 's mayor stressed there is no "  specific " intelligence indicating an active threat there . "  Just because there 's something that happens there , does n't mean there are more threats here . But we take everything very seriously , " said Mayor Mike Bloomberg . Abraham Foxman , national director of the New York-based Anti-Defamation League , said that Jewish people had just as much reason to be vigilant before Monday 's attack as after , given some people 's anti-Semitism . He said he was "  shocked , saddened but unfortunately not surprised " by the Toulouse shooting , which he felt was "  targeted to express hatred against Jews . " "  You hope and pray that it does n't happen more often , " Foxman told CNN on Monday night . "  Unfortunately , you know that it 's part of the reality .  Some  people will act out their hatred in a violent manner . "	Chief of ADL says he 's "  shocked , saddened but ... not surprised " by the attack A teacher and 3 children are shot dead at a Jewish school in Toulouse Security in that region is at the highest possible alert level A French Jewish group says the attack appears to be a case of anti-Semitism
CNN  -- Move over , Mauna Loa . A group of scientists say they 've found a volcano bigger than you . Way bigger . An underwater volcano dubbed Tamu Massif was found some 1,000 miles east of Japan , says William Sager , a professor at the University of Houston , who led a team of scientists in the discovery . The volcano is about the size of the state of New Mexico and is among the largest in the solar system , Sager says . World 's coolest volcanoes Tamu Massif covers an area of about 120,000 square miles . In comparison , the largest active volcano on land , Hawaii 's Mauna Loa , is about 2,000 square miles , Sager says . "  Its shape is different from any other sub-marine volcano found on Earth , and it 's very possible it can give us some clues about how massive volcanoes can form , " Sager says . Tamu Massif is believed to be about 145 million years old , and became inactive within a few million years after it was formed . The volcano was partly named in honor of Texas A&M University , where Sager worked for 29 years before moving to the University of Houston . Tamu is the university 's abbreviation while massif is the French word for "  massive " and a scientific term for a large mountain mass , according to Sager . 31 beautiful sights on this incredible planet	The underwater volcano is called Tamu Massif It is about the size of New Mexico state Tamu Massif covers an area of about 120,000 square miles
Los Angeles  CNN  -- A lapse in Lindsay Lohan 's health insurance -- because she 's not been working in the past year -- has prevented her from paying for the psychological counseling ordered as part of her probation , her lawyer revealed in court Thursday . "  Maybe she knows somebody who can help out , " Los Angeles County Superior Court Judge Stephanie Sautner said , warning Lohan she had 21 days to sign up for counseling . Judge Sautner ordered the actress to appear in court Thursday so she could review the actress ' progress on meeting the requirements of her probation for a shoplifting conviction and two older drunk driving convictions . Lohan , 25 , entered a guilty plea in May to stealing a necklace from a Venice , California jewelry story . While Lohan is in compliance with her community service , fines and shoplifting counseling requirements , but she has not signed up for the court-ordered psychological counseling , the judge said . She could be ordered to jail unless she proves within three weeks that she has found a psychologist , Sautner said . Group counseling , which probationers attend , is often free or low-cost , but Judge Sautner agreed with Lohan 's lawyer , Shawn Holley , that Lohan 's celebrity status makes that unworkable . "  I do n't want group counseling for her , " Sautner said . "  She needs one on one counseling . " Lohan scribbled a note to her lawyer during the hearing saying she believed she could raise the cash soon to enter counseling . The judge chided Lohan for only completing 33 of the required 480 hours of community service so far . If it 's not finished within a year , she could go to jail , she said . Lindsay Lohan wore these shoes to court ?! She must work 120 hours at the Los Angeles County morgue after she completes 360 hours at the a women 's center on Los Angeles ' Skid Row section . "  Get done with that community service and your life can be back in order , " Judge Sautner said . Lohan 's legal woes , which began four years ago with two drunk driving arrests , have been compounded over the past two years by her failure to attend counseling classes and alcohol and drug test failures . The 120-day jail sentence also ordered translated into just 35 days of home confinement that ended on June 29 . Jail overcrowding rules and and state rules that give credit for good behavior for prisoners allowed for the shortened term . Her probation is scheduled to end within a year , unless Lohan is charged with breaking any laws before then . It has been extended several times because of probation violations , including failed alcohol and drug tests . Lohan failed an alcohol test administered by a probation officer in June and was ordered to go before the judge for a probation violation hearing the next week . But Lohan 's attorney convinced the judge the testing requirement had lapsed in February . Judge Saunter ruled that Lohan is now allowed to drink alcohol and she is no longer required to take random drug tests . The actress has managed to avoid more than a few days in jail despite two drunken-driving convictions , a long list of probation violations and the recent theft conviction . "  Because of budget constraints and because we 're under a federal consent decree that requires us to curb our overcrowding situation , nonviolent offenders , lesser crimes , get 20 % of their sentence , " Los Angeles County Sheriff 's spokesman Steve Whitmore said . Lohan entered drug rehab last year to avoid a jail sentence imposed by another judge . But Sautner made it clear in court last month that she did n't think drugs and alcohol were the root of Lohan 's legal troubles . "  She 's got other problems for which she self-medicates , " Sautner said at her sentencing in May . Lohan 's four years in and out of court -- and sometimes jail -- started with two drunken-driving arrests in 2007 . Since then , she 's spent more than eight months in substance-abuse rehabilitation programs . A probation report released in May said the actress "  appears to be continuing to struggle with substance abuse issues . " "  It would appear that the defendant 's criminal conduct is increasing in seriousness and severity , " the probation report said , yet it suggested she serve her sentence on probation and not in jail . Lohan tested positive for alcohol use , a violation of probation rules , in February , the report said . It also revealed that the drug test failure last August , which resulted in a jail sentence and court-ordered rehab , involved cocaine and amphetamines .	NEW : Lohan 's SAG insurance expired because of no acting work , her lawyer tells the judge NEW : The judge gives Lohan three weeks to start counseling or face jail NEW : Cheap group therapy wo n't work because Lohan 's famous , the judge says The actress has a year to complete 480 hours of community service
New York  CNN  -- Outside a Manhattan mosque where the imam preaches against terrorism , the brothers of the "  Revolution Muslim " are spreading a different message . Protected by the Constitution of the country they detest , radical Muslim converts like Yousef al-Khattab and Younes Abdullah Mohammed preach that the killing of U.S. troops overseas is justified . In their thinking , so were the September 11 , 2001 , attacks on the United States -- and so are attacks on almost any American . "  Americans will always be a target -- and a legitimate target -- until America changes its nature in the international arena , " Mohammed said in an interview to air on tonight 's "  AC 360 . " Al-Khattab and Mohammed consider al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden their model . "  I love him like I ca n't begin to tell you , because he does n't seem to have done anything wrong from the sharia , " al-Khattab said , referring to Islamic law . "  If you 're asking me if I love him as a Muslim , I love him more than I love myself . " They hand out fliers outside the gleaming 96th Street mosque , where up to 4,000 people visit every day . Inside the sleek , modernistic house of worship , Imam Shamsi Ali preaches against the violence that now sweeps many Muslim countries . "  What we try to do is reminding our people about the real Islam , " Ali said . "  We tell them what the real Islam is all about . Islam is about peace . Islam is about moderation . Islam is about friendship . Islam is opposed to any kind of hatred against anybody . " Law enforcement sources have told CNN the men walk right up to the line of protection under the First Amendment , but their message is not going unnoticed . Al-Khattab handed CNN Correspondent Drew Griffin a business card from an FBI agent who he says is keeping tabs on him . The agent would not comment without clearance from his superiors , except to say , "  Obviously , if they gave you my card , you know we are watching them . " The mosque has called police on Al-Khattab and Mohammed several times , and passers-by occasionally engage them in heated debates . Ali told CNN that ordinary Muslims are "  disgusted with their behavior . " But they insist they do n't fight themselves , and do n't incite others to do so . Al-Khattab calls President Obama "  a murderer , a tyrant , a scumbag , " and says he would n't "  shed a tear " if Obama were killed . But he added , "  Would I incite his murder ? That 's not what I teach . " Mohammed calls himself an American "  by default " who identifies with Muslims . Al-Khattab , a Jew who lived in Israel before converting to Islam , says he "  would like to see a mushroom cloud " over the Jewish state -- "  but before that , I 'd like to see the people guided , and I 'd like them to go back to their original countries where they 're from . " But federal agents are not only watching them , they 're watching some of those who are listening . Neil Bryant Vinas , a young New Yorker who has pleaded guilty to plotting to attack trains on the Long Island Rail Road , met with al-Khattab . Al-Khattab said Vinas and "  some brothers " traveled to Atlantic City , New Jersey , and had dinner with him . Al-Khattab said they considered him something of a hero because he left Israel and converted to Islam . Al-Khattab also claims friendships with Tarek Mehanna , now under indictment in Boston , Massachusetts , on charges of conspiracy to provide material support to terrorists , and Daniel Maldonado , who pleaded guilty before a federal judge in Texas to receiving military training from Islamic militants in Somalia . Mohammed says he and his fellow radicals are "  commanded to terrorize the disbelievers ... making them fearful so that they will think twice before they go rape your mother or kill your brother or go onto your land and try to steal your resources . " "  We are defending innocent women that are bombed every day , innocent children that are bombed every day , " he said . But asked whether those who take their fliers should take up arms against Americans , he said , "  We certainly have never said that . " CNN 's Paul Cruickshank contributed to this report .	Radical Muslim converts defend violence against the U.S. outside a New York mosque Inside the mosque , an imam preaches against terrorism Authorities say the language walks "  right up to the line " of free speech protection See the full investigation on "  AC 360 " tonight , 10 ET
CNN  -- Oh there been times that I thought I could n't last for long But now I think I 'm able to carry on It 's been a long , a long time coming But I know a change gon na come , oh yes it will . -- Sam Cooke While many Americans continue to live on the "  outskirts of hope , " we still have reason to believe "  a change is gon na come . " President Ronald Reagan 's snarky comment in 1987 that "  We waged war on poverty , and poverty won " was inaccurate and inhumane . Poverty is different , less widespread , and much less prevalent among older Americans now than before Social Security . I know that from my own experience , my family 's experience , and the experience of the people I grew up with . A recent study by Columbia University confirms that experience : Adjusted for inflation , poverty fell from about 26 % in 1967 to 16 % in 2012 as a result of anti-poverty government policies and support . Yet , at the same time , the share of earned income available is shrinking in the private sector . The end result is fewer poor because of government 's safety nets , but more and more people living on the brink of poverty because they do n't have access to the wealth from our recovering economy . Contrary to what some affluent , arrogant and ignorant pundits are saying , President Lyndon Johnson 's War on Poverty had nothing to do with the expansion of welfare as we used to know it -- Aid to Families with Dependent Children . The major War on Poverty programs were about education , empowerment and the elderly -- Head Start , student aid and Medicare , to name a few . Growing up around poor whites and Latinos in Texas , Johnson understood that poverty in America does n't only have a black face . He launched the war on poverty in Appalachia , and later spoke movingly to Congress about the Mexican-American students whom he had taught as a very young man , saying : "  My students were poor and they often came to class without breakfast and hungry . And they knew even in their youth the pain of prejudice . They never seemed to know why people disliked them , but they knew it was so because I saw it in their eyes . ... And somehow you never forget what poverty and hatred can do when you see its scars on the hopeful face of a young child . " Fifty years later , in the photographs of Johnson talking with poor families in Appalachia , we see that he is really listening to them -- they are not strangers to each other . They are n't props for photo-ops . He has known these people all his life . And he never forgot where he came from . Marie Brookter , in her autobiography , "  Here I Am -- Take My Hand , " tells how Lyndon Johnson sought her counsel on his civil rights and poverty programs . When she called Johnson , or left a message at the White House front gate , he promptly called her back . He was open , humble , and genuinely seeking guidance in attacking poverty . We have become bound by a political straitjacket that frames every debate : Too much federal government . Yet our forefathers forged this system for us . The federal government can accomplish what the states , acting alone or even in concert , can not . Poverty is a national issue and needs a federal response . After all , U.S. federal government policies helped produce massive income inequality by lopsided breaks for the super wealthy . Since the '70s , government policies have driven the economic benefits that produced the biggest income gap between the top 1 % and the bottom 90 % since the Great Depression . For the first time in U.S. history , the bottom 90 % earn less than 50 % of the nation 's income . Even the rich , 52 % of them , tell pollsters the economic system favors the wealthy . The untold secret driving the obstruction to Obama 's economic equality agenda is this : The opposition is n't really battling Big Government . The opposition is protecting an economic system that 's putting more and more of the earned income out of reach for those aspiring to better themselves . Helping the poor does n't mean redistributing the wealth . It means removing the breaks that give the wealthy an advantage so huge that big chunks of the nation 's income are automatically removed from individual economic competition . We do n't have to frame every debate as right vs. wrong , left vs. right . Adjusting a wayward economy 's tilt to the wealthy should n't be an either-or , despite some pundits ' delight in false dilemmas . Even the weather gets treated as "  I win-you lose . " The mentality that we can "  come together " does n't exist today . But there 's nothing wrong about working to further reduce poverty , or giving all Americans a fair shot at working their way up . We , as a nation , have moral imperatives . We need to recognize that no one has all the answers . We need to agree that income inequality is a problem , that in the wealthiest nation on earth , people should not be both working and starving . We need government solutions . Members of Congress who obstruct our meeting the needs of the people need to return to their hometowns as private citizens . Trust me , "  A change is gon na come . " The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Donna Brazile .	Donna Brazile says while poverty has decreased , it has taken on a new form Brazile : Lyndon Johnson knew what poverty looked like among poor whites and Latinos Brazile : There 's a secret behind obstructing Barack Obama 's economic equality agenda
Polls closed Sunday after voters streamed into polling stations in eastern Ukraine to vote in controversial referendums held by pro-Russian activists eager to declare independence from Kiev , an official said . Voters in the city of Donetsk faced this question on the ballot : "  Do you support the Act of Independence of the People 's Republic of Donetsk ? " The options are "  yes " or "  no . " A similar question is being put to voters in Luhansk . Many of the voters were not on the outdated registration lists but were allowed to vote after showing identification documents . There also seemed to be no system in place to prevent one person from voting at multiple polling stations . A CNN crew saw several people vote twice at one polling station , where the ballot boxes were decorated with new Donetsk independence flags . There was also a report of video showing three men arrested near Slovyansk with boxes of "  yes " ballots in their car . But in a Sunday afternoon news conference , the head of the People 's Republic of Donetsk Central Election Committee , Boris Litvinov , disputed reports that people were voting twice in some areas . Litivinov said the lines were so long that many people had a hard time voting once , let alone twice . He also denied the report about ballot fraud . Litvinov said there was no reason for pro-Russian activists to cheat because voter turnout was so high . The polls were told to stay open for 14 hours , rather than the usual 12 , to allow time to add people to the voter list if necessary , the election committee said , adding that access to the most recent electoral rolls has been barred by Kiev . Litvinov was the official to announce that polls had closed . Results are expected later . Two incidents heightened tensions at polling places Sunday . Rubber bullets were fired into the air at a station in Donetsk , said election committee member Sergey Tretyakov . Tretyakov also said police in Krasnoarmeysk tried to prevent people from voting . The central government in Kiev has declared the polls illegal . Russia 's mixed messages The message coming from Moscow on the referendum appears mixed . Russian police officers oversaw voting at a Moscow polling station erected for expat Ukrainians to vote in the Donetsk and Luhansk referendums . But last week , Russian President Vladimir Putin also urged the pro-Russian sympathizers to delay the referendum to give dialogue "  the conditions it needs to have a chance . " Putin 's unexpected call appears to have dented the confidence of some pro-Russian activists . However , representatives of the pro-Russian groups in Donetsk and Luhansk voted to go ahead with it . Meanwhile , in Slovyansk , a Russian government-controlled TV channel was periodically showing a banner along the bottom of the screen that told viewers where they can vote in Sunday 's referendum . That channel , Russia 24 , is available over the air to residents of Donetsk , who can access it in their homes . The banner listed the location and voting hours and advised voters to bring a passport . The banner was shown only on the Russia 24 channel , not on other channels . Blood and balaclavas A vote for autonomy is a vote for the self-destruction of the east , Ukraine 's acting President Oleksandr Turchynov has said . It would cut residents off from the national economy and social programs , he said . "  It is a step -LSB- to -RSB- nowhere for these regions . It is euphoria that may lead to very complex consequences , and many people can already feel them . " They have felt the pain in bloodshed , at graves and in burned-out ruins still smoldering in the east , where ethnic Russian militiamen have battled Ukrainian security forces . At least seven people were killed and 39 others were injured Friday in the southeastern city of Mariupol , regional sources said . The electoral commission office in Donetsk was ringed with sandbags and barbed wire on Saturday . Men in balaclavas lounged outside tents pitched nearby , looking relaxed . They wore the orange-and-black St. George ribbon , which has become a symbol of the pro-Russian separatists . A dozen men lined up in front of the regional administration building to sign up for "  military service " with the pro-Russian Donetsk People 's Republic . They showed their ID documents and registered at a small tent . Deadly clashes have also stained Mariupol and Odessa , as well as Slovyansk , where separatists hold key government buildings and remain in a standoff with Ukrainian military forces . Militants have erected concrete barricades on the roads into town there . ` Illegitimate ' vote If the referendum passes , it would offer a stark contrast to recent polling by the Pew Research Center , which found 70 % of people in eastern Ukraine want the country to remain united . Litvinov said Sunday that if voters agree to secede from Ukraine , the next logical step is another referendum in the next several months on joining Russia . Whatever the outcome , the vote has already been condemned as illegitimate by several Western powers . German Chancellor Angela Merkel said Saturday , "  We consider the referendum ... illegitimate and focus on the  presidential  election on May 25 in the entire Ukraine . " The interim government in Kiev , which took power after ousted pro-Moscow President Viktor Yanukovych fled to Russia in February , is due to hold presidential elections May 25 . Russian meddling ? Merkel and French President Francois Hollande have warned that Russia could face consequences if the presidential vote does not go ahead as planned . "  If no internationally recognized presidential election were to take place , this would inevitably further destabilize the country , " Merkel said . In that case , she said , "  we are ready to take further sanctions against Russia . " Merkel and Hollande also said that Russian troops along the Ukrainian border "  should undertake visible steps to reduce their readiness . " Putin announced a troop pullback Wednesday , but NATO says it has seen no signs of a withdrawal of Russian forces from the border area . Russia annexed the southern region of Crimea after announced results in a separatist referendum showed more than 90 % in favor of joining Russia . In an independent Pew survey , 54 % of Crimea residents showed support for secession . The Kremlin has said that it has no interest in annexing other parts of Ukraine . But it is pushing for the country to adopt a constitution that would give regions where Russian is widely spoken a larger voice in policy-making . Critics fear that the creation of autonomous pro-Russian regions in Ukraine would cement alliances with the Kremlin that would give it essential control over them . Ukraine separatists vow to go ahead with controversial referendum	Polls close ; results are expected later Pro-Russian separatist denies allegations of voter election fraud CNN crew sees some voting twice at one polling station Kiev and West have condemned vote as illegitimate
CNN  -- I recently watched images of President Obama and Gov. Christie of New Jersey pledging to work together to get emergency aid to Hurricane Sandy 's victims as quickly as possible . Gov. Christie , you 'll recall , gave the keynote address at the Republican National Convention and spent a fair amount of time lambasting Obama during the campaign . But as they toured the damaged coastline together , I thought that many women watching across the country would be moved by the leadership of these two men and their willingness to transcend their partisan differences . A Washington Post Tracking Poll seemed to confirm this : 26 % of women nationally -- more than men , at 18 % -- reported that Obama 's handling of the hurricane response would be a major factor in determining their vote for president . Politicians take note : Women are often motivated by different things than men . Opinion : Women gain wider access to power And with their votes in Tuesday 's election , women sent important messages to President Obama and to leaders of both parties . A majority of women voted to re-elect the president , while a slightly smaller majority of men voted for Romney , according to exit polls . Obama also won a majority of women 's votes , with Romney winning a majority of men 's , in critical battleground states such as Ohio , Florida , Virginia , Wisconsin , Iowa , Nevada , and New Hampshire . Why did women and men vote this way ? The answer lies in part in their different views about government and the role it should play in our lives . First , women were voting for a more affirmative role on the part of the federal government . Men , more than women , have long said they favor dramatic cutbacks in the size of government . Women , more than men , worry that cutbacks will go too far ; they are concerned with preserving America 's social safety net for those in need $ " programs such as Medicaid , school lunches and child nutrition programs , and Supplemental Security Income for elderly and disabled individuals . This will be particularly important as President Obama and Congress work on a deal to save the country from falling off the fiscal cliff . Women will be watching to make sure that the basic social infrastructure is not threatened . Second , women care about their own health and welfare , and that of their families and other Americans . Consequently , they denied their votes to candidates that showed extremism on issues such as abortion and contraception and backed those who supported women 's right to control their reproductive decisions . Nowhere was this more apparent than in the Senate contests in Missouri and Indiana , two conservative states where voters strongly preferred Romney in the presidential race . But in the Senate race the majority of women voted for Democrat Claire McCaskill , while only about a third voted for Republican Todd Akin , who in a discussion of his no-exceptions policy on abortion , said in a televised interview in August that "  if it 's a legitimate rape , the female body has ways to try to shut that whole thing down . " Similarly , in Indiana , a majority of women voted for Democrat Joe Donnelly , helping him defeat Republican Richard Mourdock , who said in a U.S. Senate debate that "  even when life begins in that horrible situation of rape , that is something that God intended to happen . " Women 's personal views on abortion may vary , but few are not offended by extreme statements like these . Women voters , in general , would prefer that lawmakers devote their energy to solving the nation 's economic problems rather than regulating and restricting women 's access to contraception and their ability to make reproductive choices . Finally , women want strong leaders who can work across party lines to solve problems -- which brings us back to Christie and Obama . Women who were moved by Obama 's actions along the Jersey Shore would likely be pleased if he showed the same kind of unifying leadership in Washington . That may in part be why they helped reelect him . And they would be equally pleased to see Congress set aside its petty bickering and partisan gamesmanship and work with the president to solve the very grave problems our country confronts . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Susan Carroll .	Susan Carroll : Obama , Christie working together after Sandy resonated for women voters She says it 's because women motivated by different things -- like cooperation -- than men She says women voters sent message . First , they want strong social safety net Carroll : Women reject extremism , particularly on reproduction , want problem-solving leaders
San Francisco  CNN  -- San Francisco firefighters were battling a three-alarm blaze Wednesday at a downtown waterfront pier that 's slated to host events for the America 's Cup yacht race . So far , no injuries have been reported . About 75 firefighters were fighting the blaze at the Pier 29 warehouse building , San Francisco Fire Department Capt. Jeanne Seyler told CNN . The cause of the blaze , about a mile from the popular tourist site of Fisherman 's Wharf , was not immediately known , Seyler said . The pier is one of two on San Francisco 's Embarcadero set to house the America 's Cup Village for the 2013 yacht race . The facade and decorative archway at the front of the pier appear to have extensive damage . CNN recommends : Coast Guard says 2 bogus mayday calls possibly linked CNN 's Deanna Proeller and Augie Martin contributed to this report .	The blaze damaged a warehouse at San Francisco 's Pier 29 The pier is slated to host America 's Cup festivities in 2012 There wer no injuries from the three-alarm blaze , firefighters say
CNN  -- Austria 's Matthias Mayer scored an upset victory in the blue riband men 's downhill while hosts Russia claimed its first gold of the Winter Games in Sochi Sunday in a packed program of competition . The 23-year-old Mayer recovered from a slow start on the treacherous piste at Rosa Khutor to claim gold with a time of two minutes 06.23 seconds . Italian Christof Innerhofer took silver , just six-hundredths of a second behind , with Norway 's Kjetil Jansrud in the bronze medal position . BLOG : Sunday 's action live Pre-race favorites Bode Miller of the United States and world downhill champion Aksel Lund Svindal of Norway , finished eighth and fourth respectively . The 36-year-old Miller , in his final Olympics , had been quickest in two training runs , but mistakes on the middle section of the course , cost him dear . "  I wanted to ski it as hard as I could and not really back off , but it requires a lot of tactics today which I did n't apply , " he said . "  I feel disappointed . I skied hard and well , and that 's the most important thing . It just did n't go all right . " By contrast , Mayer , who chose the perfect moment to win his first major downhill competition , was in dreamland . "  This is unbelievable . I thought maybe in a few years I could dream of this sort of achievement . It was really cool and my family will be excited , " was his assessment . Mayer 's father Helmut won a silver medal in the super-G discipline at Calgary in 1988 and his son had a pre-race premonition he could go one better . "  I woke up this morning and I knew that I could win this race . I was smiling the whole day , all throughout the inspection . It was my day today , " he added . The alpine skiing hotbed of Austria has not produced an Olympic downhill champion since Fritz Stroebl in the 2002 Games in Salt Lake City and Mayer is following in the footsteps of legends such as Franz Klammer , the 1976 gold medalist in Innsbruck . Innerhofer looked like spoiling the Austrian party as he bettered Mayer 's time in the upper sections , but he narrowly missed out in one of the tightest finishes in Olympic downhill history . "  It has been a big dream for me to win a medal at the Olympic Games , so I ca n't really believe it , " admitted a stunned Innerhofer . "  I could n't be happier . " Svindal , so dominant on the World Cup circuit , was distraught to finish outside of a podium places by just 0.19 seconds . "  It is pretty much the worst place to be . I 've been there before and probably will be again , " the 31-year-old said . Svindal took silver in the downhill in Vancouver 2010 behind Switzerland 's Didier Defago , who was only 14th in his title defense in Sochi . The classic downhill opened proceedings on the second day of finals , while Russia 's figure skaters rounded off the day by clinching the team competition -- watched by President Vladimir Putin . Veteran Yevgeny Plushenko and 15-year-old Julia Lipnitskaia won their respective free skate competitions at the Iceberg Skating Palace to give Russia an unassailable lead ahead of the ice dance free dance later in the evening . "  I 'm 31 years and this means everything to me . It 's so much history , " said Plushenko , who was the 2006 Olympic champion and has won two silver medals in a glittering career . The new sport of slopestyle snowboarding has proved a big hit with spectators and television viewers and earlier Jamie Anderson completed a double for the United States . Her teammate Sage Kutsenburg won the men 's event Saturday and she followed it up with a superb display in the women 's final . Her massive score of 95.25 proved a class apart with Finland 's Enni Rukajarvi in second place on 92.50 with Britain 's Jenny Jones taking the bronze . The third gold medal of the day went to Dario Cologna , who won the Skiathlon 15km classic/15km freestyle event in Nordic Skiing . Cologna suffered an ankle injury at the start of the season and did not race until last month , but it did not prevent the Swiss , who won gold in the 2010 Winter Games , doubling up . "  It 's great -- a dream come true . The second gold after Vancouver . It 's very special , " he said . The first medal for Russia came as Olga Graf took bronze in the women 's 3,000 m speed skating . Ireen Wust maintained the early Dutch dominance in speed skating at Sochi by taking gold from silver medalist Martina Sablikova of the Czech Republic . In the 7.5 km sprint biathlon , defending champion Anastasiya Kuzmina of Slovakia took gold ahead of Russian hope Olga Vilukhina . Russian-born Kuzmina claimed gold in the sprint and silver in the 10km pursuit at Vancouver in 2010 . Germany 's Felix Loch dominated the men 's luge from start to finish to take gold with a combined time of three minutes 27.526 seconds over the four runs . Russian Albert Demchenko was left frustrated in his bid to become the oldest-ever Olympic champion at the age of 42 , but took a fine silver . Double Olympic champion Armin Zoeggler of Italy took bronze in a high-quality competition . Poland 's Kamil Stoch took the ski jumping title on the normal hill Sunday with jumps of 105.5 m and 103.5 m for a total of 278 points . Slovenia 's Peter Prevc was second , nearly 13 points adrift with Norway 's Anders Bardal taking the final podium spot . Switzerland 's Simon Ammann , 32 , double Olympic champion in 2006 and 2010 , finished back in 17th .	Austria 's Matthias Mayer wins men 's downhill Pre-race favorite Bode Miller can only manage eighth place Russia wins first gold in the team figure skating competition Jamie Anderson gives United States double in slopestyle
CNN  -- Like a combination of disinfectant and vomit . That 's how a Royal Caribbean cruise passenger described the ship 's smell after hundreds aboard fell ill . Shannon Blace had boarded the ship in Cape Liberty , New Jersey on January 21 for with her fiance and 10 other friends and family members . Of the 12 , nine got sick , she said Monday night . One of the women in her group got sick twice . By Tuesday morning , the number had risen to 10 when her fiance fell ill and was ordered quarantined in his room , she said . It was supposed to have been a 10-day cruise . But the liner announced it was cutting it short by two days as a result of the outbreak . The atmosphere in the ship 's usually bustling promenade deck was subdued on Tuesday . "  Everywhere you look , you see dreary sad faces , " Blace said in a telephone interview . "  Just unhappy people everywhere $ " waiting to get back to New Jersey . " In all , 622 of the 3,071 passengers and 50 of the 1,165 crew members became ill , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . They reported vomiting and diarrhea . A CDC vessel sanitation program epidemiologist , a contract epidemiologist and an environmental health officer boarded the ship in St. Thomas on the U.S. Virgin Islands to study the outbreak and the response on the voyage back to Cape Liberty . Five specimens were sent Sunday to the CDC lab for testing . The cause of the illness was not clear , though the symptoms are consistent with norovirus , the cruise line said . Noroviruses spread easily and are a common cause of gastroenteritis , which produces vomiting and diarrhea . "  The number of reported new cases of gastrointestinal illness has dropped sharply after a spike in the first days of the cruise , and most guests who fell ill are up and about , " the cruise line said Monday in a Monday . "  The drop in new cases is encouraging . However , it is not unusual in an outbreak to still have smaller , secondary spikes . That is why , after discussions with the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and our medical team , we decided the most prudent course for the health of our guests and crew was to bring the cruise home on Wednesday , two days earlier than planned . " The company said all passengers would get a 50 % refund and a 50 % credit for a future cruise . Those passengers who were ordered quarantined to their rooms will get an additional credit of one future cruise day for each day in confinement , it said . After returning to home port on Wednesday , the ship will be cleaned "  to make certain that any remaining traces of the illness are eliminated , " the liner said in a statement . "  Guests scheduled for the next cruise on Explorer of the Seas can be confident that all possible measures will have been taken to prevent further problems , " it added . Explorer of the Seas departed Cape Liberty on January 21 for what was to have been a 10-day cruise . It had been scheduled to call to Labadee , Haiti ; San Juan , Puerto Rico ; Charlotte Amalie , St. Thomas ; and Philipsburg , St. Maarten . It missed port calls in Haiti and St. Maarten . CNN 's Tom Watkins and Miriam Falco contributed to this report .	More than 20 % of passengers report being ill , CDC says The symptoms are consistent with norovirus Explorer of the Seas is cutting its cruise short by two days "  Just unhappy people everywhere -- waiting to get back to New Jersey , " says passenger
"  Heroes " lives : NBC helped kickstart the superhero TV trend in 2006 with "  Heroes , " an X-Men-ish action-drama about a group of people with superhuman powers . Now the network is bringing back the show for a 13-episode event series to air in 2015 . Original series creator Tim Kring is on board to run the show . Titled "  Heroes Reborn , " the project is billed as a stand-alone story ; the characters have not yet been announced . "  The enormous impact ` Heroes ' had on the television landscape when it first launched in 2006 was eye-opening , " said NBC Entertainment President Jennifer Salke . "  Shows with that kind of resonance do n't come around often and we thought it was time for another installment . We 're thrilled that visionary creator Tim Kring was as excited about jumping back into this show as we were and we look forward to all the new textures and layers Tim plans to add to his original concept . Until we get closer to air in 2015 , the show will be appropriately shrouded in secrecy , but we wo n't rule out the possibility of some of the show 's original cast members popping back in . " The news seems to echo Fox rebooting its action franchise "  24 " for a limited series to launch this May , though NBC has long been fond of recycling prior TV hits -- there have been short-lived new version of "  Bionic Woman , " "  American Gladiators , " "  Knight Rider , " and the network had also developed  but not aired  new editions of "  Wonder Woman " and "  Murder She Wrote . " Reviving "  Heroes , " which was canceled four years ago , might be met with some mixed feelings by the show 's fans , however . The show got off to a strong start in both ratings and acclaim  averaging 14.5 million viewers its first season  , then was widely considered to have creatively collapsed into a confused muddle and became a serialized TV cautionary tale . But with broadcast drama TV ratings on the decline , networks are increasingly turning to event series to grab attention , and brands that were cancelled years ago now seem like potential hits even if they only deliver a large percentage of their previous audience . Plus , "  Heroes " performed well on DVD , having sold more than 10 million units . "  Heroes " might be coming back onto a field with plenty of competition , depending on how many current superhero projects get renewed or greenlit . There 's The CW 's Arrow , its spinoff The Flash , Fox 's Batman prequel in the pipeline Gotham and ABC 's Marvel 's Agents of SHIELD . What do you think of Heroes coming back ? See the original story at EW.com .	"  Heroes Reborn " is slated for 2015 There will be 13 episodes It faces competition from other superhero projects
CNN Pentagon correspondent Barbara Starr and photojournalist Peter Morris traveled to southern Afghanistan with Gen. James Conway , commandant of the Marine Corps . CNN 's Barbara Starr is on assignment in Afghanistan , where she says Marines are living in very tough terrain . HELMAND PROVINCE , Afghanistan  CNN  -- Our travels in Afghanistan continue . I feel like the title of this posting should be "  why I had to get power-washed in Afghanistan " or "  the body armor is only heavy until they start shooting at you . " OK , now I will explain . CNN photojournalist Peter Morris and I just wrapped up spending several days in southern Afghanistan with Gen. James Conway , commandant of the Marine Corps , touring the combat zone . The Marines are living in some of the toughest terrain there is . It is remote and often raining . That means dust turns to mud , and you find yourself covered in it from head to toe . Stinky , cold , wet , oozy mucky mud . The good news is , everybody stinks , so you lose any sense of self-consciousness about it . But you do dream of getting power-washed . So , yes , after a few days a shower was , shall we say , more than essential . For the Marines , however , it is a seven-month tour of duty in mud in the winter and dust in the summer . It seems very grim , especially when compounded by the fact that the Marines are wearing heavy body armor all the time . Ask them if it 's heavy to wear , the typical answer goes something like , "  It 's only heavy to wear until the bad guys start shooting at you . Then it 's OK . " The young Marines know exactly how tough the fight they are facing in the coming weeks and months will likely be . Several of them told me security had gotten considerably worse in recent days . Their bases were being repeatedly shelled by insurgents , several roadside bombs had gone off , and local Afghan police had died at the hands of suicide attacks . Senior commanders usually have a more cheery outlook , but here in southern Afghanistan , everyone is cautious . Almost everyone is a veteran of Iraq and learned the tough lesson there about not declaring victory too soon . Even Conway , who commanded U.S. forces in Fallujah , picks his words very carefully . He tells me he believes that everyone must be ready for a spike in U.S. casualties as the Marines begin to move into the region in greater numbers this spring . All of this was rattling around in my head when I saw the Marines riding around in what they call "  a 7-ton truck . " As the name suggests , it 's huge and has some armor plating on the sides . But what it does n't make clear is that the truck is open in the back and sides . The Marines insist it is a safe way to transport troops . For years now , the Army has used fully armored vehicles only in the combat zone . The Marines have a somewhat different view . They believe heavy armor is n't everything ; sometimes being able to get around on the battlefield faster is better . But then again , when someone starts shooting at you , I think you want all the armor you can get . Next stop , Iraq . Yeah , there is still a war there , too .	With all the mud in southern Afghanistan , everyone stinks , Barbara Starr says Marines also wear heavy body armor all the time , adding to the discomfort Armor is only heavy "  until the bad guys start shooting at you , " Marines say Marines often travel in "  7-ton truck " that 's open in the back and sides
CNN  -- Sebastian Vettel is so dominant in Formula One right now that his rivals must be hoping for help from the heavens , but even the weather seems unlikely to stop the Red Bull driver from a fourth successive win at Sunday 's Korean Grand Prix . A typhoon had been forecast to hit this week in Yeongam , but conditions have died down -- although there is still a possibility of rain during the race . Vettel , however , was unconcerned after clinching his sixth pole position of 2013 with another commanding performance in Saturday 's qualifying at the Korean International Circuit . The German headed off Mercedes ' Lewis Hamilton , who was fastest in Friday 's second practice , while Red Bull teammate Mark Webber was third fastest -- though the Australian will start 13th on the grid after his third reprimand of the season at Singapore . Interactive : F1 gears up for more Gangnam Style "  It 's not a disaster if it starts to rain , " Vettel told reporters after setting pole for the third successive race , at a venue where he has won the past two years . "  Same as usual we have rain tires in the garage but obviously they 're talking about heavy wind . "  I arrived on Wednesday and it was very , very windy . Since then the wind seems to have died down and I think the typhoon has changed direction . I think tomorrow should be fine in terms of conditions -- whether it is dry or wet . "  If we get some of the rain from the typhoon is n't 100 % clear at the moment but , as I said , it does n't matter . Most important is that we did the job . " Hamilton also had five pole positions going into qualifying , but was just over two-tenths of a second slower than Vettel -- who leads the championship by 60 points as he seeks a fourth successive world title . "  We did as good a job as we could , " said 2008 world champion Hamilton . "  I felt like I got the most out of the car and perhaps there 's always a little bit of room to improve but in general it 's been a good weekend so far , so I really hope that tomorrow we 're able to fight with them . " Webber is paying the price for receiving a lift from Ferrari 's Fernando Alonso following his car 's late failure in Singapore , an act of friendship that left both drivers in trouble with the race stewards . "  We had to take a bit of pace out of the car for qualifying . Not much but just looking at how we would compromise qualifying a little bit more for the race , " said the 37-year-old , who has six races left before quitting F1 to drive for Porsche in the World Endurance Championship . "  I think the race will be interesting . Obviously well and truly out of position but we will fight and come back through . " Lotus ' Romain Grosjean will head the second row after qualifying fourth , followed by Mercedes ' Nico Rosberg and Alonso -- who criticized tire supplier Pirelli after being more than 0.8 seconds slower than Vettel . "  It 's a tire that can not do five kilometers . If you push them , you finish them -- which is not normal , " said the two-time world champion , who won the inaugural Korean race in 2010 . "  I 'm sure all the cars , if they pushed 100 % from the start of a lap , they would not do five kilometers . So it is not very helpful and not very nice to drive like this , at 95 % of the lap . "  We are getting used to them being unable to last one lap , getting used to these marbles  rubber debris on the track  so you have two meters of racing line . Three or four years ago no-one would have thought this was possible . " Alonso 's teammate Felipe Massa will start sixth ahead of Sauber 's Nico Hulkenberg and Esteban Gutierrez . Kimi Raikkonen , who will replace Massa at Ferrari next year , will be ninth ahead of the McLaren duo of Sergio Perez and Jenson Button .	Championship leader Sebastian Vettel has most pole positions in 2013 German will head grid for Sunday 's Korean Grand Prix from Lewis Hamilton Vettel 's teammate Mark Webber qualifies third but will start from 13th place Lotus ' Romain Grosjean heads the second row along with Mercedes ' Nico Rosberg
CNN  -- Former vice presidential candidate Sarah Palin joined the national battle over Arizona 's controversial new immigration law Saturday , appearing with Gov. Jan Brewer in Phoenix to denounce the Obama administration 's criticism of the law . "  It 's time for Americans across this great country to stand up and say ` We 're all Arizonans now and , in clear unity , we say Mr. President , do your job , secure our border , ' " Palin said , standing beside Brewer at a Saturday afternoon press conference . Brewer used the event to announce her first appointment to the state 's new Joint Border Security Advisory Committee and the launch of a Website to combat what she said was a national misinformation campaign about the state 's new law . Palin and Brewer , both Republicans , decried plans by opponents of the new law to boycott the state in protest . Passed in April , the law requires immigrants in Arizona to carry their registration documents at all times and allows police to question individuals ' immigration status in the process of enforcing any other law or ordinance . Critics say it will lead to racial profiling , while supporters deny that and say it is needed to crack down on increasing crime involving illegal immigrants . President Obama has criticized the Arizona law , saying that in dealing with the immigration issue , "  the answer is n't to undermine fundamental principles that define us as a nation . " "  You can imagine if you are an Hispanic American in Arizona , your great grandparents may have been there before Arizona was even a state , but now suddenly if you do n't have your papers , and you took your kid out to get ice cream , you 're gon na be harassed , " Obama said , referring to the statute at a April rally in Iowa . "  That 's something that could potentially happen , " he said . "  That 's not the right way to go . " Brewer signed a package of changes to the law shortly after it passed that she said addressed concerns about profiling , though critics said the changes made little difference . Palin joined Brewer on Saturday in denying the statute would lead to racial profiling . "  I think for most American people the reaction to that would be , ` Why are n't  police  already doing that ? ' " the former Alaska governor said . "  And while Mexico 's president has begun to crack down on the violent drug cartels and corruption in his own country , " she continued , "  It 's time for the United States government to enforce the rule of law as well . " Brewer also took jabs at Obama and the federal government . "  Our border is being erased and our president apparently considers it a wonderful opportunity to divide people along racial lines for his personal political convenience , " she said .	Sarah Palin joined Arizona Gov. Jan Brewer to defend new immigration law Brewer unveiled new Website to educate the country about law Critics say new law will lead to racial profiling , while supporters reject notion
Istanbul  CNN  -- Turkey moved one step closer to prosecuting the senior commanders behind a military coup in 1980 when a Turkish court approved on Tuesday a prosecutor 's indictment of retired army general and former president Kenan Evren , semi-official Anatolian Agency reported . Ankara 's 12th Heavy Crime Court also announced retired air force chief Tahsin Sahinkaya was included in the indictment . According to Anatolian , the indictment suggests life imprisonment for Evren and Sahinkaya for allegedly committing "  acts against the forces of the state . " Some Turkish media have drawn parallels to the landmark prosecution of Chile 's once unassailable military dictator Augusto Pinochet . Evren , now 94 , led the overthrow of the Turkish government when he ordered tanks out into the streets of the capital in the pre-dawn hours of September 12 , 1980 . The overthrow brought an end to years of bloody killings between right - and left-wing Turkish militants , and many prominent voices in Turkey and abroad initially welcomed the coup . A Time magazine cover from the time even featured a "  paternalistic portrait of General Evren clasping a collage of the Istanbul skyline in his arms with the caption ` Holding Turkey Together ' , " according to "  Turkey Unveiled , a History of Modern Turkey . " But in the aftermath of the military take-over , accounts of human rights abuses began to emerge . Hundreds of thousands of people were thrown in jail , many of them tortured . The military junta also disbanded political parties , jailed senior politicians , and sentenced hundreds of people to death . "  September 12th is the mother of all coups in Turkey 's history , " said Yasemin Congar , columnist and deputy editor of the Turkish daily newspaper "  Taraf . " "  It damaged the whole country and probably caused incurable damage on one whole generation of the youth in this society . " Hugh Pope , co-author of "  Turkey Unveiled , " said the coup "  brought Turkish politics back to the kindergarten . " " -LSB- Evren -RSB- somehow wanted to force the politicians to be less conflictual , but he did so by dumbing them down to the point that Turkey 's political system is still recovering from it , " he said . "  Unfortunately the consequences of his actions ruined so many people 's lives . One has to wonder how Turkey is going to deal with that . " According to an article in the Turkish constitution , which was written by the military junta in 1982 , Evren and his fellow officers were protected from prosecution . But recent constitutional changes drafted and ratified by prime minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan 's ruling Justice and Development Party cleared the way for a prosecutor to question Evren at his home last year . Erdogan 's government has also overseen the arrest and trial of dozens of other army generals accused of a much more recent military coup plot , which was never successfully carried out . According to Anatolian Agency , authorities arrested retired general Hursit Tolon on Tuesday in connection to the more recent plot . And last week , authorities detained retired general Ilker Basbug , who commanded the Turkish armed forces until 2010 . Some critics have called the prosecutions a witch hunt , targeting political opponents of Erdogan 's government . Other argue it has been a vital process to bring the military under the control of elected civilian leaders . Since 1960 , the once politically-dominant Turkish armed forces have overthrown four governments . "  Ending the belief of impunity is very , very important , " said Congar of ` Taraf ' newspaper , which has published many damning reports about the Turkish military in recent years . "  It 's a huge step , obviously very late . These generals are very old . But it 's still symbolically very important for this country . "	Turkish court approves indictments in 1980 military coup , Anatolian Agency reports Former army general Kenan Evren and air force chief Tahsin Sahinkaya are named While initially welcomed , Evren 's military junta was blamed for human rights abuses The country is still struggling with the coup 's aftermath , observers say
CNN  -- A former Akron , Ohio , police captain who was convicted of murdering his wife in 1997 has been cleared of the crime and released after more than 14 years in prison . Douglas Prade walked out of the Madison Correctional Institution around 4:30 p.m. Tuesday , CNN affiliate WOIO reported , a few hours after Summit County Common Pleas Judge Judy Hunter ruled he was innocent of the crime and ordered him released . County officials said they will appeal the decision . Margo Prade , a popular doctor , was found dead of multiple gunshot wounds in her vehicle in her office 's parking lot in November 1997 . Douglas Prade was indicted for aggravated murder the next February and convicted in September of that year . He was sentenced to life in prison . The case dominated local headlines for months and was the subject of crime shows on national TV . Although DNA tests conducted at the time were inconclusive , the main evidence against the captain was a bite mark on the victim 's arm and lab coat that a prosecution expert matched to her husband 's teeth . No weapon was found and prosecutors produced no one who witnessed the killing . With help from the University of Cincinnati 's Innocence Project , Douglas Prade appealed the conviction and eventually won a ruling from the Ohio Supreme Court in 2010 that allowed the DNA evidence to be retested using newer methods . When the results came back , none of the DNA evidence could be matched to Douglas Prade . "  The defendant has been conclusively excluded as the contributor of the male DNA on the bite mark section of the lab coat or anywhere else , " Hunter wrote in her 26-page ruling Tuesday . Hunter also cast serious doubt on the reliability of bite-mark evidence , leaving the prosecution with little to go on . "  The DNA results prove what Prade has said all along , that he is 100 % innocent , " Carrie Woods , Prade 's Innocence Project lawyer , said after a hearing last summer . "  The Court is not unsympathetic to the family members , friends and community who want to see justice for Dr. Prade , " Hunter wrote . "  However , the evidence that the defendant presented in this case is clear and convincing . Based on the review of the conclusive Y-STR DNA test results and the evidence from the 1998 trial , the court is firmly convinced that no reasonable juror would convict the defendant for the crime of aggravated murder with a firearm . " She ordered that Prade be released from prison "  forthwith . " Summit County law enforcement officials were dismayed at the decision . "  This is a gross misapplication of the law , and we will be appealing Prade 's exoneration , " county Prosecutor Sherri Bevan Walsh said in a news release . "  All of the evidence clearly points to Prade as Dr. Margo Prade 's killer , " Akron Police Chief James Nice said in the same release . "  He was proven guilty in front of a jury using a substantial amount of other evidence . " If Ohio 's Ninth District Court of Appeals reverses Hunter 's ruling , the state will have 30 days to file a motion seeking a new trial , Walsh 's office said . "  I feel like my life is in danger and my family 's life is in danger now .  Dr. Prade and her mother  are probably turning over in their graves , but God will have the final say , " Tony Fowler , Margo Prade 's nephew , told CNN affiliate WEWS . "  The decision is unfair and unjust , in my opinion , " Tammy Fowler , a niece , told the station .	Judge in Akron , Ohio , finds man innocent of crime for which he was convicted in 1998 Capt. Douglas Prade was found guilty of killing his wife , Dr. Margo Prade New analysis of DNA from victim 's lab coat excludes the defendant , court rules Innocence Project client released from prison hours later ; prosecutors will appeal
Mashable  -- For all their buzz and value , location-based social networks have n't really gone mainstream yet . Only 7 percent of Americans are aware of location-based social networks , according to data from Edison Research . Part of the explanation for this is that the majority of mobile users are n't using smartphones . And as a result , just 10 percent of those surveyed use mobile location services at least once a week , according to the Mobile Marketing Association 's latest Mobile Consumer Briefing survey . For smartphone users , like those of the iPhone  a popular device among early adopters  , that number jumps all the way up to 63 percent . Still , even with smartphones predicted to overtake feature phones sometime next year , there may still be adoption hurdles for location-based social networks . Here 's a look at why location-based services have n't yet hit critical mass and what those platforms are doing about it . Privacy concerns remain an issue Kristine van Dillen , director of industry initiatives and partnerships at the Mobile Marketing Association , said location-based services are n't growing as quickly as they should be . One reason for the lag is concern over privacy and who has access to users ' data . Sites like PleaseRobMe.com , which humorously bring awareness to location-based privacy issues , may have scared some social media users from opting in . Furthermore , the use of geo-location data for commercial purposes has also raised concerns , prompting the Congressional subcommittee on Commerce , Trade and Consumer Protection to hold hearings on the issue . Concerns about loopholes in Foursquare that give others the ability to announce your check-inshave also been raised . "  There 's still a perceived risk in accessing location data , " van Dillen said . Location-based service providers are addressing these concerns by giving consumers more control . Most current iterations of the popular location-based networks allow users to opt-out of location tagging and notifying users when their location is being shared . Consumer education is also key . Users need to know how their location data will be used , and feel comfortable that the companies that have access to it will behave responsibly , according to van Dillen . She said consumers will become more comfortable sharing information with their friends and trusted applications . Brands will view these services as less risky , and more mainstream , and new types of location-based services will come to the forefront . Where is the value ? Because of privacy concerns , it is imperative for location-based services to clearly communicate the value proposition to users . Without a clear picture of what they 're getting in return , users may be hesitant to share location data . One of the ultimate promises of location-based check-ins is more accurately targeted advertising . For some users , the privacy concerns of sharing their location might be trumped by the potential utility of receiving highly targeted advertising and promotions . However , even though Gowalla , Foursquare , BrightKite and Yelp allow for check-ins at "  places , " rather than just map coordinates , which makes the data more valuable for targeted advertising , actual advertiser value has n't yet totally materialized . Michael Boland , a senior analyst and program director at BIA/Kelsey said check-ins represent the makings of a business model , but they have n't reached their full potential value yet because there is n't a well-defined system to buy and sell advertising . "  I think it does have a lot of staying power . We 're only going to see it grow and evolve , " he said . For early adopters , though , the long-term promise of more value through targeted ads , coupons and deals , along with the game mechanics  i.e. , badges and "  mayor " competitions  instituted by some networks has made location-based services worth the potential privacy headaches . As Twitter and Facebook move into the location tagging space , they might finally take the trend mainstream . During its Chirp developer conference in April , Twitter announced the launch of its annotations feature , which gives users the ability to attach metadata to tweets , including location . Facebook , meanwhile , will also reportedly soon enable members to add location details to their status updates and release an API so other apps can offer location ability to Facebook users . Each network faces the usual hurdles for location adoption . For Twitter , the biggest problem might be convincing users of the value of location-enabled tweets . Twitter has yet to clearly communicate to users what they get in return for adding location to their tweets . On their knowledge base page explaining the feature they write that location will help you "  add context to your updates and help you join the local conversation , wherever you are . " Twitter gives an example of one user tweeting about the weather in one location , while another user tweets about traveling to that very location . Unfortunately for Twitter , compared to sites like Foursquare and Gowalla which clearly indicate the value -- every check-in is part of a game , you can find your friends , get tacit recommendations for places to go , and maybe score a deal or two -- Twitter is only communicating what feels like a very niche and impractical value proposition . Further , because location is off by default for all users , without a more clearly communicated message , the feature may remain off for many people . Facebook , meanwhile , faces the other major problem : Privacy . Because Facebook has had so many different privacy issues over the years , many users are wary of new features . And Facebook has n't always had the best track record when it comes to rolling out new features in a way that people trust . So how they roll out location to users and how well they do at making users feel that their information is safe may be make or break for location on Facebook . One thing Facebook does have in its favor is a great track record of getting people to eventually use new services en masse -- concerns or not . When Facebook launched its news feed feature in 2006 it faced a very vocal user backlash . A few months and a few tweaks later , the feature was widely used and has become an integral part of the service . The advantage for both Twitter and Facebook is that their users already have a built-in network of followers and friends , so they do n't have to sign up for a new service and start adding people to it . The location feature is simply an add-on to their existing account . "  Facebook could really be the looming giant that could wipe all -LSB- other location services -RSB- away , " Boland said . "  Facebook has proven to have so many users who are mobile . If they turn on that feature , it 's the looming category killer . " What remains to be seen is if the users will go for it .  2010 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	Sites and apps that let users track their locations get buzz from tech media But the sites are not achieving mainstream popularity , according to surveys Only 7 percent of Americans are aware of location-based social networks Facebook and Twitter may soon popularize the idea , however .
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The U.S. government has charged an international arms dealer with conspiring to sell a rebel group millions of dollars in weapons "  to be used to kill Americans in Colombia , " federal prosecutors announced Tuesday . Viktor Bout is accused of selling missiles , rockets and other weapons to FARC , a Colombian rebel group . Viktor Bout , who was recently captured in Thailand , had agreed to sell the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia  FARC  surface-to-air missiles , armor-piercing rocket launchers , "  ultralight " airplanes , unmanned aerial vehicles , and other weapons , the U.S. Department of Justice said in a news release . There was no immediate public response from Bout , who remains in custody in Thailand . Federal authorities unsealed an indictment charging Bout with four terrorism offenses : conspiracy to kill U.S. nationals , conspiracy to kill U.S. officers or employees , conspiracy to acquire and use an anti-aircraft missile , and conspiracy to provide material support or resources to a designated foreign terrorist organization . FARC is designated a terrorist organization by the U.S. State Department . Justice Department officials said they are seeking Bout 's extradition to the United States . The indictment alleges that Bout made agreements with FARC between November 2007 and March of this year . In their news release , federal prosecutors said Bout agreed to sell weapons "  to two confidential sources " working with the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration , who had "  represented that they were acquiring these weapons for the FARC , with the specific understanding that the weapons were to be used to attack United States helicopters in Colombia . " The news release also refers to a "  covertly recorded meeting in Thailand on March 6 , 2008 . " "  With the unsealing of this indictment , we are one step closer to ensuring Bout has delivered his last load of high-powered weaponry and armed his final terrorist , " DEA Acting Administrator Michele M. Loenhart said in the news release . Attorney General Michael Mukasey last month singled out Bout as a leading example of a new breed of organized crime leaders who operate across international boundaries to amass wealth without regard to political ideology . "  Viktor Bout has long been considered by the international community as one of the world 's most prolific arms traffickers , " U.S. Attorney Michael Garcia said in the news release Tuesday . Bout 's assets in the United States were frozen in 2004 after he allegedly shipped weapons to Liberia in violation of U.S. government restrictions .	Viktor Bout offered to sell surface-to-air missiles , rockets to FARC Arms dealer captured in Thailand . U.S. seeks extradition U.S. says Bout is an example of a new breed of organized crime leaders
CNN  -- A federal appeals court sided with the government Monday , allowing the military to maintain its "  do n't ask , do n't tell " policy during an appeal of a lower court ruling that the law barring openly gay and lesbian soldiers is unconstitutional . The ruling by a three-judge panel of the 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals means that the policy remains in place while the government appeals a federal judge 's ruling against it . One of the three judges on the panel dissented against parts of Monday 's decision . In response to the panel 's ruling , the Log Cabin Republicans , a GOP gay rights group that filed the lawsuit against the "  do n't ask , do n't tell " policy , can now appeal it to the full 9th Circuit appellate court and or make an emergency application directly to the U.S. Supreme Court . Dan Woods , an attorney with White & Case who represents the Log Cabin Republicans , said the appeal would continue and he raised the possibility of seeking emergency relief from the nation 's highest court . "  We will continue to fight on for the constitutional rights of these Americans and look forward to a favorable decision on the merits of the appeal , " Woods said in a statement . "  Meanwhile , we will discuss the court 's order with our client to determine whether we will ask for a review of the order by the U.S. Supreme Court . " In Monday 's ruling , the judges said they had to weigh the harm of continuing the "  do n't ask , do n't tell " policy against the potential harm in forcing the military to drop the policy before it is ready . "  We conclude that the government 's colorable allegations that the lack of an orderly transition in policy will produce immediate harm and precipitous injury are convincing , " the ruling said . "  Colorable " means the court believes the allegations have a reasonable chance of being found valid . "  We also conclude that the public interest in ensuring orderly change of this magnitude in the military -- if that is what is to happen -- strongly militates in favor of a stay , " the ruling said . Pentagon spokesman Col. Dave Lapan told CNN in an e-mail message that the appellate panel 's decision was "  appropriate . " In their ruling , the judges also noted that legislation pending before Congress to repeal the policy would render the case before them moot . The House has passed a repeal provision , and the Senate is expected to consider it as part of a broader defense authorization bill when it returns for a lame-duck session in mid-November . President Barack Obama wants to repeal the "  do n't ask , do n't tell " policy and reached an agreement with Defense Secretary Robert Gates and Adm. Mike Mullen , the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , on a process that includes a military review of how to make a successful transition to openly gay and lesbian soldiers serving alongside straight colleagues . Obama , Gates and Mullen would then have to certify the repeal . The case puts Obama 's administration in an unusual position of supporting a repeal but filing court motions to prevent it from happening faster than planned . The legislation before Congress includes the process for repeal agreed to with Gates and Mullen . In response to the court case , Gates recently raised the level at which gay and lesbian troops can be discharged under "  do n't ask , do n't tell " by ordering that it only be done by the secretaries of the Army , Navy and Air Force . In a memo written to the heads of all the military services , Gates said his action was taken in direct response to the legal uncertainty surrounding "  do n't ask , do n't tell " law and policy . "  Effective immediately and until further notice , no military member shall be separated ... without the personal approval of the secretary of the military department concerned , in coordination with the under secretary of Defense for personnel and readiness and the general counsel of the Defense Department . These functions may not be delegated , " Gates wrote . CNN 's Adam Levine , Tom Cohen and Jennifer Rizzo contributed to this story .	NEW : Pentagon spokesman calls ruling appropriate The case could now go to the full appeals court or the Supreme Court A lower court judge ruled the policy is unconstitutional The government appealed the lower court ruling
Clay , Alabama  CNN  -- Alabama Gov. Robert Bentley on Tuesday toured communities hit by a tornado that destroyed or damaged hundreds of homes and killed two people . "  I do not understand , except by God 's grace , that people can survive some of the damage that I see in some of the residential areas , " Bentley said . The National Weather Service confirmed at least three tornadoes touched down in Alabama early Monday . Two were detected in north central Tuscaloosa County , while the third hit near the town of Clay in Jefferson County , packing winds estimated at 150 miles per hour . The storm destroyed at least 211 homes and seriously damaged another 218 in Jefferson County alone , according to the Alabama Red Cross . The severe weather obliterated the three-story home of Darrell Heichelbech , his wife and two children . Daughter Christina Heichelbech , 16 , was one of two killed in the storm . "  She had just such spirit , such life ... She was the kind of kid you wanted to have , " her father told CNN , barely able to speak through tears . "  All her plans were coming into play , and now they 're gone . I do n't know what to do . " The girl 's family found her about 40 feet from the house , he told The Birmingham News . She was still on her mattress . "  She just looked like she was sleeping like a baby , " the newspaper quoted the father as saying . "  But she was n't sleeping . She was gone . " Heichelbech said the storm woke him up , and he called for his family to get downstairs , according to the newspaper . But he said the storm hit as soon as his 13-year-old son emerged from his room . "  I grabbed a hold of his legs and held on as hard as I could , " the newspaper quoted him as saying . "  I felt wind , but no movement . It was a blink of an eye . There 's no question in my mind we took a direct hit . " Authorities said the storm also killed Bobby Sims , 83 , a resident of Oak Grove , a community west of Birmingham . At least seven Alabama counties reported damage from the storm , with the majority in Jefferson and Chilton counties , the governor 's office said . Bentley pledged "  whatever resources we have available " to take care of victims . In Jefferson County , five schools remained closed Tuesday , including one that will have to be torn down . Center Point Elementary was 80 % destroyed , district spokeswoman Nez Calhoun said . "  It 's like Mother Nature has a mean way of doing things , " Calhoun said . "  This building was only six or seven years old . We added 22 classrooms for growth . " The storm comes less than nine months after a tornado outbreak killed 243 people across Alabama , including 61 in Birmingham and Tuscaloosa . "  The one thing that we can say is thank goodness we 're not looking at what happened in this state last year in April , " Art Faulkner , director of the Alabama Emergency Management Agency , said Monday . CNN 's Reynolds Wolf and Rick Martin contributed to this report .	NEW : Storm killed 2 people ; the father of the younger victim recalls his daughter Alabama governor tours hard-hit communities Five schools in Jefferson County remained closed after storm Storms come less than nine months after a tornado outbreak that killed 243 in Alabama
Senate supporters of a bipartisan budget compromise that aims to prevent another shutdown moved close Monday to securing the votes they need to clear a crucial upcoming test vote after several conservative Republicans announced their support . While all the votes are not locked in , Senators and aides in both parties said they expected to break a filibuster Tuesday and that the budget would pass later this week . Orrin Hatch of Utah , Ron Johnson of Wisconsin and Johnny Isakson of Georgia joined four other Senate Republicans who had already said they will either support the bill or , at a minimum , vote in favor of critical procedural motions that require a supermajority of 60 votes to prevail . That should happen if most of the 55 members of the Democratic caucus also vote yes , which is likely . Sen. Saxby Chambliss of Georgia , a retiring Republican who spent months attempting to negotiate a deficit deal with Democrats , said he would vote in favor of the procedural motions but had n't decided what to do on final passage . Democratic leadership aides said they expect to hold all their members on the budget , which was approved by the House last week overwhelmingly and is supported by the White House . But they acknowledged a few liberals might drop off because the deal does n't include an extension of unemployment benefits or a few moderate Democrats might vote no because the deal does n't do enough to lower the deficit . Right now no Democrat has announced opposition . Massachusetts Democratic Sen. Elizabeth Warren , a liberal , refused to say how she would vote . She kept her eyes fixed on the ground as reporters asked her several times about her position until the door to the Capitol elevator she was in closed . Sen. Kay Hagen , a centrist Democrat of North Carolina , who is facing a difficult re-election fight , said she would vote for the procedural motions but remains undecided on the bill . Another moderate , Sen. Mark Pryor , D-Arkansas , who is also facing a tough re-election , said he would vote in favor of both . Johnson , who was lobbied to support the bill by fellow Wisconsin Republican Rep. Paul Ryan , one the authors of the deal , said , "  I just want to make sure we avoid any additional government shutdowns.The federal government does enough harm to our economy . We do n't ' need to add additional harm by this crisis management . In the end this is not the kind of deal I would want to see . I 'm sure it 's not the kind of deal Paul Ryan would want to produce . " Hatch said in a statement that "  sometimes the answer has to be yes . " "  Ultimately , his agreement upholds the principles conservatives stand for and , with Democrats controlling the White House and the Senate , it is the best we can hope for , " he said . If the budget clears the test vote , final passage is expected no later than Thursday . CNN vote count : Budget deal nearing Senate approval , but not there yet Final congressional approval of the elusive budget agreement would mark a rare win for bipartisanship and a step up for a Congress infected with political dysfunction and held in low public esteem with midterm elections less than a year off . It would also avert another government shutdown like the one in October that Americans largely blamed on Congress . "  I think it would be outrageous to shut down the government and I 'm not going to do that to my constituents who I represent , " said Sen. John McCain , R-Arizona , who has said he plans to vote for the bill . "  I hope it will pass the Senate , " he said Sunday on CNN 's "  State of the Union . " Other key GOP members Most GOP senators , raising a variety of concerns , are expected to vote against the bill . "  I 'm concerned we have once again kicked the can down now a long road , " said Sen. Dan Coats , R-Indiana , who said he is undecided . "  I 'm leaning strongly against it , " said Sen. Chuck Grassley , R-Iowa , a veteran lawmaker who opposes some of the fees the bill raises . Democrats wary , too While Democrats are more likely to vote in favor of the bill , many have concerns . More liberal senators -- like Tom Harkin of Iowa -- complained that an unemployment benefit extension was not included in the deal . "  There 's over a million people now who can not find a job , out of work , and right at this time of year their unemployment insurance is being cut off , " Harkin told Radio Iowa last week . "  It 's really unconscionable . " Budget deal struck The budget agreement , which was months in the making , eases spending caps for the next two fiscal years while softening the impact of across-the-board spending cuts , known as the sequester , on defense and nondefense programs . Do n't expect Boehner to totally change his tune Current federal spending expires in mid-January , raising the possibility of another shutdown at that time if there 's not a new agreement in place to keep federal coffers filled . The strong vote in the House on the budget plan on Thursday -- 332-94 -- brought a collective sigh of relief among supporters , who initially thought it would sail through the Senate , where bipartisanship has been more the norm than in the sharply divided House . But after reading details of the agreement , many Senate Republicans -- including several in leadership positions -- came out against the bill . "  I 'd really like to stay within the  spending  caps , " complained Sen. John Boozman , R-Arkansas . "  This busts the caps and as a result I 'll vote against it . " "  I believe it will do disproportionate harm to our military retirees , " said Sen. Lindsay Graham , R-South Carolina , in announcing his opposition . "  We need to find a better way to save $ 6 billion than take it out of the hides of our retired veterans , " said Sen. Roger Wicker , R-Mississippi , who said he would vote against the bill . Graham , Wicker , and Sen. Kelly Ayotte , R-New Hampshire , sent a letter to their Senate colleagues urging them to oppose the bill over the reduction in military benefits . It was unclear if the emergence of the politically sensitive issue would increase opposition . One Senator said outside interest groups for service members and veterans were caught off guard by the provision in the agreement and were just now beginning to mobilize against it . Sen. Mike Johanns , R-Nebraska , said he finds the military pension issue "  bothersome " but remains undecided on how to vote . "  I would n't say leaning yes or leaning no . I 'm very concerned about the package but I can also see the merits of a two-year deal . So I want the weekend to think about it , " he said . Why the deal could happen The retiring first-term lawmaker predicted the bill will pass the Senate regardless of how he votes . Midterm primaries , and 2016 The top Senate Republican , Mitch McConnell , R-Kentucky , has hinted strongly he will vote against it . He cites the weakening of the budget sequester as a key complaint . The same is true for his top two lieutenants -- Sen. John Cornyn of Texas and Sen. John Thune of South Dakota -- both of whom have declared they will oppose the compromise . McConnell and Cornyn are up for re-election and both face primary challenges from the right . That might explain some of their sensitivity to giving up on the budget cuts , which are very popular with conservative voters . Three leading tea party-backed senators with 2016 presidential aspirations -- Rand Paul of Kentucky , Ted Cruz of Texas , and Marco Rubio of Florida -- also have come out against it for similar reasons .	The House passed a compromise budget bill easily , sending it to the Senate Bill aims to avert another government shutdown as early as mid-January It would also ease unpopular spending cuts to the military and other programs Some conservatives come out for the budget bill ahead of Tuesday test vote
Inspectors are looking into the cause of a coal slurry spill in West Virginia 's eastern Kanawha County after it blackened six miles of a creek , officials with the state Department of Environmental Protection said Tuesday . More than 100,000 gallons of the coal slurry is believed to have flowed into Fields Creek , a tributary of the Kanawha River , officials said . Inspectors are testing the water to determine exactly how much leaked into the creek , the officials said . The spill at Patriot Coal was caused when a valve inside a slurry line malfunctioned , the state environmental protection officials said . Containment efforts by Patriot Coal began immediately , and cleanup activities are underway , said Janine Orf , a vice president at Patriot Coal . State EPA spokesman Tom Aluise said the water in the county was safe to drink , though West Virginia American Water has a "  do not use " alert in place for pregnant women in the Kanawha Valley after an unrelated January 9 spill . Federal grand jury investigates West Virginia chemical spill Word of the slurry spill comes as West Virginia is trying to recover from the January spill that leaked 4-methylcyclohexane methanol , known as MCHM , into the water . The chemical , used to wash coal before it goes to market in order to reduce ash , leaked into the Elk River and from there into Charleston 's water supply on January 9 . The result was a do-not-use order that left about 300,000 people in the area unable to drink or bathe in their water , some for more than a week . MCHM is so strong that it can be picked up even if there is no detectable amount in the water . That news continues to be of concern to residents , including U.S. Sen. Jay Rockefeller . "  I would n't drink that water if you paid me , " he said on NPR 's "  All Things Considered " this week . When asked why , he said : "  Well , because it -- nobody has said that it 's safe . " Spill spews tons of coal ash into North Carolina river	More than 100,000 gallons of coal slurry is believed to have leaked The slurry flowed into a tributary of the Kanawha River Officials say the spill does not affect the public water supply
CNN  -- A decorated flight nurse who had been dismissed under the "  do n't ask , do n't tell " military policy , will be reinstated with the U.S. Air Force , the American Civil Liberties Union of Washington announced Tuesday . The ACLU of Washington represented Maj. Margaret Witt in a four-year-long lawsuit seeking her reinstatement . In September , the U.S. District Court for Western Washington ordered the Air Force to reinstate Witt . The court found that Witt 's sexual orientation does not negatively impact unit morale or cohesion . On Tuesday , the Justice Department filed an appeal of that ruling , but it is not seeking a stay of the order to reinstate Witt , clearing the way for her to rejoin the service . "  I am thrilled to be able to serve in the Air Force again , " Witt said in statement released Tuesday . "  The men and women in the unit are like family members to me , and I 've been waiting a long time to rejoin them . " There was no immediate Justice Department response Tuesday to a CNN request for comment . The case is one of a number of challenges to the 1993 policy that prevents gay men and lesbians from openly serving in the military and bars officials from inquiring into a service member 's sexuality . Legislation that would repeal the "  do n't ask , do n't tell " policy has passed the House and is expected to be voted on the Senate in coming weeks . In the summer of 2004 , Witt was notified that the Air Force had begun an investigation into an allegation that she had engaged in homosexual conduct . She was placed on unpaid leave and told she could not participate in military duties , pending formal separation proceedings . In 2006 she was discharged on grounds of homosexual conduct . In 2008 , the 9th Circuit Court of Appeals ruled that the Air Force must prove that Witt 's discharge was necessary for purposes of military readiness . The ruling sent the case back to the trial court . saying that before discharging a soldier under the "  do n't ask , do n't tell " policy , the military must prove that the individual 's conduct hurts morale and unit cohesion . The requirement is now known as the "  Witt Standard . " In September , Air Force spokesman Lt. Col. Todd Vician said the Air Force believed that "  Maj. Witt 's discharge was fully consistent with the law and thus appropriate . " During her 19-year career in the Air Force , Witt served in the Persian Gulf .	The government files an appeal , but Maj. Margaret Witt is being reinstated in the Air Force The openly gay major says she is "  thrilled to serve " Her 19-year career included time in the Persian Gulf
CNN  -- Claudio Ranieri was delighted after guiding Inter Milan to a morale-boosting first victory this season in his first match in charge of the Italian club on Saturday . Diego Milito and Lucio scored in the last 10 minutes to secure a 3-1 victory away to 10-man Bologna which lifted the 2010 European champions away from the relegation zone and into mid-table . "  It was important to get off on the right foot . The lads needed a confidence boost , " the veteran coach told Inter 's website . "  I said it did n't matter whether we played well or badly ; what mattered was that we fought for every ball to get the result . And that 's what we did . "  These lads are hungry and they showed that . I was pleased with the self-sacrifice I saw in all of them . This is the right spirit . " Former Juventus , Roma , Chelsea and Valencia boss Ranieri replaced Gian Piero Gasperini , whose tactics proved both unpopular and unsuccessful in his short five-game tenure . The 59-year-old 's next task is to kickstart Inter 's Champions League campaign in Tuesday 's trip to Russia to face CSKA Moscow , following the opening defeat by Turkey 's Trabzonspor . He will again be without key Dutch midfielder Wesley Sneijder , whose injury is "  worse than first thought . " Inter bounced back from Tuesday 's 3-1 defeat by promoted Novara as striker Giampaolo Pazzini netted the opening goal six minutes before halftime when new signing Diego Forlan and Esteban Cambiasso combined to set him up . Alessandro Diamanti leveled with a penalty in the 66th minute after Walter Samuel fouled Daniele Portanova , but substitute Milito restored the lead with nine minutes to play from the spot after he fell under contact from Archimede Morleo . Morleo was sent off , and Inter took full advantage as defender Lucio headed in a freekick by Sulley Muntari with three minutes to go . AC Milan moved up to eighth place with a much-needed 1-0 victory at home to bottom club Cesena -- the first in the league this season for the Serie A champions . Veteran Dutch midfielder Clarence Seedorf scored the only goal in the fifth minute to boost coach Massimiliano Allegri ahead of Wednesday 's Champions League visit to the Sna Siro by Czech titleholders Viktoria Plzen . In Saturday 's other match , Fiorentina drew 0-0 at Napoli to leave both teams in a group of five on seven points at the top of the table . Genoa , who lead on goal difference , travel to Chievo on Sunday while second-placed Juventus visit Catania and Udinese travel to Cagliari .	Inter Milan win first match this season in debut for new coach Claudio Ranieri Saturday 's 3-1 victory at Bologna lifts 18-time Italian champions up table Serie A champions AC Milan also win first game of season , against Cesena Napoli held 0-0 by Fiorentina to leave both clubs on seven points from four games
The U.S. military is ending its policy of excluding women from combat and will "  expeditiously " open combat jobs and direct combat units to female troops , Defense Secretary Leon Panetta announced Thursday . Women already are on the front lines overseas despite an official ban on combat , "  and the time has come for our policies to recognize that reality , " Panetta told reporters at the Pentagon . "  The fact is , they have become an integral part of our ability to perform our mission , and for more than a decade of war they have demonstrated courage and skill and patriotism , " Panetta said . Gen. Martin Dempsey , the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , said the decision would be implemented "  over time and with careful analysis . " But he said the service chiefs were unanimous in their support for the move . Officials told CNN on Wednesday that not every position will open all at once . Once the policy is changed , the Department of Defense will enter what is being called an "  assessment phase , " in which each branch of service will examine all its jobs and units not currently integrated and then produce a timetable for integrating them . The Army and Marine Corps , especially , will be examining physical standards and gender-neutral accommodations within combat units . Every 90 days , the service chiefs will have to report on their progress . The move is one of the last significant policy decisions made by Panetta , who is expected to leave in mid-February . It is not clear where former Sen. Chuck Hagel , the nominated replacement , stands , but officials say he has been apprised of Panetta 's coming announcement . "  It will take a while to work out the mechanics in some cases . We expect some jobs to open quickly , by the end of this year . Others , like special operations forces and infantry , may take longer , " a senior defense official explained . Panetta is setting the goal of January 2016 for all assessments to be complete and women to be integrated as much as possible . And the Pentagon has left itself some wiggle room that may ultimately lead to some jobs being designated as closed to women . A senior defense official said if , after the assessment , a branch finds that "  a specific job or unit should not be open , they can go back to the secretary and ask for an exemption to the policy , to designate the job or unit as closed . " The official said the goal remains to open as many jobs as possible . "  We should open all specialties to the maximum extent possible to women . We know they can do it . " Sen. John McCain , an Arizona Republican who spent six years as a prisoner of war during the Vietnam War , said he supports lifting the ban on women serving in combat , pointing out women are already serving in harm 's way . But he said the move should not fundamentally change the military . "  As this new rule is implemented , it is critical that we maintain the same high standards that have made the American military the most feared and admired fighting force in the world -- particularly the rigorous physical standards for our elite special forces units , " McCain said in a statement . But Sen. Patty Murray , D-Washington called Panetta 's decision a "  historic step for equality " that recognizes the role women play in the military . Murray leads the Senate Veterans ' Affairs Committee and is a member of the Defense Appropriations Subcommittee . The Pentagon must notify Congress of each job or unit as it is sent up to the secretary to be opened to women . Then the Defense Department must wait 30 days while Congress is in session before implementing the change . It is a marked difference from the way the military ended the exclusion of gays serving openly , or the "  do n't ask , do n't tell " policy . In that case , there were no stipulations attached to openly gay service members . There was no staggered approach that integrated openly gay troops into units . It was instead done all at once , across the board . A senior defense official explained the Pentagon 's reasoning behind the different approach : "  You 're talking about personal choice of behavior versus physical capability . And they were already in the units . If you take a unit that 's never had women before , that 's quite a culture change . " Another senior defense official said the goal is "  to provide a level , gender-neutral playing field . " The American Civil Liberties Union recently filed a federal lawsuit against the Department of Defense , charging that combat exclusion is unfair and outdated , harms America 's safety and prevents women from receiving training and recognition for their work . The plaintiffs , who include women awarded Purple Hearts , say the exclusion places them at a disadvantage for promotion . The ACLU said was thrilled about Panetta 's announcement . "  But we welcome this statement with cautious optimism , as we hope that it will be implemented fairly and quickly so that servicewomen can receive the same recognition for their service as their male counterparts , " Ariela Migdal , senior staff attorney with the ACLU Women 's Rights Project , said in the statement . Earlier this month , the Army opened the 160th Special Operations Aviation Regiment to women , and it has begun recruiting female pilots and crew chiefs . The Navy has put its first female officers on submarines in the past year , and certain female ground troops have been attached to combat units in Iraq and Afghanistan . More than 800 women were wounded in those wars , and at least 130 have died .	Sen. McCain supports the move and says the military must keep its high standards Sen. Murray points out women already serve in combat Officials say Panetta will announce it is opening combat jobs to women Panetta hopes the process will be complete by January 2016 , officials say
CNN  -- Five decades ago , Franklin McCain and three fellow African-American college students made history just by sitting down at a Woolworth 's lunch counter in Greensboro , North Carolina , and waiting . And waiting . And waiting -- for service that never came that day at the whites-only counter . The four came back the next day . And the next . The "  Greensboro Four , " as they came to be known , drew national attention with their peaceful demonstration in the winter of 1960 . Within three days of their first attempt to simply sit and eat , more than 300 students , including whites , were taking part in what was being called "  a sit-in " in Greensboro . Nearly six months later , with similar sit-ins happening at dozens of whites-only lunch counters in Southern cities , the counter where it all started served its first black customers . McCain died Thursday after a brief illness , according to his alma mater , North Carolina A&T State University . He died in a hospital a few miles from the old Woolworth 's location -- now the nonprofit International Civil Rights Center and Museum , which opened 50 years to the day McCain and his colleagues began their sit-in on February 1 , 1960 . The museum posted on its site a tribute to McCain and the other three students for their "  courageous act  that  marked a turning point in the struggle for equality that continues to this day . " McCain , 72 , graduated from North Carolina A&T in 1964 , and worked for a chemical company , the Celanese Corp. , in Charlotte for almost 35 years , according to the Winston-Salem Journal . He was a member of the North Carolina university system 's board of governors and was active in civil rights throughout his life , according to North Carolina A&T . "  His contributions to this university , the city of Greensboro and the nation as a civil rights leader are without measure . His legacy will live on in the hearts and minds of Aggies and friends throughout the world , " A&T Chancellor Harold L. Martin said in a statement posted on the university 's website . In 2010 , McCain told CNN of his concern when an elderly white woman approached the lunch counter that day . "  I was thinking to myself , she must have knitting needles and scissors in that handbag of hers and they 're about to go right through me , " said McCain , a bespectacled freshman at the time . Instead of pulling a knitting needle on the young men , the woman placed her hand on McCain 's shoulder and smiled warmly . "  She says , ` Boys , I am so proud of you . I only regret that you did n't do this 10 years ago , ' " McCain said . "  That was the greatest source of inspiration to me , probably for all my life , primarily because it came from a very unexpected person , " he said . "  You picture 1960 in the South in a little old white lady 's space and you are acting out of place , and she compliments you . " Another member of the four , Joseph McNeil , also spoke with CNN on the 50th anniversary of the sit-in and said the planned action grew out of lifetimes of personal experiences with segregation . "  Unless we decided to do something about it and took some action , our children would have had to also challenge racial segregation , " said McNeil , a retired major general in the Air Force Reserves . "  Woolworth 's was a national chain , and what we fundamentally wanted to do was to bring attention to the negative , and the evil of segregation . " In addition to McCain and McNeil , the Greensboro Four were Jibreel Khazan -- then known as Ezell A. Blair Jr. -- and David Richmond . Richmond died in 1990 at age 49 , according to the Greensboro News & Record . Speaking of McCain as news of his death spread , Khazan told the New & Record , "  Frank would say we did n't want to set the world on fire , we just wanted to sit down and eat like everybody else . We wanted to be included in the round table of humanity . " People we 've lost in 2014 CNN 's Thom Patterson and Emanuella Grinberg contributed to this report .	Franklin McCain , who died Thursday , was one of the "  Greensboro Four " In 1960 , four black students defied segregation by sitting at a whites-only lunch counter The act spawned sit-ins elsewhere and was hailed as a major desegregation effort "  We wanted to be included in the round table of humanity , " said another of the four
Los Angeles  CNN  -- A former transit police officer convicted last year in the shooting death of an unarmed man on an Oakland , California , train platform will be freed from prison early Monday morning , according to a court order . Johannes Mehserle was sentenced to two years in prison for the involuntary manslaughter conviction , but California law gives him one day of good conduct credit for each of the 365 days he 's already served behind bars , Los Angeles Superior Court Judge Robert Perry said in an order signed Friday . Mehserle , a Bay Area Rapid Transit police officer when the shooting occurred , said at the trial that he intended to draw and fire his Taser rather than his gun when he fatally wounded 22-year-old Oscar Grant on New Years Day 2009 . Mehserle , who has been behind bars since a Los Angeles jury found him guilty on July 8 , 2010 , will be free to walk out of prison just after midnight Sunday , Perry said . Violent protests erupted in Oakland last November when Perry sentenced Mehserle to just two years in prison , which meant he would possibly be released after another seven months . At least 150 people were arrested during the protests , which Oakland Police Chief Anthony Batts described at the time as "  tearing up the city . " Grant 's mother , Wanda Johnson , had asked the judge to sentence Mehserle to the maximum 14 years in prison . She and four other family members who spoke at the sentencing hearing last year called him "  a murderer . " The jury acquitted him of the more serious charges of second-degree murder and voluntary manslaughter . Although his defense attorney argued for probation , Mehserle told Perry before sentencing that he would be willing to go to prison if the sentence made his city and family safer . "  I shot a man , " he said . "  I killed a man . It should not have happened . " A conviction for involuntary manslaughter normally carries a four-year sentence , but the judge had the option of adding an "  enhancement " that could have made the sentence 14 years because a firearm was used in commission of a crime . CNN 's Greg Morrison contributed to this report .	Johannes Mehserle can walk out of prison early Monday The former BART officer was convicted of involuntary manslaughter in Oscar Grant 's death Mehserle served one year of a two-year sentence because of credit for good conduct
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- Pakistan 's Prime Minister Raja Pervez Ashraf on Sunday met with Shiites in Quetta who are protesting the bombing deaths of 97 people last week , Pakistani media reported . Ashraf addressed protestors who are taking part in a sit-in and have lined up the bodies of bombing victims at major intersections . He said he would meet one of the two major demands of the group , tossing out the provincial government and putting a governor in charge . However , Ashraf said he would n't implement military rule in the city but would leave it up to the governor to ask for more help -- if needed -- from paramilitary forces to try to quell the violence . It was unclear when the sit-in would end , as leaders of the protest said they will take a wait-and-see approach to the change in government . Local Shiites have also refused to bury most of the victims after a series of bombings rocked Quetta on Thursday , police official Wazir Khan Nasir said . Relatives of the deceased have sat beside the bodies in freezing temperatures over the past three days . Symbolic protests occurred in other cities , including Islamabad . Earlier , Ashraf also condemned the blasts in Quetta . "  The prime minister , while expressing his heartfelt condolences and sympathies with the bereaved families , reiterated the government 's resolve to stamp out the menace of militancy and terrorism from the country in its all shapes and manifestations , " said a statement from his office . Not burying dead bodies immediately after death is taboo in Islam . The soul of the body is not considered to be at rest until the body is in the ground . Quetta is the capital of Balochistan province , an area regularly plagued by violence . In addition to sectarian attacks on Shiites , unrest in the province is believed to be fomented by several insurgent groups , including the separatist Balochistan Liberation Army and the Pakistani Taliban . Read more : What 's working in Pakistan Although Balochistan is the largest province in Pakistan geographically , analysts and some locals have criticized the federal government for neglecting it , leading to instability . The Shiite community has repeatedly asked for more protection but to no avail . Last week 's string of attacks was the deadliest so far against the minority Shiite community , which has been targeted repeatedly in the past by groups like Lashkar-e-Jhangvi , a banned Sunni militant group . The deadliest explosions were two suicide bombings in a predominantly Shiite neighborhood known as Alamdar Road . One blast brought police , rescue workers and journalists rushing to the scene . It was swiftly followed by another explosion -- set off by a man sitting in a car with more than 100 kilograms of explosives -- that hit many of those responding to the initial attack . The double bombing , described by police as one of the worst attacks on the Shiite minority , killed 85 people and wounded about 150 . Lashkar-e-Jhangvi claimed responsibility for the Alamdar Road attacks . More on Pakistan : India and Pakistan trade accusations over Kashmir violence Shiites , a minority sect in mainly Sunni Muslim Pakistan , face persecution from extremists . Last month , more than 20 Shiite pilgrims were killed when a car bomb detonated near the buses they were traveling in . Mir Zubair Mehmood , a Quetta police official , said the Alamdar attacks were motivated by Sunni and Shiite sectarian differences . Another blast in Quetta on Thursday struck a security checkpoint in a busy market , authorities said . A bomb planted in a car detonated as security forces entered the area , killing 12 people and wounding 45 , according Nasir , the police spokesman . Nasir blamed the attack on Baloch insurgents . A fourth bomb went off by the side of the road leading to the city 's airport , wounding three . Read more : Malala , others on front lines in fight for women CNN 's Aliza Kassim in Atlanta and journalist Nasir Habib in Islamabad contributed to this report .	NEW : Prime minister meets with demonstrators protesting bombing deaths NEW : He agrees to toss out local government but rules out military intervention Two suicide bombings in a Shiite neighborhood in Quetta killed 85 on Thursday A third attack in Quetta killed 12 ; police blame Baloch insurgents
CNN  -- Boxer Floyd Mayweather Jr. 's fans and critics will find out Saturday night if he 's still "  Money " -- his nickname -- and still undefeated , when he takes on WBA super-welterweight champion Miguel Cotto in Las Vegas . The two fighters offer divergent personalities out of the ring , and distinct styles in it . The 31-year-old Cotto is more inconspicuous and workmanlike , while the 35-year-old Mayweather has a more flamboyant , brash reputation and a sizable cohort of celebrity supporters . Those wishing him luck on Twitter shortly before the fight included teen pop star Justin Bieber , skateboarder and MTV personality Rob Drydek , musician Akon , and Rob Kardashian of the E! reality show clan . The breakdown of the purse for the fight demonstrates the fighters ' respective clout : Win or lose , Mayweather is set to pocket $ 32 million , while Cotto would get $ 8 million . While the odds are against him , Cotto declared before the bout that he had "  no doubt " he 'd win . "  I 'm ready and prepared for anything he can bring to me , " Cotto said . Physically , Mayweather entered the bout as the taller of the two by an inch , while Cotto weighed in at 154 pounds , three pounds more than his foe . Max Kellerman , a boxing analyst and commentator for HBO  which like CNN is owned by Time Warner  said Mayweather has evolved into a "  consistent , thudding puncher " who counts on pressuring his opponent . In the other corner , Cotto is known for being aggressive and a deft puncher , added Kellerman . The Puerto Rican has lost twice in his professional career , most recently against eight-division champion Manny Pacquiao -- whom Mayweather has famously challenged verbally , but has never fought . After an accomplished amateur career that includes several Golden Gloves titles , Mayweather burst on the pro scene in 1996 and has n't lost since . The Michigan native 's athletic success speaks for itself , having won seven different titles in various weight classes in his career . But he 's had his share of trouble outside of the ring . That includes a 90-day prison sentence tied to his conviction on a domestic violence charge , after police said he 'd punched the mother of his children at his home . Mayweather had been set to go to prison earlier this year , but a Nevada judge pushed back his reporting date to June because the boxer had already lined up Saturday 's fight date .	Floyd Mayweather Jr. and Miguel Cotto face off in the ring in Las Vegas The undefeated Mayweather is the favorite , though Cotto says he 's confident Mayweather will go to prison on a domestic violence conviction weeks after the fight
New York  CNN  -- Israel 's government is missing an opportunity to secure the country 's future and build a coalition of nations to counter increasing Iranian influence , according to analyst Fareed Zakaria . He says the government , headed by Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu , is letting the dispute with the United States over expanded settlements in East Jerusalem get in the way of making progress toward resolution of the conflict with the Palestinians . "  The Netanyahu government goes on and on about the existential threat that Israel faces from Iran , the need for the world to mobilize , to put that above all else , " Zakaria said . "  If that really is the case , should n't Israel try to be supportive and deepen the relationship with the one country whose military , political and economic support is going to be absolutely crucial in dealing with this threat , that is , the United States ? "  If the Iranian threat were really the overriding threat to Israel , would n't it be willing to subordinate other issues and make some progress on the Palestinian issue because it would help the moderate Arab states who also share the worries about the rise of Iran , and would allow the moderate Arab states to form a kind of tacit alliance with Israel ? " Zakaria , author and host of CNN 's "  Fareed Zakaria GPS , " spoke to CNN on Wednesday . Here is an edited transcript : CNN : In your view , how badly have U.S.-Israeli relations been damaged by the announcement of the East Jerusalem settlement expansion ? Fareed Zakaria : I think by itself this would be a small friction that could easily be overcome , but it comes on the heels of increasingly tense relations between Washington and Tel Aviv , and because of that , it has become larger than life precisely because it seems to be the straw that broke the camel 's back for the Obama administration . It became a symbol for the fact that in their view , the Netanyahu government is simply not trying to be cooperative in the search for some kind of movement forward on the Israeli-Palestinian issue . CNN : And why do they feel that way ? Zakaria : They have been trying to get the Netanyahu government to do something concrete that would demonstrate that they are interested in moving forward , whether it is direct talks , whether it 's a settlement freeze or any other such signal that would allow the process to begin moving forward rather than to stay where it is . So far , the Netanyahu government has done nothing like that , and in fact has taken several steps that would make it difficult to enter into direct negotiations . ... He has within his coalition members of the orthodox right in Israel who still very much hold to a view that the Jewish state should be on most , if not all , of the land of greater Israel , which includes the West Bank . ... This government has probably been the least responsive to concerns from Washington on the issue of the peace process in 20 years . CNN : The so-called proximity peace talks were delayed as a result of this dispute ? Is that a real step backward ? Zakaria : The whole problem with the peace process is that it 's sort of going around in circles . I myself think the proximity talks are themselves almost like a bad joke . They 're not actually going to talk to one another . The American negotiator is going to shuttle back and forth between them . We 're in 2010 . If everyone agrees that there 's going to be a two-state solution and we kind of know what the plan is going to look like , roughly -- which is to say the plan that was largely agreed upon by the two parties in 2000 under the auspices of Bill Clinton -- we are now going back to the most tentative steps of circling around each other , barely talking to one another . It 's as if we 're at the beginning of a negotiating process when really we should be at the end of one ... CNN : You 've laid out the obstacles on the Israeli side . Are there obstacles on the Palestinian side too ? Zakaria : There are huge obstacles on the Palestinian side : First of all , the divided Palestinian authority -- Hamas being in charge in Gaza and the Palestinian Authority in charge on the West Bank . There is the reality that Hamas is still not reconciled to the idea of a Jewish state . There is the reality of the corruption and perhaps the lack of legitimacy of the Palestinian Authority . But one would have to say that these problems have existed for a long time , and it 's not clear to me that these problems have gotten worse . In fact , the Palestinian Authority is better functioning than it has ever been under Salam Fayyad , the prime minister . There is greater control over the territory by the Palestinian Authority . There is less of a problem of terrorism , a more serious effort to build from the ground up a modern state ... and there have been some very small hints from the Hamas leadership that they would be willing to accept the state of Israel . It 's not nearly enough , but the point is , if there 's been any movement , it has not been movement backward in the Palestinian case . CNN : On the Israeli side , what 's the significance of expanding the settlements in East Jerusalem ? Zakaria : There are religious parties in Israel who want to create facts on the ground -LSB- that -RSB- make it more and more difficult to trade land for peace . It 's also an indication that the broader Israeli public has sort of lost interest in the resolution of the Palestinian problem . I think that many see the wall as essentially ending the problem of terrorism . The Israeli public as a whole has moved right and there is a collective belief that Israel can simply kick this can down the road and deal with the problem later . I think it 's short-sighted , in terms of demographics , regional politics , in terms of the technology of terrorism , pushing this problem away when there will be more Palestinians with the potential for being more radicalized , perhaps a greater international coalition arrayed against Israel . It does n't seem to be a far-sighted way to secure Israel . Israel is basically succeeding brilliantly in the economic realm ... in many ways , it is even more productive than European countries . It is a technological superstar . What it needs is political stability and to resolve this problem so it can move even more dramatically forward . But it has a political system where that kind of resolution becomes politically difficult because of many highly reactionary forces within the system . CNN : Is there a way out of this mess ? Zakaria : The way out would be for the Israelis to recognize that it is profoundly in their long-term interest to resolve this issue , recognize that they are the stronger party ... and see if there is a possibility of some kind of resolution to get out of the terrible bind it 's in . It has 3.5 million people on territory it controls who neither have political rights nor a state of their own . Nor can they be part of Israel . That 's a structural reality which is terrible for the Palestinians but also terrible for the Israelis because it undermines Israel as a democratic state . It 's better resolved soon , and whether that means you give up a few hillsides here or there , strikes me as being far less significant than the gain for Israel , which would be to once and for all resolve this issue . CNN : Is the Netanyahu government in danger of collapsing ? Zakaria : No , I think Netanyahu is playing this juggler 's game to keep his coalition together . But it 's a far cry from the man who wants to present himself as an international statesman or even an important figure in Israel 's history . ... He 's turning out to be a political hack who spends his time counting the votes in the Knesset rather than thinking about his legacy in the history books . ... The image is of a Churchillian statesman , and the reality is of a local alderman counting the votes .	U.S.-Israel relations are at a low ebb over Jerusalem settlements issue Fareed Zakaria says Obama administration is frustrated with Netanyahu government He says Israel should show it is serious when it says countering Iran is its highest priority Zakaria : Progress with Palestinians would facilitate alliance with moderate Arabs
CNN Student News  -- November 13 , 2014 As a lame duck session gets started in the U.S. Congress , we 're defining what that means , telling you what 's ahead for lawmakers , and reporting on how a controversy surrounding immigration may factor in . We 're also looking at the issue of diplomacy today : What role did it play in a presidential trip to China ? How might spending time abroad help students learn lessons in diplomacy ? It 's all included on this Thursday 's show ! On this page you will find today 's show Transcript and a place for you to request to be on the CNN Student News Roll Call . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show . ROLL CALL For a chance to be mentioned on the next CNN Student News , comment on the bottom of this page with your school name , mascot , city and state . We will be selecting schools from the comments of the previous show . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call ! Thank you for using CNN Student News !	This page includes the show Transcript Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary At the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on CNN Student News . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call .
CNN  -- Floodwater in Oklahoma swept away and killed a man who was trying to save his daughter from a stranded vehicle early Friday , adding to the toll from flooding and storms plaguing a number of states this week . The 60-year-old man was washed away by fast-moving floodwater that had rapidly appeared in Oklahoma City overnight , city police Lt. Gamille Hardin said . The man 's body was found Friday morning . His daughter had been stuck in a vehicle surrounded by rapidly rising water , Hardin said . Storm systems continue to hammer states with drenching rain and significant flash flooding . Of particular concern Friday are parts of southeast Kansas and southern Missouri , which have seen up to 10 inches of rain this week , with more expected over the weekend . These areas are at extreme risk for flooding into Saturday morning , the National Weather Service said . In all , parts of 21 states in the Northwest , Plains , Midwest , Southeast and Northeast were under some sort of flood warning or watch Friday morning . They include parts of Ohio , West Virginia and Kentucky , where forecasters say more than 2 inches of rain may fall in a short period of time Friday . One to 2 inches of rain are on the way to an area from Pennsylvania to Maine in the Northeast , where 1 to 3 inches of rain already have fallen this week . In Nashville , authorities have conducted more than 200 water rescues , and surrounding communities have reported several more , Mayor Karl Dean told CNN affiliate WSMV . in nearby Mt. Juliet , rushing water lifted a business off of its foundation and carried it 30 feet away , as area residents reported waist-high water and other locals were stranded on their roofs . "  I called 911 and said , ` Can you get over here ? ' They could n't get here because it was too choppy . It was like a lake in my front yard , " flood victim Calvin Hooch told WSMV . Another resident , Sara Mickelsen , said she saw "  a lady and a baby floating by on a mattress . " Waynesville , Missouri , was another hard-hit locale . As residents tried to clean up after Tuesday 's and Wednesday 's heavy rains , Thursday 's flooding interrupted their efforts , and authorities ordered evacuations as Roubidoux Creek rose , CNN affiliate KYTV reported . "  Everything in this living room was soaked , as it all came in through the door , " resident Andy Anderson told the station . Deaths in South Carolina , Missouri The death in Oklahoma was one of several storm-related fatalities reported over the past few days . In South Carolina , Logan Dale Evans was found dead in floodwater on his family property Wednesday night near the town of Central , Pickens County Coroner Kandy Kelley said . Evans , 23 , was found outside his vehicle , which ended up about a mile downstream , said Kelley , who added that Evans is believed to have drowned . At least two people were reported killed in Missouri this week , including a driver who was caught in rapidly rising water in McDonald County on Thursday , said Gregg Sweeten , the county 's emergency management director . The woman , thought to be in her 60s , had been trying to drive over a bridge when the water overwhelmed her vehicle , Sweeten said . On Monday , Elijah Lee , 4 , died after 6 inches of rain fell on Pulaski County , about 140 miles southwest of St. Louis . The boy was found in a vehicle swept up in floodwater that caught the community along Mitchell Creek off guard , said Sgt. Dan Crain , a Missouri Highway Patrol spokesman . CNN 's Dave Hennen , Shawn Nottingham , Jason Hanna , John Branch , Sherri Pugh and Eliott C. McLaughlin contributed to this report .	NEW : Nashville flooding prompts many rescues , lifts business off foundation Parts of 21 states are under some type of flood watch or warning Friday Southeast Kansas and southern Missouri have an extreme flooding risk More than 2 inches of rain may fall quickly in Ohio , West Virginia and Kentucky
Los Angeles  CNN  -- A jury began deliberating Wednesday afternoon in actress Nicollette Sheridan 's wrongful termination lawsuit against "  Desperate Housewives " creator Marc Cherry . The jury of nine women and three men is to decide whether Cherry killed off a Sheridan 's character in retaliation for the actress complaining that he hit her during a rehearsal for the ABC comedy . A verdict requires the agreement of nine jurors . Sheridan is asking for $ 5.7 million in damages from ABC and Cherry , although the actress was paid $ 4 million in her last year of work and is still earning royalties from her vested interest in the hit series . Sheridan lawyer Mark Baute , in his closing Wednesday morning , told jurors they have two questions to answer : Did Cherry hit Sheridan on the head on September 24 , 2008 , or was it a "  light tap , " as the defense claims ? And , did Cherry get ABC 's approval to kill Sheridan 's character in May 2008 , as the defense claims , or was the decision made in December , after a human resources investigator cleared him in the slapping incident ? Baute called Cherry a "  really obvious liar " who was covering up the real reason he killed off Edie Britt , the sassy blonde character Sheridan played for the show 's first five seasons . He accused other ABC employees of conspiring to cover up evidence that it was a revenge firing in order to protect a show that has earned over $ 1 billion in eight seasons . Cherry and ABC claim they decided Britt would die in season five in May 2008 , four months before the incident in which Cherry allegedly struck Sheridan . Baute told jurors that there were "  no notes , no calendar , no documents , " supporting that claim , except for a writer assistant 's notes that he accused the defense of fabricating and backdating . Cherry and ABC executives testified they did not write e-mails because they wanted to keep the decision a secret . "  It 's not a ` Navy SEAL Team Six how are we going to kill Osama bin Laden ' decision , " Baute told jurors , questioning the need for such secrecy . Defense lawyer Adam Levin , in his closing , said the plaintiffs were asking jurors to accept a "  complicated story of conspiracy , " while the reality is much simpler . "  Mr. Cherry wanted to kill Edie Britt for creative reasons , " to shock and surprise viewers and boost ratings , he said . " ` Desperate ' is claiming that 10 good citizens of California conspired to get their stories straight and then took the stand , looked you in the eyes and lied , " Levin said , noting that five of the 10 defense witnesses had "  no incentive to lie " since they are no longer associated with ABC or the show . Former ABC studio chief Mark Pedowitz , who now works for the rival CW network , testified that in May 2008 he approved Britt 's killing since the character "  had run its creative course , " he said . Former ABC network chief Steve McPherson , who no longer works in the entertainment industry , told jurors that he also approved the decision in May 2008 , Levin said . Levin also pointed to three former show writers who each testified of hearing the plan to kill off Britt in writer meetings in May and June 2008 . One former show writer called as a witness by Sheridan 's lawyer testified that she did not hear about the plan until later in the year , after the hitting incident . On Tuesday , the show 's set construction coordinator testified that he received an e-mail that suggested a "  conspiracy to cover up " information regarding Sheridan 's lawsuit . Michael Reinhart , who has supervised construction of the show 's sets since it began eight years ago , told jurors that he called Baute on Sunday to alert him to his suspicions of a cover-up conspiracy because what he read in an e-mail "  started gnawing at me " and he "  began to lose sleep . " "  It was my understanding that they were going to delete e-mails from the hard drives , " Reinhart said about the e-mail he received in fall 2010 , soon after Sheridan filed her lawsuit . He read the e-mail and immediately deleted it because he believed it was not intended for him , he said . "  I honestly tried to put it out of my mind , " he said , until this past weekend as he realized the Los Angeles trial was nearing an end . What he read made him uncomfortable "  because if the proposed actions were carried out , I felt it would create an imbalance between the parties in this case , " he testified . "  I just wanted to make it equal for both sides , " he said . Reinhart said he feared he was committing "  professional suicide " by revealing the e-mail , possibly ending any chances of a future job with ABC or its parent company , Disney . He was concerned "  not just for me , but for my crew and the well-being of their families , " he said . But if he had not come forward , he "  would 've had to live with that doubt the rest of my life , " he said . Under cross-examination by Cherry 's lawyer , Reinhart said Sheridan 's lawyer suggested he could help him find a job if ABC fired him . Baute denied that outside the courtroom . The defense later called Jean Zoeller , ABC 's chief litigation lawyer , to testify that she sent memos to every employee connected to the case instructing them to save all their electronic documents . Asked if she asked anyone to delete e-mails , she said , "  Absolutely not . " The defense won one victory Tuesday when the judge issued a directed verdict dismissing Sheridan 's battery claim against Cherry . Sheridan 's lawyer downplayed the significance of that decision , saying the damages could have only been $ 1 and jury deliberations will be simplified without it . "  You hit me , I complained and you fired me for it , " Baute said , giving a thumbnail description of Sheridan 's case . The hit during a rehearsal was just "  a light tap on the head " intended to demonstrate "  a piece of physical humor " Cherry wanted Sheridan to perform , the defense said in opening statements . Sheridan testified that Cherry hit her because he was frustrated during a discussion over her lines in a scene . "  It was a nice wallop to my head " she said . Five months and 11 episodes later , Cherry informed Sheridan that Britt would die during a show taping the next day , ending her five-year run on "  Desperate Housewives . " Jurors must decide if the death of Sheridan 's character and the end of her employment was illegal workplace retaliation or just a creative decision unconnected to the alleged battery incident . ABC Entertainment is a defendant in the lawsuit because its executives allegedly failed to properly investigate Sheridan 's accusation that Cherry hit her , and then agreed with his decision to fire her .	NEW : 9 women , 3 men will decide if character Edie Britt 's death was revenge against actress Edie Britt died for "  creative reasons " to surprise viewers , the defense argues Actress Nicollette Sheridan accuses the series creator Marc Cherry of hitting her Sheridan 's lawyers accuse ABC , Cherry of covering up evidence
CNN  -- Voters in Nashville , Tennessee -- a city that has seen a dramatic increase in its immigrant population -- rejected a measure Thursday that would have made English the only language used for government business in its metropolitan area . Nearly 57 percent of those who cast ballots Thursday in Nashville , Tennessee , voted against the measure . With all 173 precincts reporting , 41,752 voters , or nearly 57 percent , voted against the proposed amendment , with 32,144 voters supporting it , according to unofficial results posted on the Nashville city government Web site . "  No person shall have a right to government services in any other language , " the proposal read . The measure would have included government meetings . The Metropolitan Council , which submitted the measure , could have mandated exceptions to protect public health and safety . Elise Shore , southeast director of the Mexican-American Legal Defense and Educational Fund , said her regional office in Atlanta , Georgia , was monitoring the Nashville balloting . "  We just elected our first black president . There are the forces of globalization and conducting business around the world ... in the face of this , we see these measures ? " Shore asked . The proposal "  sends a strong message ... this is a negative message . In fact , it invites discrimination , " she said . In a newspaper editorial published Thursday , The Tennessean urged voters to defeat the proposal . "  This amendment would exclude and marginalize those residents and visitors to Nashville simply because English is not their native tongue , " the editorial said . The polls opened at 7 a.m. and closed at 7 p.m. Before the measure was defeated , a spokesman for U.S. English Inc. , an action group that supports English-only laws nationwide , said the Nashville proposal was a good one . "  Government programs are aimed at helping people reach self-sufficiency and success , " Rob Toonkel said . "  Allowing use of a second language does n't encourage them to learn English . " "  The key word -LSB- of the amendment -RSB- is ` actions that bind the government , ' " Toonkel said , which would cover transactions such as getting a city contract . If a non-English speaker needs help filling out a form , and someone in that agency speaks their language , they should be helped , he said . "  But you should n't be able to come in , pick up a form -LSB- in another language -RSB- and leave . " According to Toonkel , about 30 states and more than 100 localities have made English their official language , and he said his organization believes such laws are legal . Raul Gonzalez , legislative director for the National Council of La Raza , said the message of the proposal is discriminatory . "  What it ... says is , ` If you speak a language other than English , you may not be welcome here , ' " Gonzalez said . La Raza is a nonprofit , nonpartisan organization focused on reducing poverty and discrimination and improving opportunities for Hispanic Americans . Gonzalez said similar English-only laws across the country "  have so many exceptions they are meaningless . " In an editorial earlier this month , The Tennessean quoted the referendum 's sponsor , Councilman Eric Crafton , who said the bill was needed to save the city $ 100,000 to $ 150,000 in annual translation and related costs . However , metro officials told the newspaper such services are provided by employees already on the city 's payroll . The council passed a similar bill in 2007 , but it was vetoed by then-Mayor Bill Purcell , who called it "  unconstitutional , unnecessary and mean-spirited , " according to The Tennessean . U.S. Census data from 2000 showed an increase of 210 percent in the immigrant population of the Nashville metro area , including Davidson County , since 1990 . During that decade , immigrants accounted for 45 percent of the overall population increase in the city . More than two-thirds , or 67 percent , of the area 's foreign-born population had entered since 1990 . This was much higher than the rate for the state overall , which was about 58 percent . The Census Bureau 's American Community Survey , taken between 2005 and 2007 for the Nashville metro area , shows a population of 613,632 . Of that number , 61,843 were foreign-born , with most of the immigrants coming from Latin America . About 73,000 residents speak a language other than English at home and , of those , 35,290 speak English less than "  very well , " the survey found .	NEW : 57 percent vote against English-only measure in Nashville , Tennessee Proposal : "  No person shall have a right " to government services not in English Measure would "  exclude and marginalize " some residents , newspaper says
CNN  -- Authors ' voices can resound long after they 're gone . For Alicky Sussman , that 's the hardest part of living without her husband , Paul -- but it 's also what 's helping her cope with his sudden death . Readers have his latest book to digest . And for his literary team , there is the painful dilemma of what to do with an unpublished manuscript . Paul Sussman was a crime-fiction author whose books have sold more than 2 million copies . His latest , "  The Labyrinth of Osiris , " came out just weeks after he died at 45 from a ruptured aneurysm . It 's the fourth in a series of thrillers set in the Middle East , against the backdrop of the region 's ancient past . The idea that "  The Labyrinth of Osiris " could be his last book is all the more poignant , because reviewers and editors alike say it 's his best -- even Sussman agreed . Simon Taylor , editorial director at Transworld Publishers , says , "  He very rarely blew his own trumpet . " But after Sussman 's most recent book was complete , his editor says he changed his tune . Taylor recalls : "  He turned to me and said , ` Simon , I do think perhaps I 've written quite a good book here . ' " To which Taylor replied : "  It 's bloody brilliant . " Promoting a book without an author presents unique challenges -- especially because Sussman took such an active role in publicizing his work . Taylor remembers Sussman riding around London on his motor scooter , with a publicist in tow , on his way to interviews to support his books . He joked that the writer terrified his passengers with his driving . But Sussman set himself apart by making time for all of the interview requests that came his way , no matter how small the publication . Now his book is getting noticed for its author 's absence . "  In some ironic way , it  his death  got a little bit more attention for the book in the UK , " says Morgan Entrekin , president of Grove/Atlantic , Sussman 's U.S. publisher , "  as people wrote about the tragedy of his death and the fact that this was going to be his last book . " His widow did n't finish his latest book until after his death last year . Reading it now makes her miss him the most . "  Some of the turns of phrases that he uses are so quintessentially Paul , " she says . "  There could n't be anyone else who had written them . " She says she yearns to talk to him each time she finds one of the inside jokes he scatters throughout "  The Labyrinth of Osiris . " In all of his books , he includes characters named after people he and his wife know . "  I wish I 'd been able to tell him I 'd spotted them , " she says . Sussman also wove his wife into all of his stories . Each book includes a character called Alexandra  Alicky 's full name  . His widow was amused to discover the circumstances of her namesake 's appearance in the most recent book . The Alexandra figure relieves herself in the Valley of the Kings in Egypt . She then makes a gruesome discovery when she loses her footing and falls down a shaft . "  I think one of the really , really difficult things about losing someone is the conversation ending , " Alicky says . "  And the person that you 've been in the most amazing , wonderful conversation with -- suddenly that stops . " To keep the dialogue going , his widow writes letters to Sussman . She tells him about his two sons , ages 5 and 3 , and what she 's up to around their London home . "  All of those things that you would normally talk about , " she says . She has a treasure trove of material that she can turn to when she wants to remember his voice . In addition to his books , Sussman kept 25 years ' worth of diaries . And there is a book that even his most ardent fans have n't read yet . Before finding his niche in Middle Eastern detective thrillers , Sussman made his first foray into novel writing down quite a different path . His agent says she has a manuscript Sussman wrote more than 10 years ago . It 's the story of a 100-year-old man who decides to kill himself , because he thinks he 's lived long enough . In a suicide note , he confesses to 10 murders . But readers soon realize that the narrator is n't a murderer at all ; rather , he just failed to prevent accidents . Along the way , they get a history of the 20th century . "  It 's an absolutely hilarious book , " says Laura Susijn , his longtime agent and friend . "  But it 's painful because we all miss him so much . "  Sussman and I crossed paths briefly at CNN in London , where he worked about 10 years ago . Susijn says the unpublished manuscript reflects its author even more than his subsequent novels , largely because it 's so funny . But without Sussman , working on it would be heart-wrenching . His literary team also worries that introducing a new work too soon after his latest crime thriller 's release could distract readers from the marketing campaign around his existing books . They focus on Sussman 's background as an archaeologist , rather than his modern wit . Even so , publishing expert Ava Seave says she believes the manuscript should be published . "  If the product exists , you should get it out there , " she says . The adjunct associate professor at Columbia Business School finds plenty of upsides to bringing out new material from an author who has passed away . "  I think it would be great if ... they can make a few bucks , or if they just want to make sure that the fans are happy , " she says . As they mull over sharing his unpublished work with the world , his colleagues and friends find that Sussman lives on through his books . "  For me , he 's very much alive , " Susijn says . "  As his literary agent , I 'm selling rights around the world . " His widow is taking a year off from her job as a documentary producer for the BBC in London . She is focusing on putting together a book of memories for her sons about their dad . She says she would also be keen to publish her husband 's early manuscript -- in time . "  I want people to hear his voice , " she says . For now , his readers can seek solace in Sussman 's current collection . "  He knew how to tell a rip-roaring story , " says Taylor of Transworld Publishers . But more than that , he left his friends and family happy with the time -- and the work -- that they got from him . "  That 's basically his legacy , " Susijn says . "  You would always feel better having spent time with Paul . " Do you think it 's a good or bad idea to publish an author 's work posthumously ? Give your take in the comments section below .	Best-selling author Paul Sussman , 45 , died last year from a ruptured aneurysm Widow says one of the difficult things "  about losing someone is the conversation ending " Sussman 's literary team faces a painful dilemma -- what to do with an unpublished manuscript His widow finds writing letters to her husband helps her cope with his death
CNN  -- On her way to pick up her New York City Marathon bib number Friday , longtime New Yorker Lauren Mandel was having second thoughts of running in the iconic race . Just four days after Superstorm Sandy hit her city , she was wracked by a knot in her stomach as she got closer to the convention center serving as the hub for race participants . "  Walking past ... generators heating up tents for people to eat pasta tomorrow night when there are people who have n't eaten a hot meal in five days " left her with the feeling : "  This is so inappropriate and this is so wrong , " she said . Those feelings of outrage echoed across the city and nationwide since Wednesday , when Mayor Michael Bloomberg said the race would go on as scheduled . The announcement sparked a chorus of criticism from local authorities and residents , inspired a boycott effort on Facebook , and became a trending topic on Twitter as users called for the race 's postponement . And after the public outcry grew close to deafening Friday , city and race officials announced they would cancel the race for the first time in its 42-year history . "  While holding the race would not require diverting resources from the recovery effort , it is clear that it has become the source of controversy and division , " a statement from the mayor said . NY Marathon ` was going to be divisive , ' says deputy mayor of cancellation First held in 1970 , the New York City Marathon attracts about 47,000 runners and 12,000 volunteers . An estimated 2.5 million spectators typically line the course , which winds through all five city boroughs . But it was the starting line in Staten Island -- one of the areas hardest hit by Sandy -- that drew much of the criticism . At least 20 people on the island were killed in the storm , which left homes in shards and large portions of neighborhoods under water . Residents on Staten Island pleaded Wednesday for gas , food , and clothes . One woman said she had eaten one slice of pizza in the past two days . U.S. Rep. Michael Grimm , who represents Staten Island and Brooklyn , said before Friday 's announcement that the city had its priorities wrong . "  We 're still pulling bodies out of the water and the mayor is worried about marathon runners and returning to life as normal , " Grimm said in a statement . "  The Verrazano Bridge should be used for getting fuel and food in to Staten Island , not getting runners out . " A series of photos of the island 's devastation went viral Friday . The post by BuzzFeed ended with the line : "  The NYC Marathon is still scheduled to run on Sunday . " Meanwhile , a group of runners scheduled to participate in the race started a boycott page on Facebook , vowing to wear their bib numbers while they volunteered in recovery efforts on Staten Island . And Friday 's cover of The New York Post also weighed in on the controversy . A simple , but powerful , headline over a photo of two generators read : "  Abuse of Power : These massive generators are providing electricity to the marathon 's tent in Central Park while NYers suffer ! " The response to the cancellation announcement was immediate : "  Canceling the NYC Marathon was 100 % the right decision , " Parth Desai tweeted . Karim Lebhour was set to run in the race and said that while he was "  disappointed " with the decision , he admitted "  nobody really was in the mood . " Crippled NY subways spark infrastructure , climate questions San Francisco-based runner Dean Karnazes also said canceling the race "  was the right thing to do . " "  I 'm going to stick around and help out . Now is a time to lend a hand , not run , " he tweeted . The "  Boycott the 2012 NYC Marathon " Facebook group echoed Karnazes ' comments , saying the volunteer effort in Staten Island will go forward Sunday in the wake of the cancellation . Other Twitter users began sharing a link to Race2Recover.com , which is encouraging runners to donate their hotel rooms to displaced residents . But some runners , especially those who traveled from outside the United States to participate in the race , were frustrated by the last-minute cancellation of an event in which not everyone is guaranteed a bib . To guarantee a spot in the race , runners must pledge to do the event for charity or qualify with a fast marathon or half-marathon time . For the majority of the race participants , they 're in by being one of the lucky ones chosen in a random drawing . "  It 's a huge frustration , " said Juan Carlos Arevalo , who traveled from Argentina . "  It really is an effort to come here and participate . " Neil Robbins flew in from Scotland on Thursday , planning to run the race to raise money for cancer research . Now he 'll be spending the next week in New York . "  I tried my best . I did my training . I came across , but unfortunately ... Sandy has put an end to my dream , " he said . "  But such is life . I 'll try again next year , maybe . " Wednesday , in announcing his decision to move forward with the race , Bloomberg said "  an awful lot of small businesses " depend on the annual event . Powerless in New Jersey On Thursday , the mayor brushed aside concerns that the marathon would direct crucial resources away from recovery efforts , saying electricity would be restored by race day , thus freeing up police currently manning intersections where the traffic signals and electricity have gone out . "  To host the New York City Marathon in the middle of what is complete devastation and a crisis in parts of this city is just wrong , " said City Councilman Domenic Recchia , whose south Brooklyn district includes Coney Island and other areas that suffered heavy damage . Bloomberg continued his fight for the marathon early Friday , recalling another time when city officials were forced to make a tough decision during a sensitive time . "  As Rudy Giuliani said to me this morning , he said , ` You know , right after 9/11 people said exactly the same thing . ' " Bloomberg said , adding , "  You have to keep going and doing things and you can grieve , you can cry and you can laugh all at the same time . That 's what human beings are good at . " City and race officials met throughout the week , up until Friday afternoon , weighing their options including considering whether to postpone the race or shorten the course . In the end though , "  it was clear that this was not going to be a celebration of New York , " said Deputy Mayor Howard Wolfson . "  It was going to be a divisive , difficult day instead of a day of celebration . " Shortly after 5 p.m. , the cancellation announcement was made . Mike Denton , a New Yorker who was set to run the race , said he was looking forward to the opportunity to "  use this as a way to build some energy and kind of remind myself why New York is awesome . " Now , he said , five months of training is "  for nothing . " New York after Sandy : A tale of two cities Others expressed concern for the economic implications of canceling such a huge revenue-generating event . Olympic marathoner and former New York City Marathon champion Paula Radcliffe said on Twitter that the city needs "  the solidarity , the lift , and the economic boost that Marathon Sunday brings to NYC . " Tony Ruiz , a running coach with the Central Park Track Club , said Thursday that the consequences of canceling "  would be very severe and possibly hurt the city even more , and certainly hurt economically . " The marathon is also an important fund-raiser for hundreds of charities who recruit runners to raise funds , and they stand to lose their pledged donations , said Lee Silverman , president of JackRabbit Sports , a running gear retailer that works with many of those charities every year . More than $ 34 million was raised in 2011 by runners doing the race for charity , according to the marathon website . New York Road Runners , which puts on the marathon every year , said it is donating $ 1 million to the Hurricane Sandy Relief Fund and encouraged others to donate as well . After getting over the shock of the race 's cancellation , Denton said he and his team will put away their running shoes Sunday and put on their work gloves as they join the volunteer effort . Mandel , for her part , ended up leaving the race expo before hearing the news that the event had been canceled , having already made up her mind that she would not run this year . "  It 's a wonderful experience . I 've done it many times . It 's not the right time , " she said . Opinion : Jersey Shore , I 'll miss you CNN 's Melissa Gray , Heather Butler , Eden Pontz and Chris Kokenes contributed to this report .	"  It 's not the right time , " runner and longtime New Yorker says Mayor 's original plan to hold the race sparked a chorus of criticism locally and nationally Residents were worried resources would be diverted for the marathon The marathon has never been canceled in its 42-year history
CNN  -- Since "  The Blair Witch Project , " "  Cloverfield " and "  Paranormal Activity , " it 's been impossible to see a camcorder movie without steeling yourself for some monstrous horror lurking just offscreen . "  Project X " is supposed to be a comedy , but parents with teenagers -- or parents with kids who may one day turn into teenagers -- will regard it with much the same mixture of dread and terror . It 's Thomas ' 17th birthday . Mom and Dad have recklessly elected to take off for the weekend . Sure , they know he 'll probably have friends over , but they trust him to use his common sense , and anyway , he does n't have that many friends . But they reckon without the influence of his determined buddy Costa , who puts all his considerable social networking skills to promoting what turns out to be the ultimate house party . Beer will be chugged , tequila slammed , pills popped  cherries too  , furnishings trashed , cars crashed , there will be fire , SWAT teams and loud noise late into the night . Oh yes , my friends , the peace will be disturbed ! There 's nothing new about any of this -- the wild party is firmly entrenched in youths ' rites of passage in the movies and in high school lore across the land . In my day , it was Tom Cruise turning his home into a brothel and getting on the wrong side of Guido the Killer Pimp . Now , it 's Thomas Mann orchestrating a rave in his backyard and stupidly ripping off a frazzled drug dealer by the name of T-Rick .  Kids , if you take away just one lesson from this movie , let it be this : There 's no percentage in ripping off your dealer . Still , it seems to me Cruise was at least respectful of those working girls . To Thomas and the gangsta-mouthed Costa  Oliver Cooper  , even their classmates are "  hos " and "  b * tches . " If this movie has it right , today 's teen culture is about what you would expect from a demographic brainwashed on a junk media diet of rap , pornography and reality TV . Please note , I said "  If . " "  Superbad " seems almost quaint in comparison -- and a whole lot funnier , in my opinion . Not that there 's any point in sermonizing about such a self-consciously anarchic celebration of adolescent hedonism . There 's not much to it , but at least there 's a trace of punk rebellion in the orgy of destruction visited on a comfortably middle-class suburban home -- even if the coda dubiously suggests that this could be the shortcut to social status and parental respect . Yeah , as my kid would say , right . Directed by newcomer Nima Nourizadeh from what must have been a stick-thin screenplay , "  Project X " loses more than it gains from the "  videography " gambit . It is indifferently acted and in too much of a rush for quick hits to establish anything like the lull and swell of a real rave -- there 's no undertow , no rapture , just a randomized string of highs and lows . Even the hangover is shortchanged  despite a producer credit for "  Hangover " director Todd Phillips  . That 's not to say there are n't at least a few outrageous gags , YouTube moments to share , but mostly this looks like exactly what it is : a wasted opportunity .	Reviewer Tom Charity : "  Project X " loses more than it gains from the "  videography " gambit There 's nothing new here -- the wild party is ingrained in youths ' rites of passage , he says "  Project X " was directed by newcomer Nima Nourizadeh
Giglio , Italy  CNN  -- Italian search-and-rescue teams have found another body aboard the partly sunken cruise ship Costa Concordia , civil protection office spokeswoman Francesca Maffini said Sunday . The woman is the 13th confirmed victim of the wreck on January 13 . Divers are working to recover the body , which was found underwater on bridge number 7 , Maffini said . The victim was wearing a life jacket , she said . The discovery leaves about 19 people still missing since the ship hit rocks in the shallow waters off the coast of Tuscany , according to CNN count . A 12th body was found within the ship Saturday afternoon , according to Italian authorities . The body of a woman wearing a life jacket was discovered in an area of the ship that was under water , Maffini said . A committee comprising the parties involved in the rescue told a briefing for reporters and residents on the island that search and rescue efforts will continue -- but that the environmental risk is also becoming urgent . Officials said they can not predict how long it will take to clear the wreckage , since that depends on maritime conditions and technical difficulties , but all legal , environmental and human factors will be taken into account . "  It 's time for Italy to show it can do something right and do it well , " said Franco Gabrielli . Gabrielli , who leads Italy 's civil protection agency , warned that the task ahead was complicated and daunting , not least because it takes about 45 minutes to search each cabin , using special cameras and divers . The giant Costa Concordia had 1,500 cabins on board . Gabrielli said no fuel oil had yet leaked from the ship -- only kitchen and engine oil -- and that he did not see an immediate risk of the 2,400 tons on board escaping . A plan to remove the fuel oil has been approved , he said , and will begin once experts give the go-ahead . Booms have been put in place around the ship to stop the spread of oil and other pollutants such as detergents and sewage chemicals . With 4,000 people aboard , the ship was the size of a small town , Gabrielli said . Fuel will be replaced with water as it is removed from the ship 's tanks to keep the ship balanced , said Adm. Ilarione Dell ` Anna , head of coastal authorities for the port city of Livorno . Gabrielli said Costa Cruises , the company that owns the cruise ship is cooperative and was proving responsible , despite past errors . Both Costa Cruises and authorities have criticized Capt. Francesco Schettino , who is under house arrest and faces possible charges of manslaughter , shipwreck and abandoning ship . An audio recording obtained by Italy 's Repubblica newspaper and published Saturday shows that the captain , at least at the outset of the incident , assured authorities he would do the right thing . According to the recording , an Italian Coast Guard official asks Schettino how many people needed to be evacuated to the top of the ship to be rescued on life boats . "  About two of three hundred people still , " the captain says . The Coast Guard asks -- will everyone evacuate , or will someone stay behind ? "  I will stay here , " Schettino answers , saying that he believed that the boat was done leaning over . Other audio recordings previously released , however , indicate that Schettino did not stay on board , but left the ship , to the anger of authorities . The office of prosecutor Francesco Verusio said it would lodge an appeal against the investigating judge 's decision to grant the captain house arrest . Verusio has said he that the captain should be in jail given the flight risk , and the gravity of his crimes . Schettino 's lawyer , Bruno Leporatti , spoke to Italian news channel Sky Tg24 on Friday , urging people to reserve judgment on the captain until they have all the facts . Schettino 's leadership has been repeatedly questioned . Earlier this week , a cook from the ship told a Filipino television station that the captain ordered dinner for himself and a woman at about 10:30 p.m. -- less than an hour after the collision . However , a Moldovan woman , Domnica Cemortan , 25 , who also works for the cruise line but said she was on the Concordia as a passenger , defended the captain in a TV interview . "  I 've heard in Russian media that the captain left the ship first , or among the first . But this is not true , " she said . Prosecutors have accused the captain of piloting the ship too fast to allow him to react to dangers , causing the shipwreck , according to legal papers . There were roughly 4,200 people on the Costa Concordia when it ran aground -- about 3,200 passengers and 1,000 crew members . The vast majority fled the ship safely . CNN 's Dan Rivers , Livia Borghese , Hada Messia , Marilia Brocchetto and journalist Barbie Nadeau contributed to this report .	NEW : The body of a woman is found , still wearing a life jacket , authorities say Search-and-rescue teams resume work after stopping overnight for safety Authorities are preparing to remove 2,400 tons of fuel from the ship The Costa Concordia hit rocks on January 13 with about 4,200 people aboard
CNN Student News  -- October 29 , 2009 Download PDF maps related to today 's show :  Peshawar , Pakistan  Washington , D.C.  Kennedy Space Center Transcript THIS IS A RUSH TRANSCRIPT . THIS COPY MAY NOT BE IN ITS FINAL FORM AND MAY BE UPDATED . MANDY CARRANZA , CNN STUDENT NEWS ANCHOR : Today marks a milestone for the stock market , one that most people probably do n't want to celebrate . We 'll explain why in a bit . Hi , everyone . Sitting in for Carl Azuz , I 'm Mandy Carranza . First Up : Peshawar Blast CARRANZA : First up , officials in Pakistan are speaking out against the most violent attack to strike the country this year . It happened yesterday in the city of Peshawar , when a car bomb exploded in a busy marketplace that 's popular with women . More than a hundred people were killed by the blast and at least 200 others were injured . The bomb sparked fires that quickly spread through nearby fabric stores . The attack happened just hours after Secretary of State Hillary Clinton arrived in Pakistan to take part in meetings about the nation 's fight against the Taliban . She issued a challenge to the people responsible for yesterday 's violence . HILLARY CLINTON , U.S. SECRETARY OF STATE : If the people behind these attacks were so sure of their beliefs , let them join the political process . Let them come forth to the people of Pakistan in this democracy and make their case that they do n't want girls to go to school ; that they want women to be kept back ; that they believe that they have all the answers and that the rest of us who are people of faith have none . Hate Crimes Law CARRANZA : Back in Washington , President Obama has signed a law that makes it a federal crime to assault someone because of his or her sexual orientation . The new legislation was included in a defense spending bill and it expands on the government 's existing hate crimes law . Some critics of the expanded law argue that it 's not necessary to specify one particular group . They believe the existing hate crimes law protected people based on their sexual orientation . There 's also some concern that the law could be used against people who may say something controversial , although government officials say it will only be used in the case of violent acts . Congressional Gold Medal CARRANZA : And President Obama took part in another ceremony yesterday , this one honoring Edward Brooke , who you see there on the right . He was the first African-American elected to the U.S. Senate by popular vote . And yesterday , Mr. Brooke was awarded a Congressional Gold Medal , Congress ' highest civilian honor . Brooke served as a Republican Senator from Massachusetts from 1967 to 1979 . During yesterday 's ceremony , President Obama said Brooke ran for office in order to bring people together who had never been together before . And former Senator Brooke had a similar message yesterday as he urged political leaders to put politics aside and come together . Shoutout BRENDAN GAGE , CNN STUDENT NEWS : Today 's first Shoutout goes out to Mrs. Sherrill 's 2nd period journalism class at Riverside High School in Greer , South Carolina . Mars is the Roman god of war . Who is his Greek counterpart ? If you think you know it , shout it out ! Is it : A  Ares , B  Athena , C  Apollo or D  Zeus ? You 've got three seconds -- GO ! Ares is the god of war in Greek mythology . That 's your answer and that 's your Shoutout ! Ares Launch CARRANZA : And now , Ares might help people reach Mars . Huh ? We 're talking about NASA and its Constellation program , which includes the new Ares I-X rocket . That 's the one . After several days of delays due to bad weather , a test flight of the new Ares rocket launched yesterday , climbing 24 miles above the Earth . According to NASA , this is the largest rocket in the world . The craft is scheduled to replace the space shuttle , and might one day take astronauts to the moon , Mars and beyond . Before yesterday 's launch , John Zarrella checked in with a preview of NASA 's new program . BEGIN VIDEO JOHN ZARRELLA , CNN CORRESPONDENT : On launch pad A , the space shuttle . It is the present and soon to be the past . On pad B , the Ares I-X rocket ; the future , maybe . Built to replace the retiring shuttle fleet , Ares would be the first vehicle since the Apollo years to take humans out of low Earth orbit , perhaps to Mars . CHARLIE PRECOURT , VICE PRESIDENT , ALLIANT TECHSYSTEMS : It behooves us to build an architecture that can serve a multitude of missions for those next 50-plus years . And that 's where this was first envisioned , was to think about space station , lunar , asteroids , beyond . ZARRELLA : The White House has still not decided whether Ares , built with a budget as thin as the rocket itself , should be the shuttle 's replacement . NASA and the rocket 's developers have pressed ahead . The pressure is enormous . Over the summer , the rocket segments were put together in the vehicle assembly building . The upper part of the rocket is made up of dummy segments designed to mimic the real deal . The lower stage of four segments of solid rocket will burn for two minutes , producing 3 million pounds of thrust . The entire vehicle is filled with a web of 711 sensors . JOE OLIVA , ARES I-X PROGRAM MANAGER : The goal of an early flight test is to get the test off early enough that you can actually use that data to influence and make course corrections , if you will , to the design on the full vehicle . ZARRELLA : But course corrections might cause further delays . The first flight with humans sitting in a capsule on top of the rocket wo n't take place until 2015 , at the earliest . At least five years after the last space shuttle flight . UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE : Booster ignition , liftoff of space shuttle Discovery ! END VIDEO Shoutout Extra Credit TOMEKA JONES , CNN STUDENT NEWS : Time for a Shoutout Extra Credit ! Wall Street 's infamous "  Black Tuesday " happened in what year ? You know what to do . Was it : A  1929 , B  1953 , C  1987 or D  2008 ? Another three seconds on the clock -- GO ! October 29 , 1929 is referred to as Black Tuesday . That 's your answer and that 's your Shoutout Extra Credit ! Black Tuesday CARRANZA : Do the math , and that means that today is the 80th anniversary of Black Tuesday . It 's called that because on that day in 1929 , the Dow Jones Industrial Average , which gives an idea of how the whole stock market is doing , dropped nearly 13 percent . It became the most famous stock market crash in U.S. history . And many experts point to it as the start of the Great Depression , a global economic slump that would last almost a decade . Richard Roth takes a look back at that fateful day . BEGIN VIDEO RICHARD WARSHAUER , WALL STREET AFICIONADO : This is where everything started . And for centuries , this is where everything happened . RICHARD ROTH , CNN CORRESPONDENT : The Crash . No , not last year 's stock market plunge , but the Great Crash . It all went down 80 years ago this week . WARSHAUER : 1929 was the greatest fall in the Dow Jones over a two-day period . In today 's terms , it would be like a 2,200-point drop . ROTH : Richard Warshauer and lifelong friend Jim Kaplan give tours every anniversary of the Great Crash . JIM KAPLAN , WALL STREET AFICIONADO : This whole area was filled with people who had come down to see what was going on . UNIDENTIFIED MALE : The tremendous crowds which you see gathered outside the stock exchange are due to the greatest crash in the history of the New York Stock Exchange in market prices . ROTH : Quite a shock , especially because the Friday before , following a large drop , newspapers proclaimed the stock market crisis was over . UNIDENTIFIED MALE : But in October 1929 , the Wall Street bubble burst . ROTH : The historic collapse was just starting , eventually leading , many believe , to the Great Depression . UNIDENTIFIED MALE : And then it actually loses 89 percent of that value in the stock market crash in 1929 . ROTH : At the Museum of Finance on Wall Street , a ticker-tape machine from the crash days . The end of a mania for stocks based on easy credit . RICHARD SYLLA , ECONOMICS PROFESSOR AND HISTORIAN : It 's leverage . I mean , we learned in the latest financial crisis that firms and individuals can take on too much leverage . That 's exactly what they did in the 1920s . ROTH : A familiar replay to someone born during the crash years . HILDA HEIN , MUSEUM VISITOR : It did have the smell of the same thing happening again . ROTH : The crash experts say a famous story is true . At the market 's peak , tycoon Joseph Kennedy , patriarch of the Kennedy clan , hearing stock tips from a shoeshine man and selling stocks short , making a fortune . Do you give out stock tips to anyone , like the famous shoeshine man of 1929 ? LINWOOD HARRIS , SHOESHINE MAN : No , I do n't . No , I do n't . ROTH : But he did shine the shoes of Kennedy 's grandson , John Kennedy Jr. . Linwood says he is the last shoeshine man left on Wall Street . I really had a bad year in the market , so I ca n't pay you right now , but I 'm -- no , I 'm going to pay you . Richard Roth , CNN , New York . END VIDEO Promo CARRANZA : You 've probably noticed that Carl is off this week . But before he left , he broke out the video camera and talked to some of his co-workers about why they enjoy working at CNN Student News . You can check out their responses in the newest video on our Facebook page . Find it at Facebook.com / cnnstudentnews . Before We Go CARRANZA : Before we go , Halloween always brings out some interesting activities . Like Colorado 's annual coffin race ! At least , that 's what these are supposed to be . They look more like man-powered go karts . Either way , the event seems to be a crowd pleaser . Basically , the boxes are put on wheels , and then contestants tear down a track that 's nearly two football fields long ! Of course , the coffin race is part of a seasonal festival ... Goodbye CARRANZA : ... so it 's just about fun . There are no grave consequences . We hope to see you again tomorrow as we wrap up the week . For CNN Student News , I 'm Mandy Carranza .	Hear one official 's challenge to militants after violent attacks in Pakistan Launch into the details of NASA 's new space program and its Ares rocket Look back at a day that many point to as the start of the Great Depression Use the Daily Discussion to help students understand today 's featured news stories
CNN  -- More than 40 years after pingpong diplomacy led to a thaw in Sino-American relations , it was on display again -- in rudimentary form -- as Michelle Obama visited a Beijing high school during her family 's first full day of a visit to China . At about 9:30 a.m. , Obama -- accompanied by her daughters , Malia and Sasha , and her mother , Marian Robinson -- stepped from a black SUV onto a red carpet leading from the street to the entrance of Beijing Normal School , where they were greeted by China 's first lady , Peng Liyuan , and ushered inside for a tour . Michelle Obama is on an official visit to expand relations between the United States and China . "  Warmly Welcome to Our School , " read a sign on the digital aboard in front of the complex . A stop in a robotics lab included a look at a station holding a metal , snowflake-shaped , remote-controlled robot . "  It can go over obstacles , " a student said , demonstrating as it moved along a white strip over cardboard and plastic yellow bricks . ` Bad Boy ' robot ` is really naughty ' When the robot got stuck , its student operator said something to the effect that it was nervous . "  Do n't be nervous , " Obama said . "  It 's pretty impressive , " she added as the robot was operating . At another station , a young man showed Obama "  Bad Boy , " so named because the robot "  is really naughty , " he said , according to a pool reporter . Obama agreed to try it , but could not get the remote control to work and handed it to Malia , who had better luck . The first lady spoke with a number of students , asking a 16-year-old what she wanted to do after high school . "  I want to turn mathematics into reality , " the student answered . When they arrived at a pingpong practice room containing six tables , an instructor asked Obama if she wanted to try her hand at it , and she quickly assumed the role of student . "  All right , wait , " she said , taking off her vest . "  How do I hold the paddle properly ? " "  This is the angle , " the instructor responded , holding it vertically . "  OK , we 're going to get this , " Obama said . "  Let 's go . " Armed with a paddle , she volleyed for about five minutes -- first with the instructor , then with a young woman , as students looked on . "  Nice , " she said occasionally after her opponent returned her shot . But Obama acknowledged that she had little experience with the game . "  My husband plays , " she said . "  He thinks he 's better than he really is . I could stay here all day . " 1971 pingpong match proved key The 50-year-old first lady was in grade school when a chance meeting by a Chinese pingpong player with a U.S. player led to Beijing 's decision to invite the American table tennis team for an exhibition match in 1971 . That match laid the groundwork for the visit of U.S. President Richard Nixon in 1972 and paved the way for the establishment of diplomatic ties in 1979 , ending China 's isolation from the outside world . As the members of the first family departed the school , 33 American exchange students -- one of them from Sidwell Friends , the Washington school attended by Malia -- lined up in front of the red carpet and across from their Chinese counterparts to shake hands with the family before they left for their next stop , the Forbidden City . Michelle Obama 's schedule does not include a news conference , and she is not expected to answer questions from professional reporters during the trip . But on Saturday , she is planning to answer several of the more than 300 questions filed by CNN iReporters about studying abroad and international travel . And on Tuesday , she will answer questions submitted by U.S. classrooms as part of a webinar series by Discovery Education and the White House . The three generations of girls and women flew from Washington on Wednesday for what is to be a weeklong trip to three Chinese cities , where Obama is expected to speak with children at schools about education and youth empowerment . Official : U.S.-China relationship is ` between peoples ' "  Her visit and her agenda sends a message that the relationship between the United States and China is not just between leaders , it 's a relationship between peoples , " said Deputy National Security Adviser Ben Rhodes . "  That 's critically important , given the roles that our two countries are going to play in the 21st century , that we maintain the very regular contacts that we have at the leader-to-leader level , but that we 're also reaching out and building relationships with people , particularly young people . " U.S. President Barack Obama is expected to meet with Chinese President Xi Jinping at next week 's Nuclear Security Summit at The Hague , Netherlands . White House officials told reporters this week that the two leaders will discuss issues on which the United States and China differ , such as human rights and trade . "  We do n't expect the people of China to agree with all of our policy positions at any given moment , but the more they understand the United States -- the more they understand the President and the first lady and their values and their priorities -- we think the better it is for both of our countries , " Rhodes added . China is the fifth most popular country for U.S. students studying abroad , and more students from China study in the United States than from any other country . CNN 's Mike Martinez contributed to this report .	Anyone for table tennis ? Michelle Obama is The game led to a thaw in U.S.-Chinese relations more than four decades ago Michelle Obama is to answer questions from CNN iReporters on Saturday "  I want to turn mathematics into reality , " says one student
Pakistani authorities have ordered six foreigners working for the aid group Save the Children to leave the country , officials said Thursday , suggesting the aid workers had been helping a foreign spy agency operating on Pakistani soil . An official from the Pakistani Foreign Ministry and a Pakistani security official confirmed the order and said it was linked to suspicions the foreigners had been working with the spy agency . They declined to be identified because they were not authorized to speak to the news media . A spokesman for the Save the Children , Ghulam Qadri , denied the accusations against the organization , which operates in dozens of countries . He said officials from the Interior Ministry had n't explained why the foreign workers had to leave . The Pakistani authorities have previously alleged that Save the Children was linked to the CIA 's search in Pakistan for Osama bin Laden , accusations the organization has long denied . Bin Laden was killed in a U.S. Navy SEAL raid in Pakistan in May 2011 . "  Save the Children has never been involved in any activity beyond our mandate , " Qadri said . "  We have always cooperated with investigators and provided them with all the information they have asked for . " In a May 2011 report , Pakistani investigators alleged that Save the Children 's country director in Pakistan at the time had introduced doctor Shakil Afridi to the CIA in 2008 . Pakistani authorities accused Afridi of working with the CIA to set up a fake vaccination campaign to try verify bin Laden 's whereabouts . Save the Children denies being involved with the CIA or the search for bin Laden . Afridi "  has never worked for Save the Children , " Qadri said . "  This has been made clear . " Afridi is now serving a 33-year prison sentence related to separate charges of providing medical care for Pakistani militant groups . Qadri said the authorities had initially given Save the Children 's six foreign employees two weeks to leave the country , but the group is negotiating for more time . He said some of the employees had already left Pakistan . Save the Children says the group remains fully operational with more than 2,000 Pakistanis working in 70 districts throughout the country . "  We have a firm resolve that we will put the needs of the children first , " Qadri said . "  We 'll continue to work with the same spirit and zeal for the rights of the children in this country . "	The Pakistani authorities have previously linked Save the Children to the CIA The government has now ordered six foreigners working for the group to leave The aid group denies the accusations and says the order has n't been explained A 2011 report alleges that Save the Children helped in the hunt for bin Laden
CNN  -- The Obama administration is proposing to scrap the NSA 's bulk collection of all Americans ' phone call records . The administration 's proposal is eminently sensible . It eliminates the government collecting five years of every Americans ' phone records and instead mandates that U.S. phone companies themselves keep those records for only the 18 months that they are required to do so by federal regulations . And most importantly , it proposes that a court order would be necessary to obtain the phone records of individual Americans . This ensures that there is some kind of judicial review before the government can get hold of any American 's phone records , rather than leaving this up to the judgment of a small group of anonymous officials at the National Security Agency . The new proposal , first reported in The New York Times , ensures that the NSA is no longer storing vast amounts of data about Americans ' calling habits while it still allows the government to access the phone records of terrorism suspects after a judge has reviewed the case . This proposed fix to the system hardly seems onerous . After all , since 1979 , judges have only turned down 0.3 % of the requests they have received for warrants involving cases of suspected espionage or terrorism . Such a move would , however , assure Americans that there was some sort of due process going on whenever their phone records are examined by the government . This is closer to the spirit of the Fourth Amendment , which guards against "  unreasonable searches , " than does the present system in which the NSA sucks up vast amounts of phone record information . The Obama administration proposal is particularly welcome in light of a New America Foundation study published in January . The study looked at the government 's claims about the role that NSA "  bulk " surveillance of phone records had in keeping the United States safe from terrorism and found that these claims were overblown . An in-depth analysis was conducted of 225 individuals recruited by al Qaeda or a like-minded group , or inspired by al Qaeda ideology and charged in the United States with an act of terrorism since 9/11 . The analysis demonstrated that traditional investigative methods -- such as the use of informants , tips from local communities and targeted intelligence operations -- provided the initial impetus for investigations in the majority of cases while the contribution of NSA 's bulk surveillance of phone records to these cases was minimal . Click to go to a database of all these 225 individuals and additional details about them . So what has been the impact of NSA data collection ? The bulk collection of American telephone metadata -- which includes the telephone numbers that originate and receive calls as well as the time of those calls but not their content  under Section 215 of the Patriot Act  -- appeared to have played an identifiable role in , at most , 1.8 % of these cases . This finding corroborated that of the Obama-appointed White House review group , which had access to classified materials . That group concluded in December that "  section 215 telephony metadata was not essential to preventing attacks . " Furthermore , our examination of the role of the database of U.S. citizens ' telephone metadata in the single plot the government used to justify the importance of the program -- that of Basaaly Moalin , a San Diego cabdriver who in 2007 and 2008 provided $ 8,500 to Al-Shabaab , al Qaeda 's affiliate in Somalia -- calls into question the necessity of the Section 215 bulk collection program . According to the government , the database of American phone metadata allows intelligence authorities to quickly circumvent the traditional burden of proof associated with criminal warrants , thus allowing them to "  connect the dots " faster and prevent 9/11-scale attacks . Yet in the Moalin case , after using the NSA 's phone database to link a number in Somalia to Moalin , the FBI waited two months to begin an investigation and wiretap his phone . This finding undercut the government 's theory that the NSA database of Americans ' telephone metadata was necessary to expedite the investigative process , since it clearly did n't expedite the process in the single case the government used to extol its virtues . The New America Foundation study concluded the surveillance of American phone metadata had no discernible impact on preventing acts of terrorism and only the most marginal of impacts on preventing terrorist-related activity , such as fundraising for a terrorist group . That 's why the new Obama proposal to end the NSA sucking up of the phone records of Americans going back half a decade is especially welcome . David Sterman and Emily Schneider helped research this article .	President Barack Obama is proposing to end NSA bulk collection of phone records It would require a court order to obtain phone records of individual Americans Peter Bergen : Government would still be able to do legitimate terrorism investigations He cites study by New America Foundation that found phone records were of minimal use
CNN  Are you tired of seeing the bumbling , clueless , buffoon-like dads in commercials -- the ones whose biggest contribution to child rearing is uttering "  Yes dear " as their partners do all the work ? I am and so are countless other men and women . And now , it seems , Madison Avenue is getting the message . In Sunday 's Super Bowl -- which will be seen by more than 100 million people if last year 's telecast is any indication -- a handful of ads will showcase dads as they really are  what a concept !  -- as loving , caring , supportive , helpful and major figures in their children 's lives . "  It 's about time , " said Buzz Bishop , a father of two in Calgary , Alberta , and founder of the blog Dad Camp . One of the brands is Dove Men + Care , which is re-releasing its widely popular ad that debuted last year for Father 's Day . The ad celebrates fathers with vignettes of children of all ages saluting their individual dad by calling him "  Daddy , " "  Da-Da " or "  Dad . " It will be showcased in a 60-second spot during the big game .  NBC is charging around $ 4.5 million for 30-second commercials , according to CNN Money . I tear up every time I watch it . "  This provides a counter-narrative to all the action hero , buffoon images that we see , " said Michael Kimmel , professor of sociology and gender studies at Stony Brook University on Long Island . He also heads up the school 's Center for the Study of Men and Masculinities . Kimmel was hired by Dove Men + Care as an adviser to help analyze and build on research that the brand conducted last year on how men view masculinity . No more dumb old Dad : Changing the bumbling Dad stereotype The study , which involved online surveys with more than 1,000 men in the United States and 2,000 men in the United Kingdom , Germany , Brazil and China , found that only 7 % of men can relate to the way the media depicts masculinity . Men today are spending far more time doing housework , helping with childcare and enjoying more egalitarian relationships than any generation in American history , and their ideas about what it means to be a man have begun to shift as well , said Kimmel , who is also the author of more than 20 books including "  Manhood in America : A Cultural History . " Think about it : Seattle Seahawks star Richard Sherman said there is a chance he could miss the Super Bowl if his girlfriend goes into labor on Game Day . Would that have happened years ago ? Kimmel said his father grew up at a time that very much matched the experiences of the character Don Draper in "  Mad Men . " "  I grew up thinking my world would look like Don Draper 's but it looked nothing like that , " said Kimmel . "  And my son  age 16  ... absolutely knows that his world will not look like that . " Other brands getting high marks from fathers craving a realistic portrayal of dads today include Nissan , which released a preview clip of its ad -- its first Super Bowl commercial in 18 years . The ad appears to showcase a race car driver balancing his high-stakes work with the birth of a child . As CNN Money reports , the soundtrack of the ad is Harry Chapin 's immensely popular song "  Cat 's Cradle , " which is about a father who is too busy at work and ca n't spend much time with his son . Nissan back in Super Bowl after 18 years In advance of the airing of the commercial on Sunday , Nissan also has launched a social media campaign at WithDad.Com , inviting people on YouTube to submit videos about what fatherhood means to them . Doug French , co-founder of the Dad 2.0 Summit , one of the largest gatherings of parenting writers , dad bloggers and online personalities and now in its fourth year , says brands are increasingly realizing that dads are consumers and caregivers too . "  It 's no longer a viable thing to try and hook in the moms by sending a collective eye roll at the dads , " said French . He remembered how Huggies , just a few years ago , released an ad showing how fathers were pretty much incapable of staying with their kids for a week while their wives were gone . Petitions followed , and Huggies took action , releasing new ads showing dads caring for their children and attending conferences like the Dad 2.0 Summit , said French . "  We 've seen the needle move from flawlessness in the '50s to absolute helplessness in the '90s and now we kind of want the needle to come back down the center where it should be , " he said . "  We 're not Superman , but we 're not idiots either , " said French . In conversations with dads , mainly through email , about the new ads , including Toyota 's campaign showcasing former football players talking about the role their fathers played in their lives , they applauded the move by brands and talked about the larger impact especially on boys and young men . "  While football displays one form of entertaining masculinity , it is important for boys to see that masculinity or being ` like a boy ' also includes caregiving , compassion and sacrifice for family , " said Vincent O'Keefe , a former professor , writer and stay-at-home father of two girls , who is currently working on a memoir about gender and parenting . Bishop , the father of two in Calgary , said "  good positive portrayals " of modern fathers are needed because they are "  a legitimate driver of public opinion and attitudes . " "  When commercials say gay couples are ` OK ' or interracial marriage is ` OK ' or involved fathers are ` OK , ' then people come out of their shell and buy in , " said Bishop . "  Advertising does n't just sell products , it very much shapes public opinion . " How to Super Bowl #LikeAGirl Jim Higley , a father of three and a radio host , writer and founder of Bobblehead Dad and spokesman for the Dove Men + Care brand , said there remains a "  big gap " between what men see on the screen and how they feel in real life . "  Caring for my family is the most important thing in my life . It defines me as a man , " said Higley , who said it is "  refreshing " to see "  a little bit of reality " in Super Bowl commercials . "  Our self-worth is wrapped up in the people we love and our ability to care for them . It 's the new definition of strength for a men , " he added . Of course , brands are ultimately driven by profits , and so those that reflect men as they are today stand to earn more than just a feeling of goodwill . "  People who get it right are going to reap major benefits , " said French of the Dad 2.0 Summit . John Furjanic , a single father of a 7-year-old in Chicago , summed it up this way . He 's received some attention from single women who are taken with his involvement in his daughter 's life . "  It makes sense that advertisers would follow the trend . " What do you think about the way dads will be portrayed in some Super Bowl ads ? Share your thoughts with Kelly Wallace on Twitter or CNN Living on Facebook .	A handful of brands will be showcasing modern dads in Super Bowl ads Fathers embrace the move and say the ads could help change perceptions Study : Only 7 % of men relate to the way the media depicts masculinity
CNN  -- Comcast rolled out a Web-based on-demand television and movie service on Tuesday that gives customers access to more than 2,000 hours of television and movies . The move comes as users increasingly are bypassing their TV sets and heading straight to the Web -- both legally and illegally -- to watch their favorite shows . The service , named Fancast XFINITY TV  formerly called TV Everywhere  , is the biggest cable industry initiative to keep people from skipping traditional TV service in the United States . "  I watch TV online every day . I find it more convenient than my regular TV ... , " Michael Heard , a self-employed computer repairman from Atlanta , Georgia , said via e-mail . "  I 'm usually watching TV on one window while reading e-mail or tweets on another . "  And also my time is important , so sitting down and watching a show at 8 or 9 p.m. is n't convenient . Online TV allows me to watch what I want when I want . " Networks have tried for the past couple of years to find a way to reach Web-watching audiences by streaming content on their Web sites or making partnerships with Hulu , one of the larger online TV sites . Now , Comcast is hoping it can make a dent in the market by serving up premium content . It is available to all Comcast customers , so long as they subscribe to both Internet and Cable service . Heard said he does n't expect to give up Hulu , though many of the same episodes and Web clips will be available on Fancast . Heard , trying out the site Tuesday after it went live , tweeted that he thought the service was "  awesome , " and he finally had a place where he could watch the entire series of "  The Sopranos . " "  The quality , it 's really clear and loads fast , " he said , though he noted there were still some bugs in the product . Heard occasionally had to reload the site , and felt that installing the video player and authorizing the computer took a bit more time and was harder than simply pressing play on Hulu . The service is getting mixed reviews on Twitter , with customers giving instant feedback about their experiences . Some complained that high-definition videos , which are available on Hulu , are not available on Comcast 's service . Others complained about having to download a separate video player , the service not being compatible with the Linux operating system , and only being able to authorize the service on a total of three computers . Comcast hopes to wow customers even more in the future . In the next six months , after the service has gone through more beta testing , the company plans to open the service to a broader customer base . Customers will be able to access all content -- depending on the tiered level of service they subscribe to . Those not paying for HBO regularly , for example , wo n't be able to snag the newest episode of "  Curb Your Enthusiasm " online . In addition to catching up with sites like Hulu and Clicker , Comcast executives told media outlets they expect to serve up a feature that Tivo fans have come to love -- allowing customers to program their DVR from afar . Executives said they hope the service would be available in about six months . To access the content , users simply need to log in with their Comcast e-mail address at fancast.com . The site is offering live online help , including help retrieving those addresses .	Comcast 's Fancast XFINITY TV goes live Tuesday for its Internet , TV subscribers Service follows trend of trying to keep users from abandoning cable TV for Web Site allows users access to premium content , like HBO , if they subscribe New user finds a few bugs , but calls site "  awesome " for its selection and load time
Washington  CNN  -- Under cover of darkness , two people wearing dark clothing and ski masks enter a fire truck while its crew is busy with a rescue . They grab keys to secure areas of Washington 's subway system and flee . And it all happens just blocks from the Pentagon . In a jittery post-9 / 11 world , it 's small wonder the incident has raised concerns . But Washington Metro officials and authorities in Arlington County , Virginia , attempted to tamp down fears the September 19 theft is terror related . They said the suspects stole numerous items from the truck , and likely did not target the keys . Moreover , the officials said they quickly took unspecified steps to secure the region 's transit system . The incident occurred just across an interstate from the Pentagon between 4 a.m. and 4:30 a.m. , while the crew tended to a patient . An on-board video-camera captured images of the thieves as they either approached or departed the truck , Arlington Police Department spokesman Dustin Sternbeck said . Both Sternbeck and Metro spokesman Dan Stessel said numerous items were lifted , including the Metro keys . Both declined to say how many keys were taken , or what the keys opened . The fire crew reported the theft promptly , Sternbeck said , and canine dogs were sent to the scene . Sternbeck said police have not released the video of the suspects , but might if detectives feel it would help the investigation .	Two thieves in masks strike while fire crew tends to rescue near Pentagon Suspects make off with a number of items , including keys to secure areas of Metro Episode raises concern in post 9/11 Washington , but officials believe theft is isolated Video captured incident that occurred in past week ; no suspects identified
CNN  -- Newly released documents have reignited the debate in Washington over whether Obama administration officials granted too much access to filmmakers making a movie about the raid that killed Osama bin Laden -- and whether national security was compromised in the process . The documents show , for example , that a defense official offered the filmmakers access to a planner from SEAL Team Six , the super-secret special ops division that successfully executed the high-stakes raid in Pakistan last year . It is not clear if any such access eventually took place . But according to a transcript from the meeting , in July of last year , Undersecretary of Defense for Intelligence Michael Vickers told screenwriter Mark Boal and director Kathryn Bigelow that the defense department would offer up a plum interview . "  They 'll make a guy available who was involved from the beginning as a planner ; a SEAL Team 6 Operator and Commander , " Vickers said , according to the transcript . The name of that man is blacked out in the transcript that was released , and Vickers tells the filmmakers not to reveal the man 's identity . "  He should n't be talking out of school , " Vickers says , but "  he knows what he can and ca n't say . " "  That 's dynamite , " says Boal , according to the transcript . "  That 's incredible , " says Bigelow . "  You 're going to get a little bit of operational stuff , " Vickers says , "  but more really policy -- like how did we make the decision , the risks , that kind of stuff . " It was not clear whether the SEAL team commander ever met with the filmmakers . A Pentagon spokesman said the Defense Department gave them no access to classified information about the raid . But Rep. Peter King , R-New York , chairman of the Homeland Security Committee , says the offer of access looks like a "  potentially dangerous collaboration " and raises "  very serious questions " about whether the administration is sufficiently protecting operational secrets . "  If this is too sensitive for the average person to know about , " King said , "  did Kathryn Bigelow have security clearance ? Is she cleared to go in there ? " Fran Townsend , former White House homeland security adviser under President George W. Bush and a CNN contributor , called the revelations "  troubling . " She said revealing too much information about how the bin Laden raid was planned and executed could help other terrorists escape attempts to capture them . "  The understanding of how that happens is really very important to our enemies because then they know which information to withhold from us , " she said . "  We do n't want to make that mission -- attacking or targeting future al Qeada leaders -- any more difficult than it already is . " "  There 's a real downside to giving too much access to Hollywood , " she said . The records were released to the Washington watchdog organization Judicial Watch , after it filed a Freedom of Information Act lawsuit . According to e-mails among the documents , the filmmakers also met with acting CIA Director Michael Morrell , National Security Council Chief of Staff Denis McDonough , and White House Counterterrorism Adviser John Brennan . The records also suggest that they were given a walk-though of the "  vault " room used by the CIA when planning the raid . Doctor linked to raid sent to prison A CIA spokesperson confirmed that CIA officers sometimes to meet with writers and filmmakers to help make the portrayal of the CIA more accurate , but called those meetings unclassified . The spokesperson added that "  the ` vault ' in question , that had been used for planning the raid , was empty at the time of the filmmakers ' visit . " Likewise , White House officials have said they did not give the filmmakers anything that was not also provided to journalists . "  The same information was given to the White House press corps , " said National Security Council spokesman Tommy Vietor . "  We do not discuss classified information . " Administration officials have also rejected suggestions that they were hoping that a movie recounting the daring and successful raid ordered by President Barack Obama would burnish his image just when the presidential campaign reached its height . The released documents show that the political strategy firm Glover Park Group , which has ties to Democrats , helped the filmmakers arrange meetings in Washington . "  To have Democratic consultants , lobbyists , having access with Hollywood producers to inner workings of the CIA , of the military , raises very serious questions , " said Republican Rep. King . But the filmmakers , whose representatives declined to comment Wednesday , have said in the past that the film would be about a nonpartisan American triumph without regard for political affiliation . And while the release of the film had once been anticipated for October , just weeks before Election Day , its release is not expected until December . CNN 's Suzanne Kelly , Brianna Keilar , and Larry Shaughnessy contributed to this report .	Filmmakers are making a movie about the raid that killed Osama bin Laden Newly released documents recount access granted to the filmmakers A congressman says the offer of access raises "  very serious questions " Rep. Peter King questions whether operational secrets are being adequately protected
CNN  The Oscar statuette , seen by many as the film industry 's highest honor , has been given a new and biting spin by a Los Angeles street artist . Plastic Jesus -- the artist prefers not to go by his real name -- showcased a life-size Oscar-inspired statue snorting what is intended to look like cocaine on Hollywood Boulevard , just blocks from where the Academy Awards will take place Sunday . The golden figure is bent over a line of white powder with a credit card lying nearby . A placard underneath the statue reads , ` Hollywood 's Best Party . ' The display lasted on the sidewalk near the Dolby Theatre for five hours Thursday before it was removed , but Plastic Jesus hopes his work made a clear statement before Sunday 's biggest bash . "  The Oscars is a very glitzy , high-profile event , so I wanted to bring attention to cocaine use in Hollywood , " the artist told CNN . "  It 's part of the culture here . " Last year , Plastic Jesus came up with a similar stunt to address "  the covering up of drug use in Hollywood . " In that installation , the Oscar statue had a needle in its arm , appearing to be shooting up heroin . It was said to be inspired by Oscar winner Philip Seymour Hoffman , who had died in New York weeks prior from acute mixed drug intoxication  both heroin and cocaine were contributing factors in his death  . Plastic Jesus is a former photojournalist from London , according to The Hollywood Reporter . Before he set out to expose Hollywood , he created similar social commentary through graffiti featuring Lance Armstrong with an IV bag attached to his arm , a reference to doping allegations against the bicyclist . "  We only hear about  drug abuse  when high-profile people in Hollywood have a meltdown , check into rehab , or die , " Plastic Jesus tells CNN . Celebrity substance abuse confessions "  There is a fear among these people that their careers will be ruined if they admit that they have a drug problem . " Plastic Jesus believes that his art work has the potential to make important change in Hollywood , and beyond . "  Hopefully , my work will help people who have a problem and think they 're alone , but also make a difference on a governmental level . They are not doing enough . " CNN made multiple attempts to reach the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences for comment , as it is famously protective of images of the Oscar statuette . Plastic Jesus says he has received a lot of support from within the entertainment industry .	Artist Plastic Jesus showcases an Oscar-inspired statue snorting what looks like cocaine Artist says it 's a commentary on the prevalence of drug abuse in Hollywood Art installation removed from its spot on Hollywood Boulevard after five hours
CNN  -- It seemed like a good idea at the time : Skip the "  Jonas Brothers : The 3D Concert Experience " -- the only major wide release this weekend and more or less review-proof -- and check out the new releases down at the local DVD store instead . Jeremy Strong and Fairuza Balk star in "  Humboldt County , " though she does n't hang around long . I was up for this assignment . We all know how close "  Slumdog Millionaire " came to bypassing theatres . The film was initially bankrolled by Warner Independent , and when that boutique shingle was rolled into parent Warner Bros. , some executive decided that the year 's best picture should not pass Go -- skip the $ 200 -- and head straight to the rental chains .  Warner Bros. , like CNN , is a division of Time Warner .  If it could happen to "  Slumdog , " what other gems might be out there ? I scan the shelves . "  High School Musical 3 . " "  W. " "  How to Lose Friends and Alienate People . " I 'm a movie critic -- been there , done that . A harder look produces a handful of possibilities . I zero in on three unfamiliar titles . "  Humboldt County " boasts the participation of former child star Fairuza Balk while the quote from Time Out New York promises "  a pleasant buzz . " "  Ghost Writer " does n't come with any critical endorsement , just a groaner for a tagline  "  Deadline has a new meaning "  , cover art that says horror-suspense , and an oddball cast : Alan Cumming , David Boreanaz , Anne Heche , Henry Thomas , Jane Lynch , Karen Black and Carrie Fisher . Intriguing . Finally , there 's "  Lullaby "  "  He took her son ... now she 'll take him "  starring Oscar best actress nominee Melissa Leo . With its unfashionable sepia artwork and mom-on-the-warpath scenario , this looks like a 1970s grindhouse flick . Not best picture material , I 'm thinking , but then again , when did you last see a bad Melissa Leo performance ? Never , I 'll bet . It 's a crapshoot , so to improve the odds I take all three . First up is "  Humboldt County . " It turns out this did get a theatrical release . It opened on nine screens in September and went down from there , so unless you actually live in Humboldt County , which is in far northern California , you probably missed it . And if the movie is to be believed , even if you do live there you probably still missed it , because you were otherwise engaged in farming illegal substances , gazing at the shoreline , and/or hanging out with your quirky neighbors . It 's an alternative lifestyle that sneaks up on the very straight , anxious young med student Peter  Jeremy Strong  . He 's inducted by "  Bogart "  Balk  , but scarcely seems to notice when she disappears in the second reel , leaving him in the care of Rosie and Jack  Frances Conroy and Brad Dourif  , not to mention her last boyfriend , Max  Chris Messina  . In keeping with the hazy vibe of the thing , nothing much happens -- slowly . Peter misses the bus out of town , more than once . Eventually you realize days , even weeks have gone by and Bogart still has n't returned . You wonder if Peter and Max might hook up in her absence ? But that would harsh the mood . Instead things just drift by . What does the world need with another doctor anyhow -- and where 's Zach Braff when you need him ? So I 'm underwhelmed by "  Humboldt County , " but it 's a masterpiece beside "  Ghost Writer . " Shown in festivals as "  Suffering Man 's Charity " -- possibly the worst title I 've ever heard -- "  Ghost Writer " is the story of an effete gay music teacher , John  Alan Cumming  , harboring an unrequited crush on Sebastian  Boreanaz  , a rampantly heterosexual drifter and aspiring novelist he has invited into his home . John gets madder and madder with Sebastian until the day he knocks him out , dresses him in a bra and panties , ties him up with fairy lights and starts swinging . It sounds horrific but it 's pitched as an arch black comedy , and so incongruously staged by Alan Cumming  who also directs  that it 's neither funny nor scary , except in how scarily unfunny it is . Mind you , the scene in which horny 69-year-old Karen Black makes out with Boreanaz taps a camp hysteria that puts the rest of this flaccid flick to shame . Two down . Now my hopes are riding on "  Lullaby . " I check out the Internet Movie Database and wish I had n't : "  Lullaby " has a user rating of 2.8 out of 10 . Leo is Stephanie , a waitress who is getting hit up for money by a foreign gangster who says he has her  grown  son , a junkie . So Stephanie does what any self-respecting mom would do . She sells her car , borrows from her friends , and buys a plane ticket to South Africa to deliver the thug his ransom in person . Only the price has gone up . He gives her two hours to stump up another $ 2,000 . Directed by Darrell Roodt and produced in South Africa , "  Lullaby " makes no sense in any way except one : Leo 's performance does . The "  Homicide " and "  Frozen River " actress soldiers through this thing with dogged commitment , as if she does n't know where her next meal is coming from . If that means taking a gig shooting in the sleaziest crime neighborhood in Jo ` burg , well , it 's still better to play a waitress than be one . I know exactly how she feels . After all , I could be watching the Jonas Brothers right now . "  Humboldt County " is rated R and runs 97 minutes . "  Ghost Writer " is unrated and runs 93 minutes . "  Lullaby " is unrated and runs 97 minutes . For a review of the Jonas Brothers ' film , go to EW.com .	Some films go straight to DVD for a reason "  Humboldt County " drifts by , with little reason to watch "  Ghost Writer " is neither scary nor funny , despite being pitched as black comedy Melissa Leo does yeoman 's work in pointless "  Lullaby "
Los Angeles  CNN  -- A co-founder of the Pinkberry yogurt chain was found guilty on Friday of beating a homeless man with a tire iron near downtown Los Angeles , prosecutors said . A jury deliberated a little more than one day and found Young Lee , 49 , guilty of assault with a deadly weapon , said the Los Angeles County District Attorney 's Office . "  The jury of six women and six men also found true the special allegation that the assault caused great bodily injury to the victim , who sustained a broken left forearm and several cuts to his head during the June 15 , 2011 , attack , " the district attorney 's office said in a statement . Lee faces up to seven years in prison . His sentencing is scheduled for January 14 . The victim , whose name was n't released Friday , was panhandling on an off-ramp of U.S. Highway 101 near downtown when Lee thought the homeless man had disrespected him by exposing a sexually explicit tattoo , prosecutors said . Lee parked his car near the off ramp , gave chase and beat the victim on his head and arm , prosecutors said . Lee was convicted of possession of a controlled substance and carrying a loaded firearm in 2001 . After Lee 's arrest in January 2012 , Pinkberry released a statement in which it said he no longer has any involvement with the company , and has n't since May 2010 .	A jury finds Pinkberry co-founder Young Lee guilty of assault with a deadly weapon Lee , 49 , faces up to seven years in prison Lee beat a transient with a tire iron after he thought the man disrespected him Lee has n't had any involvement with Pinkberry since May 2010 , firm says
CNN  -- Colombia are through to the quarterfinals of the Copa America after beating Bolivia 2-0 in Sante Fe on Sunday to finish top of Group A with seven points . In-demand Porto striker Radamel Falcao put Colombia ahead in the 14th minute after running onto a long through-ball . And Falcao , who is rumored to be interesting Chelsea who are now managed by his former Porto coach Andre Villas-Boas , doubled the lead by netting from the penalty spot 12 minutes later . Has Argentine football reached crisis point ? Adrian Ramos , Freddy Guarin and Dayro Moreno all went close for Colombia in the first half , although they took their foot off the gas after the break . The result cranks up the pressure on host nation Argentina ahead of their Group A finale against Costa Rica on Monday . Argentina need to win that match to qualify alongside Colombia , while a draw or Costa Rica win will send them crashing out . Bolivia 's defeat means they are out of the competition after collecting just one point from their three matches .	Colombia defeat Bolivia 2-0 to secure place in Copa America quarters Radamel Falcao scores both goals as Colombia finish top of Group A Argentina need to beat Costa Rica on Monday or they will fail to qualify
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The United States needs a new law requiring that the president consult with Congress before going to war , a blue-ribbon panel led by two former secretaries of state said Tuesday . James Baker , left , and Warren Christopher led a panel that recommended a new War Powers Act . The current War Powers Resolution is "  ineffective , and it should be repealed and it should be replaced , " James Baker said in a joint appearance with Warren Christopher , announcing the results of the study they led . The recommendation follows failed efforts by Democrats in Congress to put a stop to the war in Iraq or to put conditions on President Bush 's conduct of it . Congress passed a joint resolution to authorize armed force against Iraq in 2002 , but some Bush opponents say it should not have been interpreted as a blank check for the United States to invade and occupy the Persian Gulf nation . Baker , who served in George H.W. Bush 's administration , and Christopher , who served under President Bill Clinton , said their project was not prompted by any specific war , with Christopher adding that the commission had "  tried very hard not to call balls and strikes on past history here . " "  We did n't direct this report at any particular conflict , " Baker added . The existing law , the War Powers Resolution of 1973 , has been regarded as unconstitutional by every president since it was passed as a response to the Vietnam War , Baker and Christopher said . It requires presidents to report regularly to Congress about ongoing conflicts , but the provision has been flouted . "  No president has ever made a submission to Congress pursuant to the War Powers Resolution since 1973 , " former Sen. Slade Gorton , a Republican member of the committee , said Tuesday . The panel , formally called the National War Powers Commission , said a new law should be created requiring the president to consult with key members of Congress before sending troops into combat expected to last more than a week , or within three days of doing so in the case of operations that need to be kept secret . It should also make clear exactly who the president needed to consult . The panel suggests that the president talk to "  a joint Congressional committee made up of the leaders of the House and the Senate as well as the chairmen and ranking members of key committees . " The new committee would have a permanent professional staff with access to intelligence information , Baker and Christopher said . Congress , in turn , would have to declare war or vote on a "  resolution of approval " within 30 days , they said . If a resolution of approval failed , any member of Congress could introduce a "  resolution of disapproval , " but it was not clear that such an act would stop a war in progress . Christopher was unable to say in the news conference what practical effect congressional disapproval would have . Baker said the commission had been in touch with the presidential campaigns of Democrat Barack Obama and Republican John McCain , as well as leaders of Congress . He declined to reveal what they thought of the proposal , but said : "  We have n't gotten a negative reaction . " Congress has not officially declared war since 1942 , when the United States entered formal hostilities with the Axis powers in World War II . But since then , presidents have sent troops into countries including Korea , Vietnam , Grenada and Iraq . The Constitution makes the president the commander in chief of the armed forces , but gives Congress the power to declare war and approve military budgets . Baker and Christopher 's group included both Republicans and Democrats and held seven meetings over 14 months .	War Powers Act is "  ineffective " and should be repealed , blue-ribbon panel says Former secretaries of state James Baker and Warren Christopher led the study They say the project was not prompted by any specific war Panel proposes new law requiring president to consult with Congress
Paris  CNN  -- U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry said Sunday that Saudi Arabia will support military intervention in Syria by the United States and its partners . "  They have supported the strike and they support taking action , " Kerry said after a long meeting of Arab League ministers originally called to discuss the Mideast peace initiative . "  They believe that it 's very important to do that . " Kerry told reporters he had a very good side meeting with Saudi Foreign Minister Saud al-Faisal , and Saudi Arabia was one of the countries to sign on to a statement condemning the reported use of chemical weapons last month by the Syrian military against rebels . Saudi Arabia is a diplomatic heavyweight in the Arab world but has n't publicly called for an international military reprisal after the incident . With its vast air force and bases , Saudi Arabia could offer a lot of resources to Western militaries . But it 's not expected to participate directly in any attack on Syria , because that would be likely to inflame a widespread Arabian Peninsula antipathy against Western military forces intruding into Arab affairs . Kerry also said the Arab League ministers unanimously condemned the August 21 incident . "  As we discussed today , all of us agreed -- not one dissenter -- that  Syrian President Bashar  al-Assad 's deplorable use of chemical weapons -- which we know killed hundreds of innocent people , including at least 426 children on this occasion , this one occasion -- this crosses an international , global red line , " he said . He said the foreign ministers discussed the "  possible and necessary measures " needed to deter al-Assad from using chemical weapons again . Kerry said a "  number of countries immediately signed on " to an agreement reached by 12 countries on the side at the recent G20 summit . And while he named Saudi Arabia as one of those nations , he said the others that had agreed to help would make their announcements in the next day . The statement called for a "  strong international response " and "  supports efforts undertaken by the United States and other countries to reinforce the prohibition on the use of chemical weapons . " It did not expressly endorse military action , although U.S. officials said the nations who signed it interpreted the statement as tacit support for strikes . The Syrian government has denied being behind chemical weapons attacks , which it blames on rebels . Al-Assad on Sunday denied again he had anything to do with the use of chemical agents , U.S. journalist Charlie Rose reported . The PBS anchor and CBS "  This Morning " co-host said al-Assad told him during an interview to be broadcast Monday that Syria was prepared to retaliate if there was a military strike by the United States and its partners . "  It does n't surprise us that someone who would kill thousands of his own people , including hundreds of children , with poison gas would also lie about it , " a spokeswoman for the National Security Council , Bernadette Meehan , said . Al-Assad 's rare interview with U.S. media comes as U.S. President Barack Obama lobbies Congress and the country to support military action . Congress officially returns to Washington Monday after a monthlong summer recess to debate and vote on a resolution giving Obama the authorization to take military action . The president will go to Capitol Hill on Tuesday and make his case to Senate Democrats , a Senate leadership aide said Sunday . Obama will also address the nation on Syria Tuesday at 9 p.m. ET from the White House . Videos that purport to show the results of a chemical weapons attack are part of a White House campaign to inform Congress about the nature of the incident , Kerry said . "  The reason for this is to make sure everybody understands what is at stake , " he said . "  Those videos make it clear to people that these are real human beings , real children , parents being affected in ways that are unacceptable to anybody , anywhere , by any standard . " He said a vast majority of the members are undecided as to how they will vote on authorizing force against Syria . Qatari Foreign Minister Khalid bin Mohamed al-Attiyah appeared at the news conference with Kerry . "  Qatar is currently studying with its friends and the United Nations what it could provide in order to protect the Syrian people , " he said , according to a translator . Kerry met later with UK Foreign Secretary William Hague in London on Sunday . Britain 's Parliament has ruled out getting militarily involved in Syria , but Prime Minister David Cameron has pledged to continue to push for a tough response against the al-Assad regime . Kerry 's efforts with European allies paralleled those of his boss , Obama , who tried to rally members of the G20 in St. Petersburg , Russia , last week . Obama met with his Russian counterpart , President Vladimir Putin , on the sidelines of the St. Petersburg summit Friday . But despite both saying the talks were constructive , there was no sign of consensus . CNN 's Elise Labott reported from Paris . CNN 's Steve Almasy reported and wrote from Atlanta . CNN 's Nic Robertson , Nick Paton Walsh and Kevin Liptak contributed to this story .	NEW : President Obama to talk Syria on Capitol Hill on Tuesday Qatar says it is examining options on how to deal with Syria Syrian president tells U.S. journalist that Syria is prepared to retaliate if U.S. attacks Syria crossed ` international , global red line , ' he says
