CNN  -- Reports of yet another outbreak on a cruise ship this week have some imminent cruisers asking the unpleasant question : What are the chances of spending my vacation in the bathroom ? "  My mother , who is a first-time cruiser , is seriously reconsidering our choice for our family vacation , " wrote CNN reader Monica Mancera in an e-mail . The University of Texas at Austin student is booked on a Carnival cruise with her family in March . The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention is investigating two recent norovirus outbreaks at sea . One outbreak hit Royal Caribbean 's Explorer of the Seas , infecting more 600 passengers and crew . The other struck a Princess Cruises ship , which cut short its seven-day Caribbean itinerary after more than 180 passengers and crew members fell ill . The cause has not yet been determined . Not exactly tropical drinks by the cruise ship 's pool , lovely walks by the moonlight and port visits to exotic climes . And just the thought of wasting precious vacation time has worker-bee bystanders riled up : So glad it 's not me ! Poor suckers ! And cruise skeptics who have never been on cruises have another opportunity to ask : What were they thinking ? "  I think they are floating germ kingdoms . Disgusting , " wrote Matt Dryden of Newport , North Carolina , via e-mail . "  Never been on a cruise because of that exact reason . " Cruising represents one of travel 's deeper divides . Love it or hate it , most of the keenest objections are only half true -- or false , depending on how you look at it . Floating petri dishes ? Cruise ships are ripe for spreading illness . Outbreaks of norovirus , the leading cause of acute gastroenteritis in the United States , occur most frequently in close quarters , according to the CDC . Nursing homes , dormitories and cruise ships are common transmission grounds . In 2013 , the CDC 's Vessel Sanitation Program logged nine gastroenteritis outbreaks aboard ships , seven of which had a confirmed cause of norovirus . About 1,200 cruise passengers were affected by those norovirus cases . To put those figures in perspective , the industry 's Cruise Lines International Association says more than 10 million passengers embarked on CLIA-member cruise ships from a U.S. port in 2012 . Meanwhile , nationwide , norovirus sickens an estimated 21 million people in the United States every year , according to the CDC . Bottom line : More people are getting sick on land .  Granted , that 's little comfort if you 're vomiting violently at sea  . More outbreaks of gastroenteritis have been reported aboard cruise ships since 2001 , according to CDC statistics . The government agency says the spike is tied to an increase in both passengers and ships sailing the seas as well as an overall increase in norovirus outbreaks . "  There are attempts to control these types of outbreaks , but it 's hard to guarantee that it 's not going to happen for any particular cruise , " said Dr. Lin Chen , director of the Travel Medicine Center at Mount Auburn Hospital in Cambridge , Massachusetts . So yes , the threat of illness is real . Yet the number of reported outbreaks among thousands of annual sailings has ranged in recent years from less than a dozen affected sailings to about three dozen . Who 's responsible for the outbreak ? "  Though the cruise lines may get the bad rap for an outbreak of gastrointestinal illness , cruise lines typically do a masterful job of cleaning and disinfecting the ships before , during , and after passengers set sail , " said Robert Kwortnik , marketing professor at Cornell University 's School of Hotel Administration . That 's because the stakes are so high . "  It 's more likely that the cause of these outbreaks is us -- or what technology professionals refer to as " ` user error , ' " he said . "  We might not be feeling tip-top when we board the ship and instead bring illness on-board with us rather than saying , ` Maybe I should do this another time . ' No one wants to cancel a vacation , especially if it 's nonrefundable . " Kwortnik 's solution : Buy travel insurance , which is intended for just this kind of problem , and stay home if you 're sick . The recent outbreaks are n't scaring away some travelers . "  I feel for the people who are suffering through it , but for the number of cruises per year and the sheer number of people on them , outbreaks like this are just too small for me to worry about , " wrote Christina M. Stetler of Manchester , Pennsylvania , via e-mail , who took a cruise in September . Are ships or passengers unsanitary ? Norovirus , the most common cruise ship outbreak offender , spreads quickly from person to person but can also be transmitted through contaminated food or water or from contaminated surfaces . The CDC 's Vessel Sanitation Program conducts regular unannounced inspections of cruise ships . Explorer of the Seas , the Royal Caribbean ship currently experiencing an outbreak , scored a 98 out of 100 on its last inspection in July 2013 . "  Something like this is not representative of an unclean ship , " said Colleen McDaniel , managing editor of CruiseCritic.com . "  It does n't mean this particular vessel was unclean . It just means there was an outbreak on board . They 're ending the cruise two days early and doing a really deep cleaning of the ship . It 's not likely to happen on the same ship again . " Unlikely , but not unheard of : Princess Cruises ' Crown Princess had norovirus outbreaks on two consecutive sailings in 2012 . In 2010 , the CDC issued a four-day no-sail recommendation for a Celebrity Cruises ship after three consecutive outbreaks of gastrointestinal illness . The deep cleaning upon Explorer of the Seas ' return to port "  will be the third aggressive sanitizing procedure the ship has undertaken since we became aware of the issue , " Royal Caribbean said . Wash your hands ! Cruise lines activate CDC-monitored response plans when outbreaks are detected . Measures include increasing the frequency of cleaning and disinfection , isolating ill people , distributing information about proper hand-washing and hygiene as well as illness updates and regular reporting to CDC Vessel Sanitation Program officials . Hygiene is extremely important when outbreaks occur . Proper hand washing , avoiding contact with ill passengers and direct contact with public surfaces such as restroom door handles can help stem the spread of highly contagious illness . The CDC offers health tips for cruisers on its website . Avid cruiser Marcy Webster and her husband wo n't be changing their plans for an upcoming sailing on Royal Caribbean 's Allure of the Seas . Norovirus : The most common stomach bug "  It is not the cruise line 's fault . It is a passenger who came onboard sick and spread the virus everywhere . On every cruise I have been on , the crew is diligent in keeping things clean and making passengers use hand sanitizer , " Webster , of Keller , Texas , wrote in an e-mail . "  Bad things happen . If you stop your life for fear of what could be , you never experience anything . " That 's not good enough for Cheryl King , who decided not to take a cruise with her family after learning about the outbreak on the Royal Caribbean ship . "  We were in the process of looking for a cruise when this story came on , " King wrote CNN , via e-mail . "  We have decided our money will serve us much better by keeping both feet on terra firma , where we can walk away if something goes sideways . "  We will not be going on any cruises . Ever . "	Some travelers hesitant to cruise due to gastrointestinal outbreaks aboard cruise ships In 2013 , about 1,200 passengers were sickened by norovirus on cruise ships More than 10 million passengers embarked cruise ships from a U.S. port in 2012 Each year , norovirus affects an estimated 21 million people in the United States
CNN  -- By the time Edward Lee Elmore won his freedom at age 53 , he had spent 30 years -- most of them on death row -- imprisoned in South Carolina for a crime he says he did not commit . Law enforcement planted evidence and prosecutors manipulated facts to cast Elmore as the only suspect in the 1982 murder of 75-year-old Dorothy Edwards , his lawyers claim . Even with seemingly overwhelming evidence in Elmore 's favor , it took nearly two decades to win his release , in what an appeals court called "  one of those exceptional cases of ` extreme malfunctions in the state criminal justice systems . ' " Read the U.S. Court of Appeals opinion on the case  PDF His experience raises nearly every issue that shapes America 's capital punishment debate : DNA testing , mental retardation , a jailhouse snitch , incompetent defense lawyers , prosecutorial misconduct and "  a strong claim of innocence , " said author Raymond Bonner , who wrote about the case in "  Anatomy of Injustice : A Murder Case Gone Wrong . " In other words , a prime example of when "  innocence is not enough , " Bonner said . Elmore would probably still be on death row if not for Diana Holt , who began investigating his claims of innocence in 1993 . When Holt met Elmore , she was surprised that a convicted killer on death row could be "  so docile and gentle . " Two post-conviction review courts rejected Elmore 's claims , though one noted that he "  may well not be guilty . " But Holt never considered giving up . "  If I throw in the towel , a client dies . If I stop working , they stop breathing , " Holt said . "  Sometimes , I am the first person who ever stuck by them or treated them with respect . " A bloody crime scene Elmore was arrested in January 1982 for the rape and murder of Edwards , a wealthy widow in Greenwood , South Carolina . Edwards ' longtime neighbor and friend , Greenwood City Councilman Jimmy Holloway , told police he let himself into her house after noticing newspapers piling up in her driveway . Inside the house , he discovered her bloody corpse in a bedroom closet and alerted police . Holloway also identified Elmore , who had cleaned Edwards ' windows and gutters the month before , as a possible suspect . Within 48 hours , police arrested Elmore based on a thumbprint found on Edwards ' back door . By April , a Greenwood County jury had convicted Elmore of murder and sentenced him to death . It would be the first of three times he would stand trial in the case , followed by years of appeals and post-conviction reviews . When Holt took on the case , she says , she discovered a disturbing chain of events that led to Elmore 's conviction , starting with law enforcement 's willingness to build a case around Holloway 's timeline . From there , Elmore 's lawyers say , prosecutors suppressed blood and fingerprint evidence that could have cast doubt on their case . Instead , Elmore 's lawyers claim that prosecutors deliberately introduced falsely incriminating statements from a jailhouse informant and hairs from Elmore that were not found at the crime scene . A breakthrough finally came in 2011 , when the 4th Circuit U.S. Court of Appeals reversed Elmore 's conviction and ordered a new trial , based partly on findings that Elmore 's trial lawyers blindly accepted the prosecution 's case without bothering to examine the evidence in his first trial and retrial . "  A healthy skepticism of authority , while generally advisable , is an absolute necessity for a lawyer representing a client charged with capital murder , " a judge wrote in the majority opinion . "  Elmore 's lawyers disregarded their professional obligation to investigate critical prosecution evidence , thereby engendering ' a breakdown in the adversarial process that our system counts on to produce just results . ' " ` Could n't believe my eyes ' None of it would have come to light if not for Holt . She was in her mid-30s when she joined the case the summer before her third year of law school . Her journey to law school had been hard-fought , with a history of abusive relationships and a stint as a teen serving time in a Louisiana prison for armed robbery . At 28 , she began taking community college classes and earned the grades to enter Southwest Texas State University . Given her past , Holt was pleasantly surprised when the University of Texas accepted her law school application in 1991 . Her professors nudged her in the direction of death penalty litigation when she began to show a knack for the persistent digging the job demands . Through internships at the Texas Resource Center , Holt met lawyer John Blume , executive director of the South Carolina Death Penalty Resource Center . During an internship there , Blume asked her to help with Elmore 's case by interviewing jurors . "  I started reading the trial testimony and could n't believe my eyes , " Holt said . "  All the forensic evidence evaporated under the smallest measure of scrutiny . " She became immersed in the case , "  all Elmore , all the time , " and "  classes became more like an annoying distraction , " she said . Blume offered her a job as a staff attorney once she graduated , but she could n't wait and moved to South Carolina before the final spring semester , for "  Elmore and John Blume , " she said , half-joking . A few things about the case jumped out at her . For one , police said they had seized pubic hairs from Edwards ' bed and identified them as belonging to Elmore . If that was true , Holt wondered , where were crime scene photos of those hairs on the bed ? Why were n't they packaged like other evidence taken from the scene ? Why did n't investigators collect the bedsheets for further analysis ? Elmore conceded that hairs introduced into trial evidence belonged to him but claimed that police pulled them from his head and groin area after his arrest . Meanwhile , fibers and hairs collected from Edwards ' body and marked "  item T " on an evidence log were never introduced into evidence . For years , the state claimed they were missing , until 1998 , when they were found in the private office of an investigator in the case . Testing revealed a "  Caucasian pubic hair inconsistent with Mrs. Edwards " that Elmore 's team claims could have cast doubt on the state 's theory that he was the only possible killer . Holloway 's "  farcical " trial testimony also led Holt to question his portrayal by prosecutors as a shocked neighbor and longtime friend . When Holt interviewed Holloway in 1993 , within five minutes , she said , he told her , "  I am the only one who could kill her and get away with it , the way she trusted me so . " Holloway died in 1994 . And yet , when Elmore walked out of prison in 2012 , he was not fully exonerated . Elmore agreed to a deal with prosecutors that allowed him to maintain his innocence while pleading guilty . In exchange for pleading guilty to murder , the state dropped a burglary charge and agreed to a 30-year sentence with credit for time served . In the 2012 hearing , prosecutor Jerry Peace said that the state still believed it had a strong case against Elmore but that the victim 's daughter supported the plea as a means of ending the case . Read more about the plea deal  PDF Holt , however , told the court that his defense team believed Elmore is "  100 % innocent " but also sought to end the case . He could have gone to trial , but she has seen other clients wait years for a retrial . She also would have preferred an all-out acquittal , but "  immediate freedom stymied ongoing justice , " she said . "  That the justice system provided an avenue for an immediate release to freedom for Mr. Elmore that was previously not available to him is more justice than injustice , " she said . "  Justice was better served with his freedom . " If you were in Elmore 's shoes , would you plead guilty to a crime you did not commit , in order to get out of prison ? Share your thoughts in the comments .	Edward Lee Elmore was sentenced to death for a murder he says he did n't commit Lawyers : Law enforcement planted evidence and manipulated facts to convict him Federal appeals court blamed "  extreme malfunctions " in the justice system To win his freedom , Elmore pleaded guilty to murder while maintaining innocence
The reputations of one of the Army 's finest generals and of a once-admired institution may get tarnished , but nothing should now get in the way of urgent investigations , firings and immediate fixes in health care for veterans . And for good measure , maybe heads should roll at the White House , too , because what we have been told so far about a burgeoning scandal over veterans ' care does n't add up . The story line out of the administration is that the head of Veterans Affairs , retired Gen. Eric Shinseki , and President Obama are both "  mad as hell " about alleged misdeeds and have sprung into action to put things aright . We are led to believe that alarm bells went off in both organizations as soon as allegations surfaced . One would so like to believe that were the case . Shinseki has a sterling record as a soldier . He was twice wounded in Vietnam -- the second time grievously , losing most of one foot . A lesser man would have been forced out of the service but through sheer courage  he used to run punishing laps around a track to show he was still able  , he convinced the Army to let him stay and he rose to four stars . More recently , Shinseki was the man who had the guts to tell the truth before we went into Iraq -- insisting he needed a much bigger force -- and was essentially cashiered . I have long been an unabashed admirer . Obama has also taken up the cause of veterans since he first ran for the U.S. Senate . So has the first lady . And under this president , much good has been accomplished for veterans in terms of health care , reducing homelessness , jobs , and importantly , a nation 's respect . But as admirable as Shinseki 's and Obama 's records have been on behalf of veterans , the story line the administration has been peddling about the VA 's care of veterans simply does n't fit the facts . The underlying problem at the heart of this scandal -- excessive , long waits for medical care for veterans coming home from Iraq and Afghanistan -- has persisted for years . Running for the White House , candidate Obama promised action . Soon after he took over the VA , Shinseki did take action , ordering that henceforth veterans would not have to wait more than 14 days for a medical appointment . But the bureaucracy at the VA , second only to the Pentagon in size , is notoriously sluggish . In 2010 -- four years ago ! -- the deputy undersecretary of the VA wrote a nine-page memo saying that in order to cover up their continued delays , various parts of the VA system were engaged in "  gaming strategies " -- in effect , lying . The General Accounting Office and VA inspector generals wrote reports saying the practice was widespread . One would have thought that would have set off alarm bells at both the VA and the White House . Where was the anger then ? There were some internal investigations , but they never went anywhere and there was little apparent sense of urgency . Six months ago , CNN turned loose its own investigative reporters and aired stories about excessive waits in several facilities across the country . Again , the VA and the White House had little to say . Then a month ago , CNN  along with the Arizona Republic  broke the story from the Phoenix VA that managers there have allegedly been cooking their books to provide false assurances . Veterans awaiting care were dying . The administration seemed to brush the story aside and Shinseki refused repeated requests from CNN for an interview . Recent days have been a political nightmare for the VA. . Hauled before Congress to testify , Shinseki testified that evidence suggested only "  isolated incidents " in the system . That same day CNN was reporting that there were allegations of misdeeds in at least six centers across the country . The next day the VA itself said there were 10 centers under investigation . By this week , the official number had mushroomed to 26 . And weeks after the fact , the VA has rescinded a bonus it gave earlier this year to the boss of that Phoenix operation . In the weeks ahead , the administration now says , investigators will come up with reports and maybe some folks will be forced out . We will see . In the meantime , veterans are still waiting to hear of decisive action to end their long delays in care . When troubles arise in which Americans are needlessly dying , citizens like to think of the president as the fireman-in-chief . He is there in the White House , his team ever vigilant , and at the first sign of danger , he leads his team into action . At his side is the Cabinet officer with responsibility . Sadly , that is not what happened here . For most Americans , the story of VA officials allegedly falsifying records of veterans ' care is disgusting . Those old enough to remember will be reminded how the government falsified counts of body bags in Vietnam . But the real issue is whether as a country , we are keeping faith with our veterans -- whether , as Abraham Lincoln urged in his second inaugural , we are binding the wounds of those who fought . Surely , we owe them prompt and professional care -- no more excuses , no more delays , no more b.s.	David Gergen : President Obama and Eric Shinseki have done much for veterans But he says their stories about the delays for medical care do n't add up A top VA official wrote about the coverup of long waiting lists four years ago Gergen : No more excuses , it 's time to investigate and fix this problem
CNN  -- African football champions TP Mazembe have been thrown out of the continent 's Champions League competition after fielding an ineligible player . Tanzanian team Simba complained after the Congolese side included defender Janvier Bokungu in a second-round tie , which Mazembe won after triumphing in both legs . Mazembe then beat Morocco 's Widad de Casablanca in the third round to reach the group stages of the tournament , which the club also won in 2009 . The Confederation of African Football said in a statement on Saturday that Simba and Widad would play off at a neutral venue next week , with the winning team to take Mazembe 's place in the eight-club group phase starting in July . War , diamonds and football : The amazing story of Congo 's TP Mazembe "  Following a complaint filed by Simba Sports of Tanzania following match 68 of the Orange Champions League , the Confederation of African Football launched an investigation on the eligibility of TP Mazembe 's player named Janvier Besala Bokungu , " it said on its website . "  The findings of the investigation were submitted to the Organizing Committee for CAF Interclubs Competitions . Based on those findings , the committee decided to disqualify TP Mazembe on the basis of Chapter VIII  Fraud  , article 24 , article 26  Qualification of players  and article 29 of Orange CAF Champions League regulations . " Simba had complained that the 22-year-old Bokungu was still contracted to Tunisian team Esperance , where he moved from Mazembe in 2007 . He has played at international level for the Democratic Republic of Congo . Football team owner determined to rebuild Congo "  Janvier properly revoked his contract with Esperance and Mazembe have no problem with the player or his former club . He was acquired after a mutual agreement , " Mazembe general manager Frederic Kitengie told reporters in quotes carried by the AFP news agency . Mazembe 's punishment ends the club 's hopes of a third successive African title , and another trip to the FIFA Club World Cup . Last year the Congolese team stunned Brazilian team Internacional before losing in the final to European champions Inter Milan , becoming the first African side to make it that far .	CAF expels to-time defending champions TP Mazembe after complaint over player Simba of Tanzania appealed to ruling body after losing to the Congolese team Mazembe 's Janvier Bokungu is allegedly still under contract to another team Simba and Widad de Casablanca will play off to decide which side takes Mazembe 's place
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- George Harrison 's closest friends and family gathered in Hollywood on Tuesday to dedicate the late Beatle 's star on the Walk of Fame . From left , musicians Tom Petty , Jeff Lynne and Paul McCartney join Harrison 's relatives for dedication of his star . "  There 's someone here from every important stage of George 's life and career , " Harrison 's widow , Olivia , said . Harrison , who was 58 when he died of cancer in 2001 , becomes the second Beatle with a Hollywood star . John Lennon was the first . The new star is next to the iconic Hollywood headquarters of Capitol Records , the distributor of much of Harrison 's music for the past five decades . Tuesday 's ceremony coincided with the Capitol/EMI announcement that it will release Harrison 's first solo greatest hits collection -- "  Let it Roll : Songs by George Harrison " -- on June 16 . Actor Tom Hanks said the world changed for him in January 1964 when he heard his first Beatles song . "  That 's when we escaped the doldrums and moved on to a brighter , better , more joyful future , " Hanks said . Superstar musicians Paul McCartney , Tom Petty , Joe Walsh and Jeff Lynne attended the star 's dedication , but they did not address the crowd . Scores of Harrison fans showed up for the event , with some traveling from as far as Liverpool , England . "  We all have deep feelings for George , because he was such a deep-feeling person , " Olivia Harrison said . "  He was a beautiful , mystical man , living in a material world , " she said . "  He was funny as the day is long and just as perplexing . " His son , Dhani , 30 , joked about his father 's star . "  It 's good , it 's lovely and it 's nice and shiny and I 'm glad it 's not outside of Frederick 's of Hollywood , " he said . Harrison was just 15 when schoolmate Paul McCartney asked him to join his and John Lennon 's band , the Quarrymen . The band evolved into the Beatles and the rest is history . Harrison played lead guitar and sang for the Beatles . Songs penned by Harrison included "  Taxman , " "  While My Guitar Gently Weeps , " "  Something " and "  Here Comes the Sun . " Harrison was a pioneer of what has since become a tradition of rock stars supporting charitable causes with their music . In 1971 , he helped organize the star-studded "  Concert for Bangladesh " at New York 's Madison Square Garden . In addition to his post-Beatles solo career , Harrison played with several groups -- most notably the Traveling Wilburys , alongside Petty , Lynne , Roy Orbison and Bob Dylan . CNN 's Denise Quan contributed to this report .	Harrison 's star next to Hollywood headquarters of Capitol Records Harrison , who died of cancer in 2001 , is second Beatle with star after John Lennon Some fans travel from as far as Liverpool , England for dedication of Harrison 's star Harrison penned many Beatles songs before launching successful solo career
UNITED NATIONS  CNN  -- The United Nations may expand its role in Iraq , according to a new draft resolution the U.N. Security Council is considering . Damage is evident at U.N. headquarters in Baghdad in September 2003 , a month after a deadly bombing . The resolution would expand the U.N. mandate in Iraq to include fostering "  regional dialogue " on matters such as border security , energy and refugees . The United Nations also would work with the Iraqi government to "  resolve disputed internal boundaries " and on "  planning , funding and implementing reintegration programs for former combatants . " A copy of the draft , which CNN obtained Thursday , calls for the extension of the mandate for another year after the current one expires next week , on August 10 . U.S. State Department deputy spokesman Tom Casey had no comment on the draft . The U.N. Assistance Mission for Iraq has had a limited role in the country since 2003 , when it greatly scaled down activities after two bombings at its Baghdad headquarters . Currently , the mandate calls for the mission to "  play a leading role " in helping the government with its electoral machinery and constitutional development . It is also mandated to advise on promoting human rights , working toward national reconciliation , developing civil and social services , coordinating development and aid , and planning on a "  comprehensive census . " The draft calls for these roles to continue , but would expand the mandate to include other activities . It calls on the mission to promote a "  national dialogue and political reconciliation " process that would be "  inclusive . " The U.N. Assistance Mission for Iraq also would be charged with promoting "  the development of effective civil and social services " and implementing programs "  to improve Iraq 's capacity to provide essential services for its people . " The resolution also mandates "  active donor coordination of critical reconstruction and assistance programs through the International Reconstruction Fund Facility for Iraq , " an agency created by the World Bank and the United Nations . The draft resolution calls for the U.N. Assistance Mission for Iraq to help the government with the "  safe , orderly and voluntary return of refugees and displaced persons , including coordinating and delivering humanitarian assistance in Iraq and coordinating with agencies providing assistance in states hosting Iraqi refugees . " It calls for a partnership between Iraq and the international community that would help the country foster "  peace , sound governance and economic reconstruction . " The draft says "  security is essential " for U.N. Assistance Mission for Iraq to perform its duties . The top U.N. envoy to Iraq , Sergio Vieira de Mello , and 21 others were killed in an August 2003 bombing at U.N. headquarters in Baghdad . After a second bombing that year and attacks against humanitarian workers , then-U.N. Secretary-General Kofi Annan removed all U.N. international staff from Iraq . A year later , a small U.N. contingent returned to Baghdad . E-mail to a friend	Draft Security Council resolution would expand U.N. role in Iraq U.N. role much reduced in 2003 after two bombings at its Iraq headquarters New resolution calls for U.N. to help resolve "  disputed internal boundaries " Also mandated : helping government bring back refugees , improve services
CNN  -- Disbelieving Chelsea fans have been celebrating with their Champions League-winning team in London on a victory parade the day after the club won the trophy for the first time in their history . Chelsea 's squad and temporary manager Roberto di Matteo traveled on two open-top buses , waving blue scarves as they showed off the famous trophy with the "  big ears . " Cheering fans crowded onto the streets and even climbed up trees and lampposts and onto bus stops around southwest London to catch a glimpse of their heroes , including matchwinner Didier Drogba . Chelsea , who overcame Barcelona in the semifinals , were 1-0 down against Bayern Munich with seven minutes remaining at the Allianz Arena , but Drogba conjured an 88th-minute equalizer . The Ivorian striker then scored the winning penalty in the shoot-out with what could be his final kick for Chelsea . The 34-year-old 's contract runs out this summer , and he has been linked with a move to China . It capped a remarkable few months for Chelsea , who sacked Portuguese manager Andre Villas Boas in late March with the team toiling in the Premier League and trailing 3-1 against Napoli after the first leg of their Champions League last 16 match . Under Di Matteo , Chelsea somehow overturned the deficit against Napoli , but a miraculous victory over Barcelona managed to overshadow that . Chelsea looked doomed again after skipper John Terry was sent off early in the second leg and they went 2-1 down on aggregate , but once again the Blues triumphed against the odds -- and repeated the trick against Bayern in the German 's club 's home stadium . The win also guaranteed Chelsea a place in the Champions League next season after missing out via the Premier League by only finishing sixth . Tottenham , who finished fourth in the English league , will have to settle for the Europa League . As the buses came to a halt on Sunday , Terry , who was suspended for the final but lifted the trophy with Frank Lampard , led the players and fans in a chant of "  champions , champions , ole ole ole . " When the microphone was passed to Drogba , he was serenaded by both players and fans with "  Didier Drogba , we want you to stay . " Roman Abramovich , the club 's wealthy Russian owner , was also on the parade to witness the celebrations of Drogba , Fernando Torres , Ashley Cole , Petr Cech , Juan Mata , and countless other signings made under his big-spending ownership . Winning the Champions League had been Abramovich 's dream and plenty of managers were fired over their failure to deliver it , but Di Matteo 's future is still far from secure . "  Whatever the club decides I will respect , it 's as simple as that , " the Italian coach said after the match in Munich . As the Chelsea fans celebrated , the mood in Munich was predictably somber . Once the delirious opposition fans had departed -- an estimated 100,000 Chelsea supporters were in Munich -- the city was left to mourn what most of the German newspapers saw as a desperately unlucky defeat . Sports daily Bild 's headline read : "  Schweini , we are crying with you ! " Bastian Schweinsteiger , the talisman of the Bayern team who came through the youth system at the club , hit the post with a hesitant penalty in the shoot out . Former Chelsea winger Arjen Robben had missed a chance to wrap it up even before the shoot out when he had a penalty saved by Cech in extra time . Chelsea had one corner in the entire match and scored from it through Drogba . Bayern had 20 corners , and 43 attempts on goal to Chelsea 's nine . "  It 's like a nightmare , " Bayern director of sport Christian Nerlinger said . "  When you see how the game played itself out , it 's like a bad film . "  This is frustrating and depressing to digest . This defeat is very difficult to take . " Munich daily SÃ 1/4 ddeutsche Zeitung concluded : "  How much bad luck fits into a single football match ? "	Chelsea parade the Champions League trophy through southwest London The Blues beat Bayern Munich on penalties for their first ever Champions League win Chelsea captain John Terry leads players and fans in chant of "  champions " Bayern fans in disbelief after seeing team waste chances to win in their home stadium
Las Vegas , Nevada  CNN  -- Disgraced football legend O.J. Simpson was in a Las Vegas courtroom Monday in a bid to get his robbery , assault and kidnapping convictions thrown out . Dressed in a blue prison uniform , the Heisman Trophy winner and former Buffalo Bills star halfback appeared to have grayed some during his four years of incarceration . He listened intently through hours of testimony , which concluded Monday evening . Simpson , who is serving a 33-year prison term , is asking for a new trial . In court papers , he 's arguing that bad legal advice led to his arrest and conviction in a 2007 confrontation with sports memorabilia dealers . Simpson accuses his old lawyer , Yale Galanter , of having a conflict of interest and of failing to mount an effective defense in his trial . He also says Galanter told him before that confrontation that he was within his rights to take back property he believed had been stolen from him , "  so long as there would be no trespass and no physical force used against the persons with the property . " Among the witness called on Monday was Arnelle Simpson , one of O.J. Simpson 's daughters , who said she and her father had dinner with Galanter and his wife the night before the incident took place . Simpson , 65 , was convicted of leading a group of associates into a room at the Palace Station hotel and casino and using threats , guns and force to take back the items from the two dealers . "  Simpson also contends that Galanter did not advise Simpson that carrying out the plan could subject him to criminal charges , regardless of the ownership of the property , " his new lawyers wrote in seeking a new trial . Simpson also blames Galanter for preventing him from testifying in his own defense . Without putting him on the stand , "  There was no evidence presented to adequately challenge the state 's evidence of criminal intent and knowledge of the guns or the bad character evidence to which the jury was exposed , " his appeal states . The Nevada Supreme Court already upheld his conviction in 2010 . Prosecutors have called the new attempt to reverse his conviction "  without merit , " and Galanter is quoted in court papers as telling the judge in the original trial that he spoke to Simpson only after the confrontation . "  Other than Simpson 's bare allegations , the record does not support any conflict of interest , " prosecutors wrote in response to Simpson 's claims . Galanter could not be immediately reached for comment Sunday . Simpson 's October 2008 conviction came on the anniversary of his famous acquittal on murder charges in the 1994 deaths of his ex-wife , Nicole Brown Simpson , and her friend Ronald Goldman . Though cleared of criminal charges , a civil jury later slapped him with a $ 33 million wrongful-death judgment , and lawyers for the Goldman family have doggedly pursued his assets . His current sentence leaves him eligible for parole in 2017 . Documentary : Serial killer , not O.J. , killed Simpson and Goldman	Simpson is serving a 33-year term for robbery , kidnapping and assault One of his daughters was among those who testified Monday Simpson says he got poor advice from his lawyer Prosecutors say there 's no merit to the claim
Bali , Indonesia  CNN  -- U.S. President Barack Obama declared his nine-day Asia-Pacific trip a success on Saturday , returning to the trip 's domestic impact after focusing for days on the United States ' role in the region and its relationship with China . In his weekly address , delivered from Bali , Indonesia , Obama said the trip helped cement trade deals that will support nearly 130,000 jobs . Agreements announced to export Boeing aircraft and G.E. engines to the region could increase U.S. exports by up to $ 39 billion , he said . "  These agreements will help us reach my goal of doubling American exports by 2014 -- a goal we 're on pace to meet , " he said . Obama was flying back to the United States on Saturday . He was scheduled to be back in Washington early Sunday . The administration advertised the trip , which began with a summit of Asia-Pacific leaders in Hawaii , primarily as an effort to shore up to United States ' role in the economically important region as a means of helping boost the ailing U.S. economy . Secondarily , White House officials characterized the trip as an effort to demonstrate its commitment to the region and its allies there as the United States winds down its military commitments in Iraq and Afghanistan and China begins to exert its own rising influence . During the trip , Obama announced an agreement to station U.S. Marines in Australia and held face-to-face meetings with Chinese officials and other leaders on economic and security issues , in addition to participating in the Association of Southeast Asian Nations economic summit and the East Asia Summit in Indonesia -- a first for a U.S. president , according to the White House . During the summit , Obama and his counterparts discussed economic issues , disaster response and territorial disputes over the South China Sea , an area critical to maritime shipping and one rich in oil and fish . China has claimed a significant portion of the South China Sea as its own territorial waters , putting it in conflict with other nations that have made claims on portions of the region . Sixteen of 18 leaders present at the meeting spoke out strongly against China 's stance in what was a productive , but not confrontational meeting , according to a senior administration official . Premier Wen Jiabao told the group that China wants to see the issue resolved peacefully , according to the official . "  I think it was constructive , and one has to believe that the Chinese premier will go back to Beijing with the sense that the center of gravity in the Asia Pacific area is around the adherence to the principle of the rule of law , peaceful resolution , and a constructive , rules-based approach to the resolution of territorial disputes , " the official said . Obama later met with the Chinese premier in a hastily-arranged meeting to continue their discussion on economic issues and the territorial dispute . Those talks occurred against the backdrop of Chinese consternation over the United States ' increasing assertiveness in the region . An editorial published Friday by the state-controlled Xinhua news agency chided the United States for what it called a willingness to flaunt international rules , even as it insists other countries follow them . It highlighted the U.S. invasion of Iraq in 2003 . "  Today , when the world is still facing many difficult global challenges , the United States needs to first revisit its double standards on international rules and start observing them itself instead of lecturing China . " Xinhua said in the editorial . Obama 's last appointment Saturday before leaving for Washington was a meeting with Thailand 's first woman prime minister , Yingluck Shinawatra . Obama congratulated Shinawatra on her "  inspirational " election win , and offered condolences and assistance to those affected by the flooding in Thailand . He also described Thailand as one of America 's oldest allies and spoke of the two nations ' great friendship . When Shinawatra expressed her regret at not having visited the United States , Obama responded by inviting her to Hawaii .	NEW : President Barack Obama declares Asia-Pacific trip a success NEW : Obama says deals cemented on the trip will support U.S. jobs and exports NEW : Obama also meets with Chinese premier over maritime disputes , economic issues NEW : Obama is scheduled to return to Washington early Sunday
CNN  -- Tareq Salahi said Tuesday he and his wife "  did not party-crash " a White House state dinner last week . The Obama administration said Salahi and his wife , Michaele Salahi , attended but had not been invited to the state dinner for visiting Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh , and officials say they got into the event because of a breach in security . Appearing on NBC 's "  Today " show with his wife , Tareq Salahi said the aftermath of the incident has been "  the most devastating thing that 's ever happened to us . " "  We 're greatly saddened by all the circumstances that have , you know , been involved and portraying my wife and I as party crashers . I can tell you , we did not party crash the White House . " Salahi said he and his wife "  are cooperating extensively with the U.S. Secret Service " in their investigation of the incident and said "  the truth will soon come out . " Yet White House press secretary Robert Gibbs said Tuesday the Salahis were not on an invitation list of guests . "  If your name is not on an invitation list and you show up , in my book , that 's called crashing , " he said on CNN 's "  American Morning . " "  The president was concerned about the security breach here , as was the Secret Service , " Gibbs said . "  The Secret Service is evaluating their procedures . " The Salahis said last week that they would appear Monday on CNN 's "  Larry King Live , " but they later canceled after CNN reported Thursday about several lawsuits involving the Salahis . The couple 's publicist , Mahogany Jones , urged CNN to delay its report about the couple 's legal woes . "  We will begin doing press and media next week providing exclusive interviews and press junkets , " Jones said in an e-mail to CNN on Thursday . "  If you would like to be considered in our media circuit we request that you hold your proposed published profile until then . " On the "  Today " show , Gibbs was asked about a report that the Salahis had an e-mail exchange with a Pentagon official and believed they had an invitation . "  I think if you ask the Salahis directly , they were not on a list here at the White House . Their name was not in a security tower in order to get into this secure complex . And they had been told on a number of occasions that they did not have tickets for that dinner . " Monday , Defense Department official Michele Jones denied in a statement obtained by CNN that she helped try to get the couple on the list for the state dinner . "  I did not state at any time , or imply that I had tickets for ANY portion of the evening 's events , " Jones said in a prepared statement released by a White House official . "  I specifically stated that they did not have tickets and in fact that I did not have the authority to authorize attendance , admittance or access to any part of the evening 's activities . Even though I informed them of this , they still decided to come . " Jones is a special assistant to Defense Secretary Robert Gates and serves as the Pentagon 's liaison to the White House . The Washington Post reported that the Salahis have turned over copies of an e-mail exchange with Jones to Secret Service investigators . In the Tuesday interview on the "  Today " show , however , the Salahis did n't want to give more detail on their position while the Secret Service investigates . Tareq Salahi said he and his wife are "  respecting " the Secret Service "  timeline " and "  want to get through that process . " They suggested there was no misunderstanding . "  In our view , it 's clear to us . And based on the timeline , I think the American public is actually going to be extremely surprised with all the details that went from beginning to end into what was supposed to be a lovely , beautiful evening , " Tareq Salahi said . The Salahis also denied a report that they were uninvited guests at a Congressional Black Caucus dinner in September , saying they had been invited there by a law firm and had been its guests at the dinner . "  Were we escorted out ? Of course not . That 's another gossip rumor , " he said , saying the story got started through a gossip column . Yet a spokesman for the Congressional Black Caucus Foundation said Tuesday that the couple was asked to leave the event . President Obama and the first lady also attended that fundraiser dinner , but foundation spokesman Lance Jones emphasized that "  at no time did Mr. and Mrs. Salahi have access to President Obama and Mrs. Obama . " Jones said that at the CBC foundation 's fundraiser two months ago , he saw the Salahis at the pre-dinner reception , and later in the evening was informed that the couple was seated at a table without tickets . The table was in the event 's "  Gold Section , " where tables sell for $ 20,000 each , he added . "  At that time , I went to grab a few security personnel , who were not Secret Service , " Jones said . "  We walked with  security  to the table and just tried to sort everything out . When we realized they did not have tickets , the security personnel escorted them out . " The Salahis -- who said they were not paid by NBC to make an appearance on the "  Today " show -- have been characterized as publicity hounds . They said their lives have been "  destroyed " by their notoriety . "  Unfortunately , we 've been mischaracterized , you know , through the media and other paparazzi forums , and you know , our homes have been invaded , and it 's been just devastating what 's happened to Michaele and I , " Tareq Salahi said . CNN 's Ed Henry contributed to this report .	NEW : Couple was asked to leave Congressional Black Caucus fundraiser , group says Couple was allowed into White House state dinner for Indian prime minister Couple met with President Obama , Vice President Joe Biden Secret Service says couple was able to get past checkpoint
CNN  -- I did n't want to start my new job as the president of a national pro-choice organization by taking a close look at the shocking case of Dr. Kermit Gosnell . I could n't avoid the ugly truth of Gosnell 's actions , and like everyone else , I recoiled in horror when I learned what he had done . On Monday , Gosnell was found guilty of three counts of first-degree murder . As a nation , we ca n't afford to miss the critically important lessons of this case . And when I saw the anti-abortion movement twisting those lessons for their own political agenda , angling for policies that would put even more women in danger , I had to speak up . Gosnell will be sentenced for the murder of three infants and homicide of a patient through lethal doses of painkillers . Let 's be clear : Murder is illegal in all 50 states , and his sentencing should reflect the gravity of these crimes . Gosnell also ignored the standards of care and safety recognized as best practices by medical professionals who provide abortion care . That he was allowed to operate for so long -- despite multiple complaints -- was a failure of the authorities to enforce the laws on the books . His willful neglect of the law and of the women who went to him for help is egregious and is exactly the kind of crime that the pro-choice movement has sought to end by bringing abortion care above ground since Roe v. Wade was adjudicated in 1973 . Why is this so important ? Because anti-abortion activists would have the public believe the exact opposite . They are exploiting the Gosnell case to boost their 40-year-old agenda to ban abortion altogether . These opportunists are shamelessly using the case of these victimized women to take even more control away from our ability to make private decisions about how , when , and with whom we have families . In NARAL Pro-Choice America 's annual evaluation of reproductive rights in the 50 states , Pennsylvania received an "  F " because of the obstacles and roadblocks politicians have put in front of women seeking safe and legal abortion care . Pennsylvania , along with 32 other states and the District of Columbia , blocks abortion care for low-income women who receive their care from the state 's Medicaid program . Denying women this care until they can raise the money to pay out of pocket can force them to seek abortion later in their pregnancies and drive them into the clutches of back-alley providers such as Gosnell , who offer them substandard care . More tellingly , Pennsylvania has also pushed Targeted Regulation of Abortion Providers laws , which are on the front lines of efforts to end abortion care once and for all . These TRAP laws , always proposed by anti-choice extremists , zero in on clinics that provide abortion and hit them with a series of expensive , medically unnecessary and nit-picking rules designed to push them out of business , while ignoring clinics that provide other medical services with much higher risks of complication . TRAP laws often come with ridiculous rules for such things as the height of the grass , the number of parking spaces and awning widths at abortion clinics . NARAL Pro-Choice America members , along with most Americans , support the fair implementation of regulations among all medical providers that are carefully designed to keep patients safe . However , the motivation behind TRAP laws is clear : to shut down abortion clinics . And what 's disturbing is , they 're working . Over the years , there has been a significant decline in the number of abortion providers in Pennsylvania and across this country . In Mississippi , Alabama and South Dakota , runaway restrictions have driven out all but one provider in each state . When these clinics are driven out of business , it is the most economically vulnerable women who pay the price . These women are the ones who lose access to critical medical services such as cancer-screening , check-ups and even prenatal care also provided at these clinics . Let 's remember Gosnell is also a symptom of how hard it is for low-income women to get quality health care , period . TRAP laws are just the beginning for anti-choice extremists , who have made no secret that they will stop at nothing to ban abortion completely . Earlier this year , Arkansas became the first state to ban the procedure at 12 weeks of pregnancy . Not to be outdone , North Dakota enacted a six-week ban on abortion -- that 's before most women even know they are pregnant . If TRAP laws are a back-door ban to abortion , these near-total bans are your anti-choice neighbors barging uninvited through your front door . None of these efforts -- TRAP laws or outright bans -- will reduce the number of abortion procedures . A Guttmacher Institute study found similar abortion rates in countries where abortion is illegal and where it is legal . But the study showed that when countries limit legal access , more women die . That brings us back to Gosnell . His clinic operated in violation of basic health and safety standards ; his practices were abhorrent . If we allow political extremists to exploit this case to impose more TRAP laws and abortion bans , the remaining safe and legal abortion providers could be forced to shut their doors . No one cares more about the safety of women more than the members of the pro-choice movement . In fact , it was the stories -- daily stories -- of horrors women faced from unregulated , unsafe , unsanitary procedures that shocked a nation into action back in the days when abortion was illegal . Women , regardless of their background , deserve access to high-quality health care . Women deserve the opportunity to determine if and when they want to have families . Women deserve the dignity of controlling their own lives and , without a doubt , women deserve a lot better than the likes of Kermit Gosnell . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ilyse Hogue .	Ilyse Hogue : As new president of abortion rights group , I recoiled at Gosnell story She says anti-abortion groups exploiting case to push policies that would harm women She says Pennsylvania already trying to end abortion care with cooked up clinic regulations Hogue : Making abortions inaccessible pushes women toward people like Gosnell
CNN  -- A San Francisco man accused of possessing bomb-making materials in his apartment also bought lethal toxins online , the FBI said in documents unsealed Friday . Ryan Kelly Chamberlain II was charged this week with possession of an illegal destructive device . Bomb technicians found a series of items in his house , leading to a manhunt that ended with his arrest Monday . Items included a powdery , green explosive substance , a model rocket motor , ball bearings and an igniter for home-made bombs , according to a different affidavit unsealed earlier this week . It did not list deadly toxins at the time . But the latest documents detail lethal poisons bought anonymously in dark , encrypted corners of the Web . "  The investigation has revealed that Chamberlain has utilized an anonymous , Internet-based market place known as Black Market Reloaded to facility the unlawful acquisition and possession of biological agents and lethal toxins in California and Florida , " FBI agent Michael Eldridge wrote in the latest documents . Chamberlain bought abrin from a seller in Sacramento in December , the documents allege . He said he planned to use the poison to "  ease the suffering " of cancer patients , according to the documents . Abrin is a natural poison found in the rosary pea plant . It 's similar to ricin , but has never been used in terrorist attacks , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . In addition , he allegedly bought ground rosary peas and pure nicotine in December and June of last year , respectively . Nicotine can be used to poison food and water , according to the CDC . Chamberlain , 42 , was arrested near the Golden Gate Bridge after a three-day manhunt . It 's unclear if he 's entered a plea . Authorities had been looking for him after searching his neighborhood on a tip that he had "  items of great concern " at his home , FBI Special Agent in Charge David Johnson said . He declined to say what Chamberlain planned to do , if anything , or what motivated him . If convicted of the illegal destructive device possession charge , he faces up to 10 years in prison and a $ 10,000 fine .	He was charged this week with possession of an illegal destructive device FBI : He bought lethal poisons in dark , encrypted corners of the Web They included abrin , a poison similar to ricin
CNN  -- Jimmy Ellis , who belted out the dance anthem "  Disco Inferno " in the 1970s for the Trammps , died Thursday in South Carolina , the funeral home handling arrangements said . He was 74 . Ellis ' rich baritone powered the funky Grammy-winning tune from the "  Saturday Night Fever " album . It is only second to "  The Bodyguard " as the best-selling soundtrack album of all time with sales of 15 million . Despite the success associated with the hit movie , Ellis and the band could n't translate it into mainstream appeal , scoring just three R&B Top 10 hits from 1972 to 1978 . But the group still commanded respect in the music community . "  But the Trammps ' prowess ca n't be measured by chart popularity . Ellis ' booming , joyous vocals brilliantly championed the celebratory fervor and atmosphere that made disco both loved and hated among music fans , " the group 's biography on allmusic.com says . The Trammps began in Philadelphia in 1972 . Ellis ' memorial service is scheduled for March 16 at Central Church of God in Charlotte , North Carolina . People we 've lost in 2012 : The lives they lived	"  Disco Inferno " appeared on the "  Saturday Night Fever " soundtrack The song won a Grammy for the Trammps Singer Jimmy Ellis was 74
KINGSTON , Tennessee  CNN  -- The Environmental Protection Agency has found high levels of arsenic and heavy metals in two rivers in central Tennessee that are near the site of a spill that unleashed more than a billion gallons of coal waste . Four days after the spill , the water is cloudy on the east bank of the Clinch River in Kingston , Tennessee . The agency said it found "  several heavy metals " in the water in levels that are slightly above safe drinking-water standards but "  below concentrations " known to be harmful to humans . "  The one exception may be arsenic , " the agency said in a letter to an affected community . "  One sample of river water out of many taken indicated concentrations that are very high and further investigations are in progress . " However , arsenic was not detected in a water intake facility near Kingston , Tennessee , where the spill happened , said EPA spokeswoman Laura Niles . The metals were found in the Emory and Clinch rivers , near the site of a major spill last week that unleashed enough sludge to fill 1,660 Olympic-size swimming pools . The EPA 's letter comes as the head of the largest public power company in the nation pledged to clean up the massive spill . "  This is not a time where TVA holds its head high , " said Tom Kilgore , president and CEO of the Tennessee Valley Authority . "  But we wo n't hang our head , either , because that wo n't get the job done . I 'm here to tell you that we will clean it up , and we will clean it up right . " The sludge is a byproduct of the ash from coal combustion . A retention site at the Tennessee Valley Authority 's power plant in Kingston , about 40 miles west of Knoxville , contained the waste until a wall breached last Monday , sending the sludge downhill to damage 15 homes and cover at least 300 acres . All residents in the area were evacuated , and three homes were deemed uninhabitable , according to the TVA . The TVA 's initial estimate for the spill tripled from 1.8 million cubic yards , or more than 360 million gallons of sludge , to 5.4 million cubic yards , or more than 1 billion gallons . The plant sits on the Clinch River , which is a tributary of the Tennessee River . Video footage from the river , a popular fishing site , reveals piles of dead fish on its banks . The TVA says that has nothing to do with the toxicity of the sludge , though environmental advocates say the ash contains concentrated levels of mercury and arsenic . TVA officials have said water quality tests from a nearby water treatment facility have shown that the water from the river intake meets federal and state guidelines for potable water . But coal operation critics remain concerned about the long-term effects of the spill , and residents have expressed concerns about drinking water , especially from wells . Roane County Emergency Management Director Howie Rose said the county has asked the state and the federal Environmental Protection Agency to monitor groundwater from wells around the area . He and Kilgore spoke at a town hall meeting Sunday . Rose said the county has also requested air quality tests from the state and federal agencies . Steve Ahlstedt , an independent aquatic biologist , told CNN that a spill of this magnitude probably will affect the area 's ecological balance . "  Once the ash has settled to the bottom of the rivers , all heavy metals will hang around for a long time , " he said . "  When coal releases into the water , the mussel population goes into deep freeze . They are the ` canary in the coal mine . ' They are the main indicator of how healthy our water is . " CNN 's Helena DeMoura contributed to this report .	"  Several heavy metals " found in levels above safe drinking-water standards TVA pledges cleanup ; officials say treatment facility tests show water is potable Breach at retention site has released more than a billion gallons of coal waste 15 homes damaged , at least 300 acres covered ; area residents evacuated
They want all of us to cringe -- and they have succeeded . The Islamic radicals suddenly barreling across Iraq want to make sure people are horrified at their deeds . Leaders of the organization that calls itself ISIS , the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria , have launched a sophisticated propaganda campaign that turns the most basic principles of public relations on their head . No PR executive would advise a client to shout to the world details of his most gruesome acts and the extent of his cruelty , but that is precisely what ISIS is doing , and doing so very deliberately . The images of mass executions , of men digging their own graves before being shot in the back of the head , are splashed on the world 's newspapers , television news and social media . And that 's exactly what ISIS wants . It is an important strategic tool that 's already paying off in the battlefield . But it also points to a weakness that brings into question the long-term viability of ISIS 's territorial gains . There is no way to fully verify that the photographs and videos are real , but there is reason to believe they are . After ISIS bragged about committing a massacre , claiming it executed 1,700 Iraqi security personnel , the U.N. 's human right chief said the militants have conducted an "  apparently systematic series of cold-blooded executions  which  almost certainly amount to war crimes . " Multiple sources confirm that ISIS executed hundreds of Iraqis , including many who had surrendered . When ISIS posted chilling images of mass executions on a Jihadi website , an Iraqi military spokesman , Lt. Gen. Wassim al-Moussawi , reportedly verified their authenticity . By advertising its brutality , ISIS is frightening at least some of its enemies into surrender . The tactic has proved effective , but recent history shows the plan sows the seeds of its own defeat , ultimately creating more enemies and closing off any possibility that the population will embrace the group 's rule . Combining a campaign strategy with battlefield advances is easy to see . A few weeks before ISIS launched its lightning attack on Mosul , Iraq 's second largest city , it had already softened the ground with their gasp-inducing campaign . The objective was clear and the results were a rout , a disaster for the Iraqi government . A professionally-produced video , "  The Clanging of the Swords IV " -- the fourth in a series -- opened with a map of the target region , including Syria , Iraq , Lebanon , the Palestinian territories and Israel . Then it went on to show ISIS gunmen executing Iraqi soldiers . Iraqi Shiite men with shovels digging their own graves , drivers at ISIS roadblocks pulled out of their cars and shot . When ISIS launched its offensive , demoralized and frightened Iraqi soldiers terrified of ISIS and feeling little loyalty to the government in Baghdad , shed their uniforms and fled . The media campaign helped capture Mosul , but the group was just getting started . One grisly tweet showed the head of a decapitated Iraqi officer and read , "  This is our ball . It is made of skin . #WorldCup . " It was another warning in the advance towards Baghdad . ISIS wants to establish a caliphate , an Islamic state governed by its extreme interpretation of Islamic law . The group has already conquered parts of Syria and is ruling there by its version of Sharia , but its territorial objectives are larger . The shocking images are also meant to trigger an explosion of sectarian hatred between Sunnis and Shiites so that ISIS can emerge from the fighting with an expanded Islamist state . The tactic , which ISIS has used in Syria and its predecessors used in Iraq , shows how difficult this battle will be for those aiming to stop the Islamists ' advance . ISIS will observe no limits in killing civilians and terrorizing the population . But experience shows that ISIS extremism provokes popular revulsion , which engenders a blowback against the group . The organization had it start in Iraq , when its videotaped beheadings of hostages and its bombings of civilians in the streets proved too much even for Al Qaeda . Named "  Al Qaeda in Iraq " then , under Jordan 's Abu Mussab al Zarqawi , AQI was so brutal that Al Qaeda chief Ayman al Zawahri sent Zarqawi a remarkable letter urging him to ease up . "  The Muslim populace ... will never find palatable the scenes of slaughtering the hostages . " Could he stop with the  justified  decapitations of Shiites , he asked . "  Is it something that can be put off until the force of the Mujahed movement in Iraq gets stronger ? " Resentment against AQI 's viciousness spawned extremism among Shiite militias and stoked an Iraqi civil war . The Sunni side was dominated by AQI , and the Shiites formed death squads of their own . By late 2006 , Sunni tribal leaders fed up with the killings started the Sunni Awakening , which ultimately partnered with the United States and largely defeated AQI . AQI , renamed the Islamic State of Iraq and later the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria  or the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant -- ISIL  , joined in the civil war in Syria . It tried to join other Islamist groups , even declaring it had merged with the Nusra front , Al Qaeda 's proxy in Syria . But Nusra and al-Qaeda rejected the merger . Eventually , the clash with Al Qaeda ended in a dramatic clash between ISIS and other Syrian opposition groups and a total break with Al Qaeda . Incredibly , al Qaeda , the perpetrator of 9/11 and countless other mass murders of civilians around the world , criticized ISIS for being too ruthless . The horrifying ISIS videos and photographs presage much more carnage ahead for Iraq . But they also signal that this twisted PR campaign will spawn a wave of popular resentment that will no doubt undermine and weaken the group 's hold on the country .	Frida Ghitis : ISIS has launched a sophisticated PR campaign to scare Iraqis Ghitis : The group likes to publicize its horrific deeds , but this will surely backfire She says , incredibly , even al Qaeda has criticized ISIS for being too ruthless Ghitis : ISIS 's brutal tactics create enemies ; Iraqis will not embrace the group 's rule
CNN  -- Qatar 's youthful new ruler , Sheikh Tamim bin Hamad Al Thani , has acquired another jewel in his burgeoning crown . The archaeological site of Al Zubarah on the northern tip of the tiny Arab emirate has been added by UNESCO to its list of World Heritage sites . The fortified ruins of the 18th century pearl fishing town will be Qatar 's first world heritage site . The coastal town 's exceptionally preserved remains provide an invaluable insight into the daily lives of the traders who populated the region in the 1700s . The site in located on the north-easternmost side of the Arabian Peninsula that juts into the Persian Gulf . The town flourished as a trading village for over a hundred years prior to its ultimate destruction in 1811 . It was eventually completely abandoned in the early 1900s , but remains an important artifact offering insight into how life would have looked in the region prior its rapid expansion in the twentieth century . Qatar was once one of the poorest states in the Gulf region but thanks to oil and gas reserves is now an economic powerhouse , with an influence that far outreaches its size . Prior to the emirate 's boom -- which has seen the construction of towering skyscrapers , state-of-the-art stadiums , gleaming hotels and expansive water parks -- the people who lived in Al Zubarah traded mainly in pearls . At its height , it is thought that the 400 hectare site was home to between 6,000 and 9,000 people . Today , Qatar is home to 1.9 million people . The archaeological treasure was one of 19 new sites to be added to UNESCO 's World Heritage list last month -- the top honor for monuments , buildings , sites or natural features "  of outstanding universal value . "	UNESCO names Al Zubarah as Qatar 's first world heritage site The coastal town provides an invaluable insight the region in the 1700s The town flourished as a trading village for over a hundred years
Below is an excerpt from CNN Chief Medical Correspondent Dr. Sanjay Gupta 's new book , "  Cheating Death : The Doctors and Medical Miracles that Are Saving Life Against All Odds " published by Wellness Central , an imprint of Grand Central Publishing . The following is from Chapter Two : A Heart-Stopping Moment : "  Cheating Death : The Doctors and Medical Miracles that Are Saving Lives Against All Odds , " just hit store shelves . And he went up , and lay upon the child , and put his mouth upon his mouth , and his eyes upon his eyes , and his hands upon his hands : and stretched himself upon the child ; and the flesh of the child waxed warm . -- 2 Kings 4:34 , KJV Mike Mertz was driving home , an hour after finishing his run as a school bus driver in Glendale , Arizona . He told me he does n't remember why he did n't come straight home from work that day . He thinks that maybe he went for a jog . A trim fifty-nine years old , Mertz enjoyed a two - or three-mile run several days a week . Maybe he was looking for a cheaper gas station than the one on his usual route or was just trying to avoid taking his Saturn over a nasty set of new speed bumps . Whatever the reason , whatever route he wandered , it brought Mertz not to the usual entrance of his townhome complex , but the back driveway . The change in routine may have saved his life . Corey Ash , a UPS driver , was making deliveries that Wednesday afternoon , when he heard a terrible engine noise . Thinking the sound was underneath his own hood , he pulled over . Hopping out , Ash immediately realized that it was coming from a Saturn almost directly across the street . It was an accident scene . The small silver car was piled up against a palm tree , the engine revving at top speed . The only thing keeping it in place was a stucco wall a few feet from the tree ; the car was wedged between the two . Racing over , Ash could see that the driver had his eyes closed and seemed to be unconscious . The driver 's foot was wedged against the accelerator . Ignoring the chance that the car might break free and crush him , Ash reached across the slumped body and turned off the ignition . He dragged Mertz out of the car and laid him on the ground . After dialing 911 , Ash started CPR the way he 'd learned during an Air National Guard training exercise just two months before . As he listened to the ambulance siren , racing up the road from Glendale Fire Station 154 barely a mile away , Ash began to pump hard on Mertz ' chest . Studies show that when a bystander jumps in , the chances of survival in a cardiac arrest case increase exponentially . Even though it may not seem like you are accomplishing much , simply pushing the heart and circulating the blood can make a tremendous difference . Mertz had that going for him , but he was also fortunate to have collapsed in Glendale . Paramedics there are at the forefront of a revolution in emergency care . With a few simple measures -- going against the grain of the medical establishment -- they have found that they can radically improve the odds of surviving a cardiac arrest . The fire engine pulled up with a screech , and a brawny firefighter named Ruben Florez jumped to the curb . As fellow firefighters scrambled down , Florez thumped an urgent rhythm on Mertz ' chest , two hundred compressions over two minutes , before a medic stepped in and delivered an electric shock from the paddles of a defibrillator . Win a signed copy of Dr. Gupta 's book Then came another two hundred compressions , then shock , two hundred compressions , then shock . Finally , after six hundred thumps and three defibrillator shocks , a weak pulse returned . Mertz was back from the dead . At no point was mouth-to-mouth resuscitation performed , and at no point did Mike Mertz get a breath . Surprisingly , that may be the real reason he survived . In reality , survival from cardiac arrest outside the hospital is rare . Until very recently , Arizona was in line with the rest of the country -- only about 2 percent of the victims pulled through without long-term damage . But in 2005 , cities around Arizona began doing something new . It went against the guidelines of the American Medical Association and the teaching practices of major medical schools and hospitals . This new method did n't look like the CPR that had been taught in every YMCA , firehouse , school , and church ever since the 1970s . In short , it was a radical experiment . The experiment sprang from two lines of thinking : animal studies aimed at modifying CPR technique and a public health effort to train more people in CPR . If your heart gives out while you 're walking down the street , the number-one thing that can save your life is to have a bystander who is not only trained in CPR , but willing to help . Unfortunately , such help is rare . Published studies put the rate of bystander CPR at around 20 percent . If you dig deep , the number really has nothing to do with the lack of desire . Instead , study after study shows people are apprehensive about putting their mouth on someone else 's and maybe catching an infection from someone who 's on the ground dying . Now , the reluctance can be overcome . In Seattle , which has run massive training programs and public education campaigns since the 1970s , the rate of CPR assistance from bystanders is close to 50 percent . That one fact gets much of the credit for the city 's high survival rate from cardiac arrest . In recent years , a driving goal of the American Heart Association has been to encourage more members of the public to jump in and help . But how ? There was simply no getting around mouth-to-mouth resuscitation . Or was there ? Excerpted from "  Cheating Death , " by Sanjay Gupta , M.D. Copyright © 2009 by Sanjay Gupta , M.D. Used by permission of Wellness Central , an imprint of Grand Central Publishing . All rights reserved .	While driving home , Mike Mertz went into cardiac arrest and crashed his car UPS driver Corey Ash saw the accident , pulled Mertz out and began CPR CPR without mouth-to-mouth resuscitation may have saved Mertz life Pushing the heart and circulating the blood can make a tremendous difference
CNN  -- South Sudan announced Friday it was withdrawing its troops from a contested oil-rich area it seized last week in a move that escalated tensions and fears of a return to war with Sudan . "  An orderly withdrawal will commence immediately and shall be completed within three days , " said Barnaba Marial Benjamin , South Sudan 's information minister , adding that his country still claims Panthou , or Heglig as it is known in Sudan . However , Sudan 's government said its forces drove out the invaders from the south . "  The armed forces have liberated Heglig town from South Sudanese troops and mercenaries , " Defense MInister Abdel Raheem Muhammad Hussein declared Friday on state-run television . In New York , Sudan 's U.N. ambassador said the South Sudan troops were "  forced to withdraw . " "  They were chased out , " Ambassador Daffa-Alla Elhag Ali Osman told reporters . "  If you remember a few days back , the president of the South and a number of their officials started to talk about conditional withdrawal , but yesterday they are being cornered , we fought against them and we chased them out . It is not a withdrawal . We chased them out . " The disputed region is on the border between the two countries created last year when South Sudan split from Sudan . Benjamin said South Sudan sent troops into the area on April 10 because Sudan was using it to launch ground and aerial attacks across the border . "  The Republic of South Sudan calls on Sudan to immediately desist from air bombardments and ground incursions into the territory of the Republic of South Sudan , " he told reporters in Juba , the South Sudan capital . Sudan claims Heglig 's oil fields , which account for about half of the nation 's oil production , and Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir had vowed to "  never give up " the disputed region . "  And we have said it before , whoever extends his hand toward Sudan , we will cut it off , " Bashir said Thursday . "  If they do not understand , we will make them get it by force . " Sudanese warplanes have struck targets in South Sudan 's border state of Unity during the past week , including an attack on Mayom town , where the United Nations said eight civilians were killed and 22 injured . One bomb hit a U.N. camp , but no one was hurt . Sudan 's military spokesman , Philip Aguer , said Friday that Sudan had bombed a central processing facility in the Heglig oil fields . "  Khartoum bombed the CPF yesterday at 5:30 and that facility is still burning , " he said . The facility is key to pumping oil out of the fields , which accounted for close to half of Sudan 's entire production of about 115,000 barrels of oil per day before wells were shut down due to the conflict . South Sudan 's seizure of the region and the resulting border clashes and threats raised fear in the international community of renewed full-scale war . The two sides fought a civil war for two decades that led to about 2 million deaths . "  The last thing the people of these two countries need is another war -- a war that could claim countless lives , destroy hope and ruin the prospects of peace and stability and prosperity of all Sudanese people , " U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon said . South Sudan split from the government in the north in July , officially breaking Africa 's largest nation into two as the result of a referendum last year overwhelmingly approved by voters . The referendum was part of a 2005 peace deal that ended the civil war that pitted a government dominated by Arab Muslims in the north against black Christians and animists in the south . Tensions run deep between the two nations , which have outstanding issues after their divorce last year . When they separated , South Sudan acquired three quarters of Sudan 's oil reserves . The two countries have been locked in negotiations about how much the landlocked South Sudan should pay to use a pipeline and processing facilities in the north . Other outstanding issues remain since secession , including the status of citizens of both countries who find themselves living on either side of the world 's newest international border . The fate of disputed border areas are also a point of contention . Britain 's ambassador to South Sudan , Alastair McPhail , urged both countries to return to the negotiating table . "  We hope the withdrawal will be orderly and that both sides will refrain from further military action , " he told reporters in Juba . South Sudan 's Benjamin also called for "  a more robust international engagement " in the negotiating process . In New York , Osman said the Khartoum government was ready for "  negotiations , peaceful settlements , provided that they come to their senses , sense of logic and sit down to negotiate without putting any conditions . " Osman also accused the leaders of South Sudan of continuing to act like guerrilla fighters instead of a new government . "  It is high time for the Security Council and the international community to send also a strong message for the government of the South to disassociate itself from the rebel factions and to stop destabilizing " Sudan and the region , he said . China , which has invested heavily in Sudan 's oil industry , has argued for calm and respect for each other 's sovereignty , while Princeton Lyman , the U.S. special envoy for Sudan and South Sudan , visited both countries recently to meet government officials . There is "  an enormous amount of very emotional , very powerful rhetoric coming from here in Khartoum raising the stakes in many ways and that 's worrisome in and of itself , " Lyman said Thursday . But he said that based on the discussions he 'd had with both sides , it was clear they did not want to return to war . As long-simmering tensions soar , rights group are warning of deteriorating humanitarian conditions . "  The deteriorating situation right now is making the overall humanitarian issues very challenging , " said Alex Neve , secretary-general of Amnesty International Canada . Neve , who is in Juba , said supply lines at refugee camps have been cut off and failure to get key supplies before the rains will lead to a humanitarian crisis . CNN 's Ben Brumfield , Richard Roth and Tom Cohen contributed to this report .	NEW : Sudan 's government says the South Sudan forces were chased out South Sudan says it will complete its withdrawal in three days South Sudan 's capture of an oil-rich region escalated fears of a return to war with Sudan Sudan claims Heglig 's oil fields , which account for about half of the nation 's oil production
London , England  CNN  -- No final decision had been made regarding whether embattled CEO Tony Hayward will leave BP , the company said in a statement Monday morning . "  BP notes the press speculation over the weekend regarding potential changes to management and the charge for the costs of the Gulf of Mexico oil spill . BP confirms that no final decision has been made on these matters , " the statement said . The statement , which did not mention Hayward by name , said "  any decisions will be announced as appropriate , " noting that BP 's board would meet Monday night ahead of the announcement of its second quarter earnings . Despite widespread media reports that Hayward was on the verge of leaving , BP said Sunday that he still had the company 's support . "  Tony Hayward remains our chief executive and has the full support of the board and senior management , " company spokesman Mark Salt told CNN . Hayward has been in the crosshairs of criticism over his handling of the underwater oil gusher in the Gulf of Mexico ever since the BP-contracted Deepwater Horizon drilling rig exploded in April , killing 11 people and creating the worst oil spill in U.S. history . Some of his public comments about the disaster have sparked outrage in the United States . In May , in the course of apologizing for the spill , Hayward added , "  There 's no one who wants this over more than I do . I would like my life back . " And he played down the size of the spill in an interview with the British newspaper The Guardian , saying the amount of oil spilled at that point was "  relatively tiny " in comparison to the "  very big ocean . " He received a largely bipartisan pounding during an appearance before a congressional committee in June . And when the committee 's leading Republican apologized to the BP boss for what he called the Obama administration 's "  shakedown " of the company , swift criticism spurred him to walk back his remarks . BP , rig owner Transocean and oilfield services contractor Halliburton have blamed each other for the disaster , which is under investigation by numerous federal agencies and Congress . British media , The Wall Street Journal and The New York times reported Sunday that Hayward could be out as soon as Monday . The BBC reported that Hayward was "  negotiating the terms of his exit , with a formal announcement likely within 24 hours . " It did not cite a source . The New York Times reported late Sunday that BP 's board was expected to name its most senior American executive , Robert Dudley , as its chief executive on Monday , citing a source close to the board . Hayward was pulled off day-to-day leadership of the cleanup operation in June in favor of Dudley . British newspapers said an announcement regarding Hayward would come by Tuesday , when the company is due to report half-year results . They also did not name sources , while the New York-based Journal cited "  people familiar with the matter . " BP has been working with federal and state authorities in the Gulf region since the spill began , but officials there professed little insight into the reports . New Orleans , Louisiana , Mayor Mitch Landrieu noted that people responded negatively to Hayward 's "  initial foray " into the dealing with the now three-month-old spill , but he said the city welcomes any leader the company puts in place . "  It 's not necessarily important who the person is , but with BP 's ultimate attitude in restoring the damage that they have caused , " Landrieu told reporters after an aerial tour of the area Sunday . "  So we welcome a positive attitude and a constructive attitude from BP , and we hope , in the future , that we get it . " And Rep. Ed Markey , one of the company 's leading critics on Capitol Hill , said the Gulf will spend years recovering from Hayward 's "  failed leadership . " "  The new leaders of BP will have an uphill climb to correct the legacy left by Hayward , indelibly inked by the disaster in the Gulf , " Markey , D-Massachusetts , said in a written statement on the reported-but-still-unconfirmed ouster . The disaster has sent BP 's stock price plunging . Meanwhile , U.S. senators want to question Hayward about whether BP was involved in the release from prison of Abdelbeset Ali Mohmed al Megrahi , the Libyan convicted of the 1988 Lockerbie bombing that killed 270 people . Hayward , who has been with the company for 28 years , became chief executive in 2007 . Experts told CNN in June that Hayward will probably not get a lucrative package of bonus money and stock awards that many U.S. companies give to outgoing CEOs as so-called golden parachutes . "  He will be lucky to get a single year 's salary , " said Paul Hodgson , a senior researcher at The Corporate Library , a governance group . "  And even that could be mitigated in certain circumstances . " His compensation package -- including salary and bonuses -- was worth 3.158 million British pounds  $ 4.87 million  , according to the company 's 2009 annual report . He 's also due an annual pension of 584,000 pounds  $ 901,000  . Additionally , he held more than 535,000 shares in the company as of December 31 , which would currently be worth about 212 millon pounds  about $ 327 million  .	BP says despite media speculation , no decisions have been made about CEO The company 's board is scheduled to meet Monday night Hayward has been in the crosshairs of criticism since the beginning of the Gulf oil gusher Congressman says the Gulf will spend years recovering from Hayward 's "  failed leadership "
CNN  -- A Missouri-based coal company was the victim of a hoax Tuesday after activists set up a fake website saying the company would offer free , custom-branded inhalers to children . A press release supposedly from Peabody Energy said it was creating a new public health initiative "  designed to combat the stigma of asthma among American children . " Under the so-called "  Coal Cares " initiative , the false statement said , the inhaler actuators would be given to children living within 200 miles of a coal plant , along with coupons good toward purchase of asthma medication . "  Earlier today , an activist group released a ` spoof ' website claiming to be sponsored by Peabody Energy , " the real company said in a statement . "  The site is in fact a hoax , making inaccurate claims about Peabody and coal . " A group called Coal is Killing Kids issued a claim of responsibility for the hoax , calling itself "  an environmental and public health group that aims to challenge Big Coal 's expensive lobbying against sensible updates to the Clean Air Act . " The actual Peabody Energy , based in St. Louis , said in its statement , "  Peabody is proud to help hundreds of millions of people live longer and better through coal-fueled electricity . A growing collection of studies demonstrate the correlation between electricity fueled by low-cost coal and improvement in health , longevity and quality of life . " Government statistics show that coal use in the United States has more than tripled in the past several decades , while regulated emissions have declined 84 % , the company said . "  Peabody Energy is a global leader in clean coal solutions and is advancing more than a dozen clean coal projects around the world , leading to our ultimate goal of near-zero emissions from coal . " But Coal is Killing Kids said that Peabody Energy is "  lobbying ferociously against new pollution standards for power plants proposed by the Environmental Protection Agency , standards the agency says will prevent 120,000 cases of childhood asthma each year in the United States . " A Peabody Energy spokeswoman did not immediately return a call or an e-mail from CNN . The hoax press release said children could choose from a variety of youth-themed inhaler cases , "  from tween faves like ` the Bieber ' and ` My Little Pony , ' to the 'Em o ' and ` Diamond ' inhalers for older , style-conscious youth . There 's even ` My First Inhaler ' for tots . " The hoax statement included a "  quote " from real-life Peabody Energy Chairman and CEO Gregory Boyce , saying , "  Our actions are guided by a single mission : to be a leading worldwide producer and supplier of balanced energy solutions , which power economic prosperity and well-being . Coal Cares brings this mission to life , empowering children everywhere to take control of their destinies , beginning with their own lungs . " The fake statement pointed readers to the "  Coal Cares " website . "  We at Peabody want to make asthma-related bullying a thing of the past , " says the site 's Frequently Asked Questions section . " ... Kids should never be ashamed of having asthma -- after all , many of their classmates likely have it as well . " "  Coal is a $ 7 billion per year industry , producing more than half of all U.S. electricity , " the site says . "  We know we ca n't do this without you , the consumer , and especially without your children , who will continue consuming coal long after you 're gone . We depend on your children 's mental well-being and goodwill . " The site also offers a kids ' section , where a word-search puzzle features words like "  sickness , " "  propaganda " and "  lies . " The phony press release listed a contact name and number at the bottom . Callers to the number reached a recording identifying it as the "  communications and investor relations department . " Coal is Killing Kids said in its statement that it worked with the Yes Lab , a project of The Yes Men . The Yes Men says on its website it aims to impersonate "  big-time criminals in order to publicly humiliate them . Our targets are leaders and big corporations who put profits ahead of everything else . " Asked whether the group is concerned about potential consequences , Janet Bellamy , a spokeswoman for Coal is Killing Kids , told CNN on Tuesday , "  We 're really not . Most companies just leave it alone . They 're just worried about their public image , and they do n't want to look like the bad guys . " She said the attention surrounding the hoax has been "  quite interesting . " "  We 're very passionate , just because we know there are millions of people out there with sick kids , and we know the coal companies are getting away with this and they want families to pay the price , " Bellamy said . In the Coal is Killing Kids statement , Bellamy said , "  People may laugh at our sick jokes , but they also understand the real health impacts of burning coal . That 's exactly what the coal industry does n't want people to think about , because if enough of us were aware of it , we would shut down these plants once and for all . " Tuesday 's hoax statement was posted on the spoof Coal Cares website and appeared to have been distributed by PR Newswire . But "  PR Newswire did not issue the hoax release , " said PR Newswire spokeswoman Rachel Meranus in an e-mail to CNN . "  It appears that whoever is behind setting up the spoof website also posted that hoax release on the site and added PR Newswire 's name to the release . " In this digital age , such hoaxes are becoming more common , said Kelly McBride , senior faculty for ethics at the Poynter Institute , an independent school with a focus on educating journalists . "  A fake press release is actually a fairly unsophisticated way of getting out information , " she said . "  But building a website to support it allows you to bypass the middleman , the media , and go right to the consumer , and so it 's a lot easier nowadays to get out information that is deliberately distorted . " She noted that more than 3,000 people had recommended the fake website on Facebook . "  This is pretty elaborate , and people are definitely going to be fooled by this , " she said . But , she added , "  people get tricked every day on the internet . ... I do n't know that people are that alarmed about it anymore , which is what 's really scary . " Last month , The Yes Men put out a hoax press release saying that General Electric would pay a $ 3.2 billion tax refund to the U.S. Treasury . And the U.S. Chamber of Commerce sued the group over an October 2009 hoax press release and fake press conference staged at the National Press Club , claiming the Chamber had changed its position on climate change legislation and would support cap-and-trade legislation introduced by Democrats in the Senate . "  Coal is just an outdated technology , " Bellamy said Tuesday . "  It 's something we started using in the 19th century . ... Nobody ever caught asthma from a solar panel . " CNN 's Jennifer Bixler contributed to this report .	The spoof was engineered by a group concerned about kids ' health Peabody Energy says it 's "  a global leader in clean coal solutions " The fake website says Peabody will give free inhalers to children
CNN  -- They 've been in the banking business for more than 200 years , Pictet and Company came to prominence when Europe was booming , specializing in personalized , discrete banking services . Senior managing partner of Swiss bank Pictet & Cie , Ivan Pictet talks to CNN 's Andrew Stevens . Since 1980 , the company has grown five-fold to be one of the biggest banks in Switzerland . But growth has n't changed tradition says Ivan Pictet . CNN 's Andrew Stevens met with Ivan in China to talk about leading the banking dynasty into today 's tumultuous financial water and what really defines Swiss banking . Pictet : I think Swiss banking has changed , it still has a very strong position in the world 's banking , but it has changed . Banking secrecy has evolved toward the new legislation on money laundering and so on , so confidentiality is not defined the same way today as it would have been , or not protected today as it would have been 25 years ago . So I think everything is changing but we restrict to some very strong principles , and I think that 's very important . Stevens : We 've been talking about the fit with the Swiss with private banking -- the Swiss character , the Swiss style -- last year though , you , for the first time , brought in non-Swiss to be investors , managing directors who can invest in the bank , and I 'm wondering , does that in some way dilute your brand as a Swiss bank , now you 're bringing non-Swiss in ? Pictet : Pictet has had a profit participation system since 1991 . We were probably the pioneer in Europe and probably the world at that time , so we have distributed large part of our profit to our employees at all time . Today , out of the 3,000 or 2,700 people we have , about 1,400 have a direct participation -- can go from 10 percent to 200 or 300 percent of their salary , so in order for us to keep our best talents , and to stimulate those who would like to join the league , we have created this special group which has a participation , direct participation , in the capital of the bank . Stevens : One of the principles you stick to is that you and your seven partners bear personal responsibility for the losses of the bank , your personal wealth is at stake everyday of the year , how does that impact the way you manage the bank ? Pictet : Well it certainly does make us more conservative , in terms of really remaining focused on one business , which is asset management . I mean we never diversify into investment banking or do any commercial activity in terms of banking and so on . We 've kept our business very focused and that has helped us also be quite successful . E-mail to a friend	Ivan Pictet , senior managing partner of Pictet & Cie speaks in The Boardroom Pictet & Cie has been in business 200 years , is one of Switzerland 's biggest banks Known for discrete banking , new legislation has changed the bank 's operations
NEW ORLEANS , Louisiana  CNN  -- Drumsticks in hand , Derrick Tabb has found a way to transform New Orleans children from troublemakers to tuba players . Derrick Tabb 's program provides free tutoring , instruments and music instruction to more than 100 students . Tabb , wearing a gold chain and a baseball cap , does n't look the part of a typical band teacher . But every weekday evening in the French Quarter , he beats out the rhythm on his music stand as students play their chosen instruments . In doing so , he gives them an alternative to New Orleans ' rough streets . "  I tell everyone I 'm competing with the drug dealers , " said Tabb , 34 . His program , The Roots of Music , offers free tutoring , instruments and music education to more than 100 students . Vote now for the CNN Hero of the Year Reformed class clown Terrence Knockum credits Tabb with changing his life . The 15-year-old tuba player joined the band eight months ago , when he was failing in school and "  heading up the wrong road , " said Tabb . Today , Knockum is the band captain . He hopes to make music his career and teach it himself one day . "  Before , I was getting in trouble , " Knockum said . "  Now ... when I come here , I 'm learning how to play the horn , be disciplined and , you know , just work hard . " Tabb can relate . During a rebellious phase in junior high , his band teacher became his mentor and helped him get back on track . "  He saved my life , " recalled Tabb , a professional drummer with the Rebirth Brass Band , one of the city 's most popular acts . Now Tabb , a New Orleans native , strives to keep young people on the straight and narrow in the city with the nation 's highest murder rate , according to FBI statistics . "  When all you 've seen is the drug dealers and the killing , you know , they think that 's cool , " said Tabb , adding that many young people wind up in trouble because they have nothing else to do . The type of music support systems that helped Tabb years ago have been struggling since Hurricane Katrina ; musicians scattered after the storm and budget cuts ended many school music programs . As a result , Tabb chose to target 9 - to 14-year-olds with his program . "  That 's just the most vulnerable time of your life , " he said . "  If I catch them now , I can hold onto them for at least four or five years and guide them the way that we want to guide them . " Students meet from 4-7 p.m. every weekday , year-round . They work with tutors on schoolwork , practice their music and eat a hot meal before heading home . Through funding from donations and sponsors , Tabb 's group is able to provide bus transportation , instruments and food for free . He calls it his "  no excuse " policy -- "  you do n't have no excuse why you 're not here , " Tabb said . With a 90 percent attendance rate , his formula seems to be working . Watch Tabb and The Roots of Music program in action " Tabb attributes the success in part to the nature of music . "  You 're constantly learning something new , " he said . "  That 's what keeps the kids coming back every day . " Since getting underway last year , The Roots of Music has already exceeded Tabb 's expectations . The band marched in five Mardi Gras parades this season . The program also helped students improve their academic performances , with 85 percent having raised their grades in at least one class ; some D and F students have become A students . And there are more than 400 children on the waiting list . Tabb said he 's assembled a "  dream team " of musicians to help teach the students , and he personally works with all the beginners . No previous musical experience is necessary -- many students do n't even know the names of the instruments when they start -- but youngsters like 9-year-old Lauren Washington , who plays the flute , learn fast . "  It 's kind of hard to play , but I sound good , " she said proudly . "  It 's fun ! " Watch Washington and other students demonstrate their talents " But the program is n't only about fun . "  Music is about discipline , " said Tabb . He insists on good behavior and keeps kids in order with threats of sit-ups , pushups or tasks like picking up grains of rice -- but these measures are n't just punishment . "  We wear them out so they do n't have any time or energy to get mixed up in anything on the street , " he said . Discipline aside , Tabb wants young people to realize that music can help them build a better future . "  I do n't say that I 'm saving lives , " he said . "  I say I 'm giving life -- a whole different life of music . " Want to get involved ? Check out The Roots of Music and see how to help .	Derrick Tabb started The Roots of Music to help the city 's young people The program provides free instruments , instruction , tutoring and food Students have marched in Mardi Gras parades , improved grades Vote now for the CNN Hero of the Year at CNN.com / Heroes
CNN  -- Murder-suicides , by their very nature , leave a mountain of unanswered questions . When the killer pulls the trigger first on his victim and then himself , he takes with him to the grave the reasons that compelled the angry , desperate act . Not so in the case of Radcliffe Haughton . What prompted the 45-year-old former Marine to open fire at a suburban Milwaukee salon Sunday -- killing his wife and two other women , and wounding four others -- was foreshadowed in no uncertain terms by his estranged wife just three days earlier . At a restraining order hearing Thursday , the wife , Zina , begged the court for protection , saying her husband would surely kill her . With her voice shaking , she outlined how he 'd threatened to throw acid in her face . How he accused her of cheating on him . How his red hot jealousy terrorized her "  every waking moment . " "  Things have gotten so bad . We need to separate , " she said at the hearing , according to a recording obtained by CNN affiliate WISN . "  We need a divorce before you hurt me . I do n't want to die . " The judge sided with her . Haughton was ordered to stay away from his wife for the next four years . He was forbidden from possessing a gun . But on Saturday , he bought a .40 - caliber handgun from a private seller . Wisconsin law only requires background checks for purchases from a dealer . And he waited . The next day he took her life . Paul Ryan says he 's ` shocked and saddened ' by Wisconsin shooting ' I do n't want to die ' At the bizarre Thursday hearing , Haughton acted as his own attorney -- cross-examining his wife , asking questions that the judge refused to allow . Haughton said his wife 's infidelity was to blame for their failing marriage . "  I have been involved with Zina Haughton for most of my adult life . This is the woman that I love , " he said . "  Things have not always been the best that they could have been but I can stand before the court , stand before God and say that I love her . I love her unconditionally . This situation was brought about by infidelity . " The wife said the abuse began long before the infidelity accusations . She detailed a night when she said Haughton pulled a gun on her . It accidentally discharged . The bullet narrowly missed her and her daughter . "  For 20 years , we 've fought . He 's hit me . We 've fought . But since May 29 , the evening that he thinks I cheated on him , just the threats have gotten so bad , and like I said , I do n't want to die , " she said . A long history with police Police in the area say they had a long history of run-ins with Haughton , a general manager of a local Land Rover dealership . "  Since 2001 , the Brown Deer Police Department has responded to calls for service regarding the Haughtons , ranging from animal complaints to domestic violence related cases , " the Brown Deer Police said in a statement . The police reports seemed to speak of a man who was destined to harm his wife . In January 2011 , Haughton was accused of throwing his wife 's clothes out of their home during an argument and then pouring tomato juice on her car . When police arrived , Haughton locked himself in the home and officers thought they saw Haughton holding a "  long barreled " gun in the direction of his wife , according to a police report . Charges were eventually dropped in that case . On October 4 this year , police say , Haughton slashed his wife 's tires outside the salon . After that incident , the wife applied for the restraining order . "  He threatened to throw acid in my face , burn me and my family with gas . His threats terrorize my every waking moment , " she said in the request obtained by the Milwaukee Journal Sentinel . Hospital lockdown hinders young patient 's visit with Bieber Calm in the face of death On Saturday , Haughton walked into the two-story Azana Spa in Brookfield , outside Milwaukee , where his wife was a stylist . He was screaming . "  He yelled ` Everybody ! ' Get down . Get down , ' " Betty Brunner , a customer in the salon , told WISN . "  And as I went to get down , Zina walked to the reception desk , and said , ` Calm down , sir . There are good people here . " Haughton grabbed his wife and pushed her behind a wall , Brunner said . Then the bullets flew . All three of those killed were Azana employees , salon owner Tami Gemmell said Tuesday . "  They were heroic in their actions and protected each other to the end , " she said . She called Zina Haughton one of the hardest workers she 's ever known , someone who gave her heart and soul to every client and was an "  extraordinary " mother and friend . Brunner considers Haughton 's wife a hero for confronting her husband and making sure to move him away from most of the customers . She says she wonders how Zina Haughton stayed so calm in the face of death . If the court hearing is any indication , perhaps she knew it was just a matter of time . CNN 's Carma Hassan and Susan Candiotti contributed to this report .	The shooter and his estranged wife were in court three days before the killing spree Radcliffe Haughton shot seven women before killing himself , police say His wife outlined several instances of abuse spurred by Haughton 's jealousy
Tehran , Iran  CNN  There is a Persian proverb that says : "  A good year is determined by its spring . " For many Iranians , the historic decision by Tehran and six world powers -- the United States , Britain , France , Germany , Russia and China -- to continue nuclear negotiations under a "  joint comprehensive plan of action " is an indication that this year 's Norouz , the Persian New Year that started on March 21 , will be a superb one indeed . Although edgy hardliners may now try to play games and complain the preliminary agreement is not what they had hoped , for many people it shows excellent progress and that 's what they want . It paves the way for a much broader deal by end of June that guarantees the peaceful nature of Tehran 's nuclear activities in return for the lifting of sanctions and a return to the international community . As is , the stakes are high and the choice is clear for President Hassan Rouhani and his "  moderate " administration . They must now be over the moon : In early 2016 , there will be Legislative and Assembly of Experts elections , the latter of which elects the country 's leader . This historic agreement will make sure they win both the elections . So far , Rouhani 's team has done nothing to improve the living conditions of ordinary Iranians who complain they have lost half of their purchasing power in recent years . READ MORE : Will Iran 's Supreme Leader drink ` poison ' of peace ? During his presidential campaign , he promised to do so "  only " if he could seal a nuclear deal with the world powers . And now he has . A full deal ultimately represents a referendum on the Rouhani administration 's foreign policy . It will definitely strengthen his hand , which he needs to stay in the game , or better yet , win the next presidential race . The good news is that people are more than happy to welcome the preliminary agreement . They had always wanted a way out of the current impasse with the rest of the world and as a reward they could keep the moderates in power for the foreseeable future . Iranians blame sanctions and the previous hardline government for the sorry state of affairs in the economy -- especially the way they so poorly handled past nuclear talks of the past -- with devastating consequences . Many believe that now there is a joint comprehensive plan of action -- the culmination of a 12-year process -- there is something to hope for . In many respects , it 's a new beginning and that allows Iranians a very small degree of hope inside themselves too . Looking back , the previous government traded those expectations for international isolation and economic hardship . Despite skepticism , even the country 's leader , Ayatollah Seyyed Ali Khamenei , now feels that the light at the end of the tunnel might not be a train and that the talks could end well . READ MORE : What 's in the Iran nuclear deal ? 7 key points Little wonder he had urged the nation -- including the well-funded hardliners -- to support the government 's overture , saying the negotiating team was trustworthy and had been doing a fine job . It was a historic gesture that represents qualified support for continued diplomacy and that could lead to a historic step forward . It places confidence and hope in the negotiating team and the P5 +1 group of world powers , guaranteeing no-one in Iran will stand in the way of principled diplomatic engagement and international rapprochement . Within this context , many Iranians are jubilant . They should be . More than ever , they are confident that not striking a comprehensive deal would be a historic mistake . They are confident it is within reach and this is as it should be : A win-win deal for all . They now strongly believe the lifting of international sanctions is no longer illusive . It would resuscitate the country 's ailing economy and improve their lives . At least , that 's what they hope . It 's early spring and people on the streets are talking about nothing but the current choice . It represents the biggest chance of rapprochement between Tehran and Washington since the Iranian revolution in 1979 . After all , for many Iranians this is more than just a nuclear agreement .	Deal between Iran and six world powers has given Iranians hope , writes Ghanbar Naderi Lifting of international sanctions a possibility , Iranians hope for better living conditions , he adds People will likely keep President Rouhani 's "  moderate " government in power , Naderi writes
CNN  -- Jared Remy , the son of famed Boston Red Sox broadcaster Jerry Remy , pleaded guilty in a Massachusetts court Tuesday to killing his fiancÃ © e Jennifer Martel just days after he was arrested for assaulting her . Remy , 35 , was sentenced Tuesday to life in state prison without the possibility of parole after changing his plea to guilty after he was charged with the August 2013 stabbing death of Martel , 27 . "  Jared Remy perceived that he was losing control of Jennifer Martel and lashed out at her in a fit of rage , killing her , " Middlesex District Attorney Marian Ryan said in a statement . "  Today , with this plea , the defendant has been held accountable for his actions . This plea ensures that Jared Remy will spend the rest of his natural life in prison . " The gruesome details of the case rippled through the small community of Waltham , Massachusetts , after questions surfaced about why Remy had not been held on bail after his arrest just two days before the slaying . Remy was arrested on August 13 for assault and battery after Martel told police that Remy had grabbed her neck and head and "  slammed her face against a mirror " in the bathroom during an argument , according to a Waltham police report . Martel fled the home with the couple 's daughter to a neighbor 's home and called 911 . Martel could be heard on the call , which was released by police , saying "  Remy  is just a very violent person who is on lots of medication who might need serious help . " Domestic violence facts When Martel filed for a restraining order , she told police that Remy had been arrested before for assaulting an ex-girlfriend , according to police . Remy was arrested by Waltham police after the incident and charged with assault and battery with a dangerous weapon . He was arraigned the next morning and released after posting just $ 40 for the bail fee , according to Waltham District Court documents . The next day , Remy returned to the Waltham home he shared with Martel and their child and stabbed her multiple times . The couple 's daughter was home at the time , according to police . The Middlesex district attorney 's office conducted an internal review after Martel 's death , which resulted in some countywide procedural changes on how domestic abuse cases are handled . Remy is the son of famed Red Sox color commentator Jerry Remy . The elder Remy played for the Red Sox as a second baseman from 1978 to 1984 and was voted an all-star his first year with the team . Remy is also considered the president of Red Sox nation , according to the Red Sox homepage . Massachusetts abolished the death penalty in the early 1980s when lawmakers ruled it was unconstitutional . Remy will spend the rest of his life in prison without the possibility of parole . ` Shield ' actor Michael Jace officially charged with wife 's murder	Jared Remy was sentenced to life in prison in the stabbing death of Jennifer Martel Remy was charged with assaulting his fiancee two days before he killed her Martel told police "  slammed her face against a mirror " during an argument Remy 's father , Jerry , is a Boston Red Sox announcer and former player
You can roll it , ferment it , dry it and put holes in it . It can be stinky enough to be banned on public transport , crawling with maggots or hard enough to break your teeth . Cheese is savored all around the world -- even if some of it is an acquired taste . Casu Marzu  Italy Like caviar , Casu Marzu is enjoyed only by a select population . That 's because it 's served with live maggots . It does have a fan base in Sardinia , where sheep farmers for centuries have made pecorino cheese and left it to rot and attract flies . When the flies ' eggs hatch the transformation takes place and the cheese becomes Casu Marzu . It 's then consumed with relish or perhaps trepidation -- it has an aftertaste that lasts for hours . Gordon Ramsay called it "  the most dangerous cheese in the world . " Where to try it : Casu Marzu contains live insects so it ca n't be imported . Sardinia is therefore still the best option at associations such as Agugliastra in Lanusei , Sardinia ; www.agugliastra.it . Milbenkase  Germany Just when you thought the Italians took the proverbial cheese for their maggots , along come the Germans with their mite excrement variety . Produced in Wurchwitz from quark , it sits among dust mites for several months , with some rye for them to nibble on . The mites excrete an enzyme to ripen the cheese that turns it progressively yellow , red-brown and then black , at which point it 's eaten , mites and all . Bitter and zesty , the cheese is said to have curative effects for allergies to house dust . If you 'd like some cheese with your mites , there 's a mite-shaped memorial in Würchwitz -- in the hollow base there 's some Milbenkase left for passersby to try . Where to try it : Locally in Wurchwitz , Germany . Yak cheese  Tibetan communities Imagine sucking and gnawing a piece of cheese-flavored resin for several hours and you 'll get an idea of how hard this cheese is -- it could in fact break your teeth , although there are softer varieties . The cheese is made by wrapping the curd from yak 's milk in cloth and pressing it to get rid of the water . When it dries out it 's cut into pieces and allowed to dry , often over a wood fire . It 's earthy and tasty . The yak is the male of the species and does n't produce milk , so it really should be called nak cheese after the female . Where to try it : Markets in Tibetan areas of China , India , Nepal and Bhutan . Airag cheese  Central Asia Airag cheese , or horse milk cheese , is common in Central Asia where the horse is still integral to life in many places . To make airag , a mare is milked during foaling season and the milk left to ferment with an agent such as last season 's airag . It 's either suspended next to the ger/yurt entrance so anyone passing can stir it or it 's tied to a saddle to achieve the same effect over a day 's riding . The airag is then added to boiled milk to curdle it , filtered through a fabric bag and pressed . It can be eaten fresh or dried . The dry variety is a popular snack out on the steppe , softened by soaking it in tea or soup . Where to try it : Out on the Central Asian steppe in the ger/yurt of a nomadic family . Camel 's milk cheese  Ethiopia , Mauritania , Sudan and Bedouin communities Nomadic herders across Africa have been milking their camels for centuries . Not only are the resilient beasts a more viable alternative to cows in dry climates , but their rich , earthy milk has more fat and protein . However , making cheese from camel milk is a more difficult process , so herders use camel rennet from pieces of the animal 's stomach to coagulate the milk and create curds . This may account for its sour taste and pungent aroma . To enjoy camelbert options you 'll have to visit supermarket shelves in Nouakchott , the UAE and Saudi Arabia . It 's also found in Kazakhstan . Where to try it : Supermarket shelves in Nouakchott , the U.A.E. and Saudi Arabia ; Costa Coffee in the UK ; Starbucks in Dubai . Human milk cheese  New York When the freezer of New York chef Daniel Angerer started to overflow with his wife 's breast milk , he decided to experiment with it rather than throw it out . He blogged about the process online with photos of mother 's milk with beets and romaine , dehydrated porcini mushroom and onion chutney . For those feeling queasy , rest assured the cheese was never produced in his restaurant or sold . As for commercial opportunities , lactating mothers ca n't produce anything like the quantity of breast milk needed to make large quantities of cheese . Where to try it : Not yet commercially available . American cheese In a country that celebrates National Grilled Cheese Day , it should come as no surprise that American cheese remains a staple on grocery shelves -- the texture and meltability are perfect for toasted sandwiches and burgers . Technically , of course , American cheese is n't even real cheese -- ingredients include milk , whey , milkfat , salt , gelatine , milk powder , dyed orange , artificial flavors and oil . The odd concoction is blended with a generic processed cheese to form the smooth , creamy and super-melty slices that are either loved , tolerated or abhorred around the United States . Where to try it : McDonald 's , American food supermarkets . Lichen cheese  Canada When a small Quebec company found out the Inuit once ate a fermented lichen from the stomach of caribou that tasted like blue cheese , they decided to try it for themselves . Using Quebec goat 's milk and lichen , the company creates a mold from roasting and boiling the lichen , then lets it rest and ferment . The cheese is still in its experimental stage . Where to try it : Société d'Orignal , Montreal , Canada . Deer milk cheese  New Zealand Reindeer milk cheese has been produced among the Sami communities in Finland for years . Now , cheese from the humble red deer may soon become a hallmark of New Zealand . The combined work of scientists and a cheese maker have resulted in the first cheese from the Kiwi bambi . At $ 100 per liter , the rich deer milk is n't cheap , but with half of the world 's farmed red deer production in New Zealand , farmers are getting excited about the possibility of having a product to sell beyond venison . Where to try it : Buy it from Whitestone cheese company , North Otago , New Zealand . Alpaca and llama cheese  Andean communities Life on the harsh Altiplano would be a struggle without the alpacas and llamas that give their dung for fuel , hide for leather , wool for clothing and milk for cheese . Comical though they may appear -- they even give the occasional spit and unusual noise -- they 're a little tricky to milk . Once extracted , though , their whole milk can be made into a long-lasting cheese that 's salty , rich and heavy in texture . This finds its way into markets and local food like empanadas , though most travelers come across it only when visiting locals . Where to try it : Local markets , Andes region , South America . Donkey cheese  Serbia At the Zasavica Special Nature Reserve , 50 kilometers out of Belgrade , you can get your hands on pule , or donkey cheese . While healthy -- it has 60 times more vitamin C than cow 's milk -- donkeys only produce 200 ml of milk a day . About 25 liters are required to make just one kilogram of cheese . That means the white , crumbly pule is both limited and costly . Currently it goes for about $ 1,000 a kilo , or $ 576 a pound . The reserve also makes soap , a liquor and facial cream from the milk . Cleopatra claimed her beauty was due to bathing in donkey milk . Where to try it : In the Zasavica Special Nature Reserve , or buy it online at www.zasavica.org.rs .	Strange cheeses include those made with maggots , dust mites and even human breast milk American cheese , such as that found in fast food burgers , is n't really a cheese at all A Serbian group makes cheese from donkey milk
CNN  -- My participation in the British Invasion came as a total surprise to me . I am indeed British , with an English dad and a Welsh mum . In the mid-1960s , having married a Frenchman , I was living in Paris with two small children and enjoying a highly successful career in Europe , singing in French and other languages . But despite all that , when Tony Hatch , also a Brit , presented me with a song called "  Downtown , " I knew I wanted to record it . So we went into the studio in London and came out with a hit . It was rapidly picked up by Warner Brothers in the United States , and without any promotion from me , took off to the prized No. 1 spot . And so I was propelled into this amazing and exciting "  love in " with America . Of course , it changed my life . Suddenly , I was juggling two careers and a family . It was exhilarating , too . I loved performing to American audiences , and I still do . They are the most generous in the world . I was spending more and more time in the States , working with some of the best American musicians and certainly listening to the great American bands of the day : The Beach Boys , The Mamas and the Papas and more . It was wonderful to feel I was in some way part all that was happening at that iconic moment . The spearhead of the "  Invasion " was of course the Beatles . They opened the floodgates , and the world became aware of British talent almost overnight . Americans seemed to embrace us Brits with something close to a passion . How could we resist ? Of course "  Downtown " was only the beginning . There was "  I Know a Place , " "  Do n't Sleep in the Subway , " "  Colour My World , " "  Days " and more . Tony Hatch went on to write a dozen more hits for me . These songs have survived the '60s , and I still sing them today with much affection . Those days were pretty hectic . I seemed to be constantly bouncing around between the United States and Europe and was jet-lagged most of the time ! As for "  the scene " in the Sixties , I did n't get too involved in it . Of course , there were the inevitable parties and general madness , but I could take it or leave it . I mostly left it . Probably that I was married with a young family kept me on an even keel . For me , the buzz was and still is all about the music and being around people who feel the same way . The British Invasion came and went , but left behind a body of music that lives on today . For those of us who were there , how could we ever forget it ?	Petula Clark was living in Paris with her family and had a successful European career When she got the song "  Downtown , " she knew she wanted to record it That '60s song propelled her to fame in the United States , where it became No. 1 Other hits followed ; she calls American audiences the most generous in the world
CNN  The image of the braided Kurdish female fighter , donning military camouflage and taking up arms against the militant group ISIS , may have done more to promote the Kurdish cause in the West than anything else in recent years . The Iraqi Kurds have long been pro-Western in orientation , but Western powers have often only moderately addressed their pleas for support , in part out of fear of empowering the secessionist minority to seek independence . Now , with soccer moms in Middle America tweeting photos of Kurdish female fighters , Western governments may find it harder to explain their tepid Kurdish policies to their constituencies . Jacob Russell 's sensitive photo essay brings much-needed nuance to the recent proliferation of images of Kurdish female fighters . Since last summer , international media -- and Kurdish politicians who have recognized the public relations value of the images -- often objectified these women . Images of smiling young female fighters brandishing weapons with a hint of glamour  "  girls with guns , " as Russell calls this type of portrayal  tend to portray more of the photographer 's assumptions about the woman 's emancipation than her actual experiences as a Kurdish woman in combat . Russell consciously avoids this uncomplicated portrayal of female fighters . "  I was wary of making images that fed into this idea of the heroic strong women fighters , " he said . "  I think that the female fighters are used quite cynically by Kurdish leaders  who  know very well how attractive this image is to the Western media . " Having lived in Kurdistan for nearly two years , Russell understands that many women join the Peshmerga or other Kurdish forces for unglamorous reasons . Many of the women he photographed turned to the Peshmerga to escape abusive marriages or other forms of repression women continue to face there . Social media Follow @CNNPhotos on Twitter to join the conversation about photography . "  A lot of the women 's backstories were quite difficult , " he said . "  It seemed like this unit provided an alternative network for women who maybe would struggle in normal Kurdish society , because despite being relatively progressive  within the Middle East  , it is still quite a conservative society . " Russell explores the theme of sisterhood , and in one image he captures the women in an intimate moment in the back of a pickup truck , their fingers intertwined . That photo , he says , is his favorite from the shoot . "  I think that image is one of the more expressive ones that  shows  what really seems to be going on there , " he said . "  I did n't want to take pictures that conveyed the idea that this was all about hardcore fighters going into battle and killing lots of  ISIS  fighters . That just did n't seem to be the case . " Russell remarks that the image of the female fighter carries an important social role , conveying to the world the  relatively  progressive values that Kurds pride themselves on . The women now serve a political role , too . As Western governments eye more military engagement with Kurdish forces in Iraq and Syria , these women may boost the Kurds ' international standing . Jacob Russell is a photographer based in Lebanon . You can follow him on Instagram and Twitter .	Jacob Russell 's intimate photo essay follows Kurdish female fighters He says the images of these Peshmerga have an important social , political role
Freed from prison , former Ukrainian Prime Minister Yulia Tymoshenko returned Saturday to the battleground capital the same day the country 's president said he left Kiev because of a "  coup . " Tymoshenko 's release was the latest in a day of dramatic , fast-paced developments that saw Parliament vote to remove President Viktor Yanukovych from office and call for new elections . "  Today , Ukraine has finished with this terrible dictator , Mr. Yanukovych , " Tymoshenko told a cheering crowd of thousands in Kiev 's Independence Square , the scene of deadly demonstrations . Just hours after her release from a prison hospital , Tymoshenko called for justice for protesters killed in demonstrations sparked by the President 's decision to scrap a trade deal with the European Union in favor of one with Russia . "  You were able to change Ukraine , and you can do everything , " she told the crowd . "  Everyone has a right to take part in building a European , independent state . " But Yanukovych took to television airwaves , saying he had been forced to leave Kiev because of "  vandalism , crime and a coup . " "  I do n't plan to leave the country . I do n't plan to resign . I am the legitimate president , " he said in an interview from Kharkiv , a pro-Russian stronghold near Ukraine 's border with that nation . " ... What I am going to do next is to protect my country from the split , to stop the bloodshed . I do n't know how to do it yet . I am in Kharkiv and I do n't know what I am going to do next . " He did not address reports that he attempted to leave the country by airplane . According to the head of Ukraine 's Border Guard Service , Sergei Astakov , Yanukovych and his entourage attempted to board a charter flight without proper documentation in the eastern city of Donetsk . He was on the tarmac when he was turned back by security forces , Astakov told CNN , confirming an account he gave to Ukraine 's Interfax news agency . In that account , Astakov said border security had approached the plane to check paperwork , and an armed group of people on the plane attempted to offer money to the inspectors to allow the flight to take off . When the inspectors refused the money , Yanukovych and others in his entourage exited the plane and got into two vehicles that drove up on the tarmac , Astakov is quoted as saying . Ukraine 's dismissed interior minister , Vitaliy Zakharchenko , also was refused exit from the country in a similar incident at the same airport , Astakov said . The events of the day raise questions about just who is in control in Ukraine , with Parliament voting to oust Yanukovych and hold new elections on May 25 . The vote came just 24 hours after Yanukovych signed a peace deal with the opposition intended to end days of bloody protests . ` People 's residence ' At the presidential residence in a Kiev suburb , the president 's living quarters were vacant , his guards gone . Government buildings , protest gatherings and the central city were devoid of police and security forces , who had opened fire on protesters this week , killing dozens . Track how the crisis in Ukraine unfolded As a CNN crew drove to Yanukovych 's residence , it passed checkpoints set up by protesters . When the crew arrived , the gatekeepers said they were not allowing the general public onto the grounds , but they let journalists enter . The civil servants asked that the reporters treat his home as a crime scene and referred to it as the "  people 's residence . " But not everyone in Ukraine was happy with the news . The country is ethnically split , with many ethnic Russians living in the east . The rest comprises mostly ethnic Ukrainians . In several cities , people have toppled statues of Vladimir Lenin , a founder of the Soviet Union . The communist empire had included Ukraine until it gained independence in 1991 after the fall of the Soviet Union . In a sign of the deep divisions , government supporters took to the streets Saturday night in Kharkiv to protect a monument to Lenin that anti-government protesters threatened to tear down . Police in riot gear stood between the two sides , while others erected a temporary fence around the monument . Freeing Tymoshenko In the Verkhovna Rada , Ukraine 's Parliament , lawmakers passed a resolution to free Tymoshenko , a hero of the country 's 2004 revolution that forced the questionable results of a presidential election won by Yanukovych to be thrown out . Tymoshenko served as prime minister from 2007 to 2010 , and was forced out of office after losing an election to Yanukovych . She was sentenced in 2011 to seven years in prison after being convicted of abuse of authority over a natural gas deal negotiated with Russia in 2009 . The case against her was widely considered to have been politically motivated , and the United States and other Western nations called her "  a political prisoner . " In 2012 , after she was allegedly beaten unconscious by guards , she went on a hunger strike to draw attention to "  violence and lack of rights " in her country . In Washington , White House press secretary Jay Carney said U.S. officials were closely monitoring developments . "  We have consistently advocated a de-escalation of violence , constitutional change , a coalition government , and early elections , and today 's developments could move us closer to that goal , " he said in a statement . Russia 's ambassador to the United Nations , Vitaly Churkin , condemned what he called Western attempts to influence the outcome of the tumult in Ukraine . "  Either they do n't understand the consequences of what they 're doing , or they 're engaged in a very provocative game of destabilizing Ukraine and therefore Eastern Europe , " Churkin said in a post on his official Twitter account . A day earlier , Churkin accused the opposition of wanting to take power by force . "  If those so-called democratic opposition leaders come to power on the shoulders of thugs that will not produce democracy in Ukraine , " he said . By Saturday , a tidal wave of political change appeared to be engulfing Ukraine with key Yanukovych allies leaving office , and the presidential duties being handed off until a new cabinet has been selected . During the parliamentary session , resignations were announced for the speaker and another leading presidential ally . Hours later , Parliament elected a new speaker , a rival to Yanukovych , and gave him the duty of coordinating the executive office until a new cabinet is in place . Another opposition parliamentarian received the duties of acting interior minister . The Verkhovna Rada sacked Yanukovych 's prosecutor general . Discord 's roots The unrest began in November , when Yanukovych scrapped a European Union trade deal and turned toward Russia . Russia , which has offered to lend money to cash-strapped Ukraine in a deal worth billions of dollars and to lower its gas prices , has pressured Yanukovych to crack down on demonstrators . Western leaders , who have offered Ukraine a long-term aid package requiring economic modernization , urged him to show restraint , open the government to the opposition and let the democratic process work out deep-seated political differences . But the fight was also about corruption and control . The opposition called Yanukovych heavy-handed , with protesters saying they would n't leave Independence Square until he resigned . Tensions boiled over Tuesday , when security forces charged into a Kiev crowd with stun grenades , nightsticks and armored personnel carriers . The violence escalated , leaving dozens -- protesters and police alike -- dead . Explainer : What and who are behind Ukraine 's political crisis ? iReport : Protester describes bloodied people being rushed to medics U.S. talks tough , but options limited in Ukraine	Russia 's U.N. ambassador says the West does n't understand what 's at stake President Viktor Yanukovych stopped at airport , a security official says Yanukovych calls action a "  coup , " says "  I am the legitimate president " Opposition leader Yulia Tymoshenko has been released from prison
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- Tears rolled from Fernanda Romero 's eyes as the Mexican soap opera actress told jurors that she really loved Kent Ross , the pizza deliveryman she married five years ago . Their marriage was real , but it soon fell apart because of his drinking and her focus on a modeling and acting career , Romero testified Tuesday . Closing arguments are set for Wednesday in the trial of Romero and Ross on federal charges their marriage was an illegal sham , intended only to earn her a U.S. work permit . Romero is accused of paying Ross , 28 , $ 5,000 to marry her on June 12 , 2005 , but the prosecutor alleged they never lived together as a couple . U.S. District Judge Manuel Real blocked defense lawyers from using evidence they said would show Romero was set up and turned in by a vengeful photographer angry that she rebuffed his romantic advances . The job of convincing jurors the marriage was real fell on Romero , a 28-year-old actress-singer-model who starred in Telemundo 's "  Wounded Soul " soap opera . The prosecutor suggested Romero was using her professional acting skills to sell her own fiction . Romero testified she married for love , not a green card . "  To be in a loving relationship , forever and ever , like my parents , " she testified . The couple did n't have a family wedding because he is Mormon and she is Catholic , she said . They kept separate Hollywood apartments because he could n't break a lease and she traveled a lot , she said . The first months were "  very loving , fun , " she said . "  We socialized together , passionate . It was the honeymoon stage . " Romero and Ross separated after less than a year together because "  he was coming on very late and drunk , " she said . "  We started to fight a lot , sweat a lot , throw things . It was not healthy . " The villain in Romero 's script would be Markus Klinko , a celebrity photographer she met at a Hollywood casting call about the same time her marriage was "  on the rocks , " she said . Klinko , a 49-year-old Swiss native , is the star of his own reality TV show -- Bravo 's "  Double Exposure . " Romero said the relationship initially was "  professional and creative , " but she eventually engaged in a "  short affair " with Klinko as he helped with her modeling career . "  I felt very pressured and I was vulnerable , " Romero said as she cried . "  It was the biggest mistake I 've done in my life . " Her friendship with Klinko turned into a nightmare when she decided to end the affair , she said . "  Mr. Klinko wanted more and more and he knew I was n't able to give it to him , " she said . Klinko threatened to turn her in to immigration officials , she said . "  He was losing it , he was very psycho , " Romero said . "  I was very scared , because he would n't stop . " The federal complaint against Romero said the immigration investigation began after agents were given evidence gathered by a private detective hired by Klinko . When Klinko testified for the prosecution last week he said it was "  completely incorrect " that his motivation was to get Romero deported . Instead , the investigator was gathering evidence to be used in a lawsuit against Michael Ball , the founder and owner of the Rock & Republic fashion company , Klinko said . The criminal complaint named Ball as a target of the federal investigation , alleging that he helped arrange the sham marriage while Romero was modeling for his company . Klinko said his lawyer turned the evidence over to the government only because he feared Klinko might be extorted by Ball . "  My case has never been against Fernanda , " Klinko said after his testimony . "  I wish her the best . " Ross also had his turn on the witness stand Tuesday , hoping to convince jurors that he and Romero were a real couple at one time . "  I was in love with her , " Ross testified . "  It felt right at the time , so I rolled with it . " He was asked why he asked the actress to marry him after knowing her for only a short time . "  I had a tiger by the tail and I wanted to keep her here , " he said . Romero and Ross sat directly in front of jurors throughout the one-week trial , holding hands much of the time . They could get between 15 and 21 months in prison if convicted , though such cases usually produce shorter sentences , according to the prosecutor . The case is unusual because marriage fraud charges are usually litigated by immigration authorities rather than prosecuted as criminal cases . Romero 's show business career began in Mexico at age 16 when she joined the ensemble Frizzby , her Internet Movie Database biography says . The group toured Mexico and Central America , releasing two top-10 singles , it says . She started hosting television shows and appearing on commercials in Mexico when she was 18 , it says . Romero has appeared in print and TV ad campaigns for Rock and Republic , Clean and Clear , Pepsi , Apple and JC Penney , it says . "  She was cast in Telemundo 's original production ` Wounded Soul , ' where she was not only a lead actress , but also a lead singer , performing two songs in the soap opera 's soundtrack , " her online biography says .	Fernanda Romero testifies in her own defense Tuesday The actress tells jurors her marriage was not fake Closing arguments are set for Wednesday Romero is charged with paying a pizza delivery man to marry her
CNN  -- With Ivan Lendl by his side , Andy Murray opened his grand slam tennis account , won an Olympic gold and ended Britain 's nearly 80-year wait for a men 's singles champion at Wimbledon . When he triumphed at the All England Club last July , Lendl , not Murray 's influential mom , Judy , was the first person he hugged as he climbed into the players ' box . The knowledge Lendl amassed in winning eight grand slams himself was passed on to Murray and the two -- who share dry sense of humors and like to keep low profiles -- forged a strong bond . Murray thanked Lendl for pulling no punches when discussing his game , which , as good as it was , had yet to yield a major as he competed with the talented trio of Roger Federer , Rafael Nadal and Novak Djokovic . But on Wednesday , Lendl became the latest coach to cut ties with Murray . It 's another blow to the Scot , who has struggled to rediscover his best form following back surgery only months after that once-in-a-lifetime occasion at Wimbledon . "  Working with Andy over the last two years has been a fantastic experience for me , " Lendl said in a statement . "  He is a first class guy . "  Having helped him achieve his goal of winning major titles , I feel like it is time for me to concentrate on some of my own projects moving forward , including playing more events around the world which I am really enjoying . "  I will always be in Andy 's corner and wish him nothing but great success as he , too , goes into a new phase of his career . " Murray , meanwhile , had nothing but praise for Lendl . "  I 'm eternally grateful to Ivan for all his hard work over the past two years , the most successful of my career so far , " Murray said in the statement . "  As a team , we 've learned a lot and it will definitely be of benefit in the future . "  I 'll take some time with the team to consider the next steps and how we progress from here . " Lendl played senior and exhibition events in the period he was coaching Murray , and runs an academy in South Carolina . He was hired at the end of 2011 , following the likes of Mark Petchey , Brad Gilbert and Miles Maclagan , and Murray won singles gold at London 2012 and captured the U.S. Open a month later . Lendl 's arrival paved the way for other retired greats to return as coaches , with Boris Becker now alongside Djokovic and Stefan Edberg teaming up with Federer . In an email to CNN , Lendl -- a man of little words in public -- said there was no deeper issue to the partnership concluding . "  It 's VERY simple -- I could not commit enough time to do the job properly , " wrote the father of five girls . Indeed , according to Murray 's former Davis Cup captain , all appeared to be going well . "  The relationship is very sound , they really enjoy each other 's company , Lendl is a fantastic coach and Andy is a world-class tennis player , " Jeremy Bates told CNN . "  So it 's a shame to me that this has happened , but you have to respect Lendl 's reasons for doing so . "  He 's in demand to do so many different things , and I guess he feels it 's time to move on in that regard . Andy has learned so much in the last couple of years and Lendl has to be a bit selfish in a decision like this , but he also has Andy 's best interests at heart as well . "  To me they would n't split up for another reason , a tennis reason , or a compatibility issue . They would just be spitting up for the time commitment reason . " Nonetheless , the news stunned the tennis world , with Gilbert saying he was "  surprised as heck . " He described Murray as a "  genius but complicated . " It came as Murray prepares to defend his title in Miami , the city he uses as a training base . Lendl is a Florida resident . "  I got up at six , saw a tweet and I was like , ` Wow , ' " Gilbert told CNN . "  I 've been inundated on Twitter and everyone wants to know why it happened . I 'm just as surprised as anyone that the partnership has ended . "  It 's an unusual time , right before Miami . I did n't hear that anything was coming . It just shows you how fragile the coaching-player partnership can be . " Murray , who has dropped from second in the rankings in July to sixth , has yet to win a title in 2014 and is coming off losses in Acapulco and Indian Wells to lower-ranked opposition after claiming the opening set . Bates , though , is n't alarmed . "  He 's coming back from a pretty significant surgery to a very delicate part of the body , " said Bates , a former top 60 player . "  I 've been saying for months now -- and I had a lot of surgery myself -- mentally , you just do n't recover from those things instantly . "  It takes you a long time to regain all that confidence in your body and so I 'm not surprised that it 's taking him a while to get up to speed . We might not see it in the next six months . Who knows when he 's going to feel completely comfortable again . "  If  100-meter world-record holder  Usain Bolt pulls a calf muscle , he does n't all of a sudden run 9.50 seconds in his first race . "	Andy Murray ends his successful partnership with coach Ivan Lendl Under Lendl , Murray won his lone two grand slam singles titles Murray says he is "  eternally grateful " to the eight-time grand slam champion Murray has struggled in 2014 after undergoing back surgery last fall
CNN  -- The shocking scenes that unfolded at Sandy Hook Elementary School on Friday have added another name to the list of respectable but otherwise unremarkable towns forever scarred by tragedy . Communities like Aurora , Columbine and Newtown have found themselves on the front line of a deeply emotional debate about the right to bear arms -- something that is enshrined in America 's constitution . While some view the death of 20 children as proof that radical gun control reform in the U.S. is needed , others believe the solution to the problem of gun violence is not better regulations but more guns . The result is America often struggles to find a common voice that satisfies those who totally oppose guns and those who fundamentally believe in their right of self-defense . Yet gun violence is not an exclusively American issue . From Scotland to Tasmania , communities not too dissimilar to Newtown have experienced the same unspeakable horrors . But in some cases , those massacres have been a catalyst for important changes in gun control laws . We look at some of those experiences and their effects . Britain Despite relatively limited gun ownership and availability , Britain has experienced several mass shootings in the past 25 years . On August 19 , 1987 , 27-year-old Michael Ryan went on a bloody rampage for several hours in the southern English town of Hungerford , Berkshire armed with a pistol , hand grenade and an automatic rifle . He murdered 16 people and wounded over a dozen others , before he shot himself after being tracked down in a college building in the town . In the wake of the Hungerford massacre , Britain introduced new legislation -- Firearms  Amendment  Act 1988 -- making registration mandatory for owning shotguns and banning semi-automatic and pump-action weapons . Nine years later , on March 13 , 1996 , 43-year-old Thomas Hamilton burst into a school in the picturesque town of Dunblane in central Scotland and embarked on a terrifying shooting spree that left 16 five and six-year-old children and their teacher dead . The former scoutmaster turned one of the four pistols he was carrying on himself . The following year , a new law -- Firearms  Amendment   No. 2  Act 1997 -- was passed effectively banning the private ownership of all handguns in the UK . This followed a highly successful public campaign in the months after Dunblane that included a petition being handed to the government with almost 750,000 signatures , according to British media reports . Britain was shaken by another massacre in June 2010 when a lone gunman , named as Derrick Byrd , killed 12 people and injured almost 30 others after a near four-hour shooting spree in rural Cumbria , northern England . After a huge manhunt , the body of the 52-year-old taxi driver was found alongside two powerful rifles , one equipped with a telescopic sight . He had taken his own life . Police were investigating 30 crime scenes at one point . The tragedy again raised questions about the effectiveness of Britain 's gun laws after it was revealed Byrd was licensed to carry firearms . The licensing application process involves being vetted by police as well as the applicant 's doctor to assess their fitness to own a weapon . Finland Finland enjoys a strong tradition of hunting and has a high proportion of gun ownership , with 1.5 million firearms owned in a nation of more than five million people , according to government figures . Gun control has also been more relaxed here . Until recently anyone aged 15 and over was able to apply for a gun license if they offered a valid reason such as membership of a gun club . Though gun crime is rare , the country has suffered two major incidents at schools in recent years . On November 7 , 2007 , a teenager opened fire with a handgun at his high school in the southern Finnish town of Tuusula , killing eight people before fatally turning the gun on himself . Police said all of 18-year-old Pekka-Eric Auvinen 's victims had multiple gunshot wounds , most to the upper body and head . Some 69 shells and more than 320 unused bullets were found at the scene . Auvinen , who had no criminal record , obtained a license for the weapon the previous month and regularly practiced sharp-shooting as a hobby at a local range , police said . The authorities said Auvinen , who police later described as lonely and antisocial , had posted a series of videos on YouTube featuring guns , with some hinting at the massacre at Jokela High School itself . The following year , on September 23 , the country was numbed by news of another mass shooting . Over the course of 90 minutes , 10 people were fatally shot as Matti Juhani Saari , wearing a ski mask and black fatigues , rampaged through a campus at Kauhajoki city 's School of Hospitality in southwestern Finland . The 22-year-old later died in hospital from a self-inflicted gunshot wound to the head . Chillingly , police revealed Saari had been questioned days before the shooting about a video posted on the internet showing him firing a gun , though no action was taken because he was licensed and had not broken the law . In the wake of the shootings , the Finnish government moved to issue new guidelines on the use of firearms , particularly handguns and revolvers . New applicants for handgun licenses are now required to show they 've been active members of a gun club for one year and be vetted by their doctor and police . The minimum age for purchasing licenses of short barrel weapons has been raised to 20 -- 18 for hunting rifles . Permits are now valid for a period of five years before being reviewed . Australia In one of his first acts as leader , Prime Minister John Howard announced major reforms to Australia 's gun control laws just 12 days after 35 people died at the hands of a lone gunman wielding a military-style semi-automatic rifle at a popular tourist spot in Tasmania on April 28 , 1996 . In the wave of public revulsion against what became known as the Port Arthur massacre , the move for stricter gun controls was led by Howard , who had taken office just seven weeks earlier and who , in the first few hours after the tragedy , declared himself horrified "  at this shocking and senseless act . " He took his anti-gun campaign around the country , at one stage addressing a hostile pro-gun rally wearing a bullet-proof vest . He also oversaw a successful gun "  buy-back " scheme that took some 650,000 guns out of circulation . Australia 's eight states and territories got behind legislation that addressed mass shootings : High calibre rifles and shotguns were banned , licensing was tightened and remaining firearms were registered to uniform national standards -- an accomplishment regarded by many in the country as Howard 's enduring legacy . Australia has been compared to the United States for its "  frontier mentality . " But unlike the U.S. , there is no constitutional right to bear arms , gun ownership is markedly lower and American-style gun culture has taken hold in only a few pockets of Australian society -- most notably among the crime gangs operating in the two biggest cities , Sydney and Melbourne . Norway July 22 , 2011 will live long in the memory of all Norwegians after the carnage that unfolded that day . After detonating a bomb outside the prime minister 's office in Oslo , killing eight people , Anders Behring Breivik took a ferry to Utoya Island and embarked on a shooting spree that took the lives of another 69 people attending a youth camp . Authorities said Breivik roamed the island shooting at campers , before members of an elite Norwegian police unit took him into custody . In August this year , Breivik , who boasted of being an ultranationalist who killed his victims to fight multiculturalism in Norway , was judged to be sane at the time and sentenced to 21 years in prison after being charged with voluntary homicide and committing acts of terror . An independent report into the worst atrocity on Norwegian soil since World War II blamed a series of intelligence and planning failures for delaying the police arrival on the island by 30 minutes . Despite ownership and the type of ammunition permitted for use being tightly regulated , the report also criticized Norway 's gun controls as "  inadequate . " It called for a total ban on semi-automatic weapons of the type Breivik purchased with relative ease . Like Finland , Norway has a high number of guns in circulation with hunting a national pastime . According to the Small Arms Survey 2007 : Guns and the City , " there are almost 32 firearms per 100 people in Norway . This compares to 88.82 per 100 in the United States . CNN 's Richard Allen Greene and journalist Geoff Hiscock contributed to this report .	Communities like Aurora , Columbine , Newtown on front line of gun control debate The right to bear arms is enshrined in the constitution of the United States Gun controls have been tightened across globe after massacres such as Dunblane Wave of public revulsion against Port Arthur massacre led to stricter controls in Australia
CNN  -- Lionel Messi is widely regarded as the world 's best footballer -- and now it seems the Argentina star is also unrivaled among his peers off the field . David Beckham has long been the sport 's biggest earner even in his declining years , due to his lucrative endorsement deals , but the former Manchester United and Real Madrid superstar has been eclipsed by Barcelona 's magician . The three-time World Player of the Year was unveiled by France Football magazine as the highest-earning player in soccer on Tuesday , collecting $ 33 million  $ 52 million  in wages and endorsements during 2011 . The 24-year-old , who has scored 51 goals for the Catalan giants in all competitions , headed a list which placed Los Angeles Galaxy 's former England captain Beckham in second on $ 50 million . Beckham recently signed a new contract with the Galaxy , and unveiled a clothing line with Swedish retailer H & M earlier this year . Messi 's on-field rival Cristiano Ronaldo also featured highly . The Portugal forward 's total earnings of $ 46 million in 2011 put him third ahead of Samuel Eto'o of Cameroon . Eto'o secured a lucrative move from Inter Milan to big-spending Russian team Anzhi Makhachkala in August 2011 and he has reportedly banked $ 37 million . Manchester United and England striker Wayne Rooney was fifth on the list with $ 32.6 million , while the Manchester City duo of Argentina 's Sergio Aguero and Yaya Toure of the Ivory Coast took home $ 29.7 million and $ 27.8 million respectively . Completing the top 10 were Chelsea striker Fernando Torres  $ 26.4 million  , Real playmaker Kaka  $ 24.5 million  and Bayern Munich 's Germany captain Philipp Lahm  $ 22.6 million  . France Football is one of Europe 's leading sports magazines , and it formerly organized the Ballon d'Or awards for the continent 's top achievers . The Ballon d'Or has now merged with ruling body FIFA 's world player of the year awards .	France Football magazine declares Lionel Messi the world 's highest-earning player It says Argentina striker earned $ 52 million in wages and sponsorships in 2011 Second on the list is former England captain David Beckham after taking home $ 50 million Real Madrid 's Cristiano Ronaldo is third on the list after collecting $ 46 million
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- Afghan President Hamid Karzai put pressure on Pakistan on Wednesday to help investigate an unprecedented attack on Shiite Muslim worshippers in Kabul a day earlier , saying his country would pursue the probe "  with all the power we have . " A militant group based in Pakistan claimed responsibility for the bombing , which killed at least 56 people on Tuesday , the Shiite holy day of Ashura . "  To kill children on Ashura is to be an enemy to humanity . To kill Muslims on Ashura is to be an enemy to Islam , " Karzai said , calling the massacre "  unique in Afghan history . " "  Lashkar-e-Jangvi has announced they are our enemies and of Afghans and Islam and humanity , " Karzai said , while visiting a hospital to meet survivors of the attack . "  We will follow it very seriously and will definitely pursue it with the government of Pakistan , because it relates to our lives and the lives of these children lying in the hospital , " the youngest of whom was a boy one and a half years old , he said . Karzai has not confirmed the group carried out the attack , spokesman Aimal Faizi emphasized , but based his remarks on its claim that it did . The mass-scale sectarian attack on Shiite worshipers was unlike anything the country has seen in its decade-long war -- in contrast to Iraq , where violence between Shiites and Sunnis has been a major feature of the conflict . At least 193 people were wounded in addition to those killed when a suicide bomber detonated a device at a Shiite shrine in Kabul on Tuesday , Afghan Health Ministry spokesman Kargar Norughli said . Four people also were killed in a Tuesday explosion at a roundabout on a busy street in Mazar-e Sharif , the provincial capital of Afghanistan 's northern Balkh province , police official Lal Mohammad Ahmadzai said . Another 21 were wounded in that attack . "  The enemies tried to spread fear in this important holiday in the city , " Ahmadzai said . It was not immediately clear whether the attack in Mazar-e Sharif was linked to the attack in Kabul . The U.N Security Council condemned both attacks "  in the strongest terms " in a statement Wednesday and urged Afghanistan to hold those responsible to justice , as well as expressing its condolences to the victims . Karzai also strongly condemned an attack in Helmand province on Wednesday , he said in a statement . At least 19 people , including women and children , were killed when their bus hit a roadside mine Wednesday , said Daud Ahmadi , a spokesman for the governor of Helmand province . Their bus was traveling from provincial capital Lashkar Gah to Sangin district in the south of the restive province , he said . He said he did not know whether the civilians were the target of the roadside mine planted by the Taliban . Karzai canceled a visit to the United Kingdom after the Tuesday blasts . A spokesman for the Afghan Embassy in London said Karzai had been due in London late Tuesday from Germany but was instead flying back to Afghanistan . Megan Ellis , a U.S. Embassy spokeswoman in Kabul , said Wednesday that an American was among the dead . She added that consular officials were in touch with the family , who would need to consent to the release of further details . The Taliban denied involvement in Tuesday 's attacks . A man identifying himself as a spokesman for Lashkar-e-Jangvi al Almi , a group with links to al Qaeda and the Pakistan Taliban , made the claim of responsibility in a call to Radio Mashaal , a Pashto-language station in Pakistan sponsored by the U.S. government . The group is an offshoot of the powerful Lashkar-e-Jangvi , which has a record of high-profile suicide bombings in Pakistan , including the attack on the Marriott Hotel in Islamabad in 2008 . Afghanistan has seen previous attacks on mosques . In 2006 , rioting broke out between Shiites and Sunnis at an Ashura festival in Herat , leading to several deaths . But the country has not seen sectarian attacks of the scale that occurred Tuesday . Ashura commemorates the martyrdom of Hussein , grandson of the Prophet Mohammed . Hussein 's death in battle in Karbala , Iraq , in 680 is one of the events that helped create the schism between Sunnis and Shiites , the two main Muslim religious movements . Shiites are a minority presence in Afghanistan , which is predominantly Sunni . CNN 's Tim Lister , Mohammed Tawfeeq , Mick Krever and Josh Levs contributed to this report .	NEW : The U.N Security Council condemns the two attacks "  in the strongest terms " The attack on a Shiite shrine is "  unique in Afghan history , " President Karzai says A group based in Pakistan reportedly claims responsibility for the bombing A bus carrying women and children hits a roadside mine in Helmand province
A key national security adviser to President Barack Obama said he believes the United States will "  absolutely " secure an international coalition to defeat the rapidly growing terrorist group operating in Iraq and Syria known as ISIS . "  I absolutely do believe that there will be a coalition of countries from the international community , from here in NATO , also from the region where many of the neighbors have stepped up and said they want to be a part of that type of effort , " Deputy National Security Adviser Ben Rhodes said in an interview Thursday with CNN outside the NATO summit in Wales . "  A lot of these European countries are concerned about the foreign fighters that have gone down to Iraq and Syria who have European passports . So they are very concerned that this threat in Iraq and Syria could end up posing a threat here in Europe , " Rhodes said . How ISIS flaunts its brutality as propaganda The President has yet to make a decision to conduct airstrikes in Syria , White House officials cautioned . It is also unclear how an anti-ISIS coalition would take shape . Rhodes suggested participating countries would likely serve in different roles , depending on their capabilities and appetite for a more direct military involvement in the mission . "  Intelligence . Law enforcement . Lots of ways for nations to step up to the plate and be a part of this coalition , " Rhodes said . NATO leaders tackle packed agenda including ISIS , Ukraine , Afghanistan In a sense , there is already a coalition assisting the United States in its current limited mission against ISIS in Iraq . British , French and Australian forces have participated in airdrops of humanitarian supplies to Iraqis and Kurds under assault from ISIS militants . Obama created some confusion about his strategy at a news conference in Estonia earlier this week when he said his goal was to both "  degrade and destroy " ISIS and reduce the group 's threat "  to the point where it is a manageable problem . " Why is ISIS so brutal ? Rhodes argued there was no inconsistency in the president 's remarks , insisting the mission to defeat ISIS is a multi-step process . "  What the president was saying is this is a phased effort and the first phase is going to have to be pushing back ISIL , getting them out of those strongholds , putting in place the coalition that can then work methodically to destroy the organization , " Rhodes said . On a conference call with reporters Thursday , Rhodes indicated any decision to conduct airstrikes would occur after Secretary of State John Kerry , Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel and a White House counterterrorism adviser travel to the Middle East to gauge support in the region for an anti-ISIS coalition . Inside the mind of an ISIS fighter But Rhodes told CNN it would be difficult to ultimately destroy ISIS without dealing with the organization in Syria , where it currently enjoys a safe haven . "  You have to deal with the challenges on both sides of the  Iraqi-Syrian  border , " Rhodes said .	A key national security adviser says the U.S. would "  absolutely " secure an international coalition to defeat ISIS President has yet to make a decision to conduct airstrikes in Syria , officials caution British , French and Australian forces have already participated in air drops
JACKSONVILLE , North Carolina  CNN  -- The remains of an adult and a fetus were found Saturday in a shallow grave in the backyard of the primary suspect in the death of a pregnant Marine , Onslow County Sheriff Ed Brown announced . Investigators search for the body of Marine Lance Cpl. Maria Lauterbach on Saturday . An arrest warrant has been issued for Cpl. Cesar Armando Laurean in the death of Lance Cpl. Maria Lauterbach . He is charged with first-degree murder , although authorities have not positively identified the body as hers . "  This is consistent with what we were looking for : A pregnant lady who is the victim Maria Lauterbach and her unborn child , " Brown said . The body was charred , and the fetus was in the victim 's abdomen , Brown said , describing the scene in gruesome detail . The fetus was developed enough that the "  little hand was about the size of my thumb . The little fingers were rolled up , " he said . "  One of the things that will probably stick with me for a long time , and forever , is that little hand , the way those fingers were turned , that had been burned off the arm . That is bizarre . That is tragic . And it 's disgusting . " Watch Brown describe the scene " The remains were taken to the Onslow County medical examiner 's office . They will next be sent to the chief medical examiner in Chapel Hill , North Carolina , for DNA testing and comparison with dental records . Lauterbach , 20 , disappeared , when she was eight months pregnant , from Camp Lejeune , North Carolina , in mid-December , not long before she was to testify at a military hearing about her rape accusation against Laurean . Laurean is believed to have left the base at 4 a.m. Friday , and a nationwide manhunt is under way . Watch authorities search for a grave " Lauterbach 's relatives believe her pregnancy was the result of the alleged rape , said Lauterbach 's uncle , Peter Steiner , a Kentucky psychiatrist . Investigators told CNN that Laurean vanished four hours before his wife , Christina , approached Brown with a note from her husband claiming that Lauterbach had committed suicide and he buried the body . "  We believe our suspect has fled the state of North Carolina ; removed himself as far from here as he can get , " Brown said Saturday . Watch Brown describe the cavity where the body was found " Brown said Friday that blood spatter evidence was found inside Laurean 's home , even on a ceiling . There was evidence of "  an attempted clean-up , " including an attempt to paint over the blood spatter , he said . "  Evidence now is saying what he 's claiming happened did not happen like he said it happened , " Brown said of Laurean . Lauterbach 's mother , Mary Lauterbach , reported the young woman as missing from Camp Lejeune on December 19 . Mary Lauterbach said she had not talked with her for five days . Watch police face unanswered questions " Laurean , 21 , of Nevada , is believed to be driving a black Dodge pickup with North Carolina license plate TRR1522 . Laurean repeatedly refused to meet with investigators , finally telling them that his attorney would n't let him . The sheriff described him as "  dangerous , " especially if cornered . Military officials said Laurean was not taken into custody after Lauterbach reported the alleged rape because there was information the two carried on "  some sort of friendly relationship " after she filed the complaint against him . "  The information ... leads us to believe that she still had some kind of contact " with him , said Paul Ciccarelli , agent in charge of the Naval Criminal Investigative Service at Camp Lejeune , this week . Because of that , Laurean was n't considered a flight risk , he said . Steiner disputed that , and said his niece had no relationship with Laurean . Ciccarelli also said the rape investigation is still active . See a timeline of the case " On Friday , authorities questioned Lauterbach 's roommate , Sgt. Daniel Durham , but said he had no apparent ties to her disappearance or death . Authorities have not released any details from that interview . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Ed Lavandera contributed to this report . Copyright 2008 CNN . All rights reserved.This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed . Associated Press contributed to this report .	NEW : The discovery is "  consistent with what we were looking for , " sheriff says NEW : Cpl. Cesar Armando Laurean is charged with first-degree murder Sheriff says blood found in house , even on ceiling Missing pregnant Marine had accused suspect -- a fellow Marine -- of rape
New York  CNN  -- Former pharmaceutical executive Gigi Jordan at first appeared calm as she described for a New York jury the last time she saw her son alive , those now-fuzzy final moments before she gave the 8-year-old autistic boy a lethal drug concoction . She ordered him food . She may have put on a movie for him . Little Jude Mirra 's vocabulary was limited . He typed on a BlackBerry to communicate with her . "  We were typing throughout some period of time . We were saying goodbye to each other , " Jordan told the Manhattan jury on Thursday during her second-degree murder trial . She began to cry . "  At some point , I put the pills together , " she recalled . "  I gave him the pills . " "  Which drugs did you give him more of ? " defense lawyer Allan Brenner asked . "  A lot more of the Ambien , " she said . "  I gave him more Xanax , but the Ambien is the one I gave him the most of . I gave him Hydrocodone which were large . I was drinking a vodka orange and there was a little left . I broke up the pill and put it into the juice mixed with vodka . " The chilling details came during Jordan 's second day on the stand . The defense team is trying to convince the jury that Jordan was a desperate mother ultimately driven to kill Jude because she felt caught between her two ex-husbands . One ex-husband had allegedly threatened to kill her , a crime that would have left Jude with her other ex , his biological father , who she believed had sexually abused the boy . The prosecution has sought to show the jury that the February 2010 killing was premeditated and that Jordan expected to survive . On the stand Thursday , Jordan , a former nurse who made millions in a home heath care company , portrayed her actions as a sort of mercy killing . Her ex-husband was threatening to kill her . "  You 're a dead woman , " she claimed he told her . "  I made the decision I was going to end my life and Jude 's life , " she recalled , placing her hand over her mouth . She said she checked into the luxury Peninsula Hotel in Manhattan . "  Tell us about your state of mind as you crossed the threshold into the hotel ? " her lawyer asked . "  Numb , " she responded . "  Defeated . I felt like it was over . Like it was done . There was nothing else I could do . " Jude and Jordan spent about six hours in the room before she gave him the pills . She said she had the boy wash down the concoction with orange juice and vodka . Jude was knocked out in 15 minutes . "  Were you able to ascertain if Jude was asleep or in a coma ? " Brenner asked . "  Jude was covered with a blanket , " she said . "  I could n't tell ... I could n't tell but I assume he had passed . " Her son breathed rapidly at one point and then stopped . "  At that point , what did you feel and what did you do ? " "  I had a big surge of adrenaline , " she said . "  My heart started pounding . I grabbed him off the bed and put him on the floor . I was crying and started calling Jude ! Jude ! Jude ! and started doing CPR . I titled his head back , grabbed his nose , gave him two breaths , then gave him 15 compressions . I maybe did this 20 times . " When Brenner asked why she attempted to revive her son , the judge adjourned the proceedings for the night . On Wednesday , Jordan , fighting back tears , testified that she knowingly gave herself and Jude enough drugs to kill them both . When her trial opened last month , Jordan showed no emotion as a prosecutor described to a jury a "  chilling and horrifying scenario " in which Jordan allegedly forced the boy to swallow the deadly cocktail . Bruises on the boy 's nose , chin and chest indicated that she got on top of him and pressed the poisonous mix of painkillers and anti-inflammatories down his throat with a syringe , the prosecutor alleged . Looking gaunt and pale , Jordan denied that scenario on the stand Wednesday . "  Did you climb on top of Jude and grab his jaw and forcibly put liquid drugs down his throat , " Brenner asked . "  No , " Jordan told the jury . "  Did you knowingly give Jude and yourself enough drugs to kill yourself and him ? " "  Yes , " she responded , tears welling in her eyes . Asked about a history of suicide in her family , Jordan said an aunt killed herself when Jordan was 12 and her mother tried three times . On Wednesday , Jordan also suggested that the boy was physically and sexually abused not only by his biological father but also by others , including the woman who took Jude to school . She testified that the boy was assaulted by "  a good number of people . " She testified that one night Jude started screaming , according to Jordan : " ` Dad bad . Dad bad . Dad bad . ' Jude was never able to articulate the word and not clearly like he was screaming at the top of his lungs . " Jordan testified that she held her son as Jude gestured at his crotch . He pulled Jordan in front of him and whispered , "  Dad , butt . Finger , Finger . ' He also kept saying dad , and it was clear he was talking about his dad , " she told the jury . She testified that the boy had been forced to eat feces and do other "  gruesome and horrible " things by his biological father . The boy 's father has denied the allegations and has not been charged , CNN affiliate WCBS reported . In court , no one has disputed the unthinkable manner in which little Jude spent his final hours on February 5 , 2010 . Police found his cold body after they were dispatched to the hotel . The call to police came after a relative of Jordan was unable to reach her . At an autopsy , four of the painkillers and anti-inflammatories used to kill Jude were recovered undigested from his stomach , prosecutors said . "  His fate was sealed , " assistant district attorney Matt Bogdanos said in opening statements . "  He did n't die fast . One by one , his vital organs shut down . It did n't take minutes . It took hours to die . " While Jude lay dying , Bogdanos said , Jordan sent an email to a financial adviser instructing him to transfer the $ 125,000 trust she set up for her son to her personal account . Brenner said Jordan , believing she was ultimately protecting her son , brought the drugs to the hotel room with the intention of killing them both , but she survived the suicide attempt . Bogdanos said Jordan "  went to the bank , she transferred $ 8 million from savings to checking . She checked in  at the hotel  without a reservation and paid cash . " On the stand , Jordan said she planned on giving the money to charity before taking her life . The exact time of the boy 's death could not be determined , but Jude 's body temperature was 80 degrees , suggesting that when police arrived , he had been dead for 8 to 14 hours , Bogdanos said . Brenner has sought to show that Jordan acted out of love and desperation . She had been threatened by her first husband and former business partner , Brenner said . She had accused the man of raiding her bank accounts and defrauding her of millions in profits from their joint businesses . She filed a lawsuit against him in 2012 , seeking damages for breach of contract and fraud . Her first husband filed a lawsuit in August 2013 , claiming Jordan defamed him in interviews she gave the media in an effort to advance her defense . Jordan believed that if she died , Jude 's biological father , a yoga instructor , would have gained custody , according to Brenner . Brenner said Jordan told a therapist and local authorities about the alleged abuse but no action was taken . Jordan faces 25 years to life in prison if convicted . CNN 's Grace Wong contributed to this report .	Gigi Jordan : "  I made the decision I was going to end my life and Jude 's life " Jude Mirra , 8 , who was autistic , died from painkillers , other drugs , prosecutors say The defense says the desperate mother aimed to protect her son from a sexually abusive father Jordan , charged with second-degree murder , faces 15 years to life in prison if convicted
CNN  -- Sitting at her home in West Seattle , Washington , Amanda Knox 's aunt Janet Huff was watching the live television news coverage that her niece had been convicted of murder . "  It was terrible , it was gut-wrenching just to hear them say it , " Huff said of the verdict . She had been up for more than 11 hours while the jury deliberated , anxiously awaiting word . She remained hopeful but deeply afraid . She could n't eat . When the verdict was announced at about midnight in Perugia , Italy , her worst fears came true . Knox and her Italian former boyfriend , Raffaele Sollecito , were convicted of murdering Knox 's roommate Meredith Kercher . Knox was sentenced to 26 years and Sollecito 25 years in prison . Following the verdict , people flooded out of the Italian courtroom . When the prosecution emerged , a rush of applause followed . "  To see the people outside the courtroom applauding -- that just made me sick , that people can be that callous and cold , " Huff said . Soon after the verdict , Knox 's parents , Curt Knox and Edda Mellas , emerged and swiftly moved through the crowd . Watch Janet Huff 's interview with CNN 's Campbell Brown Huff said she spoke to Knox 's parents shortly after the verdict . "  They are , of course , shattered . They are not doing great , " Huff said . "  But we have already started the process of appeals . That 's all we can do . " For Huff , Knox is still the strong , kindhearted girl she has always known -- not the cold-blooded killer prosecutors portrayed during the trial . Huff said Knox was worried about the trial 's impact on the family . "  I think that 's what gets her through , knowing that she 's got to be strong , " she said . "  If she falls apart , then we are really going to lose it . Knox 's parents : Our daughter is no killer "  I know she is terribly disappointed , heartbroken and scared to death , but she 's more concerned about her family and how we are . " With Knox 's conviction , Huff said the family was moving forward with plans for some relatives to move to Italy to be near Knox . The cost and physical toll of constantly traveling to Italy was weighing on the family , she said . "  We 've looked at jobs and apartments just in case this happened , " she said . "  There 's no way we are going to leave Amanda in Italy all alone . " Knox 's case has attracted widespread media attention and prompted salacious articles focusing on her sex life . Her name and photo have appeared on the front pages of newspapers all over the world , and now , Huff fears , things may get worse . "  Now that there 's a guilty verdict , she 's always going to be remembered as ` The convicted killer Amanda Knox , ' and I 'm disgusted by that , " Huff said . Maria Cantwell , a U.S. senator from Knox 's home state of Washington , issued a statement saying she was "  saddened by the verdict . " "  I have serious questions about the Italian justice system and whether anti-Americanism tainted this trial , " Cantwell said . "  I will be conveying my concerns to Secretary of State Hillary Clinton . " Huff said she hopes the appeals process will show what her family has believed all along . "  She will be vindicated and she will be found innocent , " she said . Despite the pain the trial has brought Knox 's family , Huff stressed it is nothing compared to what victim Meredith Kercher 's family has gone through . "  They still do n't have closure , they may think they are vindicated with the guilty verdict but we know it does n't bring their daughter back , " she said .	Janet Huff : "  It was terrible , it was gut-wrenching just to hear them say it " Amanda Knox , former boyfriend , convicted of murdering British student Meredith Kercher Aunt says seeing people applaud verdict outside court made her sick Huff says Knox 's parents are "  shattered , they are not doing great "
The wail of sirens and the firing of tear gas canisters echoed through the streets of the Tunisian capital , Tunis , for a second day Thursday , as the political turmoil triggered by the assassination of an opposition leader continued to spur unrest . Chokri Belaid was shot dead outside his home Wednesday morning , throwing the country into confusion and prompting angry protests . The unrest calmed overnight but broke out anew Thursday , as young protesters threw rocks at security forces on a central Tunis boulevard . Police responded with tear gas , and officers riding double on motorcycles chased demonstrators . Other plainclothes police officers went door to door , looking for people who had been on the streets . As soon as the protestors would head back to the street , they would be met by more tear gas . This cat-and-mouse lasted all day , but the protesters refused to leave . Late Wednesday , Prime Minister Hamadi Jebali , head of the moderate religious party Ennahda , sacked his Cabinet and called for new elections , leaving himself at the head of a caretaker government . However , a top Ennahda party official said Thursday that Jebali 's call to dissolve the Cabinet and offer up a new technocratic government is "  not binding . " Tunisia 's president : ` The extremists are a minority of a minority ' Ennahda executive bureau member Abdel Hamid Jlassi said party officials were meeting to discuss whether to accept the dissolution . Jebali 's move came soon after violent clashes broke out in front of the Interior Ministry in Tunis , where police used tear gas to disperse protesters angered by the assassination of Belaid . One police officer died after he tackled looters amid the disturbances Wednesday , Tunisia 's state-run news agency TAP quoted an interior ministry official as saying . Protesters also rallied elsewhere Wednesday , including the central town of Sidi Bouzid , the birthplace of the revolution that toppled former President Zine al-Abidine Ben Ali two years ago . The French Embassy in Tunisia said all French-run schools in the North African country would be closed on Friday and Saturday . Belaid 's family told local media his funeral would be held Friday , according to TAP . Read more : Who will win battle for the new Tunisia ? Belaid routinely received death threats for his outspoken criticism of Tunisia 's moderate Islamist-led government . He talked about the bullying on his frequent television appearances but said he did n't fear for his life . Belaid had criticized the government , saying it was not doing enough to take on hardline Salafists . No one has claimed responsibility for the attack . Some speculate an extremist Salafist group may have been behind it . Support for Belaid went beyond his own party , the secular-leftist Democratic Patriots . He was the voice of a large coalition of secular opposition parties known as the Popular Front and had a reputation for decrying violence . Amna Guellali , of the rights group Human Rights Watch , said the government bears some responsibility for his death because of its "  laxity " in failing to respond to a climate of rising political violence . "  We warned the government that these incidents of violence should be investigated thoroughly and that people who have perpetrated these acts should be punished ... but we have n't heard anything back , " she told CNN in Tunis . The climate of intimidation included calls by preachers in some mosques in July for the killing of certain Tunisian political figures and personalities , including Chokri Belaid , she said . "  We did n't see the government reacting to these calls of clear incitement to murder , " she said . "  A government has to protect its citizens ... especially if there are clear threats against this person . " Jebali , who condemned Belaid 's killing , urged the Tunisian people not to rush to conclusions but to await the results of investigations by judicial authorities , TAP reported . Are you there ? Send us your photos and videos , but please stay safe . "  Belaid was killed , but the real target behind the assassination is the Tunisian revolution as a whole , "  Jebali said of his political adversary . "  He represented the true values of dialogue , respecting and embracing others in rejecting violence . This is a political assassination . " Belaid 's brother , Abdelmajid Belaid , blamed Jebali 's party for the killing , and angry protesters stormed Ennahda offices Wednesday . Interior Minister Ali al-Areed , who denied any involvement by his party , vowed to track down the killers and joined the chorus of moral indignation , calling Belaid 's assassination "  an attack on all Tunisians . " At the same time , he asked that protests remain peaceful . "  We do not want the country to fall into chaos , " he said on Tunisian state TV . Lise Storm , a senior lecturer in Middle East Politics at the University of Exeter in England , warned against overplaying the significance of Belaid 's death in the long term and said the current protests are in part driven by more general discontent . While Belaid was a well-known figure , his party is small and has no real political platform other than opposition to Ennahda , she said . Although it remains unclear who might have been behind his murder , it is highly unlikely that Ennahda played a role , as some have alleged , she said . The party is moderately Islamist and is made up of seasoned politicians who have waited a long time to be able to govern , she said . Storm suggested that any move to dissolve the current elected government would be counterproductive , since a unity government would find it difficult to reach consensus on reforms . Tunisia has made great progress toward democracy in the past two years , she pointed out , with presidential elections expected after the new constitution is approved , likely later this year . Popular discontent is focused on the issue of jobs and speedier reform of the police and other institutions , particularly in places such as Sidi Bouzid , which were at the center of past political protests , she added . Women 's Minister Sihem Badi told CNN that it was important that Tunisians remain united at this difficult time . People are worried that the upheaval may lead to a return to the situation as it was before the Arab Spring revolution , said Badi , a member of the Congress for the Republic party . To prevent that from happening , it is vital that Tunisia remains committed to the process begun two years ago , she said , with the country 's political parties , media and civil society coming together to safeguard the freedoms and democratic progress won by the people . Read more : How a fruit seller caused revolution in Tunisia "  We must protect our revolution , " she said . "  We need time , we need patience , we need the agreement of many partners -- we ca n't work alone . " Badi said the violent protests that broke out Wednesday were a natural response to the shocking death of Belaid . But , she said , such clashes are unusual in Tunisia and she does not expect them to continue . "  We have a very difficult period now , but it 's important to prepare good conditions for future elections , " she said , including agreement on a new constitution . Belaid was shot by an unknown gunman as he left his home in a quiet Tunis suburb for work Wednesday morning , according to a witness . The attack was "  a clear message to Tunisians ... shut up , or we kill you , " Abdelmajid Belaid said . He said his brother had been "  receiving threats of murder for a long time , " including a text message Tuesday . And Chokri Belaid 's widow , Basma , told Tunisian state TV : "  We are damned . The political struggle is damned in Tunisia . Chokri Belaid sacrificed his soul . "	Police fire tear gas as violent protests break out in the capital for a second day Tunisia 's government failed to protect Chokri Belaid , a rights group says Prime Minister Hamadi Jebali sacks the government and calls for new elections His party says the dissolution is "  not binding " and is discussing whether to accept it
Jerusalem  CNN  -- Tensions in the West Bank are heightened after the recent death in an Israeli prison of a 30-year-old Palestinian arrested last week . Arafat Jaradat died Saturday , inciting Palestinian officials to once again decry conditions in Israeli prisons . "  The prisoner martyr Jaradat went to prison to come back a corpse , but we are determined to find out how it was done and who did it , " Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas said Monday , according to the state news agency WAFA . "  We know how we will act , and we will not let them  Israelis  drag us to their square , and they should bear the responsibility . " The United Nations weighed in Monday , calling for a thorough probe into Jaradat 's death . "  The United Nations expects the autopsy to be followed by an independent and transparent investigation into the circumstances of Mr. Jaradat 's death , the results of which should be made public as soon as possible , " Robert Serry , the U.N. special coordinator for the Middle East peace process , said in a written statement . Israel said doctors had worked to save the inmate , who was suffering from previous injuries . Palestinian officials said Jaradat was tortured . Palestinians in Israeli prisons -- about 4,500 people -- took part in a hunger strike Sunday , and crowds protested in the streets of the West Bank as Palestinian officials called for an international investigation into an inmate 's death . Palestinian officials told CNN that Jaradat is the 203rd Palestinian to die in Israeli prisons since 1967 . He was buried Monday near his home in the West Bank as dozens of masked members of al-Aqsa Martyr 's Brigade -- the armed wing of Fatah -- fired rifles in the air in protest . "  They killed him only in five days , " his sister told Palestinian TV . "  They kidnapped him from life . Oh , my dear little brother ! Oh , my love ! " A Palestinian official sent a warning Sunday to U.S. President Barack Obama , who plans to make his first trip to Israel as president next month . "  If President Obama wants to visit the region peacefully , he should exert pressure on Israel to release the prisoners -- especially the ones who are on hunger strike -- or else he will visit while Palestine is on fire , " Minister of Prisoner Affairs Issa Qaraqe said . Israeli officials Sunday called on the Palestinian Authority to calm the territories , where there have been large protests in recent days over the conditions of Palestinian prisoners . Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu 's liaison with Palestinians , Yitzhak Molco , passed on the demand for calm to the Palestinian Authority , Israeli government officials said . Jaradat 's death came amid a fury -- and a series of questions -- surrounding the death of a prisoner in 2010 , referred to as "  Prisoner X. " Details came to light in recent days after a court document was released . Jaradat had been held for interrogation since Monday for a 2011 incident in which an Israeli citizen was injured by rock-throwing Palestinian protestors . Jaradat confessed , Israeli security sources said . Human Rights Watch called on Israel on Saturday to "  immediately charge or release Palestinians detained without charge or trial for prolonged periods . " Palestinian prisoners in Israeli detention are one of many flashpoints in the Middle East conflict . Prisoners have launched hunger strikes in the past in hopes of bringing attention to their cause and pushing Israel to ease conditions or allow some prisoners to leave . Israeli officials have said that prisoners include members of extremist groups who have "  blood on their hands . " In October 2011 , Israel freed more than 1,000 Palestinian prisoners -- including hundreds serving life sentences for attacks on Israelis -- in exchange for one person : Israeli soldier Gilad Shalit , who had been held by Hamas for more than five years . "  The United Nations appeals for maximum restraint by all parties to prevent further violence . The United Nations will continue engaging with the parties on the ground with a view to finding a solution that addresses the plight of prisoners and preserves the calm , " Monday 's U.N. statement said . CNN 's Kareem Khadder reported from Jerusalem ; Steve Almasy wrote the story in Atlanta .	Arafat Jaradat had been detained for five days when he died Palestinian president says Israelis killed him Israeli officials say he had previous injuries , call for calm U.N. calls for transparent investigation into death
Jakarta , Indonesia  CNN  -- The death toll from recent eruptions of Indonesia 's Mount Merapi volcano has climbed to 273 , government officials said Wednesday . The toll keeps rising as rescuers search for victims of the volcano , which started its recent eruptions on October 26 . The government 's volcano alert level remains at its highest level , though officials said last week that the worst might be over . The recent eruptions displaced nearly 400,000 people , according to the Disaster Management Agency . On Wednesday , 300,957 people remained in temporary shelters . Merapi , which looms on the horizon north of the major city of Yogyakarta , is on the island of Java . President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono has called the volcanic eruptions a crisis situation . He and several ministers have visited the area and taken part in relief efforts . The volcano has a summit elevation of almost 3,000 meters  10,000 feet  . It is one of Indonesia 's most active volcanoes and lies in one of the world 's most densely populated areas . Many people raise crops and livestock in its shadow . Yudhoyono has announced that residents will receive compensation for livelihoods and animals lost to the eruptions . The government will buy endangered cows on the volcano , the president said . Many of those who live on its slopes risked their lives by staying or returning to feed their cows during lulls in the volcanic activity . About 1,300 people died when the volcano erupted in 1930 . CNN 's Andy Saputra and Kathy Quiano contributed to this report .	The toll keeps rising as rescuers search for victims Mount Merapi 's recent eruptions began on October 26 The government 's volcano alert level remains at its highest level The worst might be over , though , officials say
CNN  -- Rescue authorities reported all five people aboard a small sightseeing plane were killed when it crashed in a mountainous area of southeast Alaska on Tuesday , a Princess Cruises spokeswoman said . The five included the plane 's pilot and four Sun Princess cruise ship passengers , who were on the second day of a weeklong , round-trip cruise from Seattle , Washington , spokeswoman Julie Benson said in a statement . The pilot sent out a distress signal late Tuesday afternoon while on a planned tour of Misty Fjords National Monument , south of Juneau near Ketchikan , Alaska , according to Benson . When the single-engine DeHavilland Beaver did not return , "  rescue helicopters were dispatched to the location of the flight seeing route , " Benson said . "  These helicopters subsequently spotted the float plane which ... crashed in rugged terrain . " No additional information was immediately released , but Benson said the company was working closely with local authorities to investigate the circumstances of the crash . Meanwhile , Princess Cruises has permanently canceled all excursions with the tour company Taquan Air , operator of the plane , Benson said . "  We are devastated to report that our passengers and the plane 's pilot perished in the accident , " Benson said . "  Our shoreside care team is doing everything possible to help their families through this difficult tragedy , and we share in their grief . " The passengers were among 1,950 people aboard the Sun Princess . Alaska State Trooper Jodi Williams identified the victims as pilot Joseph H. Campbell of Ketchikan and cruise ship passengers William F. Eddy and Jeanne J. Eddy of Jacksonville , Florida , and Marianne M. McManus and Paul J. McManus of Cherry Valley , Massachusetts . E-mail to a friend	Small plane crashes on sightseeing tour in mountainous area of Alaska Four cruise ship passengers and plane 's pilot killed Cruise line cancels future tours with company that operated plane
CNN  -- South African Archbishop Desmond Tutu said Sunday that Tony Blair and George W. Bush should be "  made to answer " at the International Criminal Court for their actions around the Iraq war . Writing in an op-ed published by The Observer newspaper , the Nobel laureate accused the former leaders of the United Kingdom and the United States of fabricating a motive to invade Iraq , namely that it possessed weapons of mass destruction , and said that they had acted like "  playground bullies . " "  The immorality of the United States and Great Britain 's decision to invade Iraq in 2003 , premised on the lie that Iraq possessed weapons of mass destruction , has destabilised and polarised the world to a greater extent than any other conflict in history , " wrote Tutu . "  In a consistent world , those responsible for this suffering and loss of life should be treading the same path as some of their African and Asian peers who have been made to answer for their actions in the Hague . " Read Desmond Tutu 's full op-ed piece Tutu detailed some of the costs of the war . More than 110,000 Iraqis have died in the conflict , while millions have been displaced , he said . Close to 4,500 U.S. soldiers have been killed and more than 32,000 wounded , Tutu added . "  But even greater costs have been exacted beyond the killing fields , in the hardened hearts and minds of members of the human family across the world , " he wrote . "  If it is acceptable for leaders to take drastic action on the basis of a lie , without an acknowledgement or an apology when they are found out , what should we teach our children ? " Last week , Tutu pulled out of a conference in Johannesburg to protest Blair 's attendance . Read more about Tutu 's withdrawal from conference The former prime minister responded to the editorial in a statement on his website . "  I have a great respect for Archbishop Tutu 's fight against apartheid -- where we were on the same side of the argument -- but to repeat the old canard that we lied about the intelligence is completely wrong as every single independent analysis of the evidence has shown , " said Blair . He said Iraq has a stronger economy now and a lower child mortality rate , but added : "  Surely in a healthy democracy people can agree to disagree . " Groups have called for a citizen 's arrest of Blair since he left office , with one website going as far as offering a reward to people who attempt to detain him . In 2010 , protesters called for Blair to face war crimes charges as he gave evidence to the Iraq inquiry in London . Blair has said concern over Iraq 's ambitions to develop weapons of mass destruction had been the main factor behind Britain 's decision to back the war . No significant caches of chemical or biological weapons have been found in Iraq since the invasion . Tutu , a champion for human rights , was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize in 1984 , and later chaired South Africa 's Truth and Reconciliation Commission to examine apartheid-era crimes . Iraq announces 21 people executed in one day Tutu : End the suffering in the Sudans	The Nobel laureate publishes a scathing editorial in The Observer newspaper He accuses Tony Blair and George W. Bush of fabricating a motive to invade Iraq Blair responds , saying they never lied about the intelligence Tutu pulled out of a conference in Johannesburg to protest Blair 's attendance last week
CNN  -- A new crispness in the air . The red , orange and yellow of the leaves changing colors . The crunch of the first few leaves on the ground . On that inevitable march toward winter , there are still a few weeks for the casual and determined leaf peeper alike to enjoy the leaves changing color before they fall . Never mind that it happens every year . "  It 's because it 's fleeting is why it 's new every year , " says Mel Allen , editor of Yankee Magazine . In each of his 33 years at the magazine leaf peeping has been a fall cover story . First day of autumn : Share your photos with iReport "  It 's fall and the leaves are becoming beautiful ; apple orchards ; and the hawks are flying overhead . It 's a sensual experience , " he says . "  If you were to talk to someone in New Orleans who had had 33 Mardi Gras , they 'd still be excited about it , " says Allen . "  This is our party . " Different shades of red , orange and yellow While evergreen trees such as pines and spruces have foliage that has evolved to survive extreme temperature changes , deciduous  broad-leaved  trees have evolved to drop their leaves and go dormant for the winter , says Ed Sharron , a science communication specialist with the National Park Service 's Northeast Temperate Network in Vermont . "  It 's such stark contrast , " says Sharron , who 's based at Marsh Billings Rockefeller National Historical Park in Woodstock , Vermont . "  There are different shades of green , of course , when you start to get that variation of oranges and reds and purples and greens all together . It 's pretty spectacular . " Ed Sharron : Why leaves change color Trees that "  have been stressed throughout the year by extensive drought or many other factors , they may decide to pack it in early and go dormant for the winter sooner than during a typical year , " Sharron says . "  This could cause their leaves to fall off sooner or be browner than normal . Every year is different and you never can tell how good the foliage season is going to be until it 's here . " The Northeast 's most popular sites Who cares if it 's clichÃ © to say that first-time leaf peepers should drive New Hampshire 's Kancamagus Highway ; visit Woodstock or Smuggler 's Notch in Vermont , or head north to Acadia National Park in Maine ? "  There 's a reason why they 're so popular , and these are places I try to go to every year , " says Jim Salge , a New Hampshire-based trained meteorologist and high school physics teacher who blogs about the fall foliage season for Yankee Magazine . If Salge has an extra day this year , he 'll head to Dixville Notch in far northern New Hampshire , where the leaves are likely to peak by late September . "  The mountains are really jagged and have a feel unlike anywhere else in the Northeast . " Photos : Fantastic fall foliage Between North and South Northern and Southern trees meet peacefully at the Delaware Water Gap National Recreation Area , a National Park Service area that includes the states of New Jersey and Pennsylvania . "  In the Delaware Gap I think we have some of the best fall foliage , " says Kathleen Sandt , a park ranger in the national recreation area . "  We are on the border of northern species that usually do n't come down south and the border for some of the trees that grow in the southern region . " The gap is also home to trees living at different elevations . There are sycamores , elms , maples , poplars on a fertile flood plain along the river . At higher elevations , there are various types of oaks and maples to see as hikers head up toward the mountains . Tree spotters may be pleased to spot the American larch , a deciduous conifer that is n't found much farther south . It 's a rare combination of a deciduous tree , which means it loses its leaves each fall ; and a conifer , which has needles and cones . In the fall the larch 's needles turn bright yellow and fall , like leaves . "  It grows in wetter areas in the park , and it 's spectacular in the fall , " Sandt says . Head north to Maine country Fall is Wanda Moran 's favorite season . The Acadia National Park ranger loves the cold and clear weather that is already coming to the Maine island . "  It smells like fall , the leaves start turning and it gets really pretty , " says Moran , a Mainer by birth . "  It 's a beautiful time to be here , and it 's a nice hiking and biking time . " Prime leaf peeping season varies a lot throughout the state , she says . Trees are likely to change colors in Northern Maine during the last week in September , while central and Western Maine leaves will likely peak the first week in October . The coast usually peaks the week of Columbus Day and the week after , and Acadia will peak the second or third week in October . Moran 's favorite spot at Acadia : "  Beech Mountain is a nice place to climb if you want to get up high . It 's a pretty easy climb and you get beautiful views all together , looking way out into the ocean . " She also likes Baxter State Park and seeing the leaves on the drive from Ellsworth to Bangor on Route 1A . Leaf peeping out West Although New England tends to dominate articles about leaf peeping , it 's rumored that trees in colder parts of the rest of the United States also have leaves that change colors . As Colorado heads toward ski season , its national parks are starting to burst into fall colors . Rocky Mountain National Park is known for Trail Ridge Road , where aspen trees at lower elevations transform to gold among the evergreens .  Trail Ridge Road is also included in Peak to Peak , a state-designated scenic byway . Colorado 's White River National Forest , home to the heavily photographed Maroon Bells and 10 ski areas , is also packed with beautiful leaf peeping areas . It 's also the current home of this year 's Capitol Christmas Tree . Check the impressive evergreens out while they 're still firmly rooted . Not surprisingly , New Mexico 's five national forests also pack a lot of fall foliage at varying elevations . Carson National Forest is home to Wheeler Peak , which at 13,161 feet is the highest spot in New Mexico . Santa Fe National Forest 's 1.6 million acres includes 13,103-foot-high Truchas Peak , within the Pecos Wilderness . Do n't stress about "  peak foliage " Many veteran peepers go searching for the perfect "  peak foliage " moment in Vermont  or Maine or Massachusetts  when the leaves are the perfect combination of red , brown , orange and yellow , where the red farm house in the distance is perfectly in contrast and the apple cider tastes just crisp enough . "  It 's a mythical term , " Yankee Magazine 's Allen says . "  There is no such thing . " Fifteen miles down the road , the leaves may have already fallen and another 15 miles down the road , the leaves may not be ready to fall . "  Think it of it as a continuum and make it a journey . " Five fabulous fall foliage train rides Where are your favorite places to find fall foliage ? Does your family have any other fall traditions to mark the end of summer , the harvest and the start of winter ?	Fall 's fleeting foliage season keeps people coming back to see more Head to New Hampshire , Vermont or Maine for the most famous fall foliage sites Do n't forget the mountain ranges of the Western United States have spectacular fall seasons
Rome  CNN  -- Vatican police who searched the apartments of the pope 's former butler , Paolo Gabriele , as they investigated a suspected leak told a court Wednesday how they found more than 1,000 important documents among a stash of hundreds of thousands . Among them were original papers signed by Pope Benedict XVI , some of them stamped with an order for destruction , according to a briefing from the small pool of journalists allowed to attend the trial in a Vatican courthouse . The former butler declared himself innocent Tuesday of a charge of aggravated theft in connection with leaked documents -- but said he had abused the pope 's trust . Testifying Wednesday , Officer Silvano Carli said that among the huge quantity of documents found in Gabriele 's possession , "  more than 1,000 , both original and photocopies , were of interest . " Police also found many newspaper clippings and printouts from Internet searches , the court heard . Much of the material had a religious or spiritual theme , touching on Buddhism , Christianity , Catholicism and yoga . Other articles concerned Freemasonry . The four officers said that it had taken them almost eight hours to search through the papers accumulated by Gabriele and that they had found "  important " documents mixed in with irrelevant material as if it "  had been hidden . " As well as the documents , a gold nugget belonging to the pope and a check made out to the pontiff were found in a shoebox . Pope 's butler leaked papers to shock ` corrupt ' Church , prosecutor says The officers said they had searched the apartment mainly for documents and did not give "  much weight " to the discovery of the gold nugget and signed check because they "  knew that it was Gabriele 's job to handle the gifts the pope received during his trips . " They also seized a couple of computers , an iPad , a hard drive and USB drives . In total , 82 boxes of evidence were collected from Gabriele 's apartments in Vatican City and Castel Gondolfo , a small town near Rome . Gabriele has previously admitted taking hundreds of secret papers from the pope 's personal apartment and passing them to an Italian journalist . The evidence heard Wednesday is expected to be the last before the trial wraps up Saturday , when the prosecutor and defense lawyer are due to give their closing statements and rebuttals . Gabriele also has the right to speak again before the three lay judges retire to consider their verdict , which could come Saturday . He asserted his innocence during his own testimony Tuesday , but added : "  I feel guilty of having betrayed the trust that the Holy Father gave me . " Gabriele insists that he made no personal gain from collecting the documents and that he had no accomplices . He said he wanted to expose the "  disconcerting atmosphere " within the Vatican . Vatican scandals lift lid on secret power struggle Corruption claims resulting from the publication of a book based on the leaked materials rocked the hierarchy of the Roman Catholic Church and could even affect who becomes the next pope . If convicted of aggravated theft , Gabriele could face up to eight years in an Italian prison , although it is possible the pontiff could pardon him . Computer technician Claudio Sciarpelletti , who worked in the Vatican 's secretariat of state , is accused of complicity in the crime . The court will try him separately , once the former butler 's trial is finished . Sciarpelletti would face a shorter prison term of only a few months if found guilty . Prison terms handed down by the court are served in the Italian prison system , under an agreement between the Vatican city-state and Italy . Gabriele was arrested in May , following a top-level Vatican investigation into how the pope 's private documents appeared in the best-selling book "  Sua Santita "  "  His Holiness "  , by Italian journalist Gianluigi Nuzzi . The Vatican called the publication of his book "  criminal " when it was released in Italian .	Police found more than 1,000 important documents in Paolo Gabriele 's possession Among them were original documents signed by Pope Benedict XVI Many newspaper clippings and printouts touched on religious and spiritual topics Gabriele says he is innocent of aggravated theft charge but abused the pope 's trust
At one point in the 2012 presidential campaign , each of Mitt Romney 's tweets had to be approved by nearly two dozen aides in the lead-up to the Republican 's loss to President Barack Obama , a new study says . The figure is included in a University of North Carolina study published Friday . The study cites Caitlin Checkett , Romney 's digital integration director , who says that each post -- on Twitter , Facebook , the campaign 's blog or elsewhere -- had to be approved by an ever-growing roster of the campaign 's operatives . "  Towards the end of the campaign that was 22 individuals who had to approve it . ... The digital team unfortunately did not have the opportunity to think of things on their own and post them . ... The downfall of that of course is as fast as we are moving it can take a little bit of time to get that approval to happen , " she says . Romney 's digital director , Zac Moffatt , concurred , saying the campaign had "  the best tweets ever written by 17 people ... it was the best they all could agree on every single time . " That enough Romney aides to play a football game had to approve each tweet underscores major differences in approaches between Obama 's digitally-savvy campaign and the clunkier operations it defeated -- including Hillary Clinton in the 2008 Democratic primary and Romney in 2012 . The study 's author is Daniel Kreiss , an assistant professor at the University of North Carolina who researches political communication . He wrote that "  in contrast to the Obama campaign , Romney 's digital team had to go through an extensive vetting process for all of its public communications , meaning that the temporal workflow of the campaign did not match the speed of social media . " Kreiss wrote that the Romney campaign 's digital team felt undermined by its lack of autonomy . By the campaign 's conclusion , he wrote , Romney staffers were repackaging press releases for use on social media because they knew that language had already been green-lighted .	A new study says each Mitt Romney tweet had to be approved by 22 campaign staffers The study cites Caitlin Checkett , Romney 's digital integration director The study highlights the different approaches by the Romney and Obama campaigns in 2012
CNN  -- A Minnesota middle school student , with the backing of the American Civil Liberties Union , is suing her school district over a search of her Facebook and e-mail accounts by school employees . The 12-year-old sixth grade student , identified in court documents only as R.S. , was on two occasions punished for statements she made on her Facebook account , and was also pressured to divulge her password to school officials , the complaint states . "  R.S. was intimidated , frightened , humiliated and sobbing while she was detained in the small school room " as she watched a counselor , a deputy , and another school employee pore over her private communications . The lawsuit claims that her First Amendment rights were violated by employees at Minnewaska Area Middle School , in west-central Minnesota , as well as her Fourth Amendment rights regarding unreasonable search and seizure . The Minnewaska School District denies any wrongdoing . "  The district did not violate R.S. 's civil rights , and disputes the one-sided version of events set forth in the complaint written by the ACLU , " according to a district statement . According to the complaint , R.S. felt that one of the school 's adult hall monitors was picking on her , so she wrote on her Facebook "  wall " that she hated that person because she was mean . The message was not posted from school property or using any school equipment or connections , the lawsuit states . Somehow , the school principal got a hold of a screenshot of the message , and punished R.S. with detention and made her apologize to the hall monitor , the complaint says . She was in trouble again shortly thereafter for another Facebook post , which asked who turned her in , using an expletive for effect , the lawsuit says . She was given in school suspension and missed a class ski trip . In the third incident , according to the complaint , R.S. was called in by school officials after the guardian of another student complained that R.S. had had a conversation about sex on Facebook . The girl was called to a meeting with a deputy sheriff , school counselor and an unidentified school employee , the court documents states . There , she was "  intimidated " into giving up her login and passwords to her Facebook and e-mail accounts , the lawsuit says . "  R.S. was extremely nervous and being called out of class and being interrogated , " the lawsuit says . The officials did not have permission from R.S. 's mother to view her private communications , and they gave the girl a hard time about some of the material they discovered , the lawsuit states . "  Students do not shed their First Amendment rights at the school house gate , " Charles Samuelson , executive director for the ACLU in Minnesota , said in a statement . "  The Supreme Court ruled on that in the 1970s , yet schools like Minnewaska seem to have no regard for the standard . " The school district maintains that such searches did not cross any boundaries . "  The district is confident that once all facts come to light , the district 's conduct will be found to be reasonable and appropriate , " the district said .	A Minnesota school is accused of humiliating a young girl A lawsuit says they violated her free speech The school district says its actions were reasonable
Seoul  CNN  -- President Barack Obama arrives in South Korea on Friday looking to bolster ties with an ally at a moment when it 's reeling from a ferry disaster that killed 180 people at last count . Obama , as he often does at home as "  consoler-in-chief , " will offer support to survivors and victims ' families as he pauses from the policy and diplomatic demands of his week-long trip to Asia . Last week , Obama called the disaster "  heartbreaking , " a gesture that was noted and well received within the government in Seoul . The capsizing of the ferry Sewol carrying almost 500 people , including high school students on a field trip , has occupied most of South Korean President Park Guen-hye 's time over the past week . Park has confronted outcry from South Koreans who want answers on why the ferry turned over . A criminal investigation is underway . The ferry disaster will no doubt overshadow some part the original intent of Obama 's visit -- to reinforce ties with a strong U.S. ally in the increasingly important Asia-Pacific region . United front against North Korea Both countries want to display a united front against North Korea , which in recent days has stepped up activity at its main nuclear test site -- possibly in preparation for another underground blast . The North Korean Foreign Ministry this week described Obama 's trip to Seoul as "  a reactionary and dangerous one as it is aimed to escalate confrontation and bring dark clouds of a nuclear arms race to hang over this unstable region . " Obama , speaking Thursday , called on North Korea "  to start changing your behavior . " "  They are the most isolated country in the world . They are subject to more international sanctions and international condemnation than any country in the world . As a consequence , their people suffer as much as any peoples in the world , " he said . Aims to reassure Pacific allies Obama headed to Seoul from Tokyo , where a formal state visit -- complete with a royal audience and a black-tie dinner -- was meant to exhibit strong ties between Japan and the United States . White House officials hope the week-long trip to Asia will reassure Pacific allies the U.S. remains committed to turning its foreign policy focus to them . But he has few tangible "  deliverables " to take home . In Tokyo at a news conference with Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe , Obama was pressed on whether he would use military force to defend an obscure set of islands controlled by Japan that are at the heart of a heated regional dispute with China . He said the U.S. security pact with Japan does extend to the islands -- known as Diaoyu to the Chinese -- and insisted his implicit offer to defend them against any Chinese incursion did not amount to drawing a red line around the contested land . "  The treaty between the U.S. and Japan preceded my birth , so this is n't a red line that I 'm drawing , " Obama said . "  There 's no shift in position , no red line . Were simply applying the treaty . " Obama plays soccer with robot The group of islands and rocks jutting out of the ocean is tiny and uninhabited . But the long-standing dispute over them has sent tempers flaring in Beijing and Tokyo , especially in recent years . The area around them in the South China Sea between Taiwan and Okinawa is believed to be rich in oil resources . Senkaku is administered by the Japanese , but the Chinese claim they are the rightful owners . The possibility of a war over the islands has been a thorn in the side of the United States , which says it is obligated by the common security agreement to back Japan . Obama repeatedly urged that Japan and China seek a peaceful resolution through dialogue . A pivot to Russia and Syria In his second term , Obama has had limited success in issuing ultimatums in the hopes of halting aggression from nations like Russia and Syria . But he seized on the line of questioning over the islands to defend his handling of the crisis in Ukraine and Syria 's bloody civil war . Warning a new round of sanctions against Russia are "  teed up , " the President said he doubts Moscow will honor its commitment last week in Geneva to deescalate tensions in eastern Ukraine . "  Do I think they are going to do that ? So far , the evidence does n't make me hopeful , " Obama said at the news conference , acknowledging Russia has yet to reverse course in the face of mounting economic pressure . But on Syria , Obama said his policy of diplomacy first had a direct effect on the removal of 87 % of that country 's chemical weapons stockpiles . "  The fact that we did n't have to fire a missile to get that accomplished is not a failure to uphold those international norms -- it 's a success , " Obama said . Asked if he was confident with Obama 's assurances on Japan 's security , Abe pointed to Obama 's leadership in rallying the G-7 economic powers to apply sanctions on Russia . The missing plane Seoul is the first of two stops on Obama 's tour where citizens are coming to grips with major transportation disasters -- on Saturday Obama flies to Malaysia , where government officials continue to search in vain for the Malaysian Airlines jetliner that disappeared more than a month ago . Those officials have come under withering censure , accused of botching the search and keeping family members of those on board in the dark . So far the White House has avoided faulting Malaysian leaders for the efforts , instead highlighting the U.S. efforts to help locate the plane . Obama has spoken publicly about the missing plane only once , during an interview in mid-March , offering U.S. assets to help in the search . Read Longtime rivals China and Japan deploy Harry Potter villain in latest spat CNN 's Kevin Liptak and Serena Dong in Beijing contributed to this report .	President Obama to offer condolences to families of ferry victims Capsizing of ferry that so far has killed 180 people will overshadow his visit to S. Korea In Japan , Obama defended his foreign policy moves on Syria , Ukraine Obama is on a week-long trip to Asia to reassure Pacific allies on several fronts
Mashable  -- Ca n't get enough of Mark Zuckerberg ? Well , if the upcoming movie "  The Social Network " does n't sate your desire for the Facebook founder , he 's slated to star in his own comic book come December . Bluewater Productions -- a Canadian production company specializing in comic books , graphic novels and multimedia that has previously told the tales of celebs like William Shatner , Roger Corman , Ray Harryhausen and Vincent Price , among other luminaries -- plans to release "  Mark Zuckerberg : Creator of Facebook " as a 48-page saga that seeks to answer the question : "  Who is the real Mark Zuckerberg ? " Is he the philanthropist who recently donated $ 100 million to public schools in Newark ? Or is he the darker character we 're all anxiously awaiting meeting in David Fincher 's "  The Social Network " ? "  Rightly or wrongly , Mark dealt harshly with some people on his way to where he is today " , says comic book author Jerome Maida . "  As we see , he left many people feeling betrayed . I try my best to be fair here . No one is totally innocent in this story . I try to represent each of the major players ' point of view . " Zuckerberg has become a figure of massive public interest over the last couple of years as Facebook has reaped both praise and torrents of criticism . It will be interesting to see how history looks back at this period in the coming years -- we 'll certainly have a trove of source material in the archives if this Zuckerberg-centric storytelling trend continues . © 2013 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg slated to star in his own comic book Comic book to be produced by Bluewater Productions from Canada The "  Mark Zuckerberg : Creator of Facebook " will be a 48-page saga
CNN  -- A Florida police sergeant was fired for possessing several so-called Trayvon Martin shooting targets , authorities said Saturday . Sgt. Ron King of Port Canaveral Police Department was fired Friday after an internal review investigated how he offered the hoodie paper shooting targets to two fellow officers , said John Walsh , interim CEO of the Canaveral Port Authority . The officers , who saw King with the targets in his police vehicle , declined the offer , Walsh said . "  Port Canaveral Police Department considers that behavior unacceptable , " Walsh said of King 's conduct . King could n't be immediately reached for comment . In February 2012 , Martin , 17 , was shot and killed in Sanford , Florida , by George Zimmerman , a neighborhood watch captain who is awaiting trial on a second-degree murder charge in Martin 's death . Zimmerman 's lawyer worries brother 's tweets could hurt defense Martin family attorney Ben Crump condemned the use of the targets . "  It is absolutely reprehensible that a high-ranking member of the Port Canaveral Police , sworn to protect and serve Floridians , would use the image of a dead child as target practice , " Crump said in a statement . "  Such a deliberate and depraved indifference to this grieving family is unacceptable . " Report : Martin 's family settles with homeowners association Walsh said the Canaveral Port Authority plans to apologize to the Martin family . King brought two of the targets to a firearms training session on April 4 at the Brevard Community College campus in Cocoa , Florida , CNN affiliate WFTV reported . King , who bought the targets on the Internet , and other officers at the training site were on duty at the time , the affiliate said . Port officials said King had been employed at the police department since January 2011 , the affiliate said . Zimmerman 's arrest ` solely to placate the masses , ' mother writes on anniversary CNN 's John Branch contributed to this report .	A Port Canaveral Police sergeant has paper hoodie shooting targets in his police car He offers the so-called Trayvon Martin targets to two other officers , who say no Sergeant is fired after an internal investigation "  It is absolutely reprehensible , " Martin family attorney says
CNN  -- Kauto Star made racing history on Boxing Day by claiming his fifth King George VI Chase victory at Kempton Park , the first horse to achieve the feat in the 74-year history of the famous race . The 11-year-old gelding , trained by champion trainer Paul Nicholls and ridden by Irishman Ruby Walsh , took up the running from the halfway stage of the three-mile contest to finish ahead of last year 's winner Long Run , with Captain Chris back in third place . Kauto Star won the race four years in succession , from 2006 to 2009 , but was well beaten last year by the younger Long Run , and retirement beckoned after Long Run , five years his junior , also proved victorious in jump racing 's Blue Riband chase -- the Cheltenham Gold Cup -- last March . However , Kauto Star beat his rival in their prep race at Haydock Park earlier this season , and he confirmed his resurgent form with a comfortable victory on Monday , ensuring the 2012 Cheltenham Gold Cup will once again prove an intriguing clash between the pair . Kauto Star and Desert Orchid  1986 , 1988 , 1989 , 1990  shared the previous record of four victories in the race -- the second most prestigious level-weights chase on the National Hunt calendar -- but this victory means he is now out on his own with a remarkable five successes . "  It 's amazing , he is just the best , " Nicholls told reporters . "  We knew we had him in serious order today and if he gets to Cheltenham in that form he 'll be the one to beat in the Gold Cup . " Kauto Star has twice won the Cheltenham Gold Cup , in 2007 and again in 2009 when he became the first horse in history to regain the trophy . However , he will turn 12 on New Year 's Day and only two horses in the 87-year history of the race have won it at that age .	Kauto Star makes history with his fifth King George VI Chase victory The 11-year-old beat last year 's winner Long Run at a packed Kempton Park Kauto Star and Desert Orchid had shared the previous record of four wins
New York  CNN  -- The New York Police Department denies it is actively searching for the mysterious street and graffiti artist known as Banksy , according to a spokeswoman . Yet , New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg suggested Banksy is breaking the law with his guerrilla art exhibits . Annette Markowski , an NYPD public information officer , told CNN police have not launched an investigation of Banksy because they have not received any complaints of vandalism related to the artist . Every day this month , Banksy has been unveiling new works of art around New York . The works are then announced on his website . Some of the surprise exhibits are stencils spray-painted on streets and walls of buildings . Others have included whimsical mobile displays transported on trucks , an animated YouTube video and , on Wednesday , a performance art piece involving a dirt-smeared boy shining the shoes of a life-sized statue of Ronald McDonald outside one of the fast-food chains franchises . Big-ticket graffiti artist Banksy says he offered paintings for $ 60 in Central Park "  Graffiti does ruin people 's property and is a sign of decay and loss of control , " Bloomberg said at a press conference Wednesday , when asked by journalists about Banksy 's street art . "  Running up to somebody 's property or public property and defacing it is not my definition of art . Or it may be art but it should not be permitted . I think that 's exactly what the law says , " Bloomberg continued . He said the city 's Department of Cultural Affairs would look into the matter . On Thursday , the unidentified artist published a photo on his website of the front page of the New York Post with the headline "  Get Banksy ! NYPD hunts artist . " "  I do n't read what I believe in the papers , " the artist wrote in a caption below the photo . Could the next Banksy come from Dubai ?	The street and graffiti artist known as Banksy has been active in New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg calls graffiti "  a sign of decay and loss of control " But police say they are not actively looking for Banksy
CNN  -- The horseback riders braving the rugged Idaho wilderness came upon the older man and younger female and sized them up on the spot : A pair of greenhorns , square pegs in hard country . "  They just really did n't fit very well , " rider Mark John said Monday on CNN 's "  New Day . " "  The expressions on their face , their demeanor , just did n't fit that country . " After the riders got home , they turned on the TV and realized they had stumbled upon the objects of an intense manhunt across the West . An image of the girl was in an Amber Alert , the child abduction alert system . She turned out to be 16-year-old Hannah Anderson , the teen taken captive by a family friend , James DiMaggio . Troopers from California to Idaho had been hunting them down for about a week . The riders contacted Idaho state police and their tip over the weekend sent FBI agents swarming to the camping spot outside Cascade , in central Idaho . Hannah was rescued . DiMaggio died in a confrontation with an FBI agent . DiMaggio 's fascination with Hannah Anderson Out in the wild , the four riders , Mark and Christa John and Mike and Mary Young , briefly interacted with the pair . Their presence just did n't seem to add up , the Johns said . They used brand-new camping equipment , and the girl wore pajama-like bottoms in a place that required different clothes , the riders said over the weekend . The look on her face ? Scared , Mike Young said . "  They were n't dressed for the country or the area and then as we rode further on , we encountered the tent that they had set up , which was totally out of place . it was way on top of a mountain , looked like it would make a real good lightning rod . So we was discussing the fact that they did n't fit there , that something was wrong , " John told "  New Day . " Christa John , also interviewed on "  New Day , " said she was inclined to go over to the girl and see if she needed help . But she refrained . Teen rescued , suspect killed "  Mark says , you know , maybe he had a feeling being in law enforcement for all those years and in the military , he had a feeling I should n't maybe do that , " she said . "  I did want to make contact with her . In retrospect , I 'm glad that I did n't because that could have turned out terribly wrong for all of us . " However , she did speak to the man . "  I did talk to him about why he was there in this far-out place and he said she got to pick where we went last year . She wanted to go to Los Angeles and to Hollywood so this year it was my turn and that was a good explanation for me , " she said . The riders underscored the importance of Amber Alerts and what law enforcement always preaches to citizens : Be vigilant . "  People need to be aware and observant , " Mary Young said on "  New Day . " "  Otherwise we would have missed turning in that information . " Christa John says it 's better to call law enforcement and "  be wrong about the situation than not make it at all . " She said everyone has a "  God-given feeling " when they sense wrongdoing . "  Act on it , " she said . "  You are usually right . " Reports : Suspect 's father once held teen at gunpoint	Their "  demeanor " and "  expressions " were out of place , a rider says The girl seen by riders in central Idaho was the object of an Amber Alert "  People need to be aware and observant , " another rider says
Tournament favorites Spain have suffered one of the biggest upsets in Olympic football history , losing 1-0 to Japan at Glasgow 's Hampden Park on Thursday . Brazil got their Olympics started with a 3-2 win over Egypt in Cardiff , whilst Team GB , playing their first Olympic football tournament since 1960 , began with a 1-1 draw with Senegal . In the afternoon kick off , Spain fell to a goal from Yuki Otsu , who found the net in the 33rd minute , thumping the ball home from a corner . Things got worse for Luis Milla 's Spain side as Real Sociedad defender Inigo Martinez was shown a red card minutes before half time . Spain 's Olympic squad has been expected to add Olympic gold to the country 's already impressive collection of titles . The Spanish team recently won its second consecutive European Championship , to add to the 2010 World Cup won in South Africa . Spain also hold the European under 19 and under 21 titles . The European champions enjoyed more of the ball throughout the 90 minutes but they struggled to deal with the pace of Japan 's attacks , with David De Gea , Manchester United 's young goalkeeper , keeping his country in contention with several fine saves . Japan , who upset the odds when they beat favorites Brazil at the 1996 Atlanta Games , could have extended their lead as Spain chased a goal , but Nagai and Hotaru Yamaguchi both failed to convert easy chances . Brazil demonstrated why many feel they are the team to challenge Spain for the gold medal , with an explosive opening 26 minutes that saw the South American side take a 3-0 lead against Egypt . The much lauded Neymar drove a fluid attacking performance . It was Neymar , who still plays in Brazil despite repeatedly being linked with some of Europe 's biggest clubs , that provided a perfect pass for full back Rafael to open the scoring , before in the 16th minute , providing a low cross that invited Leandro Damiao to double the lead . With 26 minutes gone the 20 year old surged through the Egypt defence before exchanging passes with Hulk , on the left wing , and burying the ball past goalkeeper Ahmed Elshenawi . The five time World champions struggled to continue their dominance in the second half , with Egypt captain Mohamed Aboutrika pulling a goal back in the 52nd minute . Mohamed Salah increased the pressure on Brazil , who are seeking to win their first Olympic football gold medal , with his goal 14 minutes from the end , but Egypt could n't find an equalizer . Brazil vs. Spain - who will win Olympic gold ? In the evening 's other Group C game , Belarus enjoyed a 1-0 victory over New Zealand , with Dmitry Baga scoring the winning goal . New Zealand goalkeeper Michael O'Keefe failed to clear a corner on the stroke of half time , and Baga was left with a simple header to give his side the lead . The reformed Great Britain side , who have n't competed in the Olympic football competition since 1960 , made a steady , if uninspiring , Olympic return at Old Trafford , Manchester . Craig Bellamy opened the scoring for the host nation in the 20th minute , but Stuart Pearce 's team could n't find a second goal . With eight minutes to go , Senegal striker Moussa Konate pulled his side level with a goal against the run of play . Senegal broke quickly after intercepting a poor Great Britain corner , and Konate did well to reach a through ball from Pepe Souare and chip it over the onrushing Britain goalkeeper . Current South American champions Uruguay got their Olympics off to a good start with a 2-1 win over the United Arab Emirates . UAE took a surprise lead when captain Ismael Matar took the ball around Uruguay goalkeeper Matin Campana and slotted it into the bottom corner . Uruguay talisman Luis Suarez dragged his side back into the tie , with a key role in both Gaston Ramirez 's equalizer and Nicola Lodeiro 's winner . Uruguay 's three points sees them top Group A , with Great Britain and Senegal following with a point a piece . Earlier in the day , Spain 's group rivals Honduras and Morocco got the men 's tournament underway with a 2-2 draw . the result ensured Spain are bottom of the group after the first round of matches . Abdelaziz Barrad opened the scoring for Morrocco , before Honduran forward Jerry Bengtson equalized with a close range tap in . Bengtson , who plays for New England Revolution in the U.S. , then put his side ahead with a 65th minute penalty . The lead only lasted two minutes though , Zakaria Labyad chipping the ball over Honduras goalkeepr Jose Mendoza in the 67th minute . Moments later Morocco 's Zakarya Bergdich was sent off for kicking out at Mario Martinez , but the African side managed to hold on for a point . Mexico and South Korea got Group B underway with a goalless draw at St. James ' Park , Newcastle . Substitute Raul Jimenez struck the post for Mexico in injury time , while South Korea captain Jacheol Koo went close with a glancing header . It was a disappointing game between two sides with genuine hopes of making it to the knockout stages . In the other Group B game , Gabon and Switzerland tied 1-1 after Pierre Aubameyang saved a point for the African side after Admir Mehmedi gave the Swiss side the lead with a fifth minute penalty .	Japan stun Spain with 1-0 victory Brazil begin with 3-2 win over Egypt After 62 year wait , Team GB can only manage draw with Senegal Luis Suarez inspired Uruguay beat UAE 2-1
CNN  -- The distance between the Maidan in downtown Kiev , Ukraine , and the WhatsApp headquarters in downtown Mountain View , California , is 6,139 miles . This quite long distance , however , is bridged by another figure : the number 19 . On February 19 , after months of protests in Kiev 's center spiraled out of control , a de facto state of emergency took effect in Ukraine , eventually leading to the ouster of President Viktor Yanukovych . In Silicon Valley , February 19 marked a turning point for WhatsApp founder Jan Koum , who signed a $ 19 billion deal to sell his company to Facebook . For Ukraine , that same $ 19 billion would be the answer to its short-term bond debt and gas bills . Though a mere coincidence , the fact that one country 's economic lifeline could be equal in cost to the purchase of a mobile messaging app in another exemplifies that the real distance between the Maidan and Mountain View is not geographic . Before Jan Koum was a billionaire and long before he was a Silicon Valley technology executive , he was Ukrainian . Koum , born in a village outside of Kiev , emigrated from a politically unstable Ukraine as a teenager . At the turn of the 20th century , my very own Kiev-born great-grandfather made a similar choice . Disillusioned with authoritarianism , he became an anarchist at a time when anarchism was not a meme for punk rockers and skateboarders , but an actual political movement . He eventually made his way to Chicago , where he started a small business . There are others like my grandfather and Koum in Ukraine . I 've seen first-hand the potential and technological savvy of the Ukrainian people . I was blown away by Enable Talk -- a project from four Ukrainian student developers who created gloves that translate sign language into speech . Enable Talk took home the first prize at the Microsoft Imagine Cup competition in 2012 , and Time magazine named it one of the best inventions of the year . ` We were trapped ' : Eyewitness to the massacre in Kiev According to the Central and Eastern European Outsourcing Association , Ukraine is the No. 1 outsourcing destination in the region for information-technology services . Tech companies in Silicon Valley , London and Berlin are teeming with Ukrainian engineers -- Ukraine 's hackers-for-hire are some of the best in the world . But such burgeoning innovators , held back by dysfunctional governance in their country , have not been able to enjoy the kind of success that WhatsApp is realizing today . At the very moment Koum and Mark Zuckerberg were finalizing their deal , female entrepreneurs in Ukraine were preparing for an event called Startup Weekend Kyiv , meant to take place in the capital last weekend . The group 's website now reads : "  Due to political turmoil this event has been postponed . " Mired in corruption , kleptocracy and authoritarianism , Ukraine has not nurtured the Koums of its future . A long history of scientific and technological excellence shows that Ukraine-born talent usually realizes its full potential after leaving Ukraine 's political environment behind . Nearly 100 years ago , Kiev-born Igor Sikorsky immigrated to the United States following the Bolshevik Revolution . He founded the Sikorsky Aircraft Corporation , where he built the first successful helicopter . Seventy years later , Max Levchin 's family , also hailing from Kiev , sought political asylum in Chicago . In 1998 , Levchin founded a company we all know well -- PayPal . In Ukraine , the hope is that the days of fleeing political turmoil are coming to an end and that the possibility of new leadership will be a move toward a more functional democracy , less corruption , and more realized potential . But whatever early promise there is in Kiev can quickly be lost if unrest in Crimea spreads . There will be a new wave of emigration out of the Crimea region if it becomes the staging ground of a proxy conflict between Russia and the West . Whatever happens , for Americans , Koum 's Ukrainian roots should also serve as a reminder that we live in a nation of immigrants , that a continual wave of immigration is what fuels our economy . When Koum and his mother immigrated to Mountain View in 1992 , they subsisted on food stamps and welfare . Koum barely graduated from high school and dropped out of college . He taught himself computer networking from used book store manuals and created WhatsApp in 2009 . In 20 years , Koum went from food stamps to billionaire , epitomizing the American dream , yet he is exactly the type of immigrant that opponents of immigration reform say they do not want in America . As our nation continues to tackle the important issue of immigration reform , we need to remember that successful companies are not always founded by the immigrants with a master 's degree in hand . Symbolically , Koum signed his $ 19 billion deal last week at the site where he once stood in line to collect food stamps . Like WhatsApp , 40 % of Fortune 500 companies were founded by immigrants or their children . In March 2013 , Koum tweeted about his adoptive homeland : "  WhatsApp Messenger : Made in USA . Land of the free and the home of the brave . " Ukraine 's new leaders would do well to recognize that it can be home to multibillion-dollar breakouts if it creates a functional environment for its innovators . America would do well to remember that it needs to welcome more families like the Koums if it is going to remain the global center of innovation . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Alec Ross .	Alec Ross notes that price paid to Ukraine-born Jan Koum equals Ukraine 's past due bills He says there 's long tradition of entrepreneurial success for Ukraine emigres to U.S. New regime in Ukraine could create an environment of opportunity , he says Ross : U.S. should recognize how vital immigrant entrepreneurs are to its future
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Sailors aboard a U.S. ocean surveillance ship reacted with a mix of bemusement and profanity to what they said was harassment by Chinese ships earlier this month , according to video released Friday by the Pentagon . The Navy says this shows a trawler crew member using a hook to try to snag the Impeccable 's towed acoustic array . "  Chinese aggression , from aboard the USNS Impeccable , " one member of the American ship 's crew is heard narrating . "  Details at 11 . " The Pentagon has raised concerns about a March 8 incident in which "  increasingly aggressive " Chinese ships harassed the Impeccable , an unarmed survey ship with a mostly civilian crew . China 's government accused the ship of violating Chinese and international laws during its patrols , which took place more than 100 miles off the Chinese coast . "  The U.S. claims are gravely in contravention of the facts and confuse black and white and they are totally unacceptable to China , " Ma Zhaoxu , a Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman , said after news of the incident emerged . Five Chinese vessels shadowed the Impeccable , with two of them closing to within 25 feet while their crews waved Chinese flags and stripped down to their underwear in a sign of disrespect . The Impeccable also turned fire hoses on one of the ships "  in order to protect itself , " the Pentagon said . The Pentagon said the Chinese also attempted to snag the sonar equipment that the ship was towing behind it , leaving crew members discussing possible orders to destroy the equipment at one point . "  Lou and Wilson man the hoses while the Chinese irritate us to tears , " the video 's narrator reports . "  Here he comes for another swipe at the array cable . " Watch Pentagon video of Impeccable incident " The 281.5-foot Impeccable is one of six surveillance ships that perform military survey operations , according to the Navy . It is an oceanographic ship that gathers underwater acoustic data , using sonar . It has a maximum speed of 13 knots -- or about 15 mph -- but it travels 3 knots , or 3.5 mph , when towing its array of monitoring equipment . It carries a crew of 20 mariners , five technicians and as many as 20 Navy personnel . The Chinese ships involved included a navy intelligence collection ship , a Bureau of Maritime Fisheries patrol vessel , a State Oceanographic Administration patrol vessel and two small Chinese-flagged trawlers , the statement said .	Irritation shows in video taken during harassment of U.S. ship by Chinese vessels China says Navy surveillance vessel was violating Chinese and international law USS Impeccable turned fire hoses on vessel that came close in March 8 incident Crew discussed possibly destroying sonar equipment Impeccable was towing
CNN  -- Prosecutors say he may be a criminal . People who say they know him describe him as a great dad . So what 's the story with Justin Ross Harris , the Cobb County , Georgia , man accused of murder after leaving his toddler strapped into his car seat under a blistering Southern sun ? The truth is , we do n't know much . Police and prosecutors are being tight-lipped about the case against Harris , who is charged with felony murder and second-degree child cruelty in the death of 22-month-old Cooper Harris . He 's refusing visitors to the Cobb County jail -- including CNN . His family is n't talking , and his attorney has not returned repeated telephone calls from CNN . Here 's what we do know : Harris is 33 years old . He has worked at Home Depot for two years . Home Depot Corporate Communications Manager Catherine H. Woodling said he worked "  on our . com business , but I 'm not sure what his title is . " He was placed on unpaid leave after the charges were filed in the June 18 incident -- a routine action in such situations , Woodling said . He held jobs at the University of Alabama from August 2001 until May 2006 as a parking monitor and later as a mail delivery clerk , said Cathy Andreen , university director of media relations . He worked as a police dispatcher in Tuscaloosa , Alabama , from June 10 , 2006 , to May 22 , 2009 , according to Police Department spokesman Sgt. Brent Blankley . He said the department would confirm only Harris ' tenure , and not any details from his work history , so we do n't know why he left the job . In May 2012 , Harris graduated from the University of Alabama with a bachelor 's degree in commerce and business administration , having majored in management information systems , Andreen said . The boy 's mother , Leanna Harris , is listed as having the same home address as the father , but she told CNN last week that she 's been advised not to discuss the case with the media . They were married May 7 , 2006 , in Tuscaloosa , according to the Tuscaloosa County marriage license clerk . A woman who knew Harris as a teenager but has n't seen him in 15 years described him as "  a good kid " who spent a lot of time at University Church of Christ in Tuscaloosa , where Cooper is to be remembered at a funeral Saturday . "  We were always happy to have him in our home . And we were happy that he was friends with our child , " Carol Brown told CNN 's Nick Valencia . People who say they know Harris posted change.org petitions asking that the charges against him be dropped but closed the petitions this week . One of the organizers posted , "  based on the recent developments this petition is no longer revelant . " CNN could n't immediately confirm the authenticity of the petition comments , many of which speak glowingly of Harris as a man and a father . One petition signer , identified as Matt Wiley of Northpoint , Alabama , described Harris as "  a great husband and a great father . " Another , identified as Michael Gordon of Northpoint , wrote of what he said was Harris ' "  grace and exemplary attitude . " "  He has been nothing but a caring father and supporting husband . He worked full time and went to school for many years to get where he wanted to be , " he said . A petition signer identified as William Overstreet wrote that he could n't imagine that man he says he knows intentionally killed his child . "  I 've known Ross for over 10 years and he is a selfless man who loved people and loved his family more , " the post reads . "  NOTHING in his life even hints at this behavior . " CNN 's Devon Sayers and Marlena Baldacci contributed to this report .	Little has emerged about father of 22-month-old boy who died in car But people who say they knew him praise him as a good man He 's charged with murder in the June 18 death of Cooper Harris
CNN  -- Troops in the southern Philippines early Sunday took advantage of martial law to hunt down those believed responsible for last week 's killings there . President Gloria Macapagal Arroyo declared martial law in the southern province of Maguindanao after 57 people were killed in politically motivated violence . Maj. Randolph Cabangbang , deputy of operations for the Eastern Mindanao command , told CNN on Saturday that searchers have made arrests and recovered firearms and vehicles from a clan implicated in the killings . He said local residents welcome the deployment of the troops . "  We need this because we do not want those who perpetrated the crime to slip out of the province . And we may be having a hard time catching them , " he said . Army spokesman Lt. Col. Romeo Brawner Jr. said martial law -- under which police can make arrests without a warrant -- went into effect at 9 p.m. Congress would have to approve any extension beyond 60 days . Brawner said the measure was invoked to impose peace on the region after the unrest , which led to troops being mobilized . "  Life is to resume normally and martial law is established to prevent new violence , with troops on the ground monitoring any possible violence breakout , " he said . "  But the civilian government will be running the affairs of the province , not a military governor . " Military police have detained three brothers and their father on suspicion of involvement in the unrest : Akmad Ampatuan , the vice governor of Maguindanao ; Anwar Ampatuan , the mayor of Sherif Auguak , Maguindanao 's capital ; and Zaldy Ampatuan , governor of the Autonomous Region of Muslim Mindanao . Andal Ampatuan Sr. , the patriarch , became ill and was hospitalized after he , too , was taken in . "  Local government will function , it will prevent armed groups from wreaking havoc ... and it will allow the officials search and find the guilty parties , " Brawner said . Security forces on Friday searched the home of Andal Ampatuan Jr. , mayor of Datu Unsay and son of the provincial governor of Maguindanao , according to Brawner . Authorities say Andal Ampatuan Jr. directed the Nov. 23 politically motivated killings . Weapons were found in the house , Brawner said . On Tuesday , Philippine authorities charged Ampatuan and other suspects with 25 counts of murder in the killings . Still more suspects were taken into custody Friday . The Philippine military is investigating its own forces in connection with the case as well , Brawner said . The National Bureau of Investigation has moved a third witness to Manila for questioning , the Philippines News Agency reported Thursday . "  At the moment , we are interviewing the witness so that we would know what he knows about the incident in Maguindanao , " NBI Director Nestor Mantaring said . The witness claimed to have been at the site during the massacre . "  He is very vital , " Mantaring said . "  From what I know ... he knows a lot of information regarding the incident . " Among the victims in the massacre were the wife and sister of political candidate Ismael "  Toto " Mangudadatu , who had sent the women to file paperwork allowing him to run for governor of Maguindanao . He said he had received threats from allies of Gov. Andal Ampatuan , the father of the accused mayor , saying he would be kidnapped if he filed the papers himself . Witnesses and local officials have blamed the younger Ampatuan , a longtime ally of the Philippines president and a known warlord . They said the killings were an attempt to block Mangudadatu from challenging him in the May gubernatorial election . Also killed were a dozen journalists who had accompanied the women . Group : Philippines most dangerous country for journalists Asked why martial law was imposed 12 days after the killings , Cabangbang said authorities "  were trying to build a case -- a tight case " against suspects . "  But it is taking long to build a case , so I think the government gave us a free hand in arresting those who are suspects , and allowed us to search , even without warrant . So we really need this declaration of state of martial law . " Violence in the run-up to elections is not uncommon in the Philippines . The Maguindanao massacre , however , is the worst politically motivated violence in recent Philippine history , according to state media . Maguindanao is part of an autonomous region in predominantly Muslim Mindanao , which was set up in the 1990s to quell armed uprisings by people seeking an independent Muslim homeland in the predominantly Christian Asian nation . Suspicion fell on Ampatuan after a government construction vehicle was found at the hastily dug mass grave that held the bodies of the massacre victims . CNN 's Talia Kayali contributed to this report .	Searchers make arrests , recover arms from a clan implicated in massacre Martial law follows killings of 57 last week in Maguindanao province Several members of powerful Ampatuan political family detained Datu Unsay Mayor Andal Ampatuan Jr. directed killings , authorities say
CNN  -- For three days from June 20 , heads of states , business leaders and civil society representatives will gather in Brazil to tackle the world 's environmental problems at Rio +20 , the United Nations Conference on Sustainable Development . CNN International is inviting you to join the global discussion on climate change by using ECOSPHERE , a digital tool that will visualize Twitter conversations around the Earth Summit in a stunning evolving environment . The computer-generated "  living sphere " is built using a state-of-the-art 3D platform called WebGL -- users are recommended to access the web-based interactive ecosystem with the latest versions of Firefox , Google Chrome and Safari  with WebGL enabled  . If you do n't have the latest browser and graphics card you can still see ECOSPHERE at work in a live stream on the same site . ` Plant your thought , watch the discussion grow ' The ECOSPHERE takes thousands of tweets from around the world and visualizes them in real time in the form of an evolving digital garden . The process is simple : Anyone sending out tweets that they want included must add the #RIO20 hashtag . Submitted tweets are scanned for keywords and then grouped together into specific topics or discussions . Each tweet stimulates growth in a plant or tree in the garden , forming conversations . New thoughts are planted as seeds , which will grow as similar ideas are shared . The size , color and growth of these plants give users a real-time view of how the global discussion is evolving . More from Road to Rio At any time in the evolution of the ECOSPHERE , there are up to 30 plants growing on the surface of the sphere , representing the 30 most popular keywords or topics . Users can explore the lush 3D environment by zooming in on the different branches while a separate time line documents the development of the discussions and the ECOSPHERE environment itself . The website was first launched in 2011 at the the United Nations Climate Change Conference in Durban . It was recently awarded with two Cannes Lions at the 59th International Festival of Creativity -- Silver Lion in the "  Publications & Media " category and Bronze Lion in the "  Best Integrated Campaign Led by Promotion and Activation " category . Earlier this year , it won gold and silver prizes at the ADC and Clio Awards in New York , at the Montreux Festival , at the ADC of Europe Awards in Barcelona , as well as with the Grand Prix of ADC Germany . Find out more about the ECOSPHERE . Users are recommended to access the web-based interactive ecosystem with the latest versions of Firefox , Google Chrome and Safari  with WebGL enabled  .	CNN ECOSPHERE will visualize Twitter discussions on key topics at the the RIO +20 Earth Summit Firefox , Google Chrome and Safari  with WebGL enabled  are the recommended browsers for users The website aggregates tweets tagged with #RIO20 and groups them into specific topics
CNN  -- The shooting deaths of four mountain gorillas -- three females and an alpha male silverback -- are prompting a United Nations agency to send a mission to the Democratic Republic of Congo . Park rangers found the three females and an alpha male silverback earlier this week . Rangers made the gruesome find in the southern sector of Virunga National Park earlier this week , said Flora and Fauna International , an organization that acts to conserve threatened species and ecosystems . The group said it is unclear who shot the gorillas or why . "  Just over 700 mountain gorillas survive in the wild today , and none exist in captivity , " Flora and Fauna International said in a statement . "  For such a small population , the unnecessary and indiscriminate killing of four mountain gorillas is a huge loss . " The U.N. Educational , Scientific and Cultural Organization  UNESCO  said Friday it will send a mission to the site as soon as possible "  to provide support to those fighting to preserve the integrity of Virunga National Park . " The agency said it will try to find out the reasons behind the slayings and work with Congolese authorities and the Congolese Institute for Nature Conservation to prevent future deaths . The females , named Safari , Neeza and Mburanumwe , and the male , Rugendo , were shot Sunday night , UNESCO said . They belonged to a group that was frequently visited by tourists , providing an economic boon to the area . "  The situation threatens to become an ecological and economic disaster for the neighboring local communities , " the agency said in a statement . The chief executive of Flora and Fauna International expressed deep concern about the killings , which he said follow more than 20 years of successful collaboration for mountain gorilla conservation . "  Whatever the motive underlying this tragedy , the gorillas are helpless pawns in a feud between individuals , " Mark Rose said . The death of Rugendo could have a ripple effect , the organization said . "  Alpha males fulfill a leadership role within a group , and in their absence the integrity of the group is often compromised . " Rugendo 's group contained 12 gorillas before he was killed , the group said . Now , six have been found safe , but two -- a female and an infant -- are missing . Seven gorillas have been killed in the park so far this year , Flora and Fauna International said . At least two of them were believed killed by supporters of rebel leader Gen. Laurent Nkunda , Flora and Fauna International said . The skin of one was found in a latrine in a nearby rebel camp . The infant of another female gorilla is being hand-raised by the nature conservation institute , which oversees the Democratic Republic of Congo 's wildlife and protected areas . Nkunda 's rebels have been fighting government troops in the eastern part of the country for several years . Conservation institute patrols were increased in the park 's southern sector with support from the DRC army , the organization said , and guard posts are being built to enable 24-hour park surveillance . The bodies of the four gorillas will undergo post-mortem examinations , Flora and Fauna International said , and will be buried near Bukima , a park outpost . "  Just two months ago , we celebrated the increase of the gorilla population in Bwindi Impenetrable National Park in Uganda , " said Kwame Koranteng , a regional representative of the World Wildlife Fund 's Eastern Africa Regional Program Office , in the Flora and Fauna statement . "  Seven gorillas killed in seven months is a horrifying statistic and a trend that can not continue . " E-mail to a friend	Deaths of 4 mountain gorillas bring number killed this year in national park to 7 Gorillas belonged to a group that was frequently visited by tourists U.N. agency : The situation threatens to become an ecological disaster
CNN  -- A German magazine quoted Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki as saying that he backed a proposal by presumptive Democratic presidential nominee Sen. Barack Obama to withdraw U.S. troops from Iraq within 16 months . Nuri al-Maliki told Der Spiegel that he favors a "  limited " tenure for coalition troops in Iraq . "  U.S. presidential candidate Barack Obama talks about 16 months , " he said in an interview with Der Spiegel that was released Saturday . "  That , we think , would be the right time frame for a withdrawal , with the possibility of slight changes , " he said . But a spokesman for al-Maliki said his remarks "  were misunderstood , mistranslated and not conveyed accurately . " Government spokesman Ali al-Dabbagh said the possibility of troop withdrawal was based on the continuance of security improvements , echoing statements that the White House made Friday after a meeting between al-Maliki and U.S. President Bush . In the magazine interview , Al-Maliki said his remarks did not indicate that he was endorsing Obama over presumptive Republican presidential nominee Sen. John McCain . "  Who they choose as their president is the Americans ' business . But it 's the business of Iraqis to say what they want . And that 's where the people and the government are in general agreement : The tenure of the coalition troops in Iraq should be limited , " he said . "  Those who operate on the premise of short time periods in Iraq today are being more realistic , " al-Maliki said . The interview 's publication came one day after the White House said President Bush and al-Maliki had agreed to include a "  general time horizon " in talks about reducing American combat forces and transferring Iraqi security control across the country . iReport.com : What should the next president know about Iraq ? The Bush administration has steadfastly refused to consider a "  timetable " for withdrawing troops from Iraq . In a statement issued Friday after a conversation between Bush and al-Maliki by closed-circuit television , the White House said that conditions in Iraq would dictate the pace of the negotiations and not "  an arbitrary date for withdrawal . " The two men "  agreed that the goals would be based on continued improving conditions on the ground and not an arbitrary date for withdrawal , " the White House said . In an interview to air Sunday on "  Late Edition , " Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice told CNN 's Wolf Blitzer that "  those goals are being achieved now , as we speak . And so , it 's not at all unusual to start to think that there is a horizon out there , in the not too distant future , in which the roles and responsibilities of the U.S. forces are going to change dramatically and those of the Iraqi forces are going to become dominant . " White House spokesman Scott Stanzel said al-Maliki had made it clear that such decisions will be based on continuing positive developments . "  It is our shared view that should the recent security gains continue , we will be able to meet our joint aspirational time horizons , " he said . The prime minister 's remarks emerged as Obama visited Kuwait and Afghanistan before embarking on a tour of the Middle East and Europe to boost his foreign policy credentials . He also plans to visit Iraq . The Democratic candidate says he supports a phased withdrawal of troops , promising to remove all combat brigades from Iraq within 16 months of taking office if he becomes president . McCain does not think American troops should return to the United States until Iraqi forces are capable of maintaining a safe , democratic state . He has been a strong advocate of the 2007 "  surge " to escalate U.S. troop levels and says troops should stay in Iraq as long as needed . McCain says Obama is wrong for opposing the increased troop presence , and Obama says McCain 's judgment is flawed . CNN 's Julia Weber and Jamie Crawford contributed to this report .	NEW : Der Spiegel says Nuri al-Maliki backs plan to withdraw troops within 16 months NEW : Al-Maliki 's spokesman says his remarks were "  misunderstood " Comments follow White House announcement of "  time horizon " for withdrawal
MADRID , Spain  CNN  -- A car bomb exploded Friday morning in Spain 's northern Basque region , killing a police officer inside the vehicle , officials said . Police investigate the vehicle destroyed by a car bomb in Spain 's Basque region . Spain 's Prime Minister blamed the attack on the Basque separatist group ETA , although there was no warning call before the explosion , as often happens in ETA attacks . The car exploded at 9:05 a.m.  3:05 a.m. ET  in an open-air parking lot in the Basque town of Arrigorriaga and damaged five other cars . Firefighters quickly extinguished the blaze , and police moved in to investigate . The Spanish national police officer killed was Eduardo Puelles , said the new Basque regional president , Patxi Lopez . "  ETA showed us the road to pain , " Lopez said on national TV . "  We will show them the road to prison . " The officer was a senior figure in the fight against ETA and the explosion was caused by a limpet bomb placed underneath the car , officials told CNN partner station CNN + . A limpet bomb is one that is stuck to the underside of vehicle . Arrigorriaga is about 30 miles south of the largest Basque city of Bilbao . ETA 's last fatal victim was a businessman who was shot dead in the same region last December . "  My stance to stop ETA is unbreakable , so that people in the Basque country and Spain can live in peace , to halt this barbarity , " said Prime Minister Jose Luis Rodriguez Zapatero , after the attack . ETA is blamed for more than 800 deaths in its more than four decades of fighting for Basque independence . The European Union and the United States list it as a terrorist group . ETA has threatened Lopez , who is a socialist and the first non-nationalist Basque president in 30 years . He has also vowed to stop the group . There are about 600 ETA members or suspected members in Spanish jails and 150 others in French jails , authorities in both countries have told CNN .	Car bomb explodes in northern Spanish city of Arrigorriaga Basque president : Victim a national police officer named Eduardo Puelles Official : Explosion was caused by a limpet bomb placed underneath the car Arrogorriaga in Basque region at heart of long-running separatist campaign
CNN  -- As police in Georgia investigated the death of a 22-month-old boy left seven hours in a sweltering SUV , they seized computers from the father 's office , a source with knowledge of the investigation told HLN 's Nancy Grace . The officers found something startling : an Internet search for "  how long does it take for an animal to die in a hot car , " the source said . It 's unknown when the Internet search was conducted and whether the father did the searching . Police have declined comment when asked about the computer search . The father , Justin Ross Harris , was charged with murder and second-degree child cruelty . Police in Cobb County , just outside Atlanta , have been tight-lipped and have n't said if what they found on the computer is one of the reasons they arrested Harris . ` What have I done ? ' Initially , police seemed sympathetic , describing the death of Cooper Harris on June 18 as the result of tragic absentmindedness . They said the dad had apparently forgotten the boy was in the back seat of his Hyundai Tucson ; he did n't remember until he was done with his work day , drove a couple of miles , and pulled into a shopping center parking lot . But police became suspicious as they investigated . "  The chain of events that occurred in this case does not point toward simple negligence and evidence will be presented to support this allegation , " said Cobb County Police Chief John House . A criminal warrant released Wednesday described the events that led to Cooper 's death . A timeline of events On the day Cooper died , June 18 , Harris stopped for breakfast at a fast-food restaurant and afterward strapped his son into a rear-facing child restraint seat on his SUV 's backseat , police said . He drove to his workplace , a Home Depot corporate office , about a half-mile away . He works as a Web designer there . Normally , he would take his son to an on-site day care . But that day , police said , Harris left him in the car seat . During his lunch break , he returned to his car , opening the driver 's side door to put something inside , police said . After work , around 4:16 p.m. , the 33-year-old father got in his car and drove away . A few miles away , he stopped the car at a shopping center and called for help . When it became clear Cooper was dead , Harris was so inconsolable police had to restrain him . "  What have I done ? " he wailed as he tried to resuscitate the little boy . Harris has pleaded not guilty to charges of murder and second-degree child cruelty . He sits in jail without bond , with an appearance before a judge scheduled for July 3 . A wave of sympathy Each year , dozens of children die from heat strokes in cars , according to KidsandCars.org . More than 40 died last year . The organization believes its tally is incomplete and much lower than the real toll . When police charged Harris , it triggered a wave of sympathy and a vigorous debate over whether the heartbroken father should be punished . A change.org petition that was started urging authorities to release Harris was withdrawn Thursday , with this note explaning : "  I think that based on the recent developments this petition is no longer relevant . I still pray that this was truly an accident . If that is the case , the DA now knows that the community does not want Justin prosecuted on murder charges . " Atlanta area resident Erin Krans started a second change.org petition asking prosecutors to drop the charges . It has garnered hundreds of signatures and was still operational as of 8:30 p.m. Thursday . Another , set up at YouCaring.com , has raised more than $ 22,000 for the Harris family . "  Please do n't listen to the media . It just upsets me to watch it , " wrote Heather McCullar , who set it up . "  Please do n't listen to the media . The family will speak when they can . " Contacted by CNN via e-mail , she wrote back , "  No one is allowed to comment right now . " His wife 's not talking As Harris sits in jail , his wife , Leanna , would not discuss the case with the media . Harris ' attorney has not returned repeated calls from CNN . The child 's cause of death was "  consistent with hyperthermia and the investigative information suggests the manner of death is homicide , " the Cobb County Medical Examiner 's Office said , according to a Cobb County Department of Public Safety release issued Wednesday . Temperatures hit 92 degrees Fahrenheit on the day of his death . The medical examiner 's office is waiting for toxicology test results before making an official ruling as to the cause and manner of the toddler 's death . Cooper 's funeral , meanwhile , will be held Saturday in Tuscaloosa , Alabama . Read the criminal warrant  PDF CNN 's Victor Blackwell , Devon M. Sayers , MaryLynn Ryan and Joe Sterling contributed to this report .	NEW : Source says police seized computers from father 's office NEW : Someone searched on "  how long does it take an animal to die in a hot car , " source says Father jailed without bond on murder charge The boy was left in a hot car , strapped to his seat in suburban Atlanta last week
CNN  -- The fire that severely damaged a drilling rig in the Gulf of Mexico subsided Thursday as sand and mud stopped up a natural gas well that blew out earlier this week , federal regulators said . The blaze erupted Tuesday aboard the rig , located about about 60 miles off Grand Isle , Louisiana , in 154 feet of water . What remained Thursday was a small flame "  fueled by residual gas at the top of the well , " the federal Bureau of Safety and Environmental Enforcement reported . The accident happened when workers aboard the Hercules 265 hit an unexpected pocket of gas while preparing the well for production . Forty-four workers were evacuated from the rig without injury , officials said . While the rig remained standing , parts of the structure above water had collapsed as a result of the intense heat , officials said . The BSEE said Wednesday that the only contamination so far had been a light sheen on the ocean that appeared to dissipate quickly . No oil was being released , the BSEE said . The rig 's owner , Hercules Offshore , said Wednesday that it had brought in an environmental expert to keep an eye on wind and ocean conditions to track any possible contamination . It was not immediately clear what steps would now be taken to secure the well . Hercules Offshore had said Wednesday it was preparing to bring in another of its drilling rigs to prepare a relief well , if necessary . Tuesday 's blowout was the second this month in the Gulf , where the worst oil spill in U.S. history occurred in 2010 . Workers on a production platform lost control of an aging gas well while trying to plug it on July 8 , resulting in a leak of about 250 gallons of liquid natural gas . There were no injuries . Most of the work being done in the shallow water off Louisiana now involves attempts to draw the remaining gas out of old wells or to shut down ones that are no longer profitable , said Eric Smith , associate director of the Tulane Energy Institute in New Orleans . In this case , the rig was set up next to an existing gas platform , drilling a "  sidetrack " well to reach the remaining gas after an existing well became blocked , Smith said . In the aftermath of the blowout , the well operator is likely to close it off and abandon the site , he said . "  The platform is probably a write-off . The rig is definitely a write-off , " Smith said . "  You 're probably talking somewhere on the order of $ 50 million for the rig and $ 20 million for the platform and existing wells . " Unlike the catastrophic Deepwater Horizon blowout in 2010 , which released millions of barrels of crude oil and gas at high pressures , this week 's accident "  is a much smaller blip on the horizon , " he said . But the recent incidents are a reminder that offshore work is "  inherently risky " and that blowouts "  are n't that infrequent , " said Michael Bromwich , the former chief of the BSEE and its predecessor agency , the Bureau of Ocean Energy , Management Regulation and Enforcement . "  They generally do n't lead to the kind of catastrophic consequences that we saw in Deepwater Horizon , but they are unfortunate events that happen , " Bromwich said Thursday . "  And the fact that we 've had two in the last month simply underscores that fact . " The drill rig Deepwater Horizon blew up and sank in April 2010 , killing 11 men aboard . The well it was drilling was nearly a mile below the surface of the Gulf , and it took nearly three months to cap . BSEE oversees about 3,400 wells in the Gulf of Mexico . The agency investigated more than 70 accidents aboard rigs and platforms in the Gulf in 2012 , including a November explosion that killed two workers about 20 miles southeast of Grand Isle . Rules were tightened after Deepwater Horizon , but Bromwich -- who led reforms of the Interior Department 's offshore oversight agencies in that period -- said both industry and government need to remain vigilant about the safety of workers offshore . "  These all should be learning exercises , " he said . "  What went wrong here ? Where they errors in human judgment ? What remedial or corrective actions should be taken by the company , and what can the industry and what can the regulators learn ? " CNN 's Dave Alsup and Eliott C. McLaughlin contributed to this report .	NEW : Platform and drill are "  probably a write-off , " analyst says Gas flow stops at the damaged Gulf of Mexico natural gas well A fire broke out Tuesday when crew members hit an unexpected pocket of gas It 's a reminder that offshore work is "  inherently risky , " former regulator says
Are the media reveling in the David Petraeus scandal just a bit too much ? The question sort of answers itself . Journalists are secretly grateful to the former four-star general for rescuing us from six weeks of sober coverage about the fiscal cliff . Not that anyone wants to plunge over the cliff , but daily reports on White House negotiations with John Boehner are no one 's idea of a wild time . So let 's face it : We are wallowing in the tawdriness of this tale . But are the media losing perspective -- and rushing to judgment ? Let 's concede up front that the story is inherently fascinating . A general with a walk-on-water reputation abruptly quits the CIA and admits an extramarital affair . His mistress turns out to be his admiring biographer , who hawked her book all over television . Watch : An orgy of media advice on getting away with an affair Then we learn that she triggered an FBI probe by sending what were perceived as harassing e-mails to a military volunteer in Tampa -- and that a friendly FBI agent allegedly sent that woman shirtless photos . All of which was a prelude to the reports that Gen. John Allen , who in his spare time is running the war in Afghanistan , exchanged up to 30,000 e-mails with said Tampa woman . See ? It 's hard to keep up . The military sex saga has all the earmarks of a sizzling soap opera . But let 's take a step back . A couple of steps , in fact . Those 30,000 e-mails initially described by sources as "  flirtatious " ? Unnamed defense officials put out the word the next day that there were far fewer -- maybe a few hundred , one told The Washington Post -- and that there was "  no affair " between Allen and Jill Kelley , the Tampa activist . Or perhaps they were "  overly flirtatious , " anonymous Pentagon officials told The New York Times , and there were 30,000 pages but some just contained a single sentence . And Allen may have called Kelley "  sweetheart " in the e-mails , reports The Wall Street Journal . Watch : Media mistakes murky in Petraeus sex scandal As for the e-mails from Paula Broadwell , Petraeus ' biographer , to Kelley , I 've seen them described as everything from threatening to harassing to chastising Kelley for acting like a "  seductress " toward Petraeus . Again , we do n't really know . What about the notion that Broadwell was terribly indiscreet in her relationship with Petraeus ? Her ghostwriter , the Post 's Vernon Loeb , says he was "  clueless " about any affair . There is , to be sure , a practical problem here . The principals are n't talking much . New information and insinuations tend to trickle out through friends , associates and officials-speaking-on-background , which leaves a sizable void that has sometimes been filled by speculation . Nor have journalists covered themselves with glory by staking out the women 's homes . Kelley has called local police asking for "  diplomatic protection " against the media mob that has camped out near her residence , according to the Fox station in Tampa Bay . What , exactly , did she do to warrant this treatment ? Watch : Businessweek retreats from piece on B-schools with hottest women Now we come to the heart of the matter . Petraeus , who has risked his life and been wounded as a soldier , showed bad judgment and fooled around . That 's not exactly an aberration in the highest levels of politics . Perhaps you recall the name Bill Clinton , now a global statesman . So what is driving the story ? Why has the press devoted far more attention to Petraeus ' personal life than , say , his agency 's role in the fatal attack in Benghazi ? Our culture tends to put generals on a pedestal , and none more so than Petraeus , who courted journalists assiduously and received favorable coverage in return . The mighty media machine turned David Petraeus into a household name , and now his image is crumbling beneath the weight of that machine . The fame he sought is being used against him . If the secretary of commerce gets caught carrying on with a smitten young woman , it 's a two-day story . There are other factors . Some commentators who opposed Petraeus ' role in George W. Bush 's surge in Iraq are using his fall from grace to settle scores . And do n't ignore the pop-culture element , swirling around this question : If the nation 's top spy ca n't keep an affair secret , who can ? But we have reached the point where the enormity of the media spectacle far exceeds the news value of the revelation that one of America 's top military leaders was also a flawed human being . Watch : Jezebel crusade against teens ' racist Obama tweet turns harsh	Howard Kurtz : Journalists happy Petraeus affair knocked "  fiscal cliff " off front page Kurtz : Media quick to report salacious details that proved to be not so dramatic People eat story up because it involves a well-respected general , he says Kurtz : Media has jumped the shark beyond the story 's newsworthiness
Washington  CNN  -- Public schools in Western states can continue teacher-led reciting of the Pledge of Allegiance , after a federal court ruled against a group of atheist parents . The 9th Circuit U.S. Court of Appeals , based in San Francisco , California , ruled 2-1 Thursday that the pledge does not represent a government endorsement of religion , prohibited by the Constitution . "  The Pledge of Allegiance serves to unite our vast nation through the proud recitation of some of the ideals upon which our republic was founded and for which we continue to strive : one Nation under God , " wrote the majority . "  Millions of people daily recite these words when pledging allegiance to the United States of America . " The ruling applies only to the 11 states and territories in the West covered by the 9th Circuit , but it reinforces other rulings from other courts upholding the pledge . The same appeals court also ruled separately Thursday , upholding the use of the words "  In God We Trust " on U.S. money . The lawsuit was brought by several parents in the Sacramento , California , area who objected to the school policy . Among them is Michael Newdow , a prominent attorney and atheist , who had brought his long-standing dispute to the U.S. Supreme Court in 2004 . The justices had dismissed that earlier appeal on purely technical grounds , over questions he lacking standing as a custodial parent to bring the lawsuit on behalf of his school-age daughter . Newdow then recruited other parents into the current case . Newdow said he would appeal Thursday 's decision but acknowledged his dim prospects going forward . "  This was the appeal and this is the end of the road in terms of what you 're guaranteed , " he said . Newdow said he 'll ask for a rehearing and , if that fails , will appeal to the Supreme Court . "  But they do n't have to take it , " he said , referring to the nation 's high court , "  and the odds are pretty good that they wo n't . " A woman identified only as Jan Roe was a key plaintiff , arguing she did not believe in God . She claimed the daily recitation interfered with her right to direct her child 's upbringing and that it indoctrinated her child with the belief that God exists . Children are not required to stand and repeat the pledge , but some parents said the social pressures to conform were an improper infringement of their rights . The plaintiffs now have the option of asking the Supreme Court to hear the case . The appeals court framed the issue as a dispute over whether was a traditional patriotic exercise or a blatant religious message . The same court in 2002 agreed with Newdow and other atheist parents . In dissent to Thursday 's ruling , Judge Stephen Reinhardt said the pledge was an overtly religious message . "  Carrying out such an indoctrination in a public school classroom unconstitutionally forces many young children either to profess a religious belief antithetical to their personal views or to declare themselves through their silence or nonparticipation to be protesting nonbelievers , thereby subjecting themselves to hostility and ridicule , " he wrote . The Supreme Court previously has ruled the mere mention of God or religion by the government in a public setting does not necessarily mean a violation of the "  Establishment Clause " of the Constitution , which ensures the separation of church and state . Examples that have met high court scrutiny include Ten Commandments or Chanukah menorah displays in a public park ; opening a legislative session with a prayer ; granting tax breaks for religious organizations ; and reimbursing transportation costs for parents whose end their children to parochial schools . The pledge was written in 1892 by Baptist minister and educator Francis Bellamy , who made no reference to religion in his version . It was originally worded : "  I pledge allegiance to my flag and the republic for which it stands , one nation , indivisible , with liberty and justice for all . " It quickly became a part of public school programs . In 1954 , Congress added the words "  under God , " at the urging of the Knights of Columbus and other groups . Another modification was to change "  my flag " to "  the flag of the United States of America . " "  This decision is a victory for common sense , " Supreme Knight Carl A. Anderson of the Knights of Columbus said in a news release . "  Today , the court got it absolutely right : Recitation of the pledge is a patriotic exercise , not a religious prayer . ... Every reasonable person knows that , and today 's decision is a breath of fresh air from a court system that has too often seemed to be almost allergic to public references to God . " The case is Newdow v. Rio Linda Union School District  05-17257  .	NEW : Prominent attorney , an atheist , said prospects are dim , but he plans to appeal Appeals court : Pledge does not represent a government endorsement of religion Ruling covers only the 11 Western states and territories covered by the 9th Circuit Dissenting justice in 2-1 ruling said the pledge is an overtly religious message
CNN  -- A former Mexican senator was reported missing on Saturday , Mexico 's attorney general 's office said . The case has rocked Mexico , with President Felipe Calderon saying he is closely monitoring the investigation into the disappearance of the former official , Diego Fernandez de Cevallos Ramos . The attorney general of the state where Fernandez de Cevallos was reported missing said that authorities have no clues as to his whereabouts . Fernandez de Cevallos was last seen on the ranch of his home in Pedro Escobedo , in central Mexico 's state of Queretaro , the country 's official Notimex news agency reported . The attorney general 's office said that Fernandez de Cevallos ' vehicle was located on his ranch and that "  in the place where the car was located , some of his belongings were found and there were traces of violence . " Queretaro attorney Arsenio Duran said the former legislator had arrived alone at his La Cabana ranch , as he usually did , at approximately 11 p.m. Friday  midnight ET Saturday  and that it was presumed that he was kidnapped in the driveway of his property , Notimex reported . Duran said that around 7 a.m. Saturday  8 a.m. ET  relatives of the former legislator noticed that the door to his truck was open , Notimex reported . Outside the vehicle were discarded glasses , pens and scissors ; inside were traces of blood . The federal attorney general 's office has declined to call the case a kidnapping . Queretaro authorities are investigating the case , the attorney general 's office said . A statement on the Mexican president 's website said that Calderon "  from the first hours of the morning , has been in constant communication with the attorney general and with the secretaries of Interior and Public Security , " about the investigation . The statement said that Calderon has "  communicated with one of the two children of Fernandez de Cevallos , who is facing this difficult situation with integrity , to offer his solidarity and the necessary backing to successfully locate Fernandez de Cevallos . " The missing legislator was a senator from PAN , Mexico 's National Action Party , and is a former presidential candidate . The statement on Calderon 's website called Fernandez de Cevallos "  a key politician in the Mexican democratic transition . " CNN 's Esprit Smith contributed to this report .	NEW : Discarded items were found outside ex-Senator 's car ; inside were traces of blood NEW : Federal attorney general 's office has declined to call the case a kidnapping Diego Fernandez de Cevallos Ramos , a former Mexican senator , is missing Ex-senator was last seen on the ranch of his home , Notimex news agency reports
CNN  -- China 's space program has really taken off in the last six years . Back to Earth : Yang Liwei faces the cameras on returning to Earth in 2003 . In 2003 Yang Liwei became a national hero when he became the first Chinese man in space , followed five years later by Zhai Zhigang who became the first "  taikonaut " to make a spacewalk . "  The moment I stepped out of the hatch and entered space , the sensation of completely becoming one with space was a feeling I had never felt before on Earth , " Zhai told CNN . "  I deliberately looked into outer space , looking past my toes and deep into outer space . The differing brightness and distances of the celestial bodies really brought out the deepness of outer space . The vast , boundless expanse of outer space stirred my soul . " View the photo gallery to learn more about the history of China 's space program . From out of this world moments to their place in Chinese history , these two pioneering spacemen tell CNN 's John Vause about their missions , how they had prepared for the worst should things go wrong and if China and other nations with the moon in their sights are creating a new international space race .	Chinese "  taikonauts " Yang Liwei and Zhai Zhigang talk to CNN First Chinese man in space and first Chinese to conduct a spacewalk , respectively Talk about their historic moments to international space race
LONDON , England  CNN  -- After four years and 11 rounds of hard negotiation , the introduction of the "  Open Skies " agreement in March was greeted with a sigh of relief . This was not just from airlines , but also their passengers . If talks in the second phase fail , the entire Open Skies deal could be torn up . The deal that allows airlines to fly anywhere in the European Union to anywhere in the United States and vice versa promised to increase competition between carriers and possibly cut ticket prices . But the relief could be short-lived . On Thursday , the EU and the U.S. began talks in Ljubljana , Slovenia for the second phase of the deal . This time round there 's an even tougher set of issues on the table . And if an agreement is not reached by 2011 , either side can pull the plug on the whole deal . Such a move could be crucial for airlines that have already invested hundreds of millions of dollars in preparation for reduced restrictions . Carriers have added and increased frequency of services , with some paying as much $ 60 million to get their hands on limited Heathrow slots . British Airways will also launch a new business-only airline following the deal between either Paris or Brussels and New York 's JFK airport this summer . One issue the stage-two talks will address is cabitage , or rights for European airlines to operate domestic American routes . European critics have said the current deal offers greater advantage to U.S. carriers by allowing them to operate within the EU . An American airline can , for example , fly from New York to London , where they could pick up passengers and then fly to Germany . But as John Byerly , U.S. Deputy Assistant Secretary of State for Transportation Affairs and chief negotiator for Open Skies , explains to CNN , this is a red herring in terms of importance in aviation law . "  Not one U.S. airline has taken advantage of the right because it does n't make commercial sense , " he says . "  The aircraft that 's right for transatlantic flights is ill-suited for operation within the highly-contested European Union market . " What 's more , adds Kieran Daly , editor of Air Transport Intelligence , there is n't a simple quid pro quo in terms of cabitage . As he explains , the EU is not a single market in the same way that the U.S. is , and the travel patterns on both sides of the Atlantic are different . "  Nobody is really sure what the equivalent right would be in Europe for the American carriers , " he says . A more important , and arguably more contentious , issue is around ownership and control . U.S. laws currently cap international ownership to 25 percent of voting stock , and prohibit "  actual control " by foreign citizens . If these restrictions are removed it could pave the way for transatlantic airline mergers . Steve Ridgway , CEO of Virgin Atlantic Airways expresses his frustration that airlines are the only companies that can not be owned by foreign buyers in the U.S. "  An airline is no different to a car company or a telephone company , " he says . "  As long as there are proper competition rules in place , and dominance is not allowed , why does there have to be artificial restriction ? " Last August , Virgin completed a five-year battle to start a low-cost service , Virgin America , in the United States . The British company won regulatory approval by agreeing to distance ownership from the Virgin Group . In effect , the Virgin brand is licensed to an American-owned company . But Ridgway wants more . "  It took five years for us not own an airline , " he points out . Yet despite Virgin 's expansion into ventures such as Virgin America as well as Virgin Blue in Australia and V Australia , the carrier has not yet decided to follow British Airways ' lead by launching services from other European capitals following the removal of restrictions under Open Skies . And considering how tempting a Madrid to Miami , or Paris to Los Angeles route could be to a non-flag-carrying carrier such as Virgin Atlantic , this is significant . Ridgway says a time will come for such routes . "  We need the right aircraft , we need the right market conditions , and we need to make sure that we are fighting the right battle here in our home ground . Because this is where our strength is , " he says . But the other reason for hesitancy comes down to a lack of confidence for phase two of negotiations , he adds . Byerly does n't deny the difficulties and political hurdles negotiators face . Opening up ownership to foreign companies has implications for homeland security , he explains . "  We rely on U.S. airlines to transport our troops and military cargo in time of war of emergency . " They must also tread carefully with airline labor unions . "  There are serious concerns about how to maintain a level playing field if you 've got two unions , one in Europe and one in the United states , working for an airline , " he says . But signs are that the U.S. is willing to keep an open mind . On Tuesday , United States surprised EU negotiators by proposing to drop investment restrictions for airlines for more than 60 countries . Senior airline executives have also voiced encouragement for an easing of ownership restrictions . Jeff Smisek , president of Continental Airlines told CNN : "  anything that would open up a freer flow of capital between the European Union and United States would be a positive influence . " As Byerly said , the U.S. is willing to envisage a positive outcome from the outset . "  We 're committed to working in very good faith and with a lot of energy in the second stage of negotiations to try and reach an agreement that is mutually beneficial . That 's our goal . "	The EU and U.S. have begun talks for phase II of the Open Skies air transport deal The hot issue to be debated revolves around ownership rights of U.S. airlines If talks fail , either side has power to pull the plug on the whole agreement
CNN  -- The U.S. will come face to face with the man who helped inspire the "  Miracle of Medinah " once more when it faces Europe at the 2014 Ryder Cup at Gleneagles . Ian Poulter , the man known as "  Mr Ryder Cup " will be part of the European side after securing a wildcard pick from captain Paul McGinley . Poulter is joined by Scotsman Stephen Gallacher and England 's Lee Westwood -- but there is no room for former World No. 1 Luke Donald . Poulter , 38 , won all four of his matches two years ago as Europe came back from the brink to record an astonishing 14 1/2 - 13 1/2 victory . Westwood , who made his Ryder Cup debut in 1997 , has won 21 points in 37 matches and has appeared in eight editions of the competition . Gallacher , who will be playing in front of his home crowd , finished third at the Italian Open and only just missed out on automatic qualification . McGinley , the European captain , told a news conference that omitting Donald , who boasts an impressive Ryder Cup record , was one of his most difficult tasks . "  It was a very difficult conversation with him for a number of reasons , " McGinley told reporters ahead of the match getting under way on September 26 . "  My relationship with Luke is very close . He has played in every Ryder Cup I 've been involved in apart from 2008 which we both missed . "  I 've partnered Luke twice in 2004 and 2006 and vice-captained him in 2010 and 12 . I forged a very strong relationship with him . "  His Ryder Cup record is outstanding and he will no doubt go on to make many more appearances in the Ryder Cup . "  It was a difficult call but one I had to do in the interests of the European team . " Europe will be led by Rory McIlroy , the World No. 1 , while it also boasts four of the top players on the planet . Sweden 's Henrik Stenson is joined by Spain 's Sergio Garcia and England 's Justin Rose , while there are also places for Thomas Bjorn , Martin Kaymer and Graeme McDowell . McGinley 's team will also have two men making their debuts at the competition with Victor Dubuisson of France and Welshman Jamie Donaldson both having qualified .	Europe reveals wildcard picks for Ryder Cup Stephen Gallacher , Ian Poulter , Lee Westwood all selected Luke Donald misses out Ryder Cup starts in Scotland on September 26
CNN  -- Dr. Jack Kevorkian , the Michigan pathologist who put assisted suicide on the world 's medical ethics stage , died early Friday , according to a spokesman with Beaumont Hospital in Royal Oak , Michigan . He was 83 . The assisted-suicide advocate had been hospitalized for pneumonia and a kidney-related ailment , his attorney had said . He had struggled with kidney problems for years and had checked into a hospital earlier this month for similar problems , his lawyer , Mayer Morganroth , said . He checked back into the hospital in the Detroit suburb on May 18 after suffering a relapse , Morganroth said . Kevorkian , dubbed "  Dr. Death , " made national headlines as a supporter of physician-assisted suicide and "  right-to-die " legislation . He was charged with murder numerous times through the 1990s for helping terminally ill patients take their own lives . He was convicted on second-degree murder charges in 1999 stemming from the death of a patient who suffered from amyotrophic lateral sclerosis , commonly called Lou Gehrig 's disease . He was paroled in 2007 . After his release , he said he would not help end any more lives . Morganroth told CNN Friday that he was summoned to the hospital Thursday night , with doctors telling him "  the end was near " for Kevorkian . 1998 video sparked criminal case against Kevorkian "  The doctors and nurses were extremely supportive , " Morganroth said . They played music by Kevorkian 's favorite composer -- Bach -- in his room , and Kevorkian died about 2:30 a.m. , Morganroth said . Attorney Geoffrey Fieger , who was Kervorkian 's lawyer on several assisted-suicide cases , described Kevorkian as a "  historic man . " "  He simply felt that it was the duty of every physician to alleviate suffering , and when the circumstance was such that there was no alternative , to help that patient to end their own suffering , " Fieger said in a statement . In an interview with CNN 's Dr. Sanjay Gupta last year , Kevorkian said he had no regrets about his work . "  No , no . It 's your purpose  as a  physician . How can you regret helping a suffering patient ? " he said . Dr. Sanjay Gupta on Kevorkian : Rest in peace In that interview , Kevorkian said that he had three missions in life and that he himself was not ready to die . One of his missions was to warn mankind of "  impending doom " that will come from the culture of overabundance . "  I 'm not going to be too popular for that one , " he said . His second mission was to educate people about assisted suicide , and his belief that in states where assisted suicide has been legalized , it is not being done right . He believed that people should n't have to have a terminal condition in order to qualify for help in ending their own lives . Kevorkian 's third stated mission was to convince Americans that their rights are being infringed upon by bans on everything from smoking to assisted suicide . In 2008 , at the age of 80 , he failed in a run for Congress in Michigan . CNN 's Matthew Mochow and Jennifer Bixler contributed to this report .	Kevorkian had a history of kidney ailments , his lawyer says The assisted-suicide advocate served an eight-year prison term He told CNN last year he had no regrets about his work
CNN  -- Weeks after flooding devastated farmland and homes in the Midwest , officials in five states said Friday that initial steps are under way for possible buyouts of property in flood zones . Flooding from the Mississippi River surrounds a home in Foley , Missouri , in late June . Illinois , Indiana , Wisconsin , Iowa and Missouri all are considering the option . Under the buyouts , residents who qualify could choose to sell their houses to the states or communities , with the Federal Emergency Management Agency supplying 75 percent of the cost . The state of Iowa has sent a notice of interest for buyouts to affected communities , said Lucinda Robertson of the Iowa Homeland Security and Emergency Management Division . Iowa has asked interested residents to respond by September 12 , Robertson said . Once the responses are in , the state will review them and ask the eligible communities to fill out the necessary applications . Illinois also is at the beginning of the buyout process , said Patti Thompson of the Illinois Emergency Management Agency . The state sent out letters this week to those affected by flooding to gauge interest , Thompson said , and will wait about a month to receive their responses before determining how much money each would receive from FEMA . The state is about six to 12 months away from the actual buyout process , if interest warrants , she said . In Indiana , people in several areas have shown interest in buyouts , according to Rachel Myer of the Indiana Department of Homeland Security , and many cities and counties have begun the application process . Wisconsin Emergency Management spokeswoman Lori Getter said that state is in the "  infancy stages " of what will be a one-year to 18-month process of buyouts . She said flooding affected about 20 communities , and some people still lack access to their homes . In Missouri , two communities have expressed interest in the buyout process , according to Susie Stonner , a public information officer for the Missouri State Emergency Management Agency . The flooding in the Midwest killed two dozen people and injured 148 , according to FEMA . Some 35,000 to 40,000 people in several states have evacuated their homes .	Five states considering plan to buy flood-zone property from homeowners Residents who qualify could sell to states or communities FEMA would pick up three quarters of the cost Program could apply to Illinois , Indiana , Wisconsin , Iowa and Missouri
Hong Kong  CNN  -- One of the Chinese badminton players disqualified from the Olympics for trying to lose a match has said she is quitting the sport , accusing the badminton governing body of ruining her dreams . "  This is my last match , " Yu Yang wrote on her microblog account late Wednesday . "  Farewell Badminton World Federation , farewell my beloved badminton . " Yu ; her women 's doubles partner , Wang Xiaoli ; and six other players were kicked out of the competition Wednesday by the Badminton World Federation in one of the most controversial episodes of the London Games so far . Read more : Badminton players disqualified The athletes were accused of playing to lose in order to face easier opponents in future matches , drawing boos from spectators and warnings from match officials Tuesday night . The other doubles pairs booted out were from South Korea and Indonesia . All four duos were charged by the federation with not doing their best to win a match and abusing or demeaning the sport . While the Indonesian and South Korean pairs both unsuccessfully appealed the decision , the Chinese sporting authorities accepted the ruling and the country 's head badminton coach apologized for the players ' behavior . Trying to fail ? Not just in Badminton But Yu and Wang , ranked No. 1 in the world , were defiant in their posts on their accounts on Weibo , a Chinese equivalent of Twitter . They blamed injuries and the rules of the competition for the controversy . "  We were injured before the match , " Yu wrote . "  And we were using the rule to give up the match to be better prepared for the knockout round . Do you know how much pain we suffer when we athletes get injured and still have to compete ? " She said the federation 's decision to disqualify them had "  dashed our dreams . " At 26 , Yu is relatively young to be leaving the sport . There are women 's doubles players among the top 10 pairs in the world who are still competing beyond the age of 30 . She appeared to be sticking to her intentions Thursday , changing her profile information on her Weibo account from "  badminton player " to "  freelancer . " But her official team apology was less unequivocal . "  I apologize to all our fans because we failed to abide by the Olympic spirit and failed to present a game as it should have been ... I am ready to do my best in every game of my professional career in the future , to show all of my fans that I 've changed , " it read . Reached by telephone , an official at the Chinese Table Tennis and Badminton Center , which is affiliated with the country 's General Administration of Sports , was unable to provide any information about Yu 's status . The official declined to give his name and title . The disqualifications resulted from two lackluster contests in London that angered the watching crowds as the doubles pairs appeared to be serving into the net on purpose . The eight players concerned had all already qualified for the quarterfinals of the tournament before the final matches of the group stage Tuesday night . The Chinese Olympic delegation "  fully respects the Badminton World Federation 's decision to punish " its athletes , it said in a statement . "  The actions of Yu Yang and Wang Xiaoli on the court have violated Olympic principles and the spirit of fair athletic competition . The Chinese Sports Delegation feels saddened , " it said . The delegation is investigating the Chinese players ' conduct , it said , "  and will make appropriate rulings based on the result . " The head coach of the Chinese badminton team , Li Yongbo , expressed contrition for what happened . "  As the head coach , I owe the fans and the Chinese an apology , " he said , according to the state-run news agency Xinhua . "  Chinese players failed to demonstrate their fighting spirit of the national team . It 's me to blame . " The state-run television station CCTV aired footage of Wang and Yu apologizing . But their microblog accounts told a different story . "  I ca n't believe we fought so hard for four years and the result is this ! " Wang wrote . "  I tried hard at the match with a body full of injuries . " She said she and her partner paid the price for the federation 's "  imperfect game rules . " Xinhua published reports in Chinese based on the two athletes ' angry Weibo comments . In the first of the Tuesday matches that prompted the uproar , Wang and Yu played South Korea 's Jung Kyung-eun and Kim Ha-na in a game in which "  neither side seemed to be exerting themselves , " the official Olympic news service said . After several serves by both pairs went into the net , the tournament referee , Torsten Berg , was called to the court , the news service reported , "  where he warned all four players amid a chorus of boos from the crowd . " The South Koreans eventually won the "  repeatedly interrupted match , " securing first place in their group , according to the news service . But that put them in the same side of the draw as Tian Qing and Zhao Yunlei , a Chinese duo who are ranked No. 2 in the world . The second controversial match took place about an hour later , pitting South Korea 's Ha Jung-eun and Kim Min-jung against the Indonesians Meiliana Jauhari and Greysia Polii . Play in that contest was "  sluggish early on , " the Olympic news service reported , and Berg was called onto the court at least twice "  with the crowd calling for the players to be sent off . " Former badminton player Andy Goode , who represented Britain at the 1992 Olympics and managed the team four years later , said the disqualification was the right call for the sake of the sport . "  It was a decision they had to make , and they had to make quickly , " he said . "  I 've never seen any sporting event , any major event , where two players or two pairs just stood on a court and have n't tried . " But Goode said the kind of tactical play seen Tuesday "  does go on , " especially in countries where the team ethic is very important . "  These players , I feel for them a little bit , because this was n't their decision ; their team has told them to lose these games , " he said . The world champion Chinese pair , Wang and Yu , "  were going for gold , and this was just part of their journey to get to that gold . " They probably did n't see anything wrong with what they did because they were focused on the next round and winning medals for their country , he said . Goode said he hoped the furor would not have a negative effect on the racket sport longer term , given the swift response by its governing officials . British sports fans going into the Olympic Park on Wednesday said the athletes ' behavior was "  shocking . " "  It 's not in the spirit of the thing , " said Kevin Button of Ashford , in southeastern England , who had watched parts of the matches on television . "  And it 's so disappointing for the people who came to see it , " said his wife , Tina . "  It leaves a bit of a sour taste . " The debacle has prompted wide debate on social media , with opinion divided on whether the players were exercising tactical nous within a poorly designed system or were guilty of failing the Olympic spirit and bringing the game into disrepute . Sebastian Coe , the chairman of the London Olympic organizing committee , was clear where he stood on the controversy , describing the spectacle as "  depressing " and "  unacceptable . " "  I mean , who wants to sit through something like that ? " he asked . The game of badminton dates back centuries but has been an Olympic sport only since 1992 . Competition has been dominated by China , Indonesia , South Korea and Denmark , according to the federation . China has won 11 of the 24 Olympic gold medals awarded in badminton since 1992 , according to the International Olympics Committee 's database . Although not widely played in the United States , badminton -- viewed as one of the fastest racket sports -- is popular in many European and Asian nations . OfficialBadminton.com says it is played by 200 million people worldwide and is the national sport of Indonesia and Singapore . CNN 's Richard Allen Greene , Florence Davey-Attlee and Laura Smith-Spark in London ; Steven Jiang , Dayu Zhang and Jaime A. FlorCruz in Beijing ; and Alexis Lai and Andrew Henstock in Hong Kong contributed to this report .	NEW : Yu 's official team apology suggests she may play again in the future But "  Farewell my beloved badminton , " she says on her Weibo account Yu Yang changes her microblog profile information to "  freelancer " Yu ; her doubles partner , Wang Xiaoli ; and 6 others have been charged with playing to lose
Montreal  CNN  -- Home is the hardest place to find for children of immigrants , but for us , nothing hits closer to home than when a bomb goes off in Baghdad . Last week , just days after American troops pulled out of Iraq , 63 people died and 176 were wounded in Baghdad . As the son of Iraqis who left home in the late '70s , I find fleeting moments of hope that seldom return to me . The withering memories of my last visit to Basra play like broken records in my mind . I remember our grandparents ' home , my uncle 's dog and the size of the tires on his Jeep . I remember the smell distinctly but I ca n't put it into words . I remember feeling small ; after all I was only 5 . I have watched Iraq 's tragedies only through television or the Internet for more than 20 years now . We make frantic fuzzy phone calls to Iraq , the voices on the other end are lost in reception ; there is no awe in their shock . My aunt said that it felt like "  hell opened loose " this past Thursday , heat lingering in the air as it rose from the rubble and twisted metal around Baghdad . The violence follows Iraqis ' sense of security like the ghost of Saddam past . As we hang up the phone with our families , we are all wondering : Where do we go from here ? With troops reaching home in time for the holidays , many are asking why they were there in the first place ? We should have asked ourselves these questions many years ago . My cousin grew up with my grandparents in Iraq . As a child of the late eighties , he saw war for much of two decades coming out of their front door . I had the privilege of a selfish teenage rebellion in Montreal , as a voyeur into the war , watching news on our television . In the process , we were both detached from each other 's realities . We spent some time together in the United Arab Emirates , after my maternal family had the rare opportunity to leave Iraq in 2005 , drained by the successive wars pounding on their chests . The decades of bombings had taken its toll , far too often carrying bad news to those in the diaspora , sending ripples back through the hearts of all Iraqis . Those same bombs did something to my cousin . One night , we sat down and watched a movie together , something I had never done with him before . As a car exploded on the screen , his immediate reflex was to cover his ears and close his eyes . We noticed different things . He was transported back home , and I was lost . The contrast in our perspectives on life riddled me with guilt . Some of us take so much for granted . I switched the TV off . In the Mashtal area of Baghdad , a local women 's NGO is offering an awareness seminar for widows . My sister-in-law returned from Baghdad last week , with pictures from the seminar . Most of the mothers and daughters , sometimes both widowed , lost their husbands in violence in 2007 and 2008 . What is left of their homes is a fragmented family structure , compounded with the damage from decades of sanctions and mass exodus , lack of infrastructure , broken education systems and bouts of political corruption . I could n't help but think about the future of the forgotten children of Iraq . That is what war is to me . War is the leftover pain in our hearts and souls . That detachment from home ; trying to reach for safety . As Iraqis ran home from the violence and explosions in neighborhoods such as Karada , they could n't cover their ears and eyes . There is no remote control for Baghdad . Most of your returning soldiers still feel that pain in their hearts . Nothing good came out of this war . There is no victory in any violence . With staggering body counts surfacing , and a possible link to rising cancer and birth defect rates , where do you start looking for justice ? Where do we stand as an international body of people , looking for a new , positive outlook on our future ? What a year . We 've streamed so-called leaders ' deaths in 3G on our cell phones , become obsessed with 3-D and our children are playing Battlefield 3 holding the fate of digital Iran in their little hands . Movies are being made about Iraq as the news unfolds , blurring the lines of reality . The problems this generation are facing feel so big , you start feeling powerless . Sometimes , I still feel small when I think of Iraq . Where do Iraqis go next ? Iraq 's chance at a "  spring " was robbed and their neighbors are losing balance . Whatever you do America , remember them in your prayers this Christmas season with your kids . As the children of Baghdad ask , "  When will the war really be over ? " There is always hope in our youth . Peace to the East . Worldwide . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Yassin Alsalman .	Days after departure of U.S. troops , bombs killed and injured scores of people in Baghdad Yassin Alsalman , whose family is from Iraq , says the pain of the war is far from over He says his relatives live with the grieving , the memories and the loss every day
CNN  -- If you told me eight years ago I 'd end up writing an article extolling the virtues of Los Angeles , I would have laughed . I moved to the City of Angels in 2004 reluctantly . I had a great job offer for a newly minted position as the Supervising Producer of CNN 's Entertainment Unit . There was just one problem : It was in L.A. Flash forward to 2012 , and I proudly call Los Angeles home . But the road to loving my city certainly had its potholes and traffic jams . A sage Los Angeles resident offered some excellent advice that 's useful for anyone contemplating a move : Do n't come to a conclusion about a place before you 've lived there at least a year . So I suspended judgment and decided to look at the city with fresh eyes . Here 's what I saw : In Southern California , you can view snow-capped mountains from a warm sandy beach . You can surf and ski or snowboard in the very same day , should you choose . Our city is defined and criticized for its car culture , but we have access to the most amazing surfing , biking and hiking trails in the Santa Monica Mountains and beyond . Deserts , old growth forests and lakes are all within easy reach . When people come to visit , I drop the top on my old convertible and take them up the Pacific Coast Highway into Malibu , through Topanga Canyon down the 101  immortalized in the America song "  Ventura Highway "  into "  The Valley " and then on to Mulholland Drive , where the winding road along a ridgeline provides breathtaking views . It 's a trip that offers visitors an immediate snapshot and understanding that Los Angeles is not a flat , squalid concrete jungle . It has curves , sexy curves . Photos : The glamour of Los Angeles Our incredible natural resources are only enhanced by our weather . The year-round warm temperatures draw visitors from around the world to our miles of golden , sandy beaches . Southern Californians love their bikes , motorized or otherwise . Readers of a certain age will remember the opening from the '70s sitcom "  Three 's Company , " where roommates Janet , Chrissy and Jack ride their bikes down a pathway on the beach in Santa Monica . I live 10 blocks from that very same bike path and love riding my beach cruiser to Venice for an icy cold beer at the Candle CafÃ © with good friends . Los Angeles is criticized for not having a defined city center , but I 'd counter with the assertion that our many different "  centers " are a positive . Each neighborhood has a distinctive flavor and appeal . The Hollywood Hills offers homes with little street appeal and amazing views . There 's the always-posh Beverly Hills , and Silverlake and Los Feliz are hipster heaven , albeit hipsters with bank accounts . Brentwood seems to have its share of agents , psychiatrists and TV producer types . The beach vibe is like most coastal communities , relaxed and low-key . Westwood is packed with students , and driving down Western Boulevard through Koreatown , you 're hard-pressed to find a sign in English . On the edge of Hollywood , Thai Town and Little Armenia merge and intertwine ; the written languages , to my untrained eye , look similar . I shop in the Korean and Thai markets tucked away behind dazzling gold statues , and get the most amazing hummus and sujuk from an Armenian restaurant with the worst lighting . Speaking of food , Los Angeles ' ethnically diverse population offers an incredible array of restaurants and eating experiences . You can get great BBQ in Koreatown , fabulous banh mi from a food truck , a steamy pupusa from a number of tiny strip mall restaurants , and homemade tamales from the guy who rolls his cooler down the street every Sunday morning yelling "  Tamales , tamales here . " Local food critic Jonathan Gold built his career chronicling L.A. 's diverse cuisine ; he was the first food writer to win a Pulitzer Prize for criticism . On Sundays , the Hollywood Farmer 's Market takes over two streets and four blocks . It 's a great way to spend a morning strolling between stalls , choosing from produce that was picked just days before at the height of ripeness . I once heard an Aussie extolling the virtues of basil from a particular herb stand . I turned and realized it was the late Heath Ledger , with Michelle Williams , their new baby Matilda Rose and Jake Gyllenhaal . The very produce we ship across the nation is at our fingertips , and you can taste the difference . Not only are the vegetables lush , so is the vegetation . Outside my kitchen window is a Bird of Paradise . Most people see them in flower arrangements , but here it 's the size of a small palm tree . Bougainvillea blooms year round , palm trees are everywhere dotting the skyline like enormous chrysanthemums and ficus trees reach the size of old growth oaks , reminding you that California is a very hospitable place to grow and bloom on many levels . Photos : Hollywood and beyond If you happen to like sports , we have the Dodgers , and while the team has had its woes , my co-worker David Daniel  an L.A. native  reminds that "  they play in a real league without the designated hitter . " Speaking of baseball , CNN reporter Casey Wian loves the fact that the late Casey Stengel , the Hall of Fame manager of the Yankees , Mets and Brooklyn Dodgers , called Glendale home . Some will cite our lack of a football team , but if you 're comparing us to New York , just remember that the Giants and the Jets both play in New Jersey . Oh , and let 's not forget the Lakers , designated the most valuable NBA franchise by Forbes magazine . Their 16 championships , five of which came in this millennium , do n't hurt either . When people judge Los Angeles , many criticize it for being plastic and fake . If you just scratch the surface of the city that might be all you see , but do n't forget Los Angeles is home to an enormously creative population . Much of your entertainment is generated here . The musicians , artists , writers , producers , photographers and directors who call Los Angeles home also imbue the city with an incredible energy . It 's palpable in our bars , restaurants and on our streets . It 's infectious ; we clap during credits at the end of movies because we know how much work goes into making that two-hour film and we applaud the effort . In Los Angeles , we know hard work , we know how to meet the deadline and we know how to get the job done . The difference here is that we just do n't stress the journey . It may have a few potholes and traffic jams , but it also comes with a double helping of sun , sand , surf and smiles . The City of Angels is a heavenly place , and even though it 's not for everybody , we 're sort of happy to keep it that way . Are you a hardcore New Yorker or surfing Angeleno ? Vote in the poll above , defend your city of choice on CNN iReport , and share your tips for visitors . We 'll reveal the winning city in an upcoming story .	As part of our Destination USA series , we pit rival cities and let you decide which is best First up , the classic city smackdown : New York vs. Los Angeles CNN 's Jennifer Wolfe explains how she became an unlikely L.A. fan Fight for your city ! Show us why you think New York or L.A. is better on CNN iReport
CNN  -- The student debt fight is back -- with a vengeance . Once again , current students are facing the possibility of interest rates on Stafford Federal student loans doubling . Once again , we are asking what our leaders are doing about a crisis that gets worse every year . Once again , the answer is : Not much . That is a huge problem -- and not just for millennials , or young people born between 1980 and 2000 . The approximately $ 1.1 trillion in student debt out there already constitutes a crisis for every one of us . It is the only form of household debt that has continued to rise during the Great Recession . It is also the only form of debt that can not be discharged under bankruptcy or even death , as parents who have lost children have discovered to their horror . It is preventing young people from buying homes and starting businesses . In short , student debt is a $ 1.1 trillion anvil dragging down the entire U.S. economy . Unfortunately , the conversation in Washington is not about big fixes , but simply how to avoid making matters worse by letting interest rates rise . Last year , the interest rate on federal Stafford student loans was set to double from 3.4 % to 6.8 % . There was a massive outcry from students and organizations like my own , Rebuild the Dream . Perhaps fearing young people 's electoral clout , Congress kicked the can down the road a year . So here we go again : Last week , President Obama waded back into fight , urging Congress to prevent the rate hike scheduled for July 1 . But this year , something is different : Sen. Elizabeth Warren . A few weeks ago , Warren , D-Massachusetts , proposed groundbreaking legislation that would give students the same deal that big Wall Street banks get . This bill is good policy , and even better politics . After all , why are we loaning money to mega-profitable international financial institutions at 0.75 % , but demanding up to nine times more from our own young people ? By comparison , the otherwise ideal Harkin-Reid proposal for a two-year extension of the current 3.4 % rate is simply not as ambitious . Unfortunately , the proposals with the most energy behind them are worse than both these options . House Republicans , the Obama administration , and a number of senators are all pushing to permanently tie the rate for student loans to the government 's borrowing costs . It may seem commonsense , but the devil is in the details . For instance , the Republican plan passed recently is just plain bad for students . Interest rates on July 1 would actually be higher than 6.8 % for some borrowers , and vary wildly and unpredictably over the lifetime of the loan . The government would mark up the costs 2.5 % to 4.5 % , based on the type of loan . The profit would pay down a deficit young people did not create , instead of funding education . The Obama plan , by contrast , has better terms for borrowers and would offer fixed-rate loans that will not suddenly spike in cost . But it lacks any cap on how high interest rates can go , and continues the worrying practice of the government profiting off student loans . As for borrowers who already have loans ? Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand , D-New York , has proposed allowing students to simply refinance their old loans at today 's historically low rates . It is almost shocking that you can not do this already . California Democratic Rep. Karen Bass ' Student Loan Fairness Act would make repayment fairer and easier . Young people should be rallying behind the Warren , Bass , and Gillibrand bills . But they can and should demand a whole lot more . The problem is not just that the cost of borrowing could go up . The real problem is the skyrocketing cost of tuition that is forcing students to take on unmanageable levels of debt in the first place . It is in our leaders ' own best interests to do something about that . After all , millennials will make up one-third of eligible voters in 2020 . It is no accident that the two best Senate bills were introduced by senators -- Warren and Gillibrand -- who have been rumored as future presidential candidates . But at the end of the day , this is not a student issue . It is not a youth issue . This is a corrosive crisis that touches your life whether you know it or not . If you live in the United States of America , this is your issue . The student debt fight is back -- and it is not going away any time soon . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Van Jones .	Interest rates on Stafford Loans issued after July 1 are set to double to 6.8 % Van Jones : The $ 1.1 trillion in student debt out there already creates a crisis for all of us He says , unfortunately , Congress is not looking at big fixes but rather Band-Aid fixes Jones : Sen. Elizabeth Warren 's proposal to give students lower interest rate is good policy
CNN  -- If your gift list this year includes gadget-obsessed early adopters who love snatching up the latest electronics , you 're in luck . Why not give them an iArm -- an adjustable forearm mount that will let them fiddle with their smartphone , laptop and tablet computer all at the same time ? Or for the e-geek on the go , consider the iDrive . Because , let 's be honest , we all need a steering-wheel mount to help play with our tablets and e-readers while we 're driving .  What could go wrong ? Sound ridiculous ? Well , sure . But these gag products may at least let you fool your family and friends for a few seconds . Graphic designer Arik Nordby said he got the idea for Prank Pack when his nephew received a video-game console cruelly hidden inside a coffee-maker box . "  Being a good kid , he pretended to be excited for a little bit . There was this awkward moment , " Nordby said . "  It kind of stuck in my head -- why do n't we do this for adults ? " And thus was Prank Pack born . Nordby teamed up with some staffers at humor site The Onion , a handful of whom now work with him at 30 Watt , his graphics company based in Minneappolis . The idea is to hide a real gift inside the real-looking , if remarkably silly , packaging for the fake gifts . Some of the tech-inspired bogus products bear a resemblance to those from a certain gadget-making powerhouse  note the lowercase "  i " if you 're confused  . Nordby concedes that 's no accident . "  I am a sucker for anything with an ` i ' in front of it , " he said . "  After using Apple products for over 20 years , it 's safe to say they own a large section of my brain . " In addition to the aforementioned "  i " items , other Prank Packs include ToeTunes , or bedroom slippers with built-in speakers , and PetPetter , an electronic armlike contraption that will , yes , pet your dog or cat for you . The tag line on the box reads , "  Never touch your pets again ! " For more options , The Onion offers its own "  Decoy Gift Boxes . " Among them is the iFeast , a combination feeding bowl/iPod dock so your pet can rock out while chowing down . At $ 8 each or three for $ 20 , Nordby said he 's seen sales roughly double every year for seven years . The packs are sold at Bed Bath & Beyond and numerous online retailers , including Think Geek . He 's no economist , but Nordby said his growing success has to say something about the retail climate this holiday season . "  We like to say it 's a good economic indicator when people are willing to pay for empty boxes , " he said .	Fool your gadget-obsessed friends with the iArm or iDrive from Prank Pack The growing gag-gift box company has a decidedly techie feel Founder says he got idea when his nephew got video-game console in coffee-maker box
Chicago  CNN  -- The FBI said Saturday it has arrested an 18-year-old American man who allegedly tried to blow up a car bomb in front of a downtown Chicago bar . Adel Daoud , of the Chicago suburb of Hillside , was taken into custody Friday night after a "  rigorous " undercover operation , the FBI said . He made an initial appearance Saturday before a U.S. magistrate judge and has a preliminary hearing Monday afternoon . "  The explosives that Daoud allegedly attempted to detonate posed no threat to the public . They were inert and had been supplied by undercover law enforcement personnel , " said Gary Shapiro , the acting U.S. attorney for the Northern District of Illinois . Daoud , a U.S. citizen , was charged Saturday with one count of attempting to use a weapon of mass destruction , namely explosives , and one count of attempting to damage and destroy a building by means of an explosive , the FBI said . If convicted , he faces a maximum of life in prison for the first charge and 20 years for the second . CNN could not determine Saturday whether Daoud had an attorney . According to the FBI , Daoud began sending e-mails in October of last year that regarded violent jihad and the killing of Americans . In May , undercover agents contacted Daoud , who "  confirmed his belief in the propriety of killing Americans in a terrorist attack , " either in the United States or overseas , and started seeking online resources for an attack , the FBI said . Another undercover agent who said he was an operational terrorist started dealing with Daoud , who drafted a list of approximately 29 potential targets , including military recruiting centers , bars , malls , and other tourist attractions in the Chicago area , according to the affidavit filed Saturday in federal court . He then selected , researched and surveilled a target for attack with an explosive device supplied by the undercover agent , the FBI said . Daoud and the undercover agent met Friday night and drove to downtown Chicago with plans to blow up a car bomb in front of a bar . During the drive , Daoud led the undercover agent in a prayer that the pair -- Daoud and the agent -- succeed in their attack , kill many people , and cause destruction , the FBI said . They drove up to a Jeep containing the purported explosive device , the FBI said , and Daoud then parked it in front of the downtown bar . According to the affidavit , Daoud walked to a nearby alley and , in the presence of the undercover agent , attempted to detonate the device . He was then arrested .	The man allegedly tried to detonate a car bomb at a Chicago bar Undercover FBI agents monitored the entire alleged plan , the agency says The FBI says the man is a U.S. citizen who wanted to carry out jihad The man made an initial court appearance in federal court Saturday
Singapore  CNN  -- Dr. George Khoo vividly remembers the opium dens . Fifty years ago , they lined the street just down from his small Singapore clinic . It was the time just before independence in 1965 , before the shiny skyscrapers , velvet freeways and almost-painfully spotless streets . Many of his patients were addicts struggling to unhook , he writes . Many would not come to the clinic . He had to go into the dens to find and treat them . "  It was hard treating them in the pitch darkness , " he recalled . "  I had to call out their names and they would call out to me . I would then give the injection , but I never really knew for sure who exactly I was treating . " Khoo 's gritty memories have been captured as part of a unique , crowdsourced history project that Singapore has commissioned ahead of its 50th anniversary of independence in 2015 . The goal of the Singapore Memory Project is not to produce a slick history . "  We 're not going for certain types of people , " said Memory Project director Gene Tan . "  What we 're looking for is specificity . It 's the messiness of it , of the lives people lived and the communities they lived in , that we want to have . " So far , Singaporeans have sent in more than 400,000 memories -- including text , audio , still images , even e-books and video uploaded to the project 's website or through a free iPhone app available on iTunes . With the support of 120 partner groups and 130 volunteers , the project hopes to record 5 million Singaporeans , virtually everyone in the country . Before the economic boom Along Singapore 's shoreline in the years after independence , fishermen would lay their morning catch on the beach where vendors from the nearby "  hawker " stands would buy fish to serve at their small , hot food shacks , recalled Faridah Anom . Today , that site is home to a row of terrace houses . "  Everything is gone , " Anom said . "  It was so long ago . " It was only the 1960s , the 1970s . But in Singapore , that was another eon . In 1965 , the year of independence , Singapore 's per capita GDP was $ 516 . Last year , it was about $ 60,000 -- among the top five in the world . That mammoth growth has dramatically transformed Singapore 's landscape in just a few short decades , from rows of hardscrabble fishing shacks and bungalow neighborhoods to a towering glass , steel and concrete wonderland of efficiency , wealth and dazzle . Little remains of what was there just a short time ago : Many of the houses , the stores , the neighborhoods and the communities have been transformed . Hamzah Yaacor , 17 , only remembers today 's booming Singapore . As a volunteer for the Singapore Memory Project , Yaacor and two other students are interviewing seniors along a just a few streets for a small book of interviews titled "  Streets We Remember . " Yaacor said he is learning more than he ever did in school about Singapore 's history from people like Anom . "  You start talking about their memories , and they just open up , " Yaacor said . "  Looking at this personal history , it 's more authentic . " Singapore schools , he said , teach history as a blanket of facts , figures , dates and places . But he said it 's actually more like a patchwork quilt , something that he and his fellow students hope to capture for the Memory Project . All the memories collected have fallen into two broad categories : individual recollections about Singaporeans ' communities , their friends , their schools , the way they were . The other are collective memories -- the experiences and objects that nearly everyone shared . Big and small memories James Seah was 11 years old in 1961 when a massive fire tore through his neighborhood , Singapore 's Bukit Ho Swee squatter settlement , destroying some 2,000 homes . "  Dark billowing smoke filled the sky , the smell was toxic , " Seah recalled in his Singapore Memory Project blog post . "  People were screaming and shouting ` Fire , Fire ' ... I had never seen a big fire that burnt down houses and places before . I had not read about it , or watched it on television  monochrome TV broadcast in Singapore only began in April 1963  or at the movies . He described a feeling of "  excitement rather than a fear of danger . " "  My mother and I ran as fast as we could as we fled from the burning houses , " Seah said . "  There was a stampede . The older and weaker people were carried by younger and stronger ones . " The Bukit Ho Swee fire left four dead and thousands homeless and is one of those moments in Singapore 's history where most people alive at the time remember where they were when they learned about the massive blaze . Other memories focus more on Singapore 's rapidly evolving culture , including one e-book focusing on the traditional games children played , arranged by clicking on alphabet letters made to look like children 's blocks . Another e-book covers the playgrounds that have been swept away by the city-state 's rapid development . Ruth Ann Keh , 17 , and two of her fellow students compiled the memories of people living in the Rochor Centre complex that is slated to be torn down in 2016 to make way for a new expressway . Many residents have lived there for decades , and neighbors were like family . One resident told Keh the story of a birthday party some boys held years ago on an open deck , and how all the neighbors came down . "  What struck me the most was the sense of family , " Keh said . "  All the people I talked to mentioned the bond . Now , you do n't know your neighbors . It 's not as it was before . But it is possible to have a sense of neighborhood . It 's just a matter of making time . " Sharon Ng recalled fond memories of growing up watching her grandmother use a bucket instead of a cash register at the Kian Guan sauce factory . "  Inside , my father , uncle and one hired worker would sit on small stools or on the floor , hard at work six days weekly making chilli , tomato and soya sauces , bottling them and tying the bottles expertly with thin rope-like twine in packs of six or 12 , " Ng wrote in her Singapore Memory Project post . "  Grandma sold sauces at the ground floor shop while the rest were sold to other businesses . All her takings were kept in an iron pail on a pulley . She just pulled the rope down , put in the money and the pail went up . " A generation 's gift Singapore 's Memory Project is about a country getting personal with itself , and project director Tan said most of the posts are "  very emotional . " "  There 's a lot of longing in all the memories -- longing and attachment to people who are gone , places that are gone , " he said . But he said there 's also celebration about the stability that Singapore enjoys today . "  There 's a great sense of relief of where we are today , " Tan said . In the process , the Memory Project staffers say , they are learning things about themselves that they never expected . They thought the project was about talking to others , about something external . But they 've realized that documenting Singapore 's history is about them , too . "  We started out with a lot of arrogance , " Tan explained . "  We started with an intent to hack into other people 's memories . What 's humbling is there 's nothing to hack into , but only things to discover . " Singapore is a young country that has packed more history into its few years than most others . But in a place where most everyone came from somewhere else , the Memory Project is helping define what it means to be Singaporean . It is bringing texture to the life of the nation , endowing a diverse people with a common identity , a way to look forward together . The submissions also make for astonishingly interesting reads . "  This is the gift of our generation , " Tan said . "  History is not just for the leaders . It 's about random people , too . "	Singapore is using crowdsourcing to compile its recent history The city-state will celebrate 50 years of independence in 2015 It 's calling on all citizens to upload memories to its Memory Project Singaporeans have shared memories in photos , blog posts , e-books and videos
CNN  Sen. Marco Rubio said he 'll make a decision on running for president in the next few weeks and feels confident that he could obtain the resources to "  credibly run a campaign and win , " despite an increasingly crowded GOP field taking shape . In a wide-ranging interview with CNN 's Wolf Blitzer , the Florida Republican also gave his thoughts on Republican efforts to defund the president 's executive action on immigration , and further explained why he wo n't support the administration 's new Cuba policy . 2016 Rubio , who released a new book "  American Dreams " on Tuesday , said he 's still deciding whether he thinks he can be more effective as president or as a senator under the new majority . He has already said he wo n't run for both offices in 2016 . Marco Rubio : Radicalized individuals ` very real threat ' to the West With power players Mitt Romney and Jeb Bush now considered likely contenders , Rubio said "  they 're both credible and well-funded " candidates but argued there would still be room for his campaign if he decides to plow forward . "  I 'm confident that if we decide to run for president ... we will have the funding and the resources necessary to credibly run a campaign and win , " he said . "  But I understand that the longer you wait , the harder it becomes to do that , " he added . Romney tells donors he 's considering 2016 bid Bush and Romney have already been in active in talking with big-money supporters and securing financial resources , making it strategically more difficult for other potential contenders like Rubio to lock down support from the GOP 's donor class . Rubio , 43 , will huddle with donors and supporters at a retreat he 's hosting in Florida later this month , where plans could be formalized for 2016 . He said he does n't have a date in mind to make a decision , only saying he 'll decide "  soon enough so that you can build the kind of campaign it takes to win . " Source : Rubio on track for 2016 run Pressed on whether that means "  within the next few weeks , " Rubio replied : "  Yes , soon . " Executive action To combat President Barack Obama 's executive action on immigration -- which would allow up to 5 million undocumented immigrants to stay in the country temporarily -- Republicans on Capitol Hill are pushing a strategy to tie funding for the order to a must-pass spending bill for the Department of Homeland Security . House GOP plans immigration showdown Rubio , however , questioned whether it was the right move , saying he 's not in favor of "  something that would be traumatic for the country or something that would put the nation in danger . " "  I could support that , but ultimately if there 's going to be a veto threat -- as I 'm sure there will be and the consequences of that is that we ca n't secure our nation -- that would be a real problem for a lot of people , " he said . "  For me included . " He added "  if there was a way to do it that overcomes that obstacle , I would be all for it . " Rubio was among a bipartisan Gang of Eight senators who helped craft a comprehensive immigration reform package that passed in mid-2013 but failed to advance in the House . He said he does n't regret being part of the process but argued he would n't do it the same way again . "  We learned that you 're not going to reform immigration law in America with ... everything all in one big bill , " he said . "  I think that is true for multiple topics . I think that is especially true when it comes to immigration . " As he also lays out in his book , Rubio said the "  only way " to address immigration reform will be through a sequence of bills , rather than one massive reform package -- with the first step being to better enforce current immigration law and with a pathway to citizenship as an ultimate goal of reform . Cuba Following Obama 's announcement last month to loosen the U.S. embargo on Cuba , Rubio said he still plans to vote against any new funding for a U.S. embassy in Havana . He also criticized the Cuban Interests Section in Washington -- a diplomatic mission in the nation 's capital -- as "  almost an exclusively intelligence gathering outpost . " "  I mean , they conduct no diplomacy and there are a large number of people trying to get into Cuba , " Rubio said . "  The reason why our Interests Section is so busy is the large number of people trying to get out of Cuba . " 2016 Republicans slam Cuba announcement The junior senator from Florida , whose parents emigrated from Cuba , said any policy change towards Cuba must be met with "  reciprocal steps . " "  If you want a better relationship with us economically , that should have been as a result of an opening politically on the island of Cuba , " he said .	Sen. Marco Rubio tells CNN 's Wolf Blitzer that he 'll make a decision on 2016 in a few weeks The Florida Republican believes he can still raise enough money and win Rubio has a new book coming out , "  American Dreams , " on Tuesday
Cardiologists and other doctors already view artery-clogging red meat as a villain , and they now have another reason to urge their patients to steer clear : A new study has found that men have a higher risk of developing aggressive prostate cancer if they consume a lot of ground beef and other red meat -- especially if the meat is grilled or well-done . The men in the study who ate about two servings of hamburger or meat loaf per week were more than twice as likely to have been diagnosed with aggressive prostate cancer as the men who ate none . But most of that increase in risk can be attributed to how the meat was cooked . When the researchers looked only at the members of the burger-loving group who ate their meat grilled or barbecued , the numbers told a different story : The men who preferred their burgers well-done had double the cancer risk , while those who liked them medium  or rarer  had a negligible increase in risk -- just 12 percent . A similar pattern was seen with grilled or barbecued steak . Health.com : What men need to know about prostate-specific antigen  PSA  tests "  This is another piece of evidence for the notion that red meat , particularly grilled meat , contains carcinogens that may relate to prostate cancer , " says Ronald D. Ennis , M.D. , director of radiation oncology at St. Luke 's -- Roosevelt Hospital Center , in New York City , who was not involved in the study . When meat is cooked -- and charred -- at high temperatures over an open flame , a reaction occurs that causes the formation of two chemicals : heterocyclic amines  HCAs  and polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons  PAHs  . In animal studies , these chemicals have been shown to cause several types of cancer , including prostate cancer . Although by now it is well established that red meat increases the risk of heart disease and colorectal cancer , its role in prostate cancer has been less clear . Numerous studies have investigated a possible link between meat consumption and prostate-cancer risk , but the results have been inconsistent . Health.com : How to prevent colorectal cancer "  This study not only associates red meat with a risk of prostate cancer but it takes it a little bit forward by looking at the method of cooking and the degree of cooking , " says Lee Richstone , M.D. , an associate professor of surgery and a prostate-cancer specialist at the Smith Institute of Urology , in New Hyde Park , N.Y. "  It helps contribute to our understanding of a potential mechanism in the form of -LSB- HCAs -RSB- and -LSB- PAHs -RSB- . " In the study , which was published this week in the journal PLoS One , researchers at the University of California , San Francisco compared about 500 men who recently had been diagnosed with aggressive prostate cancer to a cancer-free group of similar size who served as controls . All of the participants filled out detailed questionnaires about their diets over the previous year , including the amount of meat they ate and how it was prepared . Men who ate the most ground beef were 2.3 times more likely than men who ate none to have aggressive prostate cancer . Higher consumption of fatty lunchmeats  such as salami  and liver was also associated with an increase in cancer risk . On the other hand , poultry , bacon , and low-fat hot dogs and sausages appeared to have little influence on cancer risk . Health.com : The best and worst hot dogs for your health The study "  certainly supports the notion that these types of foods may be harmful in some ways , " Ennis says . Close to one-fifth of U.S. men will at some point in their lives develop prostate cancer , which ranges in severity from benign tumors that need little or no treatment to very aggressive forms that are usually deadly . Age , family history , and genetics all have been shown to increase risk . The evidence for environmental risk factors -- including diet -- is less clear , though researchers have long suspected they play a role because of the wide geographical variation in prostate-cancer rates . The study is far from airtight . The data on meat consumption relied on the memory of the participants , for instance . And although the researchers took into account several known risk factors for prostate cancer  such as family history , smoking , and body mass index  , it 's possible that other unidentified factors contributed to the apparent link between meat consumption and cancer risk . Still , the findings are compelling enough that men should consider exercising "  moderation and caution , " Richstone says . "  There 's an expanding and building body of literature that does point to this type of connection , and I think papers like this make for a stronger and stronger argument that men need to moderate their intake of highly cooked meat , " he says .	In the study , men who preferred their burgers well-done had double the cancer risk When meat is cooked at high temperatures over an open flame , a reaction occurs Heterocyclic amines  HCAs  and polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons  PAHs  cause several types of cancer
CNN  -- His wounds as an Army Ranger in Afghanistan in 2009 left him in the fight of his life -- a fight for his life , for sheer survival . And when his story was told by the President of the United States , that story brought a packed house in the U.S. Capitol to its feet for a standing ovation . "  Cory Remsburg never gives up , and he does not quit , " President Barack Obama declared to the nation in his State of the Union address in January . Being singled out for presidential recognition made Remsburg overnight the most recognizable veteran in the country , a position he 's not entirely comfortable with . But he says he 's OK with the attention as long as it brings attention to all wounded veterans . "  There are other people who would have quit a long time ago and would have been happy in their wheelchair . Me ? Oh , no , " he said in an interview on CNN 's "  New Day " that aired Thursday . It 's incredibly poignant when he makes such statements . His speech is labored and a little slurred . Every word and movement clearly takes great effort . But it is effort he makes without complaint , without flinching . Before the accident Remsburg joined the Army when he was 18 years old . He wanted to join sooner , but his father , Craig , would not let him . He went through the rigorous , specialized training to become an elite Army Ranger , deploying to Iraq and Afghanistan 10 times . He spent a total of 39 months in combat , and was eventually made leader of his company 's heavy weapons squad . In June 2009 , he participated in ceremony for the 65th anniversary of D-Day , parachuting in on the shores of Omaha Beach in Normandy , France , as part of a ceremony President Obama attended . Afterward , the two met briefly . What Remsburg did n't know then was that he would meet the President again just a year later , under very different circumstances . On October 1 , 2009 , Remsburg and his platoon hit a roadside bomb in Kandahar , Afghanistan , and the immediate explosion nearly killed him . He was found face down in a pool of water , shrapnel lodged in his brain . His father still remembers the phone call . "  I immediately went into the mode of saying , ` Hey Cory , how are you doing ? ' " he said . "  And there was silence . And that 's when the officer identified himself as Cory 's company commander and said Cory 's been injured . " Remsburg was in a coma for more than three months . He 's undergone dozens of surgeries , is still blind in his right eye and is partially paralyzed on his left side . But he 's come a long way from those first few months . An unseen , personal battle at the State of the Union Recovery After years of rehabilitation centers and hospitals , Remsburg now lives at home with a full-time caregiver in Phoenix , Arizona . This week , Remsburg returned to Casa Colina Centers for Rehabilitation in Pomona , California , where he lived for 16 months going through intensive daily therapy to regain his ability to walk and talk . This was his first time back since leaving 10 months ago . Everyone there -- doctors , nurses and patients -- all came up to say hi , give him a hug and ask how he 's doing . Meeting an American hero Remsburg acknowledges that his recovery would not have been possible without the support of his family . His stepmother , Annie , left her job for more than a year and a half to stay with him full-time at a hospital in Florida . And his father 's employer has allowed him the flexibility to be at his son 's side whenever necessary . His parents are also grateful to all the charities that have supported their son 's recovery over the past five years . Remsburg clearly has been through a lot , but one thing he has not lost is his sense of humor . During a speech therapy session that tested articulation and memory , he had to name something from a category -- his favorite baseball team , a color , a state , a street name -- followed by a card number from a deck . When asked to name a news website , he said , "  Fox News , " but then remembered who was in the room with him , and quickly corrected himself by saying , "  Or , CNN . Oops . " Meetings with the President Remsburg met President Obama for the second time in 2010 , shortly after coming out of his coma . The President happened to be visiting Walter Reed Medical Center outside Washington , and realized he knew the young man once he saw the photo of their first meeting hanging on the wall near his bed . Remsburg is the only known wounded veteran to have met the President both before and after his injury . Their third meeting was about a year ago , when President Obama made a stop in Phoenix and requested to see how Remsburg was doing . When Obama arrived , Remsburg did something that shocked even his father . "  Cory got up , saluted him , then got up with a walker and walked across the floor , " Craig said . For Cory , the gesture was to prove a point : "  To show the President that this is what happens when you do n't quit . " Bipartisan outpouring for wounded war hero at State of the Union What 's next On Wednesday , Remsburg turned 31 . To celebrate his birthday , he took a tandem skydiving jump ; his first since his injury . He 's also working with a therapy dog that will help him do some of the things he can no longer do for himself . He says his heroes are his Army Ranger buddies who gave their lives serving their country . He wears a bracelet engraved with their names as a reminder of their ultimate sacrifice . His long-term goals are to go to college , get married and have children , to live a full life , just like anyone else . Opinion : Veterans should n't politicize the honoring of a fellow vet Watch New Day weekdays at 6am-9am ET . For the latest on New Day click here	President Obama told the nation about Cory Remsburg during the State of the Union address "  Cory Remsburg never gives up , and he does not quit , " Obama said Remsburg 's introduction drew a standing ovation that night for the wounded veteran Now , Remsburg talks to CNN 's "  New Day "
The future of science and technology sounds so promising . Unprecedented advances in computing , robotics , artificial intelligence , genetics , neuroscience and biotechnology hold the potential to radically transform our world for the better and create mass abundance for all . I sincerely want to believe in this techno-utopian vision of things to come , but my work as a police officer and global security strategist working in more than 70 countries around the world has taught me that there is a darker side to these emerging technologies . The criminal underground is highly innovative and often acts as an early adopter of emerging technologies . As a young police officer , I observed gang members and drug dealers using beepers and mobile phones , long before they were in common use by the general public . Today , criminals are even building their own encrypted radio communications networks , such as the nationwide system developed by narco cartels in Mexico . Watch Marc Goodman 's TED Talk Technology has made our world increasingly open , and for the most part that has huge benefits for society . Nevertheless , all of this openness may have unintended consequences . Take , for example , the 2008 terrorist assault on Mumbai , India . The perpetrators were armed with AK-47s , explosives and hand grenades . But heavy artillery is nothing new in terrorist operations . The lethal innovation was the way that the terrorists used modern information communications technologies , including smartphones , satellite imagery and night-vision goggles to locate additional victims and slaughter them . Moreover , the terrorists created their own operations center across the border in Pakistan , where they monitored global news broadcasts , online reporting and social media in real time , leveraging the public 's photos , videos and social network updates to kill more people . TED.com : All your devices can be hacked The terrorists in the Mumbai incident even used search engines during their attack to identify individual hostages and to determine , based upon their backgrounds , who should live or and who should die . These innovations gave terrorists unprecedented situational awareness and tactical advantage over the police and the government . Newer forms of technology are also subject to criminal misuse . Robots are becoming more commonplace , and international organized crime groups and terrorists have lost no time in deploying these technologies as part of their field operations . For example , drug traffickers in Latin America are using robotic submarines to deliver thousands of tons of cocaine annually to the United States . Last year , the FBI arrested a man in Boston who planned to use remote-controlled robotic aircraft packed with explosives to attack both the U.S. Pentagon and Capitol building . In the future , as robots become more widely deployed , so too could their criminal use and exploitation . TED.com : How cyberattacks threaten real-world peace Advances in the life sciences means it is now possible to design DNA on a computer screen and send the DNA code to a "  bio printer " for assembly . Our ability to reprogram DNA itself will undoubtedly lead to great advances in medicine , but the danger is that these same techniques can be used to modify viruses , like H5N1 influenza , to become more and more lethal , potentially affecting millions around the globe . To hackers , DNA is just another operating system waiting to be hacked . We are at the dawn of an exponentially advancing technological arms race between people who are using technology for good and those who are using it for ill . Though such battles have gone on since the beginning of time , what has changed is the pace of innovation . New technologies and capabilities are emerging so quickly , it becomes increasingly likely they will outpace the capabilities of public safety officials to respond . The threat is serious , and the time to prepare for it is now . I can assure you that the terrorists and criminals are . TED.com : A 21st century cyber-weapon Technology is proliferating at an exponential pace and despite law enforcement 's best efforts , cybercrime grows unabated . In coming years , we will witness an explosion in the use of robotics , artificial intelligence , nanotechnology and synthetic biology . There is little to suggest police will be any more prepared for these emerging threats than they were for basic cyber crimes . Our current nation-based legal and policing paradigms have clearly not kept pace with the global threat . The paradigm shifts in crime and terrorism call for a shift to a more open and participatory form of law enforcement . Given the rapid acceleration of technological development , any system that relies on a small , elite force of highly trained government agents may be doomed to failure . Good people in the world far outnumber those with ill intentions . But criminals and terrorists have shown their ability to take up technological arms to harm the general populace . This calls for increased vigilance on the part of ordinary citizens . The tools to change the world are in everybody 's hands . How we use them is not just up to me , it 's up to all of us . Follow @CNNOpinion on Twitter	Marc Goodman : It 's tempting to think technology will create a future paradise He warns that all advances can be exploited by criminals , terrorists Goodman : Criminals have kept a step ahead of police in using some technologies He says law enforcement can keep pace by seeking help from vigilant citizens
Pretoria , South Africa  CNN  -- South African track star Oscar Pistorius , charged with murder in the shooting death of girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp , is once more allowed to travel overseas after a judge lifted a bail condition Thursday restricting his movements . Judge Bert Bam said that Pistorius ' passport could be held by his attorney , Barry Roux , instead of the court and that he was entitled to use it to travel outside South Africa . Bam said he saw no reason why Pistorius "  should be forbidden to leave South Africa if invited to compete overseas . " Pistorius should report his itinerary a week before leaving and hand his travel documents back over to his lawyer within 24 hours of returning to South Africa , Bam said at Pretoria 's North Gauteng High Court . Pistorius not suicidal , family says The athlete may also now drink alcohol and return home to the scene of the crime , he ruled . Bam said the magistrate who imposed the original bail restrictions last month had not included the prohibition on Pistorius returning to his home or a requirement that he report to a police station twice a week in the written court order he signed . This means those provisions , which the magistrate only mentioned verbally in court , should be ignored , Bam said . The new order represents a victory for the athlete 's legal team , which went to court to request more lenient terms for his bail . Not everyone surprised about Pistorius ' fall from grace The lifting of the travel ban could mean that the Olympic and Paralympic sprinter would return to international competition ahead of his trial . If Pistorius qualifies for the Moscow World Championships in August , "  then on the basis of the ` innocent until proven guilty ' principle , he would be free to run , " Yannis Nikolaou , communications manager for the International Association of Athletics Federations , told CNN via e-mail . Invitations are at the discretion of meeting organizers , not the IAAF , he said . The IAAF will not comment on the case against Pistorius , he added . Premeditated murder charge The athlete 's lawyers argued in their appeal filing that since Pistorius was not considered a flight risk , the restrictions on his travel were unnecessary . They also argued that since alcohol and substance abuse were not factors in the case , the ban on their use was not warranted . Pistorius had no desire to use alcohol or illegal drugs , they added . Authorities charged Pistorius with premeditated murder after he shot Steenkamp in the bathroom of his Pretoria home on February 14 . Pistorius , who spent eight days in jail before being freed on bail on February 22 , did not attend Thursday 's hearing . State prosecutor Gerrie Nel told the court Thursday that he plans to serve Pistorius with an indictment on June 4 . No trial date has yet been set . Pistorius , known as the "  Blade Runner " for competing on carbon fiber blades fitted to the stumps of his amputated legs , says he thought Steenkamp was an intruder . Prosecutors argue that he intentionally killed her after a loud argument . READ MORE : Pistorius case brings South Africa gun culture to global spotlight READ MORE : Not everyone surprised at Oscar Pistorius ' fall from grace CNN 's Nkepile Mabuse reported from Pretoria and Laura Smith-Spark wrote in London . Harry Reekie contributed to this report .	NEW : Pistorius could run at the Moscow World Championships if he qualifies , IAAF says Judge : There 's no reason why Pistorius should n't be able to travel overseas to compete Magistrate did not include ban on Pistorius going home in formal bail order , judge says Pistorius is charged with murdering his girlfriend , Reeva Steenkamp
CNN  -- Bayern Munich recorded a comfortable 2-0 win against Borussia Monchengladbach at Borussia Park on Friday as the Bundesliga resumed after its annual winter break . After being soundly beaten 3-0 by Red Bull Salzburg in a friendly match last weekend , Pep Guardiola had called for his side put the passion back in their play , and they duly delivered against the league 's third-place side . Any nerves traveling Bayern fans were feeling were quickly eased as Mario Gotze scored in the seventh minute , hitting a low first-time shot home from Thomas Muller 's cut back . Despite dominating possession for the rest of the half , Bayern failed to find another opening but they soon had their noses further in front after the break . Granit Xhaka 's blatant handball in the 52nd minute earned the visitors a spot kick with Thomas Muller stepping up to send Marc-Andre ter Stegen the wrong way and double their advantage . Gladbach immediately set about trying to repair the damage . Patrick Herrmann hit the post with an effort in the 63rd minute before being played in by Raffael two minutes later only scuff his shot . But it was Bayern who continued to dominate proceedings hogging two thirds of possession for the majority of the match . In the final ten minutes , Guardiola brought on Arjen Robben who returned to action following a six-week layoff after gashing his knee in December . The win takes Bayern to 47 points , ten points clear of second-place Leverkusen . Sami Hyypia 's side travel to Freiburg on Saturday while fourth-place Borussia Dortmund will leapfrog Monchengladbach if they beat Augsburg at the Westfalenstadion .	Reigning German and European champions coast to 2-0 win at Monchengladbach Bundesliga returning to action after a winter break Second place Leverkusen travel to Freiburg on Saturday
LONDON , England  CNN  -- An American professor doing research in London stumbled across a series of previously unknown letters written by , to , and about Benjamin Franklin , a stunning find that sheds new light on early U.S. history . The letters cover Benjamin Franklin 's success in dealing with a British general . The collection of 47 letters are hand-written copies made 250 years ago , when Franklin lived in London . That they were filed under the copyist 's name , not Franklin 's , may explain why they were overlooked by historians until now , said a curator at the British Library , where the letters are held . The find is reported in the April issue of the William & Mary Quarterly , a journal of early American history and culture . The letters are important in large part because they offer a "  wealth of new details " that affect modern understanding of Franklin , writes Alan Houston , the political science professor who discovered the letters in the spring of 2007 . They also raise the question of how many other documents remain waiting to be found on Franklin and his life . Houston , a professor at the University of California at San Diego , discovered the letters on the last day of his last research trip to London , just before the library 's closing time . "  The first item was a letter from Benjamin Franklin to the secretary of the governor of Maryland , and I looked at it and I started to read , and I thought , ` This does n't look familiar , ' " Houston told CNN . "  I 've read everything Franklin ever wrote . " Houston said he quickly began to realize he had uncovered something previously unknown to historians . "  I swear , I just about shot through the ceiling I was so excited , " he said . "  It 's like finding a treasure chest . " Houston had been working at the time on a book on Franklin , "  Benjamin Franklin and the Politics of Improvement , " published last year . The letters cover Franklin 's success in dealing with British Gen. Edward Braddock , who had been sent to Pennsylvania in 1755 to defeat the French at Fort Duquesne , in modern-day Pittsburgh . The march to retake the fort was part of the French and British battle for control of the western lands in the colonies , part of a larger struggle for control of North America , Houston said . The problem was that Braddock was given no horses or wagons when he arrived in America -- no means of transport for him and his 2,000 redcoats . Braddock started to blame his hosts , so Franklin -- the Pennsylvania assembly 's leading politician -- stepped in to help . Franklin went all over Pennsylvania trying to persuade farmers to lend their horses and wagons to Braddock and his men . It was n't easy , because the farmers were tough negotiators who were also anxious and suspicious of the effort . Eventually , Franklin managed to get the farmers to agree , and within weeks , Braddock and his men were on the march . Braddock suffered a devastating defeat before he even reached the fort , however , when a much smaller contingent of French and Indian soldiers surprised the British . They killed Braddock and about 1,000 of his men . Despite the defeat , Franklin 's success -- in what became known as "  the wagon affair " -- highlighted his skill as a colonial leader , Houston said . When Franklin was sent to London in 1757 as a representative of the assembly , he brought with him a collection of letters detailing that success . It was proof of his political value to Great Britain and that the assembly 's loyalties had been on the right side . This collection of letters , which Franklin referred to in his autobiography as his "  quire book , " was never found , however -- until now . Houston said he believes the documents he read at the British Library are copies of that collection . They were made by Thomas Birch , an industrious and obsessive transcriber of historical documents who copied anything he could get his hands on . "  There was a vogue . It was very common for letters to be copied , " said Matthew Shaw , curator of the U.S. collections at the British Library . "  Birch was very well known for being a copyist . " Birch and Franklin were friends in London , both members of the Royal Society , and Houston said he believes the copies were made sometime between 1757 and 1758 . "  Birch undoubtedly found Franklin 's quire book captivating , and he appears to have copied anything that remotely interested him , " Houston writes in the journal . Also , Braddock 's campaign and defeat were widely discussed in London , and "  Birch may have wanted to capture a crucial moment in the life of the  Royal  society 's most famous American member . " Birch 's transcripts were filed in the British Library as "  Copies of Letters relating to the March of General Braddock . " They form part of the massive Birch Collection containing the hundreds of volumes of his copies that Birch bequeathed to the library on his death , said Shaw . They were n't properly catalogued until the early 1970s , Shaw said , which is largely why they have n't been used by scholars . "  It 's the first time they 've really been shared with a wider audience , " Shaw told CNN . "  We 're very pleased . "	Collection of letters by , to , and about Benjamin Franklin found in London Letters were copied by hand and had been filed under copyist 's name Letters concern war between British and French for control of North America Franklin was sent to London in 1757 to represent Pennsylvania 's assembly
CNN  -- Stories about weight loss usually have a beginning , middle and end . How did these people gain so much weight ? What made them decide to change ? And how much do they weigh now ? But in real life , weight loss is n't that linear . Matthew Shack has struggled with his weight since college when a knee injury ended his promising football career . The 35-year-old from Oxnard , California , has lost more than 100 pounds several times , only to gain it back . "  My being overweight is just -- I do n't know why it 's happened to me , " Shack says . "  I do n't know why I  continue to  overeat . " After dropping out of college to join the work force , Shack ate out three meals a day , seven days a week . By his 20th birthday , the 6-foot-3 computer consultant weighed 400 pounds . He decided he wanted a girlfriend and knew it would be difficult to find one at his current size . So he started working out several hours a day . In six months , he lost 100 pounds . A short time later he met Amy . While the two were dating , Shack caught mononucleosis , or mono . For months , he slept 12 to 18 hours a day and slowly regained the weight he had lost . Amy did n't care . She had started gaining weight in middle school and never stopped . When she met Shack in 2000 , she carried 180 pounds on her 5-foot-1 frame . The couple married after three years together . When she got pregnant with their first son , Sidney , Amy weighed 220 pounds . When she delivered their second son , James , two years later , she weighed more than 300 . "  We were eating out , and having fun , and we just kept on getting bigger and bigger , " Amy remembers . Medical emergency motivates couple to lose 538 pounds The Shacks really wanted a girl to complete their family , but Amy had trouble getting pregnant again . After undergoing infertility treatment without success , they decided to become foster parents . The interview process was brutal . "  You guys are so large , what are you going to do when you die ? " Amy recalls the agency asking . "  Who 's going to take care of the children when you pass on ? " It was something neither had considered . On June 22 , 2009 , the Shacks celebrated their sixth anniversary at Outback Steakhouse . While they chowed down on Aussie cheese fries , several rounds of bread and butter , salad , French onion soup , an 18-ounce prime rib , baked potatoes with the works and dessert , the couple realized they had to make a change . "  We knew we were heading down a path we were n't going to be able to come back from , " Shack says . Amy decided that she would undergo gastric bypass surgery . Never a foodie like Shack , she figured the surgery would be the simplest way to cut back on her portion sizes . Shack made an appointment at his doctor 's office to weigh in because his home scale would n't go past 350 pounds . He figured he would top out at 400 pounds -- 450 max . When the doctor 's scale hit 500 , he was floored . Shack decided to use the app LoseIt ! to track his calories . He created a spreadsheet and figured out how much he needed to eat every day to reach his goal weight of 235 pounds in 14 months . "  At the end of the day , losing weight is really just a big math equation -- calories in , calories out , " he says . Amy had her surgery the following month . "  The next day , it felt like a truck hit me , " she says . But she pushed through the pain , altered her diet to eat small amounts every couple of hours , and lost 100 pounds in five months . Two months later , Amy found out she was pregnant . It was a girl . She lost another 40 pounds during pregnancy , which worried her obstetrician . But a healthy Samantha Shack was born on November 1 , 2010 . TV reporter : Lose weight or lose my job Shack saw quick results as well . He restricted his calories to 1,400 a day and lost his first 100 pounds in a few months . By September 2010 he had lost 265 pounds and had reached his goal weight . LoseIt ! called him its biggest loser ever . That should have been the end of Shack 's story . But while losing weight is hard , keeping it off often can be even harder . Shack stopped counting his calories and tried to stick to a healthy diet without constantly monitoring it . He barely noticed when the pounds started to creep back on . "  Since my frame is so large , I do n't gain weight in my stomach , I gain it head to toe , " he explains . Over the next two years he reached 300 pounds , then 340 . He and Amy became foster parents , and a new influx of kids reminded Shack why he had lost weight in the first place . In April 2012 , he decided he wanted to do a "  century " bike ride of 100 miles . Between April and November 2012 , he lost 100 pounds in training . After the bike race he regained some , then dropped some . He recently started gaining again when he lost his job . But he 's aware of his pattern -- and has a plan to tackle the extra pounds . "  I have n't been able to find my magic bullet , " he said . "  There 's usually some motivation point that makes me want to lose weight . Once I hit that goal , I kind of lose my motivation . " Amy has maintained her goal weight of 160 pounds for more than three years . She finished a half marathon in January . She stays active -- "  when you have six kids , they are your activity " -- and continues to monitor what she eats closely . She knows people have gained back their weight even after gastric bypass surgery . "  I 'm going to battle my weight for the rest of my life , " she says . No one 's weight loss story really has an end . The goal of a healthy lifestyle is to avoid ending the tale too soon .	Matthew and Amy Shack have lost a combined 425 pounds Amy Shack had gastric bypass surgery , and she closely monitors her diet Matthew Shack struggles to keep the pounds off but has a plan in place
London  CNN  -- A "  once-in-a-lifetime " exhibition of paintings and drawings by Renaissance master Leonardo da Vinci opened in London Wednesday . The show , "  Leonardo da Vinci : Painter at the Court of Milan , " at London 's National Gallery includes nine of da Vinci 's 15 surviving paintings -- the first time so many of the artist 's paintings have been exhibited together . The estimated insurance value of the works on show is $ 2 billion . "  I think this is maybe a once-in-a-lifetime experience , " said Luke Syson , curator of Italian painting before 1500 for The National Gallery . "  The exhibition  sort of tops everything , it 's a moment in history really . " Highlights include the recently rediscovered "  Salvator Mundi " and the first version of "  The Virgin of the Rocks , " which has never before left the Louvre Museum , Paris . It is being exhibited opposite the National Gallery 's recently restored version of "  The Virgin of the Rocks . " The show focuses on the period of da Vinci 's life when he was living and working at the Sforza Court in Milan as a painter and engineer for the Duke . It was during this time that he produced paintings such as "  La Belle Ferronniere , " "  The Lady with an Ermine , " his first version of "  The Virgin of the Rocks , " "  Madonna Litta , " and fresco "  The Last Supper . " All of these works , barring "  The Last Supper "  which is painted onto the wall of a church in Milan  are on view at the National Gallery . A copy of "  The Last Supper , " painted by da Vinci 's contemporary Giampietrino , is on display . It was an important period for da Vinci , says Syson , and the exhibition charts his evolution as a painter and thinker . He developed his concept of painting as a science , where he equated seeing with perceiving -- a radical idea in the 15th century . "  Da Vinci  thought that the eye and what you could see was the most important way of experiencing the world and that painting could encapsulate all that was visible and invisible in it . "  He 's  getting closer to the belief that a painter in some ways imitates the mind of God himself ,  his  own creativity is akin to god 's creation and it 's a huge leap , " he said . It was also during this period that da Vinci became interested in the sciences and especially anatomy , and the many drawings on display show a furious mind , constantly thinking , sketching and pushing at its intellectual limits . Also on public view for the very first time as a Leonardo da Vinci painting is the "  Salvator Mundi , " displayed alongside preparatory drawings . According to art historian Richard Stemp , "  To suddenly have a new painting by Leonardo when he painted so few in the first place is enormously exciting . " He added that , despite the painting 's rigorous authentication process , there are still going to be art historians who "  will want to go along and see that it 's not by Leonardo . " To put his work into context , paintings by da Vinci 's associates and pupils , including Giovanni Antonio Boltraffio  originally thought to have been the painter of "  Salvator Mundi "  and Giovanni Ambrogio de Predis are also included in the show . One of the key themes in the exhibition is beauty . Da Vinci used geometry to refine proportions and adhered to prevalent ideals of beauty in his work , said Syson . The aim was to achieve perfection . "  Leonardo realized that paintings could make you fall in love , and in order to do that you needed to be amazed by a kind of absolutely essential beauty , " he said . "  What he 's showing is a painter that can  not only  record beauty but create beauty above all , " he continued . Many of the drawings featured in the "  Leonardo -- The Lost Painting " are held in the Royal Collection : royalcollection.org.uk	Landmark exhibition in London brings nine Leonardo da Vinci paintings together Highlights include newly rediscovered work "  Salvator Mundi " Show features both versions of "  The Virgin of the Rocks , " shown together for first time Exhibition described as "  once-in-a-lifetime " by National Gallery curator
London , England  CNN  -- A number of Latin American countries have rushed to offer their support to Argentina in its long-running territorial dispute with Britain over the Falkland Islands . This week Britain began drilling for oil in the waters off the archipelago , despite opposition from Buenos Aires which claims sovereignty over the islands it calls Las Malvinas . The project has reignited tensions between the two countries , who fought a brief war over the islands in 1982 , with Argentine President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner accusing London of ignoring international law . Argentina says the natural resources around the islands , which lie in the South Atlantic Ocean off the Argentinean coast , should be protected , and Britain must accept international resolutions labeling the Falklands a disputed area . Mexico 's President Felipe Calderon weighed into the dispute late Monday when he said a number of countries in the region had drafted a document in support of their South American neighbor . Speaking at a summit of Latin American leaders in the Mexican resort of Playa Del Carmen , Calderon claimed Ecuador , Chile , Guatemala , Bolivia and Venezuela had all backed Argentina 's opposition to the drilling . "  We have approved a declaration in which leaders of countries and governments present here reaffirm their support for the Republic of Argentina 's legitimate rights in its sovereignty dispute with the United Kingdom , " he said in a statement issued by Argentine officials . Ecuador 's President Rafael Correa offered his country 's "  unconditional support " to Argentina , while his Chilean counterpart Michelle Bachelet said , "  We not only support our sister republic 's claims to the Malvinas islands but every year we present its case to the United Nations ' Special Committee on Decolonization . " Venezuela 's outspoken leader Hugo Chavez also reiterated his support for Argentina . "  We support unconditionally the Argentine government and the Argentine people in their complaints , " Chavez told reporters Tuesday , according to Reuters.com . "  That sea and that land belongs to Argentina and to Latin America . " A day earlier , Chavez had used his weekly televised address to make a direct appeal to Britain 's Queen Elizabeth II . "  Look , England , how long are you going to be in Las Malvinas ? Queen of England , I 'm talking to you , " he said . "  The time for empires are over , have n't you noticed ? Return the Malvinas to the Argentine people . " On Monday , British oil and gas exploration company Desire Petroleum announced that its Ocean Guardian rig had started drilling an exploration well in the North Falkland Basin , some 100 kilometers  60 miles  north of the islands . Desire estimates that the North Falkland Basin could contain 3.5 billion barrels of oil as well as having "  significant gas potential . " The exploratory drilling is expected to last around 30 days , a spokesman for the company told CNN . But the prospect of Britain making a highly lucrative discovery in region has infuriated Buenos Aires . This has to do with the defense of the interests of Argentineans , not just about sovereignty , " Argentine Cabinet Chief Anibal Fernandez said last week , adding that Argentina lays claim not just to the islands , but to any resources that could be found there . In a statement last week , the Falkland Islands government , which represents its 2,500 residents , said it had "  every right to develop a hydrocarbons industry within our waters . " "  The British government has clearly stated that they support our right to develop legitimate business , " it said . "  The British government have also reiterated their stance on our British sovereignty . "	Argentina and UK at odds over ownership of South Atlantic islands Falklands government says it has "  every right " to develop hydrocarbons industry Mexican president says a number of countries in the region support Argentina 's position Venezuela 's outspoken leader Hugo Chavez urges Britain to return the islands
CNN  -- How do you like your sport ? Blood , sweat , tears and a nailbiting finish , no doubt . But what about death ? If it were highly likely at least one competitor would die during a race , would you still watch it on TV ? Or place a bet on the outcome ? And how different would your answer be if the athletes were not humans , but horses , asks animal welfare activists . Those uncomfortable questions are unlikely to deter the 600 million people in 140 countries tuning in on Saturday to watch the hardest -- and most spectacular -- horse race of its kind in the world ; Britain 's Grand National . Each year , around 40 thoroughbreds leap over 30 fences in a thrilling 10-minute dash , with more than $ 300 million bet on the race in the UK alone . Part of the Grand National 's huge appeal is the difficult and unpredictable 7.24 kilometer course . But with that difficult and unpredictable course comes a cost -- in the last 50 years of the race , 36 horses have died before crossing the finish line . For animal rights campaigners , the competition is viewed as a cruel death trap . For organizers , and indeed the 70,000 punters attending each year , it 's the country 's biggest , brightest sporting event . "  If you totally nullify the risk of the course , then you also nullify any element of challenge -- and the Grand National is the ultimate challenge , " David Williams , spokesman at betting agency Ladbrokes , told CNN . "  Each of us has to look into our own souls and ask ourselves if that risk is a price we 're willing to pay , and that 's not an easy answer . " Rich betting tradition From schools , to offices , and local pubs across the country , the Grand National sweepstake -- in which everyone is allocated a horse to bet on -- is an annual fixture . "  It is the biggest betting event of the entire year . It 's a very British tradition , " Williams said . "  Children are brought up with it . I remember watching it with my grandparents and betting with matchsticks . " Launched in 1839 , the historic race holds a special place in the public 's imagination , transcending the sports pages with its dramatic Aintree course and flamboyant Liverpool crowd . And despite two horses fracturing their legs and later being euthanized at last year 's race -- including the favorite , Synchronized -- enthusiasm for the competition does n't appear to be waning . "  The bottom line is , it has n't had a significant impact at all , " Williams said . "  The betting public do n't appear to be particularly put off by the issue of horse welfare . " Death trap ? Thoroughbreds usually die by falling on one of the fences , breaking a limb , and later being put down . Some also die from injuries during the race or heart attacks . "  Other jump races have uniform fences with a standard height of 4 foot 6 inches  1.4 meters  , " Dene Stansall , horse racing consultant at Animal Aid , told CNN . "  But at the Grand National each fence is a different height , style or slant . The ground might be lower or higher on the take-off or landing side and all these things throw the horse 's center of gravity . " He said punters remained largely apathetic about horse deaths , continuing to bet in droves . "  A lot of people are very blase about it , they do n't have any emotional interest other than monetary gain and the thrill of the race , " he added . "  What you do n't see on TV is the horse with a broken back or a bullet in its head . It 's horrific to see an animal so desperate to keep up with the pack , struggling to get up on three legs with that one snapped leg just swinging round and round . " Or ultimate challenge ? Aintree bosses have made safety improvements to the course in recent years , including moving the starting gate 100 yards away from the noisy crowd , and padding the fences with softer materials . "  We 're working very hard to reduce injuries , but unfortunately you can never totally reduce risk , " the race course 's managing director , John Baker , told CNN . "  Horse deaths are part-and-parcel of life in general . A horse can get injured just as easily exercising in a field . " Qatar 's six-star luxury hotel ... for horses Baker stressed how well cared-for the thoroughbreds were by dedicated teams of trainers , stablehands and jockeys . Similarly , jockey Katie Walsh , who finished third on Seabass last year , told London 's Radio Times this week that the horses were looked-after "  better than some children " . Asked if he thought the public had been put off by nine horse deaths in the last 10 years , Baker pointed to the huge numbers still watching the race every year . "  Eleven million people watched it on the BBC last year -- more than the football , which is supposed to be our national sport , " he said . "  It suggests that the Grand National remains extremely popular and there 's no sign of that decreasing . "	Britain 's most popular sporting event , The Grand National , will be run on Saturday Forty horses jump over 30 fences in world 's toughest steeplechase race Thirty-six horses have died in last 50 years in "  cruel sport " say animal rights activists Organizers say it is the greatest challenge for jumps horses , continuing to attract punters
Teresopolis , Brazil  CNN  -- Leticia Lima was buried up to her neck in mud . Her forehead was crushed and her teeth knocked out . "  I remember my mother shouting , and a loud noise . I hugged my baby tight . That 's the last thing I remember , " she said , lying bandaged in a hospital bed . Her baby and her mother did n't make it . They were among at least 759 people killed after flooding and massive mudslides flattened houses and wiped out entire neighborhoods in hillside towns of Rio de Janeiro state last week . Other states in the South American country have also seen heavy rainfall . Last week , authorities in neighboring Sao Paulo state said 24 people had been killed by flooding . Victims like Leticia Lima repeat stories of loss and survival throughout the Clinical Hospital of Teresopolis -- located in one of the hardest hit cities . "  On the first day , we treated 178 people in less than 12 hours , " hospital director Rosane Rodrigues Costa said . Liziel Madureira was one of them . He managed to grab his 5-year-old son , but saw half of his family swept away . He then went on to save his neighbor and her three children . "  I would do it all again , " he said . "  What else could I do ? " His 18-year-old daughter Erica also survived -- by climbing into a refrigerator . "  It shook and shook , " she said . "  I opened the door and it was floating . " She cried as she recounted the experience , and said the family was still searching for her mother 's body . As the rains subside , donations are pouring in from around the country . A gymnasium in Teresopolis is packed with stacks of clothes , water , rice and beans . Residents said they are starting to think about the future . Erica has hope because she made it this far . But she said she is worried . She is the only woman left in her family .	"  I hugged my baby tight . That 's the last thing I remember , " one survivor recalls An 18-year-old describes taking cover inside a refrigerator The official death toll in Rio de Janeiro state is 759 At least 24 people have been killed in the neighboring state of Sao Paulo
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- A truck carrying fuel for NATO forces was set ablaze Tuesday by suspected militants in Pakistan 's southwestern province of Balochistan , police said . The truck was on its way to NATO forces in Afghanistan when unknown assailants ambushed it and set it on fire near Quetta , the provincial capital near the Pakistan-Afghan border , said police official Muhammad Khalil . Trucks carrying fuel and supplies for NATO forces have become frequent targets of militants opposed to American presence in the region .	The truck is set on fire near Quetta Trucks carrying fuel and supplies to NATO forces are frequent targets
CNN  -- I have been a professional educator for 40 years . I have worked at every level of the public school spectrumâ $ " elementary through high school . Having been in education for such a long time , I have witnessed many changes , all aimed at school improvement . Needless to say , not all the suggestions have been sensible . What may appear to be a good idea on paper , or when sitting around a table in discussion of it , does not always make for good reality , especially at the schoolhouse . It is important to note that most of the dictates for schools are proposed by people who have never taught . Regardless of the studies and research aimed at school improvement , I believe good educators have always known what makes schools work more efficiently . However , we get bogged down in rhetoric and what is "  hot " at the moment . I believe that sustained school improvement will take guts  good old fashioned courage  , focus and stamina . Here are a few tenets that make sense to me : If a child is not present at school , he or she can not possibly learn . Schools that consistently report high student achievement consistently have students with great attendance . Yet one of our greatest school problems is student attendance . Why do we have to beg parents to get their children to school , to convince them that we need their children present and as stress free as possible ? A parent asked me once why her child needed to come to school every day . She was actually upset that the school district had a policy that addressed absent and tardy children . She said it was not the school 's business to tell her how to raise her children . Of course , that did not make sense . Students are often caught in the middle of home/school discord . We should be on the same page ! In an ideal world , all parents would recognize the need for excellence and consistency . Until the world reaches that ideal state , we must continue to strive for improved communication between home and school . TED.com : How schools kill creativity All children must have a champion , one who makes solid and sensible decisions that will help them grow into mature , happy and reliable adults . It does not have to be a parent , but it has to be someone . And while it makes sense to hold home to a standard , where are our standards for educators ? Why do we allow incompetence to remain ? Doing so does not make sense . Many poor teachers stay on the job for decades and it is often the poorest schools that are saddled with the poorest teachers . I am not aware of any corporate entity  other than schools  that passes incompetence around in a circle . If it is proven that a teacher ca n't teach  as indicated by low student performance , low enthusiasm , non-existent relationships with students and co-workers  why are n't they fired ? Sports franchises look for the best players and coaches to create a winning team . They hire scouts to find the best personnel and pay them accordingly . I believe that if we paid for excellence and then insisted on it , the academic complexion of our schools would change dramatically . At the public schoolhouse , the players are on the team by default . Public school educators do not get to choose who makes the team and who does n't . Everyone who walks on the field must be coached They may not all be first string , all of them may not make the college or pro team , but they must all know how the game is played and the rules for doing so . It is impossible to create an excellent team with inferior coaching , with players who are allowed to make up their own rules . Championship schools and classrooms are deliberate , not accidental . TED.com : Your elusive creative genius It makes sense to pay attention -- our students give us clues about their lives every day . Signs that a student will potentially drop out are evident long before high school , but that is often when we begin to take notice . Negative and belligerent attitudes , poor academic performance , low attendance rates and a failure to develop positive relationships are evident early on in many children . However , our school counselors and social workers have been cut from the school budget , or have been assigned other duties . A large percentage of children who drop out of high school read far below grade level . The problem presents itself at the elementary level , yet children are continuously passed on . Would n't it make more sense to intensely focus on teaching students to read ? Instead , we opt for placing them in special education . Not wanting to be considered "  mentally retarded , " children are embarrassed and angry and therefore drop out socially long before their physical departure . TED.com : Where does creativity hide ? It makes sense to create a winning spirit in children . All may not want to attend college , but that is what we push for all . Why do we make the students who want to learn a skill or trade feel inferior to their college bound counterparts ? That does n't seem fair , nor does it make sense . We have basically told children that they will be useless citizens without a college degree . The last time I needed a plumber , I did n't ask for his college diploma , I checked for this level of expertise and proof of customer satisfaction . Teachers should encourage skill excellence and passion for whatever students choose to do or become . It just makes sense . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Rita Pierson .	Rita Pierson : Education is beset by fads , but there are some basic truths It takes guts to hold students and teachers accountable , she says If a child is n't present , he or she ca n't learn ; fire teachers who always fail , she says Pierson : Do n't push every child to go to college or make them feel worthless if they do n't
Rolling Stone  -- It did n't take long for everyone involved in the Rebecca Black story to start squabbling . Black -- whose song "  Friday " hit Number 38 on Billboard 's digital singles chart this week -- and her mother , Georgina Marquez Kelly , are accusing Ark Music Factory , which produced "  Friday , " of copyright infringement and unlawful exploitation of publicity rights . A March 29 letter from Black and Marquez Kelly 's lawyer Brian Schall to Ark Music Factory obtained by Rolling Stone alleges that Ark has failed to provide Black with the master recordings of her song and video ; has been exploiting her likeness and her song on YouTube , iTunes , Amazon and Ark 's website ; created an unauthorized "  Friday " ringtone ; and has been advertising Black as an exclusive Ark recording artist on its website . Rob Sheffield : Why Rebecca Black is a Demon-Wizard Child Piper In an interview with Rolling Stone , Ark Music Factory founder Patrice Wilson denied most of the allegations in the letter . "  I have met with Rebecca Black 's mom and everything is fine , " he said . "  She will get the masters and the song . They can have it all . " Marquez Kelly paid Ark $ 4,000  not $ 2,000 , as has been widely reported  to produce the song , and according to Schall 's letter , the agreement that she signed with Ark in November stipulates that Black has 100 percent ownership and control of "  Friday , " including the master recording and the music video . Black shot the video for "  Friday " in January , and the Ark team finished it a few weeks later . It was uploaded to YouTube on February 10 , but it only had around 4,000 views until it was posted on comedian Daniel Tosh 's "  Tosh.O " Comedy Central blog on March 11 , and comedian Michael J. Nelson tweeted about it . Overnight , it had gotten over 200,000 views , and by March 15 , it had over 5 million views on YouTube . And after her "  Good Morning America " appearance on March 18 , she had evolved from a meme to a celebrity . What You Need to Know About Teen Viral Phenom Rebecca Black "  She 's not our exclusive artist , " said Wilson . "  Once an artist meets with us and once they blow up , they have a choice to retain us or move on if they can . Rebecca is now signed with someone else . " Wilson added that he will remove Black from the Ark Music Factory website . But Ark 's lawyer , Barry Rothman , cast doubt on the validity of the November agreement . "  The agreement was not court-approved , " Rothman said . "  They say they own the composition . Nothing could be further from the truth . If they go forward and license it or attempt to copyright it in their name , that would be copyright infringement and we 'd act accordingly under the circumstances . " He added : "  We 're not prepared to engage them in producing documents just because they want them , without a court order or litigation . We 'd like to see Rebecca Black 's career go forward and we 're trying to accomplish that in the context of working through the legalities . " Wilson 's Ark Music Factory partner Clarence Jey contended that Ark did act as a record label for Black , and distributed and promoted her with her mother 's consent -- until it became clear that Black was going to make actual money . "  Now they are turning it around and saying they were exploited , but clearly that is not the case when they were thanking me for forwarding them all the interviews with Rebecca and all the positive comments from YouTube , " said Jey . "  I was calling Australia on my cell phone pretending to be Rebecca 's agent and setting up radio interviews for Rebecca while Georgina was right next to me . If she thought I was exploiting this , she could have said it . " Why Rebecca Black 's Much-Mocked Viral Hit ` Friday ' is Actually Good "  Georgina 's trying to get the rights to things she does n't have the rights to , " said Ark Creative Director Barry Wayne . Neither Marquez Kelly nor Schall returned calls for comment . Black is the first real success to come out of the Los Angeles-based Ark , whose website was registered in August 2010 by Wilson . Ark 's biggest successes other than Black are the singer Alana Lee Hamilton 's "  Butterflies , " which has close to 6 million YouTube views , and Kaya Rosenthal 's "  Ca n't Get You Out of My Mind , " which has 1.7 million YouTube views . "  Suddenly , everyone is seeing big dollars and everyone is getting greedy and it sucks , " said Jey , who claims that his team wrote the music and lyrics to "  Friday . " "  My team just needs to be looked after to some extent . They need to be compensated for something . " He argued that Black should own the master recording for her vocals , but that Ark should have copyright for the song and composition . "  We gave Rebecca 10 percent of the publishing , but she did n't even write a lyric . "  Good Morning America " came over , I paid $ 400 for the make up artist and no one even thanked me for that . " And now it seems as though Ark 's success may be its undoing . Wilson recently hired his own lawyer , and Jey alleges that Wilson wo n't give him access to the website . "  Yesterday we were supposed to have a meeting at my attorney 's place . I did n't hear from him all day . He sent me a text message late at night saying , ` Sorry , brother , I 've had a busy day . ' In the meantime he 's going around saying I 'm not with Ark. " Copyright © 2011 Rolling Stone .	Marquez Kelly paid Ark $ 4,000 to produce the song Black shot her video in January , and the Ark team finished it a few weeks later Ark has failed to provide Black with the master recordings of her song and video
Seoul , South Korea  CNN  -- Campus protests against rising tuition fees are considered a ritual at South Korean universities . Each year the tuition goes up , students bring out banners and loudspeakers , shave their heads , take over the university president 's office and use other creative methods to get the schools to cut back on tuition . The fight usually comes to an end by the time flowers start blooming on campus . But final exams are almost over in the country and students are still protesting . This year they are not fighting with their schools , they have taken to the streets , sometimes in the thousands , and are pointing their fingers at the government . "  Halve the tuition , " is their slogan . Students and parents say they are tired of the unaffordable prices , lack of scholarships and paling quality of college education . Stories of students and fathers committing suicide due to the pressure of tuition circulated in the local media earlier this year , and students are frustrated with President Lee Myung-bak for not having kept his campaign promise to reduce college tuition by half if he was voted into power . The administration said it was the president 's pledge to reduce private education in half that was taken out of context by protesters . However , the government said it understands the importance of education and is coordinating with related ministries to help find a solution . Whatever the promise , students say the cost of tuition and living is too high . Taking classes , doing assignments , and taking on part-time jobs in their free time , they say , leaves no room for self-development . The average tuition fee at a private university can cost up to $ 7,000 U.S. , while the average income hovers above the $ 20,000 mark . South Korea has the third highest tuition among OECD countries but falls behind the average of those in state scholarships and student loans , according to the Ministry of Education . Lee Hye-su , a 22-year-old journalism major , believes student loans are better than nothing . She is in her sophomore year and is roughly $ 16,000 in debt . Having been fired from a campus restaurant with only a day 's warning , she is now living on what little savings she has and needs to find another part-time job . Lee said , after her freshman year , she was n't sure she wanted to continue pursuing a university education . So she took a year off , she said . "  I was n't sure if the education I was receiving was worth all these loans , " Lee said . However , Lee decided that in a country where more than 80 % of students go to university , if she did n't earn a college degree she would not stand a chance in the job market . To get through her university education , Lee said she will take another year off to patch up her financial troubles . "  In the case of tuition , I 'm taking out student loans , so I 'll be focusing on making money for living costs . At least for tuition fees I can take out loans for now , " said Lee . By the time she graduates , Lee will have accumulated nearly $ 32,000 in student loans . This is why Lee took part in a major student rally in Seoul earlier this month , and said she continues to attend the demonstrations as long as they last . She is hoping collective voices will make a change . By her side is her friend Lim Cho-youn , who has taken out $ 15,000 in student loans and relies heavily on her parents for financial support . She said she is not proud of that . "  I ca n't ask my parents to shoulder all of that for me , so I 'm usually working part-time jobs non-stop , " Lim said at the protest . Lim goes to classes four days a week and works nine-hour shifts at a supermarket for the remaining three days . "  I personally want the tuition to be cheaper , but I think that 's not something I can do on my own . I think everyone needs to come together with their opinion so that our voices are heard , and I think it 's important that everyone takes action together , " she said .	South Korean students protest high tuition fees Students say South Korea 's president did n't keep promise to halve tuition costs University tuition fee average $ 7,000 , while income is $ 20,000 in South Korea
About 10.3 million Americans gained health coverage this year , primarily as a result of the Affordable Care Act , according to a study by the federal government and Harvard University , published Wednesday in the New England Journal of Medicine . The estimate of newly insured adults -- the largest to date -- is the first published in a major medical journal and authored by some federal health researchers . The federal government had previously reported that about 8 million people bought private health plans on the state and federal exchanges and 6.6 million additional people enrolled in Medicaid since last October . But it has not estimated how many of those had been previously uninsured . The Obama administration took pains yesterday to say that the views of the study 's authors are not those of the administration -- even as it hailed their findings . FAQ : What the Obamacare court decisions mean for you "  We are committed to providing every American with access to quality , affordable health services and this study reaffirms that the Affordable Care Act has set us on a path toward achieving that goal , " Health and Human Services Secretary Sylvia Burwell said in a statement . "  This study also reaffirms that expanding Medicaid under the Affordable Care Act is important for coverage , as well as a good deal for states . " The study found that the number of uninsured adults fell by a little over 5 % nationally , from 21 % in September 2013 to 16.3 % in April 2014 , with the most significant declines in the 26 states that expanded Medicaid under the health law . While all groups saw reduced uninsurance , the largest changes occurred among Latinos , blacks and adults between the ages of 18 and 34 -- groups that had been targeted for outreach , the study found . The analysis was based on data from a Gallup-Healthways Well-Being Index , a daily telephone survey of more than 400,000 adults conducted from January 2012 through June 2014 , which the researchers purchased from Gallup . It also took into account other surveys and changes in the economy and trends in insurance coverage . Researchers stressed the data 's limitations , saying the estimate might range from 7.3 to 17.2 million adults depending on the assumptions . They noted that the Gallup-Healthways data does not include information on children 's insurance coverage . It also does n't take account of the young adults who were able to stay on their parent 's policies because it does not go back before 2012 . CNN Poll : Is Obamacare working ? "  The Gallup data , which draws on an enormous sample , paint a compelling picture , finding a substantial drop in uninsurance since the beginning of the first open enrollment period , precisely where we would expect to see it -- in states that expanded Medicaid coverage and in income groups targeted by Medicaid or the new subsidies for coverage , " said Genevieve Kenney , a senior fellow at the nonpartisan Urban Institute . The analysis found that more adults  approximately 4.4 million  also reported having a personal doctor and fewer  5.3 million  reported experiencing difficulties paying for medical care . "  The pattern of coverage gains was consistent with the effects of the ACA , with major gains for persons likely to be eligible for expanded Medicaid on the basis of their income and state of residence , but smaller and nonsignificant changes for low-income adults in states without Medicaid expansion , " the study said . About 48 million Americans , or 15.4 % of the population , lacked health insurance in 2012 , according to the latest Census Bureau report from last year . Why court 's blow to Obamacare wo n't stick	According to a joint study , 10 million Americans gained health coverage this year The gain was due primarily to the Affordable Care Act There was a 5 % drop in uninsured adults from September 2013 to April 2014
CNN  -- The first nine months of this year has seen more pirate attacks than all of last year . And more than half of those attacks were carried out by suspected Somali pirates , an international maritime watchdog group said Wednesday . The increase in attacks has forced many countries to patrol pirate hotspots such as the Gulf of Aden . "  The increased activity in Somalia is the major reason for the spike , " said Cyrus Mody , manager of the International Maritime Bureau , which monitors shipping crimes . From January 1 until September 30 , pirates worldwide mounted 306 attacks , compared with 293 in all of 2008 , the Bureau said . Of the incidents this year , Somali pirates accounted for 54 percent : they launched 168 attacks . Most of them took place off the east coast of Somalia and in the Gulf of Aden , a major shipping route between Yemen and Somalia . They successfully hijacked 32 vessels and took 533 hostages . Eight others were wounded , four more killed and one is missing , the Bureau said . Somali pirates are still holding four ships for ransom with 80 crew members as hostages . Somalia 's transitional government , which has a tenuous grip on power , has been unable to stop the pirates -- many of whom are based in the port cities . This has prompted Europe and other Western countries to step up maritime patrols . "  In the Gulf of Aden , the number of attacks have gone up . But because of the presence of naval vessels , the success rate of the pirates have decreased , " Mody said . "  The navies are responding very very effectively . " Today 's pirates are a far cry from the eye-patched , peg-legged swashbucklers of Hollywood . They don night-vision goggles , carry rocket launchers and navigate with global positioning devices . Many pirates are trained fighters ; others are young thugs enlisted for the job . Experts say they often sail out to sea in a mother ship and wait for a target . When they find one , the pirates board smaller boats and move in , typically with five to seven armed hijackers per boat . Two recent trends have led to a rise in piracy : access and opportunity . As global commerce picks up , more and more of the world 's fuels , minerals and other crucial commodities travel by ship . Ninety-five percent of America 's foreign trade , for instance , moves by water , according to the U.S. Maritime Administration . That cargo is an easy target for robbers in countries that lack the resources to secure their shorelines , such as Somalia . Those who have tracked pirate activity say it started in Somalia in the 1980s , when the pirates claimed they were aiming to stop the rampant illegal fishing and dumping that continues to this day off the Somali coast . Piracy accelerated after the fall of the Somali government in the early 1990s and began to flourish after shipping companies started paying ransoms . Those payments started out being in the tens of thousands of dollars and have since climbed into the millions . With the ransoms they collect , pirates can earn up to $ 40,000 a year , analysts say . That 's a fortune for someone from an impoverished country . Some analysts say companies are simply making the problem worse by paying the piracies . "  Yes , the ransoms have probably caused the piracy to become a bit more rampant . But at the same time , from the owner 's point of view , there is no other way currently to secure the safe release of the vessel along with the crew and the cargo , " Mody said . "  It 's basically a cycle . " Other trouble spots this year were waters off Nigeria , with 20 attacks ; Malaysia with 14 ; and Bangladesh with 12 .	Somali pirates accounted for 54 percent of all attacks this year Most of them took place off east coast of Somalia and in Gulf of Aden Somali pirates are still holding four ships for ransom Other trouble spots were waters off Nigeria , Malaysia and Bangladesh
NAIROBI , Kenya  CNN  -- George Obama , the half brother of U.S. President Barack Obama , told CNN on Sunday that he was released from a Kenyan jail hours after his arrest on suspicion of marijuana possession . George Obama was arrested in Kenya on suspicion of marijuana possession , according to police . Kenyan police did not confirm whether George Obama was still in their custody . Obama spoke to CNN from his cell phone , and a relative also said he was released . He said he was arrested on Saturday and released later that day . Obama was arrested on suspicion of possession of cannabis , known in Kenya as bhang , and resisting arrest , Inspector Augustine Mutembei said . He was held at Huruma police post in Kenya 's capital , Nairobi , and scheduled to appear in court Monday , Mutembei said . But Obama told CNN all charges against him were dropped . Police would not comment on that . Speaking from behind bars on Saturday , Obama denied the allegations . "  They took me from my home , " he said . "  I do n't know why they are charging me . " George Obama and the president barely know each other , though they have met . George Obama was one of the few people closely related to the president who did not attend the inauguration in Washington . In his memoir , "  Dreams from My Father , " Barack Obama describes meeting George as a "  painful affair . " His trip to Kenya meant meeting family he had never known . CNN tracked down George Obama in August 2008 and found him at a small house in Huruma , a Nairobi slum , where he lives with his mother 's extended family . His birth certificate shows he is Barack Obama 's half brother . The two men share the same Kenyan father . In the memoir , Barack Obama struggles to reconcile with his father after he left him and his mother when he was a child . Barack Obama Sr. died in a car accident when George was 6 months old . And like his half brother , George hardly knew his father . George was his father 's last child and had not been aware of his famous half brother until he rose to prominence in the Democratic primaries last year . Unlike his grandmother in Kogela , in western Kenya , George Obama received little attention from the media until reports about him surfaced in August 2008 . The reports sprung from an Italian Vanity Fair article saying George Obama lived in a shack and was "  earning less than a dollar a day . " The reports left George Obama angry . "  I was brought up well . I live well even now , " he said . "  The magazines , they have exaggerated everything . "  I think I kind of like it here . There are some challenges , but maybe it is just like where you come from , there are the same challenges , " Obama said . Obama , who is in his mid-20s , said at the time that he was learning to become a mechanic and was active in youth groups in Huruma . He said he tries to help the community as much as he can .	George Obama says he 's out of jail , that charges against him have been dropped Kenyan police wo n't confirm George Obama 's statements George Obama was arrested in Kenya on suspicion of marijuana possession Man is half-brother of U.S. President Barack Obama
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- If history is any guide , President Barack Obama will reach for the stars during his State of the Union address Tuesday night . But in the end , reality will bring his plans back down to Earth . Obama 's "  blueprint " for 2012 may run into similar partisan roadblocks that trimmed his lofty hopes for last year . "  There are absolutely things that remain undone that need to be done , " White House spokesman Jay Carney admitted to reporters on Monday even as he touted a "  fairly comprehensive list of proposals " that he believes the president has achieved . Ambition is taking the fall for unfinished business . "  If you got through a year and you achieved everything on your list then you probably did n't aim high enough , " Carney said . CNNMoney : 4 things to look for in speech Among the president 's unmet promises from last year 's address are pledges to increase investment in clean energy , take action on the status of illegal immigrants , fund new infrastructure projects , overhaul social security and let the Bush tax cuts on the highest income bracket expire . The president submitted proposals to Congress addressing some of his 2011 pledges , including on infrastructure spending and the tax cuts , but Republicans promptly rejected those measures . On other issues , including entitlement reform , a simplification to the tax code , and addressing illegal immigration , no concrete plan from the White House ever reached Congress . But the White House can point to some concrete achievements outlined in last year 's address . These include the passage of trade deals with South Korea , Panama and Colombia ; an end to the war in Iraq ; and a repeal of the "  1099 provision " that was said to burden small businesses ' bookkeeping efforts relating to health care coverage . Even before the president utters the first words of his carefully crafted 2012 speech , Republicans are sending loud signals that there will be little to applaud . "  This year , the president 's prospects for hope and change are even smaller , " Republican National Committee press secretary Kirsten Kukowski said . Read a pre-release transcript of the speech Some of the president 's policy proposals that White House aides describe as ambitious will require congressional approval , and most of those "  may be dead on arrival in Congress , " Kukowski predicted . But the president 's tone is expected to be matched with a call for action . "  He rejects the idea that nothing can get done in an election year , " Carney said . Seizing on the economy as his principal theme , Obama gave a preview of the speech to supporters in a video released by his re-election campaign . In what he called a "  blueprint for an American economy that 's built to last , " the president said manufacturing , energy , education and values would be the foundation for building an "  economy that works for everyone , not just a wealthy few . " He 'll fill in the details during the speech , but a Democratic source briefed on the current draft of the State of the Union gave CNN a preview of what will be proposed : • A tax code that lets the Bush tax cuts expire and the wealthy pay more • More refinancing for homeowners in trouble • Additional tax breaks for companies that create jobs in the United States • More clean energy incentives • Enhanced education and job training initiatives • A renewed call for the so-called Buffett rule , a minimum tax rate for the wealthiest Americans • The creation of a China task force to monitor trade violations These proposals come after months of deliberations behind the scenes . The president held a conference call last week with state legislators , mayors and tribal leaders "  to hear their ideas about the state of the union , " a senior administration official told CNN . Through draft after draft , top aides have described the president as "  very engaged " in the process . He worked with chief speechwriter Jon Favreau and others on his policy team to "  refine it . " Tweaks will continue until delivery . Looking to draw in viewers beyond the traditional television networks , the White House will host an interactive live-streamed version of the speech on its website at www.whitehouse.gov/sotu . Senior administration officials are expected to take part in a post-address discussion that will include a live audience and questions from Twitter , Facebook and Google . Another sales pitch will involve the president hitting the road Wednesday with a three-day , five-state tour . He 'll tackle one of the main pillars laid out in his address each day , according to a senior administration official . On Wednesday it will be manufacturing ; Thursday , energy and energy security , and Friday , American skills and innovation . Republicans consider the highly touted tour a tax-funded campaign trip , with convenient visits to states that could be key to the president 's re-election efforts . "  Obama 's speech wo n't be as important for the policy agenda he lays out ... as for the political campaign it sets for the next nine months , " the RNC 's Kukowski said . "  Perhaps that 's why he will travel to Iowa , Arizona , Nevada , Colorado and Michigan , all potentially swing states in the election . " The White House brushes aside that criticism and redirects attention to the president 's primary goal of fixing the economy and creating jobs . Top aides insist that despite predictions of more gridlock , there 's no reason proposals that will be detailed in the State of the Union address ca n't find bipartisan support . And while some of last year 's promises went unmet , Tuesday night 's address will be no less ambitious . "  You should n't trim your sails because of that , " Carney said . CNN 's Alex Mooney contributed to this report .	White House admits some plans announced last year have n't been carried out President rejects idea "  nothing can get done in an election year , " White House says Some plans are likely dead on arrival in Congress , Republican National Committee says
Crucial talks on ending Syrian control of its chemical weapons began Thursday in Geneva with the top negotiators -- U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry and Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov -- offering similar goals but different ideas on how to reach them . "  This is not a game , " Kerry said , making clear that a U.S. threat to attack Syria for allegedly gassing its own people remained an option if the negotiations failed to prove Syria and its ally Russia were serious about the Syrian regime handing over its chemical weapons stockpiles . Any agreement reached must be "  comprehensive , " "  verifiable , " "  credible " and "  able to be implemented in a timely fashion , " Kerry said , adding that "  there ought to be consequences if it does n't take place . " Lavrov , speaking in Russian , called for following established rules and protocols in the process for Syria to join the Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons and said that a solution "  will make unnecessary " a military strike on Syria . Also Thursday , Syrian U.N. Ambassdor Bashar Ja'afari said his country formally asked to join the chemical weapons convention that bans such arms . However , the challenge facing negotiators was made clear by Syrian President Bashar al-Assad , who told Russian TV that his country would only agree to turn over its chemical weapons when the United States drops its threat to attack . "  This does not mean that Syria will sign these documents , carry out the conditions and that 's it , " al-Assad said , referring to the global convention against chemical weapons . "  This bilateral process is based , first of all , on the United States stopping its policy of threatening Syria . " In the interview , al-Assad said joining the convention gives Syria a standard 30 days to provide information on its stockpiles to the international community . Kerry appeared to reject that in his opening remarks for the talks with Lavrov . Referring to al-Assad 's comment , Kerry said : "  We believe there is nothing standard about this process " because of the August 21 chemical weapons attack in suburban Damascus that the United States estimates killed more than 1,400 people . Reiterating the U.S. contention that al-Assad 's regime was responsible , Kerry said "  we have in no uncertain terms made it clear that we can not allow that to happen again . " The planned two days of meetings in Geneva by full diplomatic teams , including weapons experts , were considered a litmus test by President Barack Obama 's administration for whether Russia is serious in pushing its ally Syria to give up hundreds of tons of chemical arms . Otherwise , Obama argues for targeted military strikes intended to inhibit Syria 's ability to use its chemical weapons and deter it from considering doing so . Key developments in Syria crisis Skepticism that Russia plan may be stall tactic Kerry first publicly broached the idea of Syria turning over control of its chemical weapons , responding to a journalist 's question Monday that such a move would prevent a U.S. attack . In a move that appeared to catch the Obama administration by surprise , Russia then formally proposed putting the Syrian chemical arsenal under international control and al-Assad 's regime said it agreed . The ongoing U.S.-Russia negotiations in Geneva aimed to work out details on taking control of Syria 's chemical weapons , setting the stage for a related U.N. Security Council resolution . However , Russia 's steadfast opposition to any U.N. action on Syria raises questions about whether the talks in Geneva are merely a stall tactic to put off the U.S. attack Obama is threatening . As a permanent member of the Security Council , Russia has so far blocked U.N. action sought by the United States and European allies against al-Assad 's regime over chemical weapons . That track record fuels questions in the United States about the sincerity of the new Russian proposal for Syria to turn over control of its chemical weapons , with concerns it is a stall tactic to put off a U.S. attack or some other form of international response . Kerry told Syrian opposition leaders Thursday that he entered the talks with Lavrov "  from a position of skepticism , " said a senior State Department official on condition of not being identified . That sentiment was echoed by House Speaker John Boehner in Washington . "  I have doubts about the motives of the Russians and Assad , " Boehner said . U.N. report on Syria coming Obama had tried to put together a NATO coalition to attack Syria . But he ran into roadblocks , like the vote by Britain 's parliament -- a normally reliable party -- opting not to participate . He then asked Congress to authorize a military response in Syria , but appeared in danger of losing that vote until the Russian proposal emerged Monday to provide a diplomatic opening . While Kerry was in Geneva , Obama met with the rest of his Cabinet on Thursday and wished his absent secretary well . "  I am hopeful that the discussions that Secretary Kerry has with Foreign Minister Lavrov as well as some of the other players in this can yield a concrete result , " Obama told reporters . "  And I know that he is going to working very hard over the next several days to see what the possibilities are there . " Former U.S. Defense Secretary William Cohen told CNN on Thursday that Kerry will have his hands full with Lavrov , whom Cohen described as "  very , very skilled , " "  bright , " "  articulate " and "  a very tough negotiator . " Thursday 's initial session revealed some of the dynamic between Kerry and Lavrov . In their opening statements , Lavrov spoke first with mostly technical comments and then Kerry followed with longer and more forceful remarks . When he finished , Lavrov asked to respond and said he had n't come "  prepared with the extended political statement , " adding that "  diplomacy likes silence . " Kerry then asked the translator to repeat Lavrov 's final comment , but when that did n't happen , Lavrov tried to assure Kerry there was no problem . "  You want me to take your word for it ? It 's a little early for that , " Kerry said , smiling , as the two men shook hands for the cameras . In some potential good news for Obama , French Foreign Minister Laurent Fabius said Thursday that a U.N. report on the August attack in Syria will "  probably " be published on Monday , and that there will "  certainly be indications " pointing to the origin of the attack . France and other U.S. allies have said they want any international response on Syria to come under U.N. auspices , and the report by inspectors who traveled to the site of the attack would be a first step toward generating support for a Security Council resolution . Obama makes case for action The president insists he has the authority to attack Syria without congressional approval , but says he decided to seek the support of legislators for the sake of national unity . In a speech Tuesday night , Obama made moral and strategic arguments for taking action on Syria , challenging Congress and the American public to look at video footage of victims and saying that letting al-Assad get away with it would harm the security of the United States and its allies . Analysis : Obama a winner or loser on Syria ? Opponents of a U.S. military strike argue that it could lead to another quagmire in someone else 's civil war , and that Obama 's proposal for limited strikes would fail to achieve the objective of eliminating the threat of Syria 's chemical weapons . Russian President Vladimir Putin injected himself into the American debate with an opinion piece first published late Wednesday on the New York Times website that argued against U.S. military intervention in Syria and implicitly criticized Obama . The White House shrugged off Putin 's jabs at Obama as "  irrelevant , " arguing that Russia 's diplomatic intervention over Syria 's chemical weapons meant that Putin now was "  fully invested " in removing them from al-Assad 's control . Meanwhile , a U.S. official told CNN that CIA-funded weapons have begun flowing to Syrian rebels , as pledged by the administration in June . The artillery described as light weapons , some anti-tank weapons and ammunition are not American-made , but are funded and organized by the CIA . They started to reach rebels about two weeks ago , the official said . Gen. Salim Idriss , the head of the Free Syrian Army , told CNN 's Christian Amanpour on Thursday that U.S. aid was reaching the rebels , though he did n't detail whether that support includes weapons . "  We are getting now a lot of support from our American friends , but I ca n't talk in detail about all kinds of the support , " Idriss said . Congress approved supplying weapons to the rebels after the administration asserted earlier this year that the al-Assad regime had used chemical weapons on a small scale . Before that , Obama had rejected calls by his national security team and members of Congress to increase direct military aid to the rebels . Those pushing for arming the rebels argue such a step would counter Russian weapons supplied to al-Assad 's forces and strengthen the hand of moderate members of the Syrian opposition , making them less reliant on well-armed Islamic extremist elements within their ranks . But a senior U.S. military official has said , "  we do not see a clear division between moderates and extremists , " making it hard to back the opposition without supporting extremist elements as well . While one U.S. official says "  only a minority are extremist " -- a reference to rebel fighters tied to the al Qaeda-linked al-Nusra Front -- U.S. officials familiar with intelligence assessments say many more rebel fighters than belong to that group may want to establish an Islamic state in Syria . On the other side of the bloody war , al-Assad 's forces are getting support from at least 2,000 members of Hezbollah -- a pro-Syrian group based in Lebanon that the United States has designed as a terrorist organization -- U.S. officials estimate .	Many rebel fighters want to establish an Islamist state in Syria , U.S. officials say Kerry says there should be consequences if Syria fails to turn over chemical arms Russia is proposing that Syria turn over its chemical weapons to international control Some in U.S. question Moscow 's sincerity given its persistent backing of Syria
