CNN  -- Expectations are high for Sebastian Vettel this year . And , as Formula One 's youngest double world champion , you might expect some of that success to go to his head . But one of the men who knows him best , and whose job it is to channel the skills that have put Red Bull at the top of elite motorsport , is adamant that he is working with a "  grounded superstar . " Team principal Christian Horner is in no doubt that the 24-year-old German driver , who returned to the wheel in the third day of testing in Spain will continue to be a perfect role model . "  He is a great champion and a great ambassador for the sport , " Horner told F1 's official website . "  He connects to his age group in a fantastic way as he has all the ` features ' of a modern-day hero . Can Senna restore the romance to Formula One ? "  He is fiercely competitive in the cockpit and very down to earth and approachable outside the car . People see his personality . "  He is a grounded superstar , if such a thing exists . That 's why his popularity has mushroomed so much over the last few years . " The Red Bull Racing name is now established as F1 's dominant force despite this year being just the Austrian-owned team 's eighth in the sport . Horner is pleased with the rapid progress the Britain-based marque has made , and challenged the team to carry their championship-winning form into 2012 . "  2011 was an incredible year for the team and it is amazing what we have achieved , " he said . "  Defending both world titles obviously raises the bar again for 2012 , and of course our goal and objective is to defend both trophies again . They look perfect on the shelf in our factory . "  Red Bull Racing has n't been in F1 long , which means that we are competing with teams with some phenomenal history and a lot of knowledge to fall back on . So we are taking nothing for granted . " Horner anticipates a full-blooded battle for the drivers ' and constructors ' titles this season , which starts with the Australian Grand Prix in Melbourne on March 18 . British team McLaren boast world champions in Lewis Hamilton  2008  and Jenson Button , who triumphed the following year with Brawn GP and was runner-up last season . Legendary Italian marque Ferrari , who have won a record 16 constructors ' titles , will be led by Spanish two-time world champion Fernando Alonso . "  We know that McLaren is always a strong team , " Horner said . "  They have two great drivers so they definitely will be pushing very hard . "  Fernando Alonso and Ferrari will also be strong opponents . So yes , they will be the usual suspects . "	Red Bull team principal Christian Horner calls Sebastian Vettel a "  grounded superstar " German driver is the youngest to win back-to-back world championships The 24-year-old made his return to the track on Thursday at the Jerez test event Horner is predicting a close battle for the drivers ' and constructors ' crowns in 2012
CNN  -- The decision to increase U.S. troop deployments to Iraq is n't a sign the U.S. strategy against ISIS is failing , but rather a signal the campaign is entering a new phase , President Barack Obama said in an interview broadcast Sunday on the CBS news program "  Face the Nation . " The additional 1,500 troops are being sent to help train Iraqi army soldiers and militia fighters to battle ISIS on the ground after weeks of U.S. and allied airstrikes . "  The airstrikes have been very effective in degrading ISIL 's capabilities and slowing the advance that they were making , " Obama told the show . "  Now what we need is ground troops , Iraqi ground troops , that can start pushing them back . " ISIL is another acronym for ISIS . U.S. forces will not go into combat , Obama said , reiterating previous promises that there wo n't be a U.S. ground role in the fighting . But , he said , the United States will provide local troops with "  close air support " once they are ready to go on the offensive against ISIS .	NEW : Decision to send Iraq more trainers reflects new phase in ISIS fight , Obama says NEW : "  Now what we need is ground troops , Iraqi ground troops , " Obama tells CBS NEW : Obama on Iran 's role in Iraq : "  Do n't mess with us . We 're not here to mess with you " More death in Syria as government bombs kill 21 in ISIS-controlled town
CNN  -- Geddy Kramer said he suffered from mental instability , frustration and depression . But as the 19-year-old embarked on a planned massacre at a FedEx facility north of Atlanta , he expressed no sadness , no regrets . "  I 'm in my happy place , " Kramer wrote . "  I 'm in my happy place . I 'm in my happy place . " These and other jarring statements attributed to Kramer , and released Friday to CNN , do not offer a specific reason why Kramer shot and wounded six people late last month at a FedEx package and delivery facility in Kennesaw , before turning a gun on himself . They do , however , help paint a picture of a man who felt isolated , did drugs and had mental issues . The violent outburst was n't the result of a sudden decision , he explained , but "  more of a several-month snap . " "  This was n't the result of media brainwashing and subliminal messages , " Kramer said . "  This is my own doing . I 'm a sociopath . I want to hurt people . " The Cobb County Police Department released the shooter 's apparent thoughts in the form of a pair of brief handwritten notes . One labeled "  final requests " was found in Kramer 's vehicle outside the FedEx facility , and the other is a three-page note titled "  My final thoughts on paper " that was in his house in nearby Acworth . Shortly before 6 a.m. on April 29 , Kramer entered the 500,000-square-foot facility and began shooting , according to police . Authorities fielded "  numerous " 911 calls in the immediate aftermath , according to Cobb County Police Sgt. Dana Pierce , until Kramer apparently killed himself . In the message later found in his car , Kramer said that his "  first choice for my massacre would start with anyone who sold me drugs and a few others . " He added that he 'd tried "  to get help from ... a therapist , but I 've also medicated with several types of drugs , most of which were illegal . " Kramer insists that no music or video games spurred his attack , saying without elaborating that "  this was personally and , I guess , to a small extent politically motivated . " "  I 'm not sad or sorry for the misery I 've caused , " he wrote . Family is ` shocked and devastated '	Police in Georgia release two notes they say are from 19-year-old Geddy Kramer Kramer shot six people , then killed himself at FedEx facility last month , police say The teen calls himself "  a sociopath " who had a history of drug use , mental issues He does n't regret the violence , saying : ` I 'm in my happy place '
CNN  -- The Venezuelan government detained 243 protesters in a swift , predawn operation targeting four campsites set up at public squares around Caracas , the capital . Officials say the Thursday operation involved more than 900 members of the Venezuelan National Guard and police . But anti-government demonstrators who witnessed the operation complained about the way it was carried out . Pedro GÃ ³ mez , one of those staying at a campsite , told CNN en EspaÃ ± ol that "  the National Guard showed up and destroyed the campsite . They came against us in a totally violent way . " Venezuelan Peace and Justice Minister Miguel Rodriguez said he had no option but to deploy security forces to ensure public safety . "  Beyond the protest movement they intended to maintain at the campsites , they had become generators of violence in those sectors of the city ; they had committed acts of terrorism , " Rodriguez said . In a televised conference , the minister also said security forces found illegal drugs , explosives , tear gas and weapons at the campsites belonging to many of the detained demonstrators . Clashes between anti-government protesters and security forces have left more than 40 people dead and around 800 injured since February , according to officials . Attorney General Luisa Ortega Diaz said Thursday that 32 of the dead are civilians and the rest members of the National Guard and police . The crisis is cause for concern beyond Venezuela . The United Nations human rights office is voicing concern about the way security forces cleared the protesters ' campsites at the four public squares . Rupert Colville , spokesman for the Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights in Geneva , called on the Venezuelan government to ensure the right of freedom of expression . "  We unequivocally condemn all violence by all sides in Venezuela . We are particularly concerned at the reported excessive use of force by the authorities in response to protests , " said Colville . In Washington , senators introduced a bill to impose sanctions on Venezuelan government officials who , they claim , are guilty of human rights violations . Florida Republican Sen. Marco Rubio was one of those leading the charge , making serious accusations against top Venezuelan government officials . "  There was a young man sodomized in Venezuela by government forces . There have been women that have been threatened , " Rubio said . Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro called the bill an act of aggression against Venezuela and promised a bold response , including shutting down Venezuelan consulates around the United States . "  If we have to close down consulates , if we have to close down the embassy in order to defend Venezuela , who is going to be affected ? Huh ? Those -LSB- Venezuelans -RSB- who live in the United States , " Maduro said at a public event broadcast live on national TV . Venezuelan immigrants in Florida were not intimidated . Natalia Tovar , a Venezuelan-born Miami resident , was getting ready to travel to Washington . She told CNN affiliate WSVN she was making the journey in support of the bill , which includes economic sanctions against specific Venezuelan officials . "  Some of the other sanctions recognize Venezuela as a dictatorship , which it is , because right now we have high levels of censorship , we have scarcity , there 's a medical crisis , " Tovar said . Maduro says protesters are "  fascists and extreme right thugs " who are trying to destabilize the government to promote a coup . Protesters call Maduro a dictator who has ruined the Venezuelan economy with failed socialist policies . The attempted rape of a young student on a university campus in the southwestern city of San Cristobal galvanized students , who took to the streets to speak against crime , shortages , blackouts and a dire economic situation .	Venezuelan authorities detain 243 protesters They raid the campsites the protesters were staying in The protesters complain about the operation
London  CNN  -- British Prime Minister David Cameron said Friday protesters who resorted to violence Thursday night will "  feel the full force of the law , " and blamed them for wreaking havoc in London during the pre-Christmas weeks . Addressing reporters , Cameron defended the government 's contentious move to triple tuiton at UK universities and said protesters , not the police , should be blamed for last night 's chaos on Parliament street and nearby areas and for attacking a car transporting Prince Charles and Camilla , the Duchess of Cornwall . "  I immediately rang the Prince of Wales , " said Cameron , a reference to Prince Charles . "  We need to learn the lesson of this incident , " he said . On Friday , police sifted through rubble strewn over London 's Parliament square , searching for clues and culprits in Thursday night 's protests , where students , enraged by the triple tuition hike , broke windows and ambushed the royal vehicle . "  It is not the fault of the police , " said Cameron . "  It was the fault of those who tried to smash that car . " Members of the National Union of Students said in its website the group condemns any forms of violence , including from the police . "  Regarding many of the scenes that were witnessed yesterday , whilst it is clear that there were a small number of people involved who were inciting violence , many people were contained for a long period of time when attempting to take part in peaceful protest , " the NUS stated . "  We are calling on the Metropolitan Police to have a full investigation into the clashes yesterday between protesters and the police and for it to look again at its tactics for policing demonstrations , " it said . A photo of the royal couple , dressed in evening wear , made headlines as it showed the startled expressions on their faces as they sat in their Rolls-Royce before exiting for a Royal Variety Performance . The royal couple escaped unhurt . Police said the route had been cleared minutes before the royal couple was due to make their journey . The high-profile incident came late in a day of violent protests that left at least 12 officers and 43 demonstrators hurt . London 's Metropolitan Police issued a statement Friday condemning the protests and alleged vandalism that took place Thursday night , claiming protesters intimidated Christmas shoppers and bystanders . "  This has nothing to do with peaceful protest , " the statement said . "  Students are involved in wanton vandalism including smashing windows in Oxford and Regent streets . " So far , 34 people have been arrested in connection with the protests , and more than 40 protesters have been hospitalized , police said . The protests followed a vote in the House of Commons to approve a plan to raise the existing cap on tuition rates charged by universities from # 3,000 to # 9,000 a year . In U.S. dollars , that 's a nearly $ 10,000 a year increase -- from roughly $ 4,700 to $ 14,000 . Lawmakers approved the plan in a 323-302 vote . The measure awaits approval by the House of Lords and a signature by the queen before it can become law . The vote ended hours of debate inside Parliament . Thousands of demonstrators outside said the plan will price many students out of a university education . Supporters say the tuition cap hike is needed to cut the government 's massive deficit .	Prime Minister David Cameron says protesters who resorted to violence will "  feel the full force of the law " Police not to blame , Cameron said Students enraged by tuition hikes National Union of Students condemns violence The NUS is calling for full investigation into police tactics
Washington  CNN  -- The Pentagon on Wednesday began sending out to troops a survey of more than 100 questions seeking their views on the impact of repealing the "  do n't ask , do n't tell " restrictions prohibiting gays and lesbians from openly serving in the U.S. military . An administration official confirmed to CNN that the survey is being sent to 200,000 active duty troops and 200,000 reserve troops . The official declined to be identified because the survey has not officially been made public . The survey , which service members can expect to receive via e-mail , asks about such issues as how unit morale or readiness might be affected if a commander is believed to be gay or lesbian ; the need to maintain personal standards of conduct ; and how repeal might affect willingness to serve in the military . The survey also asks a number of questions aimed at identifying problems that could occur when troops live and work in close quarters in overseas war zones . For example , the questionnaire asks military members how they would react if they had to share a room , bathrooms , and open-bay showers in a war zone with other service members believed to be gay or lesbian . There also are several questions about reactions to dealing with same-sex partners in social situations . The Pentagon established a team to conduct the survey earlier this year . President Barack Obama , Defense Secretary Robert Gates , and Joint Chiefs of Staff Chairman Adm. Mike Mullen have all publicly backed a repeal of the current policy . Defense Department officials insist the survey is aimed at determining the impact of a repeal -- not whether repeal should happen . Several members of the Joint Chiefs of Staff have said they want to see the results of the survey before they offer their final advice on the impact of a repeal to Obama and Gates . In May , the House of Representatives approved a plan that would repeal the "  do n't ask , do n't tell " policy after the military 's internal review is completed and Obama , Gates , and Mullen to sign off on the policy change . The Senate , however , did not pass the measure . According to a senior U.S. military official with direct knowledge of the review process , the military needs until the end of 2010 to figure out how to implement a repeal of "  do n't ask , do n't tell " in terms of housing , medical and marriage benefits , as well as issues involving the reinstatement of gay soldiers previously discharged under the policy . A major problem might be determining how to reconcile the repeal of "  do n't ask , do n't tell " with federal law that defines marriage as between a man a woman , the official said . In addition to distributing the survey , the Pentagon has also been soliciting opinions in a number of private meetings with troops . The results of the review will not be available until December , the official said . CNN 's Alan Silverleib contributed to this report	Troops are receiving a Pentagon survey on gays in the military The survey was sent to 200,000 active duty and 200,000 reserve troops It asks for thoughts on ramifications of a "  do n't ask , do n't tell " repeal Obama backs the repeal of restrictions on gays serving openly in military
CNN  -- Bundle up ; it 's about to get chilly . We 're not talking about a nip in the air , either . By midweek , locales throughout the United States will have seen high temperatures up to 20 degrees below average , according to CNN and National Weather Service forecasters . As a cold front moves through the Plains and Great Lakes toward the Eastern United States -- bringing some light snow , especially in the higher elevations of the Appalachian Mountains and in areas impacted by lake effect -- temperatures are expected to drop significantly beginning Monday . The Plains could see high temperatures 15 to 20 degrees below average Monday and Tuesday . By Wednesday , the chill will grip the Northeast and Southeast , pushing the mercury about 20 degrees below average . "  A strong front extending from the Great Lakes to the Central Plains will move eastward off the East Coast and southward to the Gulf of Mexico by Tuesday evening . Cold high pressure over South-Central Canada will sink southward to the Middle Mississippi Valley/Central Plains also by Tuesday evening , " according to the National Weather Service . Residents from the Missouri Valley to the northern Rocky Mountains can expect snow Monday , the weather service said . Rain or snow can be expected Tuesday through much of the Great Lakes area , down to Tennessee and eastward toward the Carolinas and southern New England . "  Meanwhile , a front over the Eastern Pacific will move to the West Coast and dissipate on Tuesday morning . The system will produce light to moderate rain along the West Coast from the Pacific Northwest to Northern California late Monday night to Tuesday morning , " the weather service said . The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention has tips for how to stay warm and what to do in the event of cold-related illnesses .	Some high temperatures in U.S. could dip to 20 degrees below the average Rockies , Appalachians and areas impacted by lake effect could see some snow Plains , Northeast and Southeast may see most anomalous temperatures
Just hours after delivery , a baby born with HIV in Mississippi was given high doses of three antiretroviral drugs . Two and half years later , doctors say the little girl still has no evidence of the life-threatening disease in her blood , despite being taken off medication . It 's a potential game changer in the fight against the virus that causes AIDS , and it happened almost by accident . The unidentified girl was born to a mother who received no prenatal care and was not diagnosed as HIV positive herself until just before delivery , according to a case report published this week in the New England Journal of Medicine . Researchers : Toddler cured of HIV "  We did n't have the opportunity to treat the mom during the pregnancy as we would like to be able do to prevent transmission to the baby , " said Dr. Hannah Gay , a pediatric HIV specialist at the University of Mississippi Medical Center . Doctors administered the antiretroviral drugs 30 hours after the girl was born in hopes of controlling the virus . Within a couple of days , Gay confirmed the child was HIV positive . She said the baby had probably been infected in the womb . The child remained on antiretroviral drugs for approximately 15 months . Her mother then stopped administering the drug for some reason , Gay said . The child has not received any antiretroviral drugs since that time , according to the report . In March , researchers announced that the girl was the first child to be "  functionally cured " of HIV . A "  functional cure " is when the presence of the virus is so small , lifelong treatment is not necessary and standard clinical tests can not detect the virus in the blood . Timeline : AIDS moments to remember Gay told CNN the timing of intervention -- before the baby 's HIV diagnosis -- may deserve "  more emphasis than the particular drugs or number of drugs used . " "  We are hoping that future studies will show that very early institution of effective therapy will result in this same outcome consistently , " she said . High-risk exposure In March , Dr. Katherine Luzuriaga , an immunologist at the University of Massachusetts who worked closely with Gay , called the developments fascinating , including the fact that the toddler was found to have no virus in her blood even after her mother stopped giving her treatment . "  This is the very first case in which we 've conclusively been able to document that the baby was infected and then after a period of treatment has been able to go off treatment without viral rebound , " Luzuriaga told CNN . Read more : Why youths are n't getting tested for HIV Researchers have long known that treating HIV-positive mothers early on is important , because they pass antibodies on to their babies . "  One hundred percent of  HIV-positive  moms will pass those antibodies , but in the absence of treatment , only 30 % of moms will transmit the actual virus , " Luzuriaga told CNN . HIV-positive mothers given appropriate treatment pass on the virus in less than 2 % of cases , Luzuriaga said . "  So all babies are born antibody positive , but only a fraction of babies born to HIV-positive women will actually get the virus , and that fraction depends on whether the mom and baby are getting antiviral prophylaxis  preventative treatment  or not , " Luzuriaga said . Newborns are considered high-risk if their mothers ' HIV infections are not under control or if they are found to be HIV positive when they 're close to delivering . Patients HIV-free for now after transplant Moving quickly to suppress the virus Usually , these infants would get antiviral drugs at preventative doses for six weeks to prevent infection , then start therapy if HIV is diagnosed . Investigators said the Mississippi case may change that practice because it highlights the potential for cure with early standard antiretroviral therapy , or ART . ART is a combination of at least three drugs used to suppress the virus and stop the progression of the disease . But they do not kill the virus . Tests showed the virus in the Mississippi baby 's blood continued to decrease and reached undetectable levels within 29 days of the initial treatment . Dr. Deborah Persaud , a virologist with Johns Hopkins Children 's Center , was lead author on an early report about this case that was presented at a conference . The early treatment likely led to the infant 's cure , she said . ` Like pulling teeth ' to get doctors to test for HIV "  Prompt antiviral therapy in newborns that begins within days of exposure may help infants clear the virus and achieve long-term remission without lifelong treatment by preventing such viral hideouts from forming in the first place , " Persaud said . Persaud and Luzuriaga are part of a group of researchers working to explore and document possible pediatric HIV cure cases . The group was funded by a grant from amfAR , the Foundation for AIDS Research , and the National Institutes of Health . Dr. Rowena Johnston , amfAR vice president and director of research , said it is "  imperative that we learn more about a newborn 's immune system , how it differs from an adult 's and what factors made it possible for the child to be cured . " Dr. Anthony Fauci , director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases at the National Institutes of Health , said in March that he was enthusiastic about the findings . "  The best way to either eliminate the virus or allow the immune system to suppress residual virus is to treat someone as early as possible after infection so as not to allow a substantial reservoir of the virus to take hold , " Fauci told CNN . "  At the same time , you prevent the immune system from being severely damaged by the continual replication of  the  virus for an extended period of time , " he said . "  The situation with a child born of an infected mother where most of the infections are transmitted to the newborn at or around the time of delivery provides an excellent opportunity to cure an infected baby , and this approach deserves further study . " HIV may be ` functionally cured ' in some ` Berlin patient ' Researchers say the only other documented case of an HIV cure is that of Timothy Brown , known as the "  Berlin patient . " In 2007 , Brown , an HIV-positive American living in Germany , was battling both leukemia and HIV when he underwent a bone marrow transplant that cured not only his cancer but his HIV . In an interview last year , Brown told Dr. Sanjay Gupta , CNN 's chief medical correspondent , he was still HIV-free . "  I 've been tested everywhere possible , " said Brown , who now lives in San Francisco . "  My blood 's been tested by many , many agencies . I 've had two colonoscopies to test to see if they could find HIV in my colon , and they have n't been able to find any . " But Brown 's case is rare . And the procedure , which is extremely dangerous , wo n't work in most patients because the bone marrow he received had a special genetic mutation that made the stem cells in it naturally resistant to the virus . Researchers tell CNN only 1 % of Caucasians -- mostly Northern Europeans -- and no African-Americans or Asians have this particular mutation . In June , five years after he was "  cured , " reports surfaced that "  traces " of the virus had been found in Brown 's blood . Even then , some HIV experts said that does n't matter , that he 's been cured . In fact , many AIDS experts said they believe Brown has experienced what 's called a "  sterilizing " cure , meaning the virus has been eliminated from the body entirely . Routine clinical testing on the Mississippi toddler continues . "  We have formed a hypothesis , " Luzuriaga said , "  and that is already driving the design of new studies and clinical trials that will help us to answer the question of whether by coming in very early we will be able to treat children for a while and then remove them from therapy . " Get the latest news from CNN Health	Doctors say girl who was born HIV positive is HIV-free after 2 1/2 years They treated her with drugs before diagnosis was confirmed She is considered to be "  functionally cured " of HIV , researchers say Researchers hope to one day improve outcomes for other people
CNN  -- The maker of Benadryl and Tylenol has added another popular over-the-counter drug to its growing list of recalled products . The latest recall affects Tylenol 8-hour caplets 50 count , sold in the United States and Puerto Rico . The lot number is BCM155 . Complaints of a musty or moldy odor led to the recall , McNeil Consumer Healthcare said . The odor , the company believes , is caused by the presence of trace amounts of a chemical called 2,4,6-tribromoanisole . McNeil said the "  risk of adverse medical events is remote . " Adverse event reports are consumer complaints of a serious side effect associated with the use of a medical product , according to the U.S. Food and Drug Administration . Adverse events could include death , hospitalization , disability and other health complications . The Johnson and Johnson subsidiary said customers should call 1-888-222-6036 or use the website www.mcneilproductrecall.com for information on how to receive a refund or replacement product . The company has issued several recalls this year of non-prescription cold and pain drugs such as Tylenol , Benadryl and Motrin -- prompting a Congressional inquiry . In November , five lots of Tylenol Arthritis Pain 100 count with the EZ-open cap were recalled for unusual odor leading to nausea , stomach pain , vomiting and diarrhea . In December , the recall was expanded to include all product lots of Tylenol Arthritis Pain caplet 100 count bottles with the red EZ-open cap . In January , the recall was widened to an undisclosed number of Tylenol , Motrin and other over-the-counter drugs after complaints of consumers feeling sick from an odor . In May , 50 children 's versions of these nonprescription medicines were also recalled because of quality and safety concerns . Following the pediatric medicine recall , Johnson and Johnson suspended production at McNeil 's facility in Fort Washington , Pennsylvania , that manufactured the children 's drugs . Last month , Johnson and Johnson CEO William Weldon delivered both a mea culpa and clear admission to lawmakers that his company let the public down through numerous recent drug recalls .	Some 50-count , 8-hour Tylenol caplets are affected The drug maker says the "  risk of adverse medical events is remote " The company has a history of recalls involving drugs such as Benadryl and Motrin
CNN  -- What we know -- and psychiatrists have diagnosed for decades -- as schizophrenia may really be eight separate diseases , research published in The American Journal of Psychiatry suggests . Scientists at Washington University in St. Louis analyzed the DNA of more than 4,000 people with schizophrenia . They matched any gene variations they found in the DNA with study participants ' individual symptoms . In doing so , they found several "  gene clusters " that appear to cause eight distinct classes of schizophrenia , according to a statement from the university . "  Complex diseases , such as schizophrenia , may be influenced by hundreds or thousands of genetic variants that interact with one another in complex ways , " the study authors wrote in their introduction . "  Genes do n't operate by themselves , " Dr. C. Robert Cloninger , one of the study 's senior authors , explained in the statement . "  They function in concert much like an orchestra , and to understand how they 're working , you have to know not just who the members of the orchestra are but how they interact . " Schizophrenia is a chronic brain disorder that affects about 1 % of the population , according to the American Psychiatric Association . Symptoms can vary from hallucinations to disordered speech to attention and decision-making problems . Past studies done on twins and families have shown that about 80 % of the risk for schizophrenia is inherited , the study authors say . A study published in July showed as many as 108 genes may be tied to the mental health disorder . But scientists have had trouble identifying specific genetic variations that put people at risk . The Washington University researchers looked at instances where a single unit of DNA was altered , which is known as a single nucleotide polymorphism , or SNP . Then they identified 42 interactive SNP sets that significantly increased people 's risk of schizophrenia , according to the study . In other words , if study participant Bob had Gene Cluster X , he was 70 % more likely to have schizophrenia than study participant Fred who did n't have that cluster of genes . In some cases , certain gene clusters were matched with close to a 100 % increase in risk . "  In the past , scientists had been looking for associations between individual genes and schizophrenia , " co-author Dr. Dragan Svrakic said in the statement . "  What was missing was the idea that these genes do n't act independently . They work in concert to disrupt the brain 's structure and function , and that results in the illness . " The idea that schizophrenia is not one single disorder is not really new , says Dr. Charles Raison , a professor of psychiatry at the University of Arizona . It 's similar to the way doctors use the term "  breast cancer " to describe several different diseases that cause tumors in the breasts . "  Schizophrenia is probably 80 different diseases , " Raison says . "  All psychiatric conditions likely share this heterogeneity . " There are only so many ways that certain malfunctions in your genetic code can manifest , Raison says . There may be 10 separate gene mutations , but they might only express themselves as one or two symptoms . So what 's causing hallucinations in one person might be different than what 's causing them in another . So why are scientists trying to separate out the different schizophrenia disorders ? Two reasons , Raison says : to help predict who might get schizophrenia , and to help treat it more efficiently . Take , for example , pleurisy , which is a condition where the liquid around your lungs becomes inflamed . Several things can cause pleurisy , including a viral infection , pneumonia or cancer . If you have a drug that treats pneumonia , it 's going to help only a certain percentage of patients with pleurisy . But if you know that your patient 's pleurisy is caused by cancer , you 'll find a different course of treatment . The same could hold true for schizophrenia and other mental health conditions , Raison says . "  In psychiatry land we 're still stuck with pleurisy , " he says . "  They 're descriptions of symptoms , and we only have a vague idea of the underlying causes . "	Researchers say schizophrenia is not one disorder , but eight Genetic variations cause eight classes of schizophrenia Study was published in The American Journal of Psychiatry
A mother forced to drown her own baby and a prison camp inmate compelled to eat rodents and lizards just to survive -- these are some of the horrific experiences documented by a United Nations inquiry into human rights violations in North Korea . According to the man who headed up the study , examples of "  unspeakable atrocities " collected to date suggest widespread abuses on a scale requiring an international response . "  What we have seen and heard so far -- the specificity , detail and shocking character of the personal testimony -- appears without doubt to demand follow-up action by the world community , and accountability on behalf of the Democratic People 's Republic of Korea , " Michael Kirby , chair of the three-member commission of inquiry , told the U.N. 's Human Rights Council Tuesday . The remarks were contained in a draft report updating the council on the work of the commission , ahead of a final report to the U.N. General Assembly slated for March . Pyongyang has refused to cooperate with the investigation and rejects its validity . Kirby said the interim findings were based on testimony given at public hearings in Seoul and Tokyo last month , from sources including North Korean defectors , former regime officials , survivors of political prison camps , and the families of Japanese and South Koreans abducted by North Korean agents . "  The individual testimonies emerging from the public hearings , of which these are just instances , do not represent isolated cases , " he said . "  They are representative of large-scale patterns that may constitute systematic and gross human rights violations . " READ MORE : Defectors describe horror , heartbreak in North Korea 's labor camps Kirby said the inquiry had heard "  from ordinary people who faced torture and imprisonment for doing nothing more than watching foreign soap operas or holding a religious belief . " One woman had given an account of witnessing a female inmate forced to drown her own baby in a bucket , while a man had spoken of being forced to burn the corpses of many prisoners who had died of starvation , before scattering their remains on crops . "  The commission listened to political prison camp survivors who suffered through childhoods of starvation and unspeakable atrocities , as a product of the ` guilt by association ' practice , punishing other generations for a family member 's perceived views or affiliation , " he said , referring to the account of Shin Dong-hyuk , the high-profile North Korean defector whose horrific experiences were documented in the biography "  Escape from Camp 14 . Imprisoned from birth , he said , Shin had eaten "  rodents , lizards and grass to survive , and witness  ed  the public execution of his mother and brother . " Kirby also referred to the testimony given by the parents of Megumi Yokota , a 13-year-old Japanese girl who was abducted by North Korean agents on her way home from school in 1977 . Yokota was one of 13 Japanese kidnapped by North Korea and held in a North Korean facility as a way of training spies ; the regime has said that she and seven others are dead . International attention on North Korea has previously focused on halting its nuclear weapons program , but , in response to increasingly detailed reports of human rights abuses emerging from the isolated state , the U.N. 's Human Rights Council elected in March to establish the commission . Human rights groups estimate that as many as 200,000 people are being held in a network of prison camps in North Korea , as part of a system to crush political dissent . READ MORE : Torture , starvation rife in North Korea 's political prisons Kirby noted that there had been "  rays of hope of change " emerging from North Korea in the past -- including the regime signing an international convention recognizing the rights of the disabled , and moving to reopen the Kaesong industrial complex , operated in cooperation with South Korea -- but these had proven ephemeral . North Korea had stonewalled invitations to participate in the inquiry , he said , with its official news agency rejecting the testimony as "  slander " put forward by "  human scum , " he said . He said the commission would seek to identify which North Korean institutions and officials were responsible for gross human rights violations , but did not clarify the mechanisms through which any prosecutions might occur . North Korea is not a member of the International Criminal Court , but the court is empowered to investigate potential abuse by non-signatories at the request of the U.N. Security Council .	United Nations inquiry looking into human rights violations in North Korea The rights probe documented "  unspeakable atrocities " after witness interviews Commission listened to prison camp survivors who suffered through childhoods of starvation North Korea has rejected this testimony as "  slander " put forward by "  human scum "
CNN  -- Liverpool striker Luiz Suarez apologized Sunday for refusing to shake hands with Manchester United 's Patrice Evra before the start of an English Premier League match . The Uruguay international was widely criticized for Saturday 's snub which came as they met face to face for the first time since he was given an eight-game ban for racially abusing the Frenchman at an earlier fixture between the two clubs in October . United manager Alex Ferguson called Suarez a "  disgrace " while Liverpool managing director Ian Ayre was angered by his own player 's actions . "  We are extremely disappointed Luis Suarez did not shake hands with Patrice Evra before yesterday 's game . The player had told us beforehand that he would , but then chose not to do so , " Ayre told the club 's official website . "  It has been made absolutely clear to Luis Suarez that his behavior was not acceptable , " he added . Suarez , who scored Liverpool 's late goal in the 2-1 defeat , made his public apology later Sunday on the club 's website . "  I have spoken with the manager  Kenny Dalglish  since the game at Old Trafford and I realize I got things wrong . "  I 've not only let him down , but also the club and what it stands for and I 'm sorry . I made a mistake and I regret what happened . "  I should have shaken Patrice Evra 's hand before the game and I want to apologize for my actions . "  I would like to put this whole issue behind me and concentrate on playing football . " The incident before kickoff heightened tensions between the arch rivals and there was a reported incident in the tunnel at halftime . At the final whistle , Evra openly celebrated his team 's victory in close proximity to Suarez and also drew a rebuke from his manager Ferguson . United responded later Sunday to the apology with a statement on their official website : "  Manchester United thanks Liverpool for the apologies issued following Saturday 's game . "  Everyone at Old Trafford wants to move on from this . The history of our two great clubs is one of success and rivalry unparalleled in British football . "  That should be the focus in the future of all those who love the clubs . "	Luis Suarez apologizes for refusing to shake Patrice Evra 's hand Uruguay star says he "  got things wrong " before start of EPL game Suarez criticized by Liverpool managing director Ian Ayre Suarez got eight-game ban for racially abusing Man Utd 's Evra
EW.com  -- After nine seasons , CBS has announced the series finale date for its beloved sitcom "  How I Met Your Mother . " The hit show will conclude with a special one-hour series finale on Monday , March 31 at 8 p.m. Immediately following "  Mother 's " end , CBS will premiere its new comedy "  Friends With Better Lives , " about six friends at very different stages in their lives , at 9 p.m. , after which "  Friends " will move to its regular Monday time slot on April 7 . And thanks to CBS ' new Monday lineup , "  2 Broke Girls " will move to Mondays at 8 p.m. starting April 14 . ` Sleepy Hollow , ' ` How I Met Your Mother , ' ` Revolution , ' ` Supernatural ' : Find out what 's next in the Spoiler Room The full Monday rundown is below : Monday , March 31 8:00 -9:00 PM "  How I Met Your Mother "  One-Hour Series Finale 9:00 -9:30 PM "  Friends With Better Lives "  Special Premiere 9:30 -10:00 PM "  Mom " 10:00 -11:00 PM "  Intelligence " ` How I Met Your Mother ' spin-off gets pilot pick-up Monday , April 7 8:00 -8:30 PM "  The Big Bang Theory " 8:30 -9:00 PM "  Friends With Better Lives "  Time Period Premiere 9:00 PM to conclusion NCAA Men 's Basketball Championship Monday , effective April 14 8:00 -8:30 PM "  2 Broke Girls "  New Time Period 8:30 -9:00 PM "  Friends With Better Lives " 9:00 -9:30 PM "  Mike & Molly " 9:30 -10:00 PM "  Mom " 10:00 -11:00 PM "  Intelligence " See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	CBS has announced a series finale date for "  How I Met Your Mother " The show will end its nine-season run on March 31 Immediately following "  Mother 's " end , CBS will introduce a new comedy
CNN  -- We moved to suburban Akron in January 2003 , just months before LeBron James graduated from St. Vincent-St . Mary High School and was drafted by the Cleveland Cavaliers . My teenage sons were 3 and 5 years old when we became Cavaliers season ticket holders during James ' rookie year . We were faithful Cavs regulars for eight seasons . Four years ago , my son , now 16 , was devastated when James took his talents to Miami . He still has a Cavaliers ' James Fathead poster in his room . James ' house is within walking distance to ours . Our sons went to the same school . My 13-year-old is a bit older , but would chat with and high-five James ' son , LeBron Jr. . James Sr. played basketball with the middle school boys when the school opened a new gym . He talked to the children in the halls , often urging them to do well in school . We 'd see him shopping at Target or Best Buy , but we would give him his space . You see , my sons like James . They grew up with James . He 's their neighbor . And now he 's home . Friday 's announcement that James is returning to northeast Ohio capped off a spectacular week of Cleveland in the national spotlight . On Monday , thanks to the diligence of hardworking local organizers , the Republican National Committee announced its 2016 convention would be hosted in Cleveland . The city is experiencing a renaissance and the world is taking note , even if national media is having a hard time embracing it . For those who had n't noticed , things are indeed hot in Cleveland . A new convention center recently opened , hotels are being built , businesses are moving in , the biotech industry is thriving . The Cleveland Browns have a hopeful new star and the prodigal son is coming home . The sun has never shined as bright in Cleveland as it did Friday . As a crowd gathered Friday afternoon in front of Quicken Loans Arena , home of the Cleveland Cavaliers and host of the RNC 's 2016 convention , residents celebrated . "  Stuff like this does n't happen to Cleveland , " several fans said , repeatedly . Clevelanders have endured the departure of its athletic stars , the failure to win championships of its teams and the mockery that has come from political and sports analysts about why a political convention or the NBA 's biggest star would go to Cleveland . Yes , Cleveland was heartbroken when James announced his decision to go to Miami . But the city 's wrath was never as extreme as the national media played it . Everyone was n't intoxicated and burning jerseys as the ongoing loop on sports television suggested . We were , however , a city scorned . Many , if not most , understood the decision but hated the way it was delivered -- especially the people of Akron . But even then , kids bought the Heat jerseys or James sneakers and followed @KingJames religiously on Twitter . Some men , young and old , even bought plane tickets to watch James play in Miami . Still , James ' departure stung . It hurt . It was personal . He had loyalty tattooed on his chest . For Clevelanders , that was supposed to mean something . Months later , I wrote a personal letter to James that I never mailed . In it , I told him that the choice was his to make but his departure method had made me cringe . The mother in me wished he had gone to The ' Q to shake the hands of the security guards , custodial staff and the kitchen staff and to look in the eyes of Cavaliers leadership while thanking them for unwavering support . I wanted to tell him how much he had bruised our local children . I wanted him to set a better example . I wanted him to know there were still boys in Copley , Bath and Akron who were looking up to him . But today is a new day . Cleveland is standing proud and tall . It 's distinguished by its passion , a passion that outsiders do n't always understand and those of us who live here do n't always appreciate . No other city has greater cheerleaders or bigger fans . As political analysts second-guessed this week 's RNC choice rather than the selection of Dallas and as sports analysts complained about having to spend more time working in Cleveland rather than sipping mojitos on South Beach , the people who live here have a deeply affectionate relationship with the city . As Rachel Talton , a local business owner tweeted , "  It 's been an amazing week for our beloved Cleveland . RNC and LeBron . So exciting . " What the world is witnessing is true civic pride . The kind of pride that comes when you believe you 've worked hard and someone else has finally noticed . Ours is pride that comes from feeling like someone has finally stood up for you . On Friday , LeBron James stood up for Cleveland , for Akron , for northeast Ohio . I never mailed my letter to Mr. James , but I think he has long since gotten the message . Welcome home LeBron . Join us on Facebook.com / CNNOpinion .	Debra Adams Simmons says LeBron James returning is a gift to the region She lives blocks from James ' home and her sons went to the same school Coupled with the RNC announcement , this was a good week for Cleveland
CNN  -- Machines have surpassed humans in physical strength , speed and stamina . What would happen if machines surpassed human intellect as well ? The question is not just hypothetical ; we need to start taking this possibility seriously . Most people might scoff at the prospect of machines outsmarting humanity . After all , even though today 's artificial intelligence can beat humans within narrow domains  such as chess or trivia games  , machine brains are still extremely rudimentary in general intelligence . Machines currently lack the flexible learning and reasoning ability that enables an average human to master any of thousands of different occupations , as well as all the tasks of daily life . In particular , while computers are useful accessories to scientists , they are very , very far from doing the interesting parts of the research themselves . But this could change . We know that evolutionary processes can produce human-level general intelligence , because they have already done so at least once in Earth 's history . How quickly engineers achieve a similar feat is still an open question . By 2050 we may , according to a recent survey of leading artificial intelligence researchers , have a 50/50 chance of achieving human-level machine intelligence  defined here as "  one that can carry out most human professions at least as well as a typical human "  . Even a cursory glance at technological development reveals multiple paths that could lead to human-level machine intelligence in this century . One likely path would be to continue studying the general properties of the human brain to decipher the computational structures it uses to generate intelligent behavior . Another path would be the more mathematical "  top-down " approach . And if somehow all the other approaches do n't work , scientists might simply brute-force the evolutionary process on computers . Regardless of when and how we get there , the consequences of reaching human-level machine intelligence are profound , because human-level machine intelligence is not the final destination . Machine intelligence would reach a recursive tipping point after which the design and improvement of such intelligence would no longer be in human hands . The next stop from human level intelligence , just a short distance farther along the tracks , is machine superintelligence . The train might not even decelerate at Humanville Station : It is likely instead to swoosh right past . This brings us to what I think may well be the most important task of our time . If there will eventually be an "  intelligence explosion , " how exactly can we set up the initial conditions so as to achieve an outcome that is survivable and beneficial to existing persons ? In "  Superintelligence : Paths , Dangers , Strategies , " I focus on the dynamics of an intelligence explosion ; what will happen if and when we gain the ability to create machine superintelligence ? This topic is largely ignored and poorly funded . But we must keep at it : How could we engineer a controlled detonation that would protect human values from being overwritten by the arbitrary values of a misbegotten artificial superintelligence ? The picture that emerges from this work is fascinating and disconcerting . It looks like there are major existential risks associated with the creation of entities of greater-than-human intelligence . A superintelligence would n't even need to start with a physical embodiment to be catastrophically dangerous . Major engineering projects and financial transactions on Earth are mediated by digital communication networks that would be at the mercy of an artificial superintelligence . Placing an online order for an innocent-looking set of advanced blueprints or fooling its creators into thinking it is benign could be an initial step , followed by the possibility of permanently altering the global biosphere to pursue its preferences . The control problem -- how to engineer a superintelligence to be safe and human-friendly -- appears to be very difficult . It should be solvable in principle , but in practice it may not be solved in time for when the solution is needed . The difficulty is compounded by the need to get it right on the first try . An unfriendly superintelligence would not permit a mulligan . Remember HAL from "  2001 : A Space Odyssey " ? Let 's try to avoid that . If we could solve the technical problem of constructing a motivation system that we can load with some terminal goal of our choosing , a further question remains : Which goal would we give the superintelligent A.I. ? Much would hinge on that choice . In some scenarios , the first superintelligence becomes extremely powerful and shapes the entire future according to its preferences . We want an A.I. that is safe , beneficial and ethical , but we do n't know exactly what that entails . Some may think we have already arrived upon full moral enlightenment , but is is far more likely that we still have blind spots . Our predecessors certainly had plenty -- in the practice of slavery and human sacrifice , or the condoning of manifold forms of brutality and oppression that would outrage the modern conscience . It would be a grave mistake to think we have reached our moral apogee , and thus lock our present-day ethics into such powerful machines . In this sense , we have philosophy with a deadline . Our wisdom must precede our technology , and that which we value in life must be carefully articulated -- or rather , it must be pointed to with the right mathematics -- if it is to be the seed from which our intelligent creations grow .	Nick Bostrom : What would happen if machines surpassed human intellect ? Bostrom : By 2050 we may have a 50/50 chance of achieving human-level A.I. He says We want an A.I. that is safe and ethical , but it could get beyond our control Bostrom : Superintelligent machines could present major existential risks to humans
CNN  -- A suicide blast in northwestern Pakistan Friday killed a 12-year-old boy and wounded five others , police said . The attack took place at a weapons market in Dara Adam Khel , according to Masood Khan Afridi , the police chief of Kohat district . The suicide bomber blew himself up after people thought his actions were suspicious and tried to apprehend him , Afridi said . Dara Adam Khel is about 55 km  34 miles  southwest of Peshawar , the capital of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province , where the attack took place .	The suicide bomber blew himself up after people tried to apprehend him , police say The attack took place at a weapons market in Dara Adam Khel
COLOMBO , Sri Lanka  CNN  -- Sri Lanka 's National Olympic Committee has finalized the list of its athletes who will represent the nation at the forthcoming Olympic Games to be held at the Chinese capital , Beijing , this year . Thilini Jayasinghe , shown here in 2006 , will compete in badminton for Sri Lanka . The Sri Lankan team of three men and four women includes athletic sensation Susanthika Jayasinghe ; javelin thrower Nadeeka Lakmali ; badminton player Thilini Jayasinghe ; shooter E.M. Senanayake ; and boxer Anuruddha Ratnayake . In addition , the NOC has included Mayumi Raheem and Daniel Lee for the swimming events . This time , too , Sri Lanka is pinning hopes on veteran athlete Susanthika Jayasinghe , who will be competing at the Olympics in the women 's 100-meter and 200-meter events . Although she stands at No. 31 in the IAAF rankings list for the 100-meter sprint , it does not exhibit her true potential . Her best performance in the 100-meter this year was 11.24 seconds , recorded at the Doha-Qatar Super Grand Prix last month . Susanthika 's pet event is the women 's 200 meters , for which she won the bronze at the Sydney Olympics , eight years ago . According to the IAAF rankings , she stands at No. 8 in the 200-meter rankings . Her best time in 200 meters for this year is 22.73 seconds , recorded at the Carson Adidas Track Classic last month . The other person to watch is boxer Anuruddha Ratnayake . The flyweight boxer is the first Sri Lankan boxer to be featured in the Olympics in 40 years . Sri Lanka was last represented in boxing at the Mexico City games held in 1968 . The Sri Lankan media has already begun a huge "  Go for Gold " campaign to motivate Ratnayake to bring Sri Lanka its first Olympic medal in boxing in its 60 years of connection with the world 's greatest sports show . Another Sri Lankan is making history at this year 's Olympics ; Thilini Jayasinghe , who becomes the first Sri Lankan women 's badminton player ever to represent Sri Lanka at the Olympics . The Sri Lankan public , as well as the athletes , appear not to be happy with the way authorities have committed the necessary support for the athletes in preparation for the Olympics . However , many are of the belief that either Susanthika or Anuruddha will bring honor to their motherland at the Beijing Olympics .	Seven athletes will compete for Sri Lanka at the Beijing Olympics Sydney Olympic medallist Susanthika Jayasinghe is biggest hope Susanthika Jayasinghe , Anuruddha Ratnayake top nation 's medal hopes
A young Sri Lankan woman has been beheaded with a sword in a small , dusty town in Saudi Arabia , thousands of miles from the lush jungles and idyllic beaches of the country where she grew up . Rizana Nafeek arrived in Saudi Arabia in 2005 and spent her first few weeks in Saudi Arabia working as a housemaid to earn money to support her relatives back home who had been displaced by the massive tsunami in the Indian Ocean the year before . She then spent the next seven years in Saudi jails as she was accused , charged , convicted and sentenced to death in the killing of her employers ' 4-month-old son . Authorities executed her Wednesday in Dawadmi , about 200 kilometers west of the Saudi capital , Riyadh . CNN iReport : Share your views The family said she had strangled the boy , Kayed bin Nayef bin Jazyan al-Otaibi , after being asked to bottle-feed him . Nafeek said the infant accidentally choked on milk . She found herself plunged into the unfamiliar , unfriendly and -- according to many human rights advocates -- unfair Saudi legal system . Read more : Sri Lanka appeals to Saudi king to spare maid 's life In cases where the death penalty is possible , "  defendants are rarely allowed formal representation by a lawyer and in many cases are kept in the dark about the progress of legal proceedings against them , " Amnesty International says . Nonetheless , human rights groups and the Sri Lankan government lobbied Saudi authorities to release her , or at the very least show some leniency in her complicated case . Read more : Saudi woman beheaded for ` witchcraft and sorcery ' They argued that the courts had failed to take into account Nafeek 's birth certificate , which showed she was only 17 at the time of the baby 's death in 2005 , making her too young to receive the death penalty under international law . The passport she used to enter the country , which said she was 23 at the time , was inaccurate and had been falsified , they said . Additionally , she had not had access to lawyers during her pre-trial interrogation during which she said she was assaulted and forced to sign a confession under duress , rights groups pointed out . Right up until the end , they pointed out that the dead boy 's family could still grant Nafeek a pardon or request blood money as compensation . Read more : Saudi support for Syrian rebels shaped by tribal , religious ties But those arguments and others , as well as numerous visits by Sri Lankan ministers and members of Nafeek 's family , failed to sway Saudi authorities . The interior ministry statement announcing the execution began with a verse from the Quran , according to SPA , the official Saudi News agency : "  O ye who believe ! the law of equality is prescribed to you in cases of murder . " The death penalty for Nafeek had been approved by the Supreme Court , the agency reported , and a "  high order was issued " to carry out the sentence . The Sri Lankan government and human rights groups have sharply criticized Saudi Arabian authorities for the beheading of Nafeek . Opinion : Why global labor reforms are vital to protect vulnerable workers It shows "  once more how woefully out of step they are with their international obligations regarding the use of the death penalty , " said Philip Luther , director of Amnesty International 's Middle East and North Africa program . President Mahinda Rajapaksa of Sri Lanka , who had made personal appeals for clemency in Nafeek 's case , said he and his government deplored the decision to go ahead with the execution . Lawmakers in the Sri Lankan parliament observed a minute of silence Wednesday to mourn her death . But her case appears to be far from a one-off occurrence . Many of the people executed in Saudi Arabia in recent years have been foreign citizens , according to Amnesty International , most of them "  migrant workers from poor and developing countries . " In 2012 , Amnesty said it had recorded at least 79 executions in the country , 27 of them of foreigners . Saudi Arabia also has a history of carrying out the death penalty on people convicted of committing crimes when they were children , according to Human Rights Watch . "  Rizana was just a child herself at the time of the baby 's death , and she had no lawyer to defend her and no competent interpreter to translate her account , " said Nisha Varia , senior women 's rights researcher at Human Rights Watch . "  Saudi Arabia should recognize , as the rest of the world long has , that no child offender should ever be put to death . "	Saudi authorities execute Rizana Nafeek , a Sri Lankan woman She was convicted of killing a baby of the family employing her as a housemaid But rights groups say her treatment and trial had serious flaws The Sri Lankan government says it "  deplores " the execution
CNN  -- "  A must-have quality for figure skaters is , I think , gorgeousness . " Daisuke Takahashi throws his head back and laughs , but he is serious . His is a sport where performance is everything -- from the flamboyant routines to the glitzy outfits to the interaction with the crowd . "  The best part about figure skating is how I can have the entire audience 's attention to myself , " Japan 's former world champion told CNN 's Human to Hero series . "  I believe performing and showing off is very important , but I constantly prevent myself from becoming too self-absorbed . The audience wo n't be moved if I 'm performing only for my satisfaction . "  It 's sort of like playing ` catch . ' For me , when I 'm watching musicals or performances , I feel a bit uncomfortable when the actor is too self-absorbed . I like the people who can perform while being sensitive of the atmosphere . " Takahashi was raised to national hero status in 2010 when he became the first Japanese man to win a world singles title in figure skating , having the previous month become the first to win an Olympic medal in the discipline when he took bronze in Vancouver . Despite his success -- he also won silver at last year 's worlds -- the 27-year-old admits he still looks up to his rivals . "  I never thought I have anything special . I 've always thought about what I do n't have compared to other skaters , " he says . "  I tend to think like other skaters get more applause than I do . I constantly think about ways I can level up , and I 'm often jealous of other skaters , " he adds , laughing . "  When I see someone 's cool performance , it makes me want to be like them , and that 's what motivates me . " A big part of figure skating is the outfits -- often elaborate lycra creations that might otherwise seem more at home in a musical stage show . "  I do n't have long legs and arms , and I am ... short , " quips Takahashi . "  So I want something that makes me look taller and with longer legs and arms . "  I want something will make me a bit bigger , and so something with flaps that give my arms a little flow . " The shoes , with their thin blades , are even more important . "  If I did n't have them , I would n't be able to skate , so it 's like the heart , " Takahashi says . "  I think it 's something everyone struggles with , especially for me because my shoes do n't last long . I sometimes change them every month or after every competition , and it 's very difficult finding the right shoes . Depending on if the shoes are good , it affects the performance , so it 's very important . " Born in the city of Kurashiki in Okayama Prefecture , Takahashi wanted to be a gymnast when he was growing up . But , as fate would have it , an ice rink was built near his home and his future was settled by the practical reality of it being closer than the gymnasium where he infrequently trained . "  My mother 's co-worker , who really liked ice skating , took me and it made me realize that I really want to do this , " he recalls . "  Figure skating was n't famous where I grew up , and the ice rink was just built with a small club team without a professional coach , so the number of skaters was really small . But we all worked together to manage the money , learn tricks , and organize . " At junior high school he met Utako Nagamitsu , who has remained his coach ever since -- she is currently working alongside the Russian Nikolai Morozov , who is now back on Takahashi 's team after their initial split back in 2008 . "  We 've traveled the world together , which other coaches rarely do , " Takahashi says of Nagamitsu . "  Now it 's officially a team , with a nutritionist , trainer , management company , costume maker , music mixer and level check managers , and choreographers . " Takahashi 's success in 2010 was all the more satisfying because he had only just returned to full fitness after a serious knee injury that sidelined him for a year . The anterior cruciate ligament problem halted his progress after he won silver at the 2007 world championships -- another first for Japan . "  I 'm afraid of injuries . The surgery was good for my mental health , but it was about three years later when I was able to get back my flow , " he says . "  As for balancing off-ice and on-ice life , right now I try not to because all of it is part of my private lifestyle . I 'll take breaks to rest my body , but I generally do n't feel like I must take days off . " Takahashi took more time out in 2011 when he had to have the bolt from that knee surgery removed , but he recovered the following year to win his first Grand Prix Final -- which was held in Sochi , the Russian resort city that will host next year 's Winter Olympics . "  The most significant competition for me is the Olympics . I 've entered the Olympics twice , but the one at Vancouver is the one I ca n't forget about , " Takahashi says . "  It was the season after recovering from my injury . It was a competition that I got so excited I started tearing up before it began , which never happened before . "  I got hurt , and I struggled , took out my feelings on the people who supported me , and even then I was able to make the Olympics , and through the season it was the only time when I felt like I was actually competing well . "  It was n't the perfect performance , but it was my first medal , and I think that was when my life took a different turn . " Takahashi is now hoping to earn one of the three men 's places in Japan 's figure skating team for Sochi , though his chances were dented when he was forced to miss the defense of his ISU Grand Prix Final title last week due to a leg injury . His 19-year-old rival Yuzuru Hanyu defeated Canada 's three-time world champion Patrick Chan to triumph in Fukuoka , while Takahashi 's replacement Nobunari Oda was third . Takahashi , ranked third in the ISU standings , is now hoping to return to action at the Japan Figure Skating Championships later this month , needing a strong showing to earn his place for the Winter Games . "  Since three years ago when I decided to continue my career until Sochi , I think emotionally I 'm doing everything I can to prepare for it , more than any other Olympics ever , " he says . "  I do n't have the Olympics gold medal , so I definitely want it . "	Daisuke Takahashi is the first Japanese man to win an Olympic medal in figure skating He is also the first Asian male to win a world championship title in the discipline Takahashi overcame a serious knee injury that sidelined him for a whole season The 27-year-old is hoping to win gold at the 2014 Winter Olympics in Sochi
CNN  -- Farrah Fawcett , whose public battle with anal cancer has brought new attention to a rarely discussed disease , has not been given a timetable from her doctor about how much time she has left , according to her friend Alana Stewart . Farrah Fawcett , seen here in 2006 , has waged a very public battle with anal cancer . "  No one has said to her you have two months to live , " Stewart said Monday . "  So I 'm looking at that as a really good sign . " Stewart talked with Lara Spencer , host of "  The Insider , " who discussed her interview with Fawcett 's close friend on CNN 's "  Larry King Live " Monday night . Spencer said Fawcett , her family and friends are clinging to hope for a recovery . "  She -LSB- Alana Stewart -RSB- does n't want to throw out a number . And neither does Farrah . ... They 're still hoping for that miracle , " Spencer said . "  Farrah 's Story , " a documentary-style program that has followed the course of her illness and showed her grueling treatment in graphic detail , aired on NBC Friday and was viewed by almost 9 million people . Fawcett and partner Ryan O'Neal watched the show together , Spencer confirmed . "  Alana said it was the ultimate in bittersweet , " Spencer said . "  You know , they 're reliving two years of hell that they 've endured together . " King asked Spencer whether Fawcett , who made her name a household word on the hit '70s TV series "  Charlie 's Angels , " and O'Neal might marry . "  He said you never know . He was cagey about it , " Spencer said . "  And , you know , I think he would in a second . He 's so madly in love with her . " King also had a panel of medical experts on his show to discuss Fawcett 's cancer . Dr. Thomas Vogl , who at one time treated the actress in Germany , called her medical condition "  very , very serious . " Dr. Allyson Ocean , a medical oncologist in New York , said only about 5,000 cases of anal cancer are diagnosed in the United States yearly . Unlike Fawcett 's case , it usually does n't spread , and only about 10 to 15 percent of cases are advanced , Ocean said . Fawcett 's cancer , however , is in Stage 4 and has spread to her liver . Ocean said there are various causes of anal cancer . "  One of the causes is a virus called the human papilloma virus , which is a sexually transmitted virus . It seems to be more common in women , in general , outside of any viral infections . Smoking is actually a risk factor , " she said . King asked Dr. Paul Song , a radiation oncologist , if he had seen Stage 4 cancer cured . "  Not with anal cancer . I have seen it with other GI malignancies such as rectal cancer , " Song said . "  But anal cancer is a little bit more difficult to treat . " Despite the bleak outlook , Song had praise for Fawcett and her documentary . "  I think one of the most powerful things that Miss Fawcett did in this documentary was give patients a sense of hope and to just show how she 's handled this with such courage and dignity , " Song said . CNN 's Dr. Sanjay Gupta told King that doctors have to strike a delicate balance when they are caring for patients such as Fawcett . "  You have to be absolutely honest with patients , but , you know , you do n't want to strip away their hope and optimism , either . There are people , Larry , as you know , who beat the odds , " Gupta said . Vogl told King he developed a close relationship with Fawcett during the time he treated her in Germany and expressed admiration for his one-time patient . "  From a lot of treatments and contact and communication , I think she is extremely special , an extremely brave person , " he said .	"  Insider " host Lara Spencer says friends , family holding out for a miracle Farrah Fawcett has been fighting Stage 4 anal cancer , which has spread Doctor who once treated her calls condition "  very , very serious " Another doctor said actress has handled illness with "  courage and dignity "
CNN  Darren Clarke is Europe 's new Ryder Cup captain . The 46-year-old has been tasked with maintaining the continent 's dominance in golf 's biennial battle with the United States , Europe having won six of the last seven installments . Clarke played in five successive Ryder Cups between 1997 and 2006 , losing only once , and has been part of winning teams as a vice captain in 2010 and 2012 . The Northern Irishman was chosen ahead of Spain 's Miguel Angel Jimenez , who has featured in four Ryder Cups as a player , winning two . He has been vice captain three times , winning all of them . "  I am naturally extremely proud to be selected as European Ryder Cup captain for 2016 , " Clarke told the European Tour 's official website . "  The Ryder Cup has been a massive part of my life and my career , so to have the chance to lead Europe next year is a huge honor . "  I am lucky to have played and worked under some fantastic captains in my seven Ryder Cups to date , and I look forward to the challenge of trying to follow in their footsteps and help Europe to a fourth consecutive Ryder Cup victory at Hazeltine next year . " Should Clarke deliver victory at Minnesota next year it 'll be the first time either team has won four successive Ryder Cups since the rules were changed to allow European golfers to take part in 1979 . The United States last enjoyed success under Paul Azinger in 2008 at Valhalla but since then , Europe has dominated . After regaining the trophy at Celtic Manor in Wales in 2010 , Europe pulled off an incredible comeback two years later in Chicago , winning 14 1/2 to 13 1/2 having trailed 10-6 going into Sunday 's singles . Last time out , Paul McGinley led Europe to a commanding 16 1/2 - 11 1/2 victory at Gleneagles in Scotland , leading to yet more soul searching in the U.S. ranks . It is expected to ask Davis Love III to reprise his role as captain next week . The 50-year-old was in charge during that 2012 comeback , now known as the "  Miracle of Medinah . " Clarke enjoyed the support of many high profile European players , with world No. 1 Rory McIlroy part of a group that included Ian Poulter , Lee Westwood and Grame McDowell . The 2011 British Open champion was selected by a five-man panel that included former captains Paul McGinley , Jose Maria Olazabal and Colin Montgomerie . European Tour chief executive George O'Grady , who was part of the selection panel , said : "  We are delighted to announce that Darren has accepted the invitation from the panel to captain Europe at The 2016 Ryder Cup at Hazeltine National . "  Darren has an impressive Ryder Cup pedigree having featured five times as a player and twice as a vice captain , so he has a strong understanding of the attributes required to be a successful captain . "  He is also a popular figure among the players and has both the passion and knowledge to lead Europe in the quest for a record fourth consecutive Ryder Cup victory . " Clarke 's first Ryder Cup appearance as a player was in 1997 when Europe defeated the United States by a score of 14 1/2 to 13 1/2 at Valderrama in Spain under the captaincy of the late , great Seve Ballesteros . The 1999 installment was the only time Clarke has ever been on the losing side in the competition , the United States overturning a 10-6 deficit to win an ill tempered Ryder Cup known as the "  Battle of Brookline . " Victories in 2002 and 2004 followed but Clarke is probably best remembered for the 2006 Ryder Cup when he played just six weeks after his first wife Heather lost her battle with cancer . He won three points out of three in an emotional occasion at the K Club in Dublin as Europe routed the United States by a nine-point margin . Since then Clarke has twice been vice captain , in 2010 and 2012 , winning on both occasions . He is a long standing player on the European Tour with 14 victories and has one major title to his name -- the British Open in 2011 .	Darren Clarke named European Ryder Cup captain for the 2016 installment Northern Irishman beat competition from Miguel Angel Jimenez and Thomas Bjorn Clarke won four out of five Ryder Cups as a player and was vice captain in 2010 and 2012
CNN  -- Next-generation video game consoles are nearly upon us , and with them will come increased power and cutting-edge developer tech . Analysts expect early games on the PlayStation 4 and Xbox One will look more realistic thanks to enhanced graphics capabilities . But some current-generation games are already bridging between real-life actors and near-real-life game simulations . The result is a film-like quality to the action in the games , creating a deeper feeling of immersion in the narrative . French developer Quantic Dream started down this path in 2010 with "  Heavy Rain , " a noir-thriller game featuring characters that nearly resembled human actors . The facial expressions were highly detailed and small , human movements -- like shifting from foot to foot while standing still -- portrayed the virtual figures as more than mere avatars on a screen . Quantic Dream used a process called motion capture . Mo-cap , as it is less formally called , is a video process of tracking movements by placing markers on real actors to record their motions . It has been used in video game making since 1995 , but the quality has improved dramatically in the past few years . In many video game mo-cap productions , body movements and facial features are recorded separately , then merged together during final production . But Quantic Dream founder David Cage wanted something more for his new title , "  Beyond : Two Souls . " Cage used a technique called "  performance capture , " which is similar to mo-cap except all an actor 's movements , along with dialogue and other sounds , are recorded at the same time . The entire performance is captured in one take and allows actors to interact with each other during a scene instead of being brought together by a computer later . "  With ` Beyond , ' we have added complexity . We wanted to capture the movement of the eyes of the actors , which is always a major challenge , " Cage said . "  We found a way ... to give them real life and really capture the subtlety of the performance . " The result is a smoother , more realistic portrayal of the interaction between characters . While , in a way , it 's like shooting a movie , the interactive nature of video games means developers have to plan for many different player actions . So , the same scene will be shot in several different ways to anticipate what could happen . Cage said making a game look more realistic creates stronger emotional ties for the player . "  If we can create this link , the player will start to care for the character and identify himself through the character and then start to feel what the character on the screen feels , " he said . This new realism push is n't limited to characters . Driving games have also been creating more realistic cars and applying more accurate physics to movements . Sports games are nearly television-broadcast quality in their depiction of the play on the field . However , there 's one gaming genre that is n't trying to go full on real life -- for perhaps obvious reasons . Military shooter game developers say they 're striving to bring the feel of war to the player without going too far . "  Call of Duty : Ghosts " and "  Battlefield 4 " are two recent examples . Activision CEO Eric Hirshberg said people want to be able to do things in video games they ca n't do in real life , but for first-person shooter games , there should be a limit . "  The genre does give an incredibly visceral opportunity for us to put people in fairly extraordinary situations with a very high realism , but with also a very good deal of poetic license , " Hirshberg said . "  We want to get the details right to suspend your disbelief , but our developers take you on a fictitious thrill ride . " Infinity Ward executive director Mark Rubin said as a developer of "  Call of Duty : Ghosts , " his group talks to former and current military personnel to learn what the troops experience , to help get the equipment right . "  It is amazing how that  military  community has been , " Rubin said . "  They tell us stuff that they 've been a part of that there 's just no way we would put in the game because no one would believe it . It is so outrageous . " Gun violence in PG-13 movies has tripled Executive producer Patrick Bach , of "  Battlefield 4 " developer DICE , said the game 's depiction of war is n't intended to be realistic , but aims to be accurate and authentic . He said advancements in game engines have helped create a heightened sense of realism . "  We can do more with dynamic environments , " Bach said . "  Now , everything is alive . We have ` Levolution , ' a play on words for evolution of levels . You have weather changes , calm seas turning into stormy ocean in real-time and at the same time you are playing . " The move toward more realistic or film-like games has also created a cross-over effect between the video game industry and Hollywood . Bach said DICE , like other developers , have people on their development team who have also worked on movies . "  We use talent , not only from the visual effects areas , but from other places like set design to help us create realistic environments , " he said . Gamers ' expectations of dynamic environments and realistic characters are only expected to grow with the new PlayStation 4 and Xbox One consoles . During the PlayStation 4 event in February , Quantic Dream used the new console for a tech demo so detailed that it initially confused some people as to whether it was live or computer-generated . "  The Dark Sorcerer " was , at the time , a glimpse into how powerful the consoles were and what could be done with them . Cage , of Quantic Dream , said of the demo : "  It really sets the bar for next-gen acting and what acting can be in a game . " Not just for laughs : 3D cartoons give Kenyan businesses winning edge	"  Beyond : Two Souls " and other new games feature a new level of realism "  Performance capture " tech records actors ' movements , faces and voice all at once Military shooters intentionally shy away from hyper-realism New PlayStation 4 , Xbox One predicted to further the trend
London  CNN  -- David Bowie will release another album featuring new material , his long-time producer Tony Visconti has told CNN , in a revelation that will delight the singer 's legions of fans . Bowie last year released "  The Next Day , " his first new music for a decade , without any warning , electrifying music lovers who assumed the reclusive legend had retired . Critical acclaim for the album was followed by rave reviews for the "  Bowie Is " retrospective exhibition at London 's V&A Museum , which is now touring the world . And earlier this month the 67-year-old star announced that a career-spanning greatest hits package due out before Christmas would feature one new song , called "  Sue  Or in a Season of Crime  . " Visconti , who produced the "  The Next Day " and the forthcoming single , said a further collection of original music would be released . "  There 's gon na be another album , definitely . I think he talked about , although actually he did n't really say anything . He 's announcing , he announced to his fans recently that there 's gon na be more music soon . That obviously means another album , " the producer said -- although he did n't say when the new music would be released . Visconti played down any suggestion that Bowie might tour the new material . "  I do n't think he 's gon na busk in the Tube ... on the Underground . As far as a concert is concerned I have no idea . "  He clearly did n't promote ` The Next Day ' with a concert and whether he does for the next one I do n't know and I could n't predict that -- it 's up to him . It 's whatever takes his fancy . " In the meantime a performance by Visconti and drummer Woody Woodmansey , the last surviving member of Bowie 's famous Spiders from Mars backing band during his Ziggy Stardust breakthrough years , is as close as fans will get to experiencing Bowie 's music live . The pair will perform Bowie 's 1970 album "  The Man Who Sold the World " in London , Glasgow and Sheffield , starting on Monday . Heaven 17 's Glenn Gregory takes on the task of replacing Bowie 's vocals on the songs that helped to launch a unique musical talent . The announcement effectively quashes fears that "  The Next Day " would be Bowie 's swansong , and he said he hoped to continue to work with the London-born singer , whose work has spanned almost five decades . Visconti also rubbished suggestions that Bowie , who had heart surgery in 2004 , was unwell . "  I saw him in the 10-year period when we did n't work together and he was really happy about taking a break . He was in fine health . "  There were all kinds of rumors flying around and he was n't upset that people thought he was in ill health ... he said , ` Nah I 'm just not inspired and I 'll wait till I feel it . ' "	David Bowie will release another album featuring new material , producer Tony Visconti reveals Visconti played down any suggestion that Bowie might tour the new material Bowie released "  The Next Day , " his first music for a decade last year , without warning
CNN  -- Babylon was one of the glories of the ancient world , its walls and mythic hanging gardens listed among the Seven Wonders . Founded about 4,000 years ago , the ancient city was the capital of 10 dynasties in Mesopotamia , considered one of the earliest cradles of civilization and the birthplace of writing and literature . But following years of plunder , neglect and conflict , the Babylon of today scarcely conjures that illustrious history . In recent years , the Iraqi authorities have reopened Babylon to tourists , hoping that one day the site will draw visitors from all over the globe . But despite the site 's remarkable archaeological value and impressive views , it is drawing only a smattering of tourists , drawn by a curious mix of ancient and more recent history . The city -- just 85km  52 miles  south of Baghdad , about a two hour drive , dependent on checkpoints -- still bears the marks of ham-fisted attempts at restoration by former Iraqi dictator Saddam Hussein , and a subsequent occupation by U.S. forces in 2003 . "  They occupied Babylon . They would n't let anyone in , " says Hussein Saheb , a guard at the historical sites at Babylon , recalling the day U.S. tanks rolled into view , before forces set up camp . Read more : Is a man-made desert lake an ecological paradise or disaster ? Following excavations in the early 20th century , European archaeologists claimed key features such as the remains of the famous Ishtar Gate -- the glazed brick gate decorated with images of dragons and aurochs , built in about 575 BC by order of King Nebuchadnezzar II as the eighth gate to the inner city . The original now stands as part of a reconstruction of the gate in Berlin 's Pergamon Museum , whereas in Babylon itself , visitors enter through a replica . Yet remnants of Babylon 's former glory remain , with sections of the city 's walls still intact . Later excavations and conservation work carried out under Saddam 's rule greatly despoiled the site , say archaeologists . Iraqi archaeologist Hai Katth Moussa said that during a massive reconstruction project in the early 1980s , Saddam began building a replica of the palace of Nebuchadnezzar II on top of the ruins of the ancient palace . Like Nebuchadnezzar , he wrote his name on many of the bricks , with inscriptions such as : "  This was built by Saddam , son of Nebuchadnezzar , to glorify Iraq . " After the Gulf War , Saddam began building a modern palace for himself on top of ruins in the style of a Sumerian ziggurat . When U.S. forces arrived in 2003 , they occupied the palace , which lies adjacent to Nebuchadnezzar 's palace and overlooks the Euphrates River , and left their own mark . Today , a basketball hoop remains in Babylon , while concertina wire left behind by the military is used to prevent visitors from climbing over a 2,500-year-old lion statue -- an ancient symbol of the city . Read more : A camel beauty pageant in the UAE Even in the new Iraq , Babylon faces ongoing threats . Only 2 % of the ancient city has been excavated , but those buried historical treasures are threatened by encroaching development . Tour guide Hussein Al-Ammari says an oil pipeline runs through the eastern part of the ancient city . "  It goes through the outer wall of Babylon , " he says . Yet despite the shortcomings in its preservation , Babylon holds a draw for small numbers of Iraqi visitors -- even if only to enter Saddam 's marble-lined palaces , still a novelty 10 years after the dictator 's downfall . Zained Mohammed , visiting with her family for the first time from Karbala , told CNN : "  We were just looking for a change of atmosphere , to have the kids see something different . " Babylon is certainly that .	In recent years , the Iraqi authorities have reopened Babylon to tourists Despite the site 's remarkable archaeological value and impressive views , there are few tourists The city still bears the marks of poor attempts at restoration by Saddam Hussein Babylon faces ongoing threats of development encroaching on its buried ruins
CNN  At least 10 people and two attackers were killed in Tuesday 's attack against the luxurious Corinthia Hotel in Tripoli , Libya , a spokesman for a security division of the Ministry of Interior in Tripoli said . Five foreigners -- one American , one French citizen , and three people from Tajikistan -- were killed in the attack , Essam al-Naas said . Five Libyans were killed . The Libyan branch of ISIS claimed responsibility for the attacks , and released photos of the two gunmen , it said had carried out the attacks as Abu Ibraheem Al-Tunsi and Abu Sulaiman Al-Sudani . Their naming convention indicates that the men were of Tunisian and Sudanese origin , respectively . Al-Naas said it appears the attackers were Libyans . American contractor David Berry was among the people killed in a terrorist attack at the Corinthia Hotel in Tripoli , Libya , on Tuesday , according to Cliff Taylor , chief executive officer of Crucible , a security firm where Berry was working . The FBI is expected to open an investigation into the incident , two U.S. officials told CNN . A State Department official confirmed the death of a U.S. citizen , but would provide no further information . A French citizen was among those killed , according to the French Foreign Ministry . Al-Naas earlier said at least two Libyan security personnel had been killed in the attack and that three gunmen were holed up in the hotel . An online group that supports ISIS said the attack was carried out in the name of Abu Anas al-Libi . Al-Libi was an alleged al Qaeda operative accused of involvement in the bombing of U.S. embassies in Africa . He was captured by U.S. special forces in Libya . He died in a U.S. hospital this month . A spokesman for the Corinthia Group in Malta told CNN there had not been a hostage situation in the hotel , as some reports suggested . "  We are trying to take possession of the hotel back to assess the damage , " he said , but Libyan security forces were not yet allowing that . The attack began when militants detonated a car bomb in the parking lot of the hotel . The gunmen then shot their way into the hotel . Guests were evacuated to safety , however . The five-star hotel is popular among government officials , some of whom reside there . A witness to the events told CNN that all roads leading to the Corinthia Hotel had been sealed by security forces . People were warned to stay away , the witness said , adding that there had been exchanges of gunfire . CNN 's Mohammed Tawfeeq and Stephanie Halasz contributed to this report .	Libyan branch of ISIS claims responsibility ; names attackers Libyan spokesman says death toll is at least 10 people at hotel and two attackers Siege is over and the gunmen are dead , hotel company spokesman says An American security contractor is among the dead , his company says
CNN  -- As the new year approaches , many travelers are looking for inspiration on where to head in 2015 . This list might help . Global hotel booking site Agoda.com has just released the results of its Travel Smarts study , which looks at destinations with the highest-rated hotels in the world based on nearly 7 million customer reviews . Overall , the site says Cape Town , South Africa , is number one , scoring an average of 8.43 out of a possible 10 . The Maldives came in second with an 8.33 average hotel review score . Zermatt , the skiing village in the Swiss Alps at the base of the Matterhorn , grabbed the number three spot with an average of 8.29 . After every stay Agoda.com users can submit reviews and are asked to score hotels on a scale of 0 to 10 in six categories . A hotel 's total score is an average of those numbers , which the site used to compile its recent list . Only destinations with more than 100 hotels were included . Here are the top 25 destinations : 1 . Cape Town , South Africa 2 . Maldives 3 . Zermatt , Switzerland 4 . Queenstown , New Zealand 5 . Seychelles 6 . Budapest , Hungary 7 . Santorini , Greece 8 . Bruges , Belgium 9 . Gdansk , Poland 10 . Hoi An , Vietnam 11 . Sofia , Bulgaria 12 . Crete , Greece 13 . Verona , Italy 14 . Rotorua , New Zealand 15 . Khao Lak , Thailand 16 . Hualien , Taiwan 17 . Sunshine Coast , Australia 18 . Edinburgh , Scotland 19 . Cuzco , Peru 20 . Chicago 21 . Krakow , Poland 22 . Nagano , Japan 23 . Durban , South Africa 24 . Granada , Spain 25 . Marrakech , Morocco The top destinations by review category and their scores : Value for money : Budapest , Hungary  8.5  . Location : Sunshine Coast , Australia  8.75  . Staff performance : Cape Town , South Africa  8.6  . Hotel condition/cleanliness : Zermatt , Switzerland  8.79  . Room comfort/standard : Cape Town , South Africa  8.54  . Food/dining : Bruges , Belgium  7.87  .	Agoda.com analyzed 7 million hotel reviews to determine which destinations have the highest-rated accommodations Only destinations with more than 100 hotels included in the study Cape Town , South Africa , takes the number one spot , scoring an average of 8.43 out of 10 In terms of value , Budapest , Hungary , has the top rating from Agoda.com reviewers
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Ted Williams , the homeless "  golden voice " sensation on the internet , checked himself out of drug rehab 12 days after he voluntarily entered the facility , Dr. Phil McGraw said Monday . Williams , 53 , admitted during a taping of "  The Dr. Phil Show " earlier this month that he was still drinking , claiming in other interviews in the past week to have been sober for the past two years after years of addiction . "  Ted was given the chance to voluntarily enter a drug rehabilitation facility in order to help him in dealing with his dependency on drugs and alcohol , " McGraw said . "  In that it is voluntary , the decision to remain in treatment is Ted 's to make . " Williams ' substance abuse separated him from his family and left him homeless for years , until a reporter for the Columbus Dispatch in Ohio videotaped him panhandling on a roadside last month . The video quickly went viral on the internet , and he was offered a several announcing jobs , including a contract with Kraft Foods . Williams had been on a whirlwind spiral of publicity when he traveled to Los Angeles with his family to tape three interviews with "  The Dr. Phil Show , " The decision to seek professional help came after "  a lengthy one-on-one conversation with Dr. Phil , " show spokeswoman Stacey Luchs said in a statement issued then . "  The decision was made due in part to Williams ' strange behavior over the past several days , which culminated in a physical altercation with one of his daughters at a Hollywood hotel , " the January 12 statement said . "  He was briefly detained by police and later released . " "  We certainly hope that he continues his commitment to sobriety , and we will continue to help and support him in any way that we can , " McGraw said Monday . No information was given about where Williams went after leaving the rehab facility .	Ted Williams ' rehab stint was voluntary , so he could leave , Dr. Phil McGraw says He entered rehab on January 12 after a talk with McGraw The homeless man became an internet sensation recently for his "  golden voice "
Washington  CNN  -- Years of budget cuts have made two key U.S. agencies ' efforts to contain the threat of Ebola harder than it should be , Rep. Chris Van Hollen told CNN on Thursday . The Maryland Democrat pointed to spending cuts at the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and the National Institutes of Health , which are both involved in the response to a Dallas man who this week became the first patient diagnosed with Ebola in the United States . "  There 's no doubt that the deep health care cuts that we 've seen have made it more difficult to respond in a rapid and comprehensive way to the Ebola outbreak , " Van Hollen said . "  They 're doing everything they can with the resources they have now , but the cuts they 've seen in past years , they were like eroding the foundation and it clearly meant that they were starting from behind , " he said . No ` Ebola czar ' is forthcoming , White House says The CDC saw its discretionary funding cut by $ 585 million from 2010 to 2014 , while the NIH 's budget was slashed by $ 446 million over the last four years . Anthony Fauci , director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infections Diseases , spelled out the impact of the cuts in dire terms during a recent hearing on Capitol Hill . "  I have to tell you honestly it 's been a significant impact on us , " Fauci said . "  It has both in an acute and a chronic , insidious way eroded our ability to respond in the way that I and my colleagues would like to see us be able to respond to these emerging threats . And in my institute particularly , that 's responsible for responding on the dime to an emerging infectious disease threat , this is particularly damaging . " CDC director : Why U.S. can stop Ebola in its tracks The CDC also cited the budget cuts in a report earlier this year , saying that annual funding for its public health preparedness and response efforts were $ 1 billion lower in the 2013 fiscal year than in 2002 . "  CDC continues to work with reduced financial resources , which similarly affects state , local , and insular public health departments , " the report said . "  These losses make it difficult for state and local health departments to continue to expand their preparedness capabilities , instead forcing them to focus on maintaining their current capabilities . " Complete coverage on Ebola	Two key U.S. health agencies have faced steep budget cuts in recent years Rep. Chris Van Hollen says those cuts "  have made it more difficult " to handle the Ebola outbreak Health agency director : "  I have to tell you honestly it 's been a significant impact on us "
CNN  -- The stage is set for another classic men 's grand slam final on Sunday after Novak Djokovic and Rafael Nadal set up a French Open showdown with much more than just the title at stake . World No. 1 Djokovic will seek to become the first man since 1969 to hold all four majors at the same time , and only the third ever , while second-ranked Nadal is aiming for a record seventh crown at Roland Garros . Djokovic is through to the Paris final for the first time after avenging last year 's semi defeat against the man who ended his 43-match winning streak , Roger Federer . The Serbian struggled to overcome Jo-Wilfried Tsonga in five sets in his previous match , but was dominant against the 16-time grand slam champion on Friday as he triumphed 6-4 7-5 6-3 in just over two hours . Nadal , the modern game 's "  King of Clay , " crushed fellow Spaniard David Ferrer in the opening semifinal as he won 6-2 6-2 6-1 against the sixth seed to take his record at the tournament to 51-1 . His only defeat came against Robin Soderling in 2009 , when Federer won the title to complete his career grand slam . This year Nadal has not dropped a set in six matches , losing only 35 games in total . "  My level has improved slightly against last year ao I am satisfied and happy because I 've already improved , " said the 26-year-old , who is tied with Bjorn Borg on six titles . "  Last year I had the impression I did n't really play that well ; whereas this year I 'm playing really well . I am having almost a perfect clay-court season , and we 'll see what 's going on in the final . " Last year Djokovic beat Nadal in six successive finals , including two on clay , but he has n't been as dominant in 2012 since overcoming his rival in the longest grand slam title match in history at the Australian Open in January . That followed his Wimbledon and U.S. Open successes in 2011 , setting up his tilt at history . Nadal triumphed in straight sets in their final encounters in Monte Carlo -- a tournament where Djokovic played on despite the death of his grandfather -- and Rome last month . While Nadal has strolled through his half of the draw in Paris , Djokovic has twice been taken to five sets as he saved four match-points against home hope Tsonga after retrieving a 2-0 deficit against 22nd seed Andreas Seppi in the previous round . However , Djokovic showed his true class against Federer as he denied the Swiss third seed a chance to win his first grand slam since 2010 . "  I am happy to be in the final here , it 's always difficult to play against Roger , " said the 25-year-old , who has hopes of completing a "  Golden Slam " this year with the addition of the Olympic title . "  It 's a dream to be in the final , but Rafa , who always plays so well here , will be the favorite . " Federer was disappointed after blowing a 3-0 lead in the second set , and was also 5-4 ahead . "  He played well under difficult conditions , " the 30-year-old said . "  But I had chances . There are no excuses . "  I tried and if I had won that second set , it would have been a different match . But it did n't work out . " Rod Laver is the last man to hold all four grand slam titles , and the Australian did it twice in a calendar year -- in 1962 as an amateur and then in 1969 as a professional . American Don Budge also achieved the feat in 1938 .	World No. 1 Novak Djokovic will play Rafael Nadal in Sunday 's French Open final Djokovic beat Roger Federer to keep alive his dream of holding all four grand slams Nadal thrashed David Ferrer to earn a chance at a record seventh Paris crown The last man to hold to hold all four majors was Australian Rod Laver in 1969
Health.com  -- The million-plus U.S. adults who take medication for attention deficit hyperactivity disorder  ADHD  do not appear to be increasing their risk of heart attack or stroke , as some experts have feared , according to a new study published today on the website of the Journal of the American Medical Association . Stimulant medications -- a class that includes Ritalin , Adderall , Concerta , and their generic versions -- and the non-stimulant drug Strattera have all been shown to slightly raise blood pressure and heart rate , which can contribute to heart problems . Researchers have n't conclusively linked these side effects to heart attacks , strokes , or sudden death from heart-related causes , but the Food and Drug Administration  FDA  has received numerous reports of these and other heart problems in people taking stimulants for ADHD . In 2006 , the FDA ordered stimulant manufacturers to add warnings about potential heart risks to their product labels , although the agency stopped short of requiring the so-called black box warning an advisory panel had recommended . Health.com : 15 signs you may have adult ADHD The new study , which was funded and partly overseen by the FDA and other federal health agencies , is the largest of its kind to date and seems to bear out the FDA 's decision to opt for a milder label warning . Researchers at several large health insurers across the nation analyzed the medical and pharmacy records of 443,198 people between the ages of 25 and 64 , roughly one-third of whom had filled prescriptions for stimulants or Strattera . After controlling for other factors that can increase cardiovascular risk  such as smoking  , the authors found no increase in heart attack , stroke , or sudden cardiac death rates among people who were currently using an ADHD drug . Nor did they find any differences in cardiovascular risk among people who had taken ADHD medications in the past and those taking them currently . Health.com : The worst habits for your heart Although the findings should allay the fears of people taking these medications , the study does n't entirely rule out the possibility of small increases in heart risk , says lead author Laurel Habel , Ph.D. , a research scientist with the Kaiser Permanente Division of Research , in Oakland , Calif. . "  Our study suggests that these drugs are not associated with a markedly elevated risk , but we ca n't say that they 're completely safe , " Habel says . "  It makes sense for patients and doctors to talk about the potential risks . " The study had several limitations that prevent firmer conclusions about the drugs ' safety . The researchers could n't confirm that the participants actually consumed the prescriptions they filled , for instance , and they followed the participants for an average of just 16 months . "  That 's not a very long time for looking at cardiovascular risk , because cardiovascular risk extends over many years , " says Robert Myerburg , M.D. , a professor of medicine and physiology at the University of Miami Miller School of Medicine . Health.com : Surprising heart attack risks And despite being very large , the study may not have been big enough to detect small increases in risk , since heart attacks and other serious cardiovascular problems are relatively rare , says Philip Shaw , M.D. , an ADHD researcher at the National Institute of Mental Health who wrote an editorial accompanying the study . Indeed , only 2,228 of the study participants -- one-half of 1 % -- experienced a heart attack , stroke , or sudden cardiac death . More than 1.5 million adults in the United States take stimulants , according to the study . Most take the drugs for ADHD , although doctors sometimes prescribe stimulants off-label for depression-related fatigue , narcolepsy , and other conditions . Health.com : Adult ADHD ? Tips for increasing your focus Although children with ADHD have received the lion 's share of attention from researchers and public-health officials , adults accounted for one-third of all prescriptions for ADHD medications in 2005 . A previous study by the same group of researchers found no link between ADHD drugs and serious cardiovascular events in children and young adults , Shaw notes in his editorial . People who take ADHD medications should continue to be aware of less serious side effects , such as insomnia and loss of appetite , Shaw says . But , he says , the study is "  very reassuring " regarding cardiovascular risk . Copyright Health Magazine 2011	Stimulant medications have all been shown to slightly raise blood pressure and heart rate In 2006 , FDA ordered stimulant manufacturers to add warnings to their product labels But recent large study authors found no increase in heart attack , stroke , or sudden cardiac death rates
CNN  -- 49 years of age and still going strong , Spain 's Miguel Angel Jimenez delighted the Muirfield galleries to lead the British Open at the halfway stage Friday . Jimenez , a real crowd favorite with his flamboyant approach both on and off the course , drew on all his experience to card a level-par 71 for three-under 139 . A strengthening wind and fast running greens and fairways made the famous links course in East Lothian a brutal test , with only a few golfers passing a stern examination . Among them , chasing his elusive 15th major , was World No. 1 Tiger Woods , who also carded a 71 to be in a select group on two-under , one off the lead . Woods rolled in a confidence boosting birdie on the 18th and admitted conditions had been tough . "  It was difficult out there today , " he told gathered reporters . Woods said patience would be the key over the weekend with conditions predicted to stay the same . "  Just continue plodding along . Just continue being patient , putting the ball in the right spots , " he said . "  We 're not going to get a lot of opportunities out there . " Woods has good company in the chasing group with 40-year-old Englishman Lee Westwood , who shot a joint best of the day 68 , Swede Henrik Stenson and fellow American Dustin Johnson . Overnight leader Zach Johnson fell away with a 75 but is still in contention in the pack at one-under-par with Scotland 's Martin Laird , Rafael Cabrera-Bello of Spain and Argentine veteran Angel Cabrera . Jimenez , who became the oldest winner on the European Tour earlier this season , said age should not be a barrier to success on the course . "  Only the young people can do it ? I love what I 'm doing . I play golf for a living . Same thing 25 years . I enjoy myself , " he told the official British Open website . "  I keep elastic and flexible . I 'm still able to shoot low and still here . Tomorrow if I can not shoot low , I will not be here , you do n't worry , " he added with a smile . American Phil Mickelson looked set to take closer order , but a four-putt nightmare on the 16th showed the speed of the surfaces and set him back in his tracks . He ended with a three-over 74 for one-over 143 , bracketed with reigning Masters champion Adam Scott of Australia , former Masters winners Bubba Watson and Charl Schwartzel , 2011 British Open winner Darren Clarke and England 's Ian Poulter . But there will be no back to back major wins for Justin Rose as the English star missed the cut after his Merion heroics at the U.S. Open . Former World No. 1 's Rory McIlroy and Luke Donald will also not be around for the weekend despite the cut being made at seven-over-par . But defending champion Ernie Els of South Africa scraped in at six-over , along with former winners Padraig Harrington and Sandy Lyle .	49-year-old Miguel Angel Jimenez leads British Open Popular Spaniard on 139 -- three under par -- at Muirfield Tiger Woods firmly in contention just one adrift Phil Mickelson drops back after four-putt green
CNN  -- Less than three months after New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie cruised to an overwhelming reelection win , the main political question he faces is n't whether he can make a transition to the national stage and run for president -- it 's whether he can continue to govern the state at all . Negative press about the so-called Bridgegate scandal -- an apparent decision by top Christie aides to close lanes on the George Washington Bridge and snarl traffic for days on end , allegedly out of petty political spite toward local officials -- has taken a severe toll on Christie 's national prospects : A recent poll confirms that he has tumbled from first to third place as a potential 2016 presidential candidate . But that could prove to be the least of Christie 's headaches . A more pressing matter is raised by a short , devastating letter penned by Alan Zegas , the lawyer for a former top aide to Christie , David Wildstein , and published on the New York Times website . The immediate point of the letter was to press the Port Authority , the agency that operates the George Washington Bridge , to pay Wildstein 's legal expenses . But it 's not just a financial dispute . If Wildstein , who personally oversaw the lane closures , was following orders requested or approved from on high , he can demand legal protection by the agency . But by refusing to cover his costs , the Port Authority is saying , in effect , that Wildstein was acting on his own . The letter by Wildstein 's attorney bluntly suggests otherwise : "  It has also come to light that a person within the Christie administration communicated the Christie administration 's order that certain lanes on the George Washington Bridge were to be closed , and evidence exists as well tying Mr. Christie to having knowledge of the lane closures , during the period when the lanes were closed , contrary to what the Governor stated publicly in a two-hour press conference . " Ouch . The Christie administration hastily responded with a statement that the governor "  had absolutely no prior knowledge of the lane closures before they happened and whatever Mr. Wildstein 's motivations were for closing them to begin with . " But the damage was done : The scandal now has the potential to be carried directly into the inner circle of the Governor 's office , and undermine his credibility . Until now , Christie has employed a blunt but effective two-step strategy for containing the scandal . Step One : Summarily fire and publicly condemn deputies who were linked to the scandal . Step Two : Plead utter ignorance as to how or why these top aides would engage in unethical or illegal behavior . The strategy was never quite plausible -- Christie , a former prosecutor , has a reputation as a hands-on manager whose aides do n't stray far without permission -- and it 's a risky gambit : By publicly denigrating fired members of his inner circle , Christie opens himself to the possibility of disgruntled ex-employees going public with information that is embarrassing , or even incriminating . One can only imagine what Wildstein was thinking during Christie 's two-hour press conference , in which he blasted Wilstein and another fired ex-aide , Bridget Ann Kelly , for "  abject stupidity . " "  What did I do wrong to have these folks think it was OK to lie to me ? " he said during the press conference . Adding insult to injury , Christie went so far as to say that Wildstein , often described in the press as a high school friend , was n't really a Christie pal . "  David and I were not friends in high school . We were not even acquaintances in high school , " Christie said . "  We did n't travel in the same circles in high school . You know , I was the class president and athlete . I do n't know what David was doing during that period of time . " At least one commentator , Michael Tomasky , thinks that personal snub might make Wildstein more inclined to turn on Christie . "  What if Wildstein is sitting on some goods ? Is he going to be happy being dismissed as too geeky for Christie to waste his time on back in high school ? " Tomasky asks , concluding : "  The nerd is striking back . " As a matter of political technique , Christie 's swift firings and forceful denials seem credible in the short term -- but they also echo at least one time when the denounce-and-fire tactic backfired . In 2010 , after New Jersey 's request for millions in federal education funds was rejected -- in part because the final request lacked key budget estimates -- Christie publicly castigated and fired his education commissioner , Brett Schundler , allegedly for lying to him about what went wrong with the application . But Schundler swiftly struck back , producing e-mails and other documents that showed he had , indeed , told Christie up front about the application 's shortcomings . "  I will not accept being defamed by the Governor for something he knows I did not do , " wrote Schundler . "  The Governor called me a liar this week . That was the last straw . " The Schundler episode is important . Will Christie 's strenuous denials of knowledge of Bridgegate -- and his suggestion that his top aides lied to him -- hold up under scrutiny ? Indeed , the state 's most powerful newspaper , the Star-Ledger , is already warning Christie that the end may be near . Within hours of the publication of Wildstein letter suggesting Christie knew about Bridgegate , the paper published a hard-hitting editorial . "  If this charge proves true , then the governor must resign or be impeached . Because that would leave him so drained of credibility that he could not possibly govern effectively , " the editorial says . "  He would owe it to the people of New Jersey to stop the bleeding and quit . " For Christie , it 's been a long , bumpy road . He began November with a spectacular reelection and a coveted spot on the cover of Time Magazine . He enters February with troubling hints that his governorship may be damaged beyond repair . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Errol Louis .	Bridgegate has hit New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie 's national prospects hard His response to the scandal seem credible in the short term , says Errol Louis Louis : The strategy was never quite plausible ; Christie has a hands-on reputation Louis : Pushback from a former aide and fired education commissioner is damaging
CNN  -- Japan 's national soccer team will not play as a guest nation at the Copa America tournament in Argentina after failing to secure the release of the earthquake-hit country 's Europe-based players . The J-League has been so badly disrupted by the March 11 disaster that domestic clubs will not allow players to travel to South America . However , the Japanese Football Association was persuaded to revise its April 3 decision to pull out of the July 1-24 tournament , and had hoped to participate with a squad made up of its overseas stars . "  It is a great pity that we wo n't be able to take part in the tournament as the local people were preparing to welcome us , " JFA president Junji Ogura told his association 's website on Wednesday . "  We realized that we would not be able to form a squad good enough to play in the Copa America , and on that basis we had no choice but to give up the opportunity to play in the tournament . " JFA technical director Hiromi Hara met with officials at 11 clubs , but was told that they could not release the players because next season will start earlier than usual due to the mid-2012 staging of the European Championship in Poland and Ukraine . "  Many of our players have become top players at these clubs , and that is something to be pleased about , " Hara said . "  Club officials told me they would understand if this was the Asian Cup or a one-off charity match , but they had a problem with it being the Copa America . " The JFA has made alternative plans to prepare for the 2014 World Cup qualifiers in September . The Samurai Blue will play Peru and the Czech Republic in the Kirin Cup in early June , and then take on South Korea in August in a friendly . Japan won the 2011 Asian Cup in Qatar in January , beating Australia in the final under the guidance of coach Alberto Zaccheroni . "  This year has turned to be an exceptional year following the East Japan disaster , and we have been put into a situation where we have had to make a difficult decision , " the Italian said . "  However , we would like to move on to set our full focus on our preparations for our important World Cup qualifiers . " The Copa America tournament traditionally features two guest nations and 10 from South America . Costa Rica will replace Japan , while Mexico will be the other team from outside the CONMEBOL federation .	Costa Rica to replace Japan at the Copa America football tournament in July Japanese officials confirm last month 's decision to pull out , having decided to reconsider JFA had hoped to take a squad made up of its overseas-based players European clubs refuse to release them due to next season 's earlier start time
CNN  -- What personal information does your mobile phone reveal about you ? Do you care ? Many Americans do , according to new research from the Pew Internet and American Life Project that sheds some light on mobile-privacy concerns . According to Pew 's report , 54 % of cell phone users in the U.S. have decided not to install an app once they discovered how much of their personal information it would access .  The amount of sensitive info an app can access typically is indicated by the "  permissions " the app requests , listed on its information page . Also , nearly one-third of mobile app users report uninstalling an app from their phone because they learned it was collecting personal information they did n't wish to share . People from the lowest-income households  earning $ 30,000 or less per year  and men across all demographics were most likely to report taking this step . But many mobile-privacy concerns stem not from the apps you download , but from what can happen with a device that can divulge so much sensitive information once it 's out of your hands -- especially when it 's in someone else 's hands . Most cell phone users are somewhat aware of mobile privacy and many take at least some basic measures to protect it . According to Pew : • 41 % of cell phone owners back up at least the photos , contacts , and other files from their phone . • 32 % have cleared their phone 's Web browsing or search history . • 30 % of all cell phone owners  and 60 % of smartphone owners  say they back up the entire contents of their phone  apps , data , files , etc. • 19 %  especially younger phone owners  have turned off their phone 's location-tracking feature due to concerns that companies or other people might access that information . Of course , regardless of whether you turn off location tracking on your phone , your wireless carrier knows  and keeps a record of  where your phone is at all times it 's connected to the cell network . Carriers can surrender this information to law enforcement , and it 's unclear what else they may be doing with this data . But typically , most people do n't think clearly or consistently about mobile privacy . That 's why , at the mobile technology workshops I often run , one of my favorite exercises is this : I simply tell participants to take out their cell phone , look at it , and consider how much important and sensitive information is on that device , how much they depend on it . Then I say : Hand over your cell phone to the person sitting next to you . I let them sit there a bit , watching them grow visibly anxious . About 30 seconds later I ask them them how they feel . "  Nervous " is a common response . So are "  exposed , " "  weird " and "  scared . " "  OK , hand back those phones , " I say . "  Now you see -- these are n't just gadgets , they 're part of your life . They 're part of you . " According to Pew , nearly a third of cell owners have lost their phones or had them stolen . Owners of smartphones and more basic phones are equally likely to say their phone has been lost or stolen , the survey says . When your phone is lost or stolen , it can help if you do n't totally lose access to everything you had on the device . About 60 % of smartphone owners told Pew that they back up the contents of their phone . Still , having a phone go missing does n't necessarily make cell phone users more cautious . Pew noted : "  Cell owners who have actually experienced a lost or stolen phone are no more likely than average to back up the contents of their phone . " Routinely protecting your phone with a passcode or pattern is an easy way to prevent unauthorized access to your phone . Many mobile security services also offer location tracking for lost phones , and give you the option of remotely locking or wiping data from a lost or stolen phone . Cell phone snooping is also a concern . Pew reports that 12 % of all U.S. cell phone owners "  have had another person access the contents of their phone in a way that made them feel their privacy was invaded . " Smartphone owners and younger owners  age 18-24  of any kind of cell phone are twice as likely to have had this experience . Of people who told Pew that someone accessed the contents of their phone without their permission , nearly 60 % are "  much more likely than average to conduct regular backups , " compared to just 39 % of those whose phones have not been snooped . At least , not as far as they know . Pew 's results came from a nationwide survey of 2,254 adults conducted in March and April . The opinions expressed in this column are solely those of Amy Gahran .	New research from Pew sheds light on mobile-privacy concerns 54 % of phone users did n't install an app once they learned what personal info it would access 19 % have turned off their phone 's location-tracking feature due to privacy concerns
Republicans are going all in , hoping that the payout is big . Like control of the Senate , big . Their big bet : Obamacare . The deadline to enroll in the Affordable Care Act for the year has come and gone . The Obama administration is touting the enrollment numbers as a successful first year , but Republicans think voter anger over the law is here to stay . And so , Republicans running for House and Senate continue to make it central to their campaign . In the Arkansas Senate race , Republican challenger Tom Cotton is using Obamacare to fund-raise for his race against Democratic incumbent Mark Pryor . The first screen on Cotton 's website is a plea for contributions that says , "  Obamacare is so bad that Obama does n't want it . Tell him neither do I. " Fund-raising schemes and campaign advertisements are central to Republican races in red and swing states around the country . Republican confidence When Republican David Jolly beat Democrat Alex Sink in Florida 's special election for the 13th Congressional District in March , Republicans attributed the win in part to the health care law . "  His  Jolly 's  victory shows that voters are looking for representatives who will fight to end the disaster of Obamacare , " Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus and co-chair Sharon Day said in an email blast to reporters after the results were tallied . The deep-pocketed group Americans for Prosperity is playing in dozens of races around the country , and its sole weapon is Obamacare . "  We do want to make sure that Obamacare is the number one issue in the country , " Tim Phillips , president of AFP , said in a recent interview . The organization , backed by the wealthy partisans David and Charles Koch , has already spent more than $ 30 million this election cycle and plans to spend a great deal more to ensure that Democrats "  have to explain " their support of the law . Public opinion Republicans believe they have a winning issue , insisting that Americans are opposed to the law . And most polling is on their side . According to the most recent survey conducted just over a week ago by CBS News , 53 % of Americans gave the law a thumbs down , compared to 41 % saying they approve of it . That 's in line with most polls . But that could be starting to change . A Kaiser Family Foundation poll released last week found that the gap between approval and disapproval of the law narrowed to 8 points . And a new Washington Post/ABC poll out Monday found that 49 % support the law compared to 48 % who do n't . Public action While polls are indicative of voter opinion , they do n't indicate voter action . What does , however , is enthusiasm , and Republicans have that on their side . In a midterm election , when people are less likely to vote , voter turnout is critical and Obamacare gives Republicans an advantage . "  This data pretty clearly shows that even though attitudes regarding the ACA are ` baked in ' with voters  68 % feel strongly one way or another about the issue  , the intensity is clearly on the negative side , as GOP voters clearly dislike the new law more than Democrats are in love with it , " said GOP pollster Neil Newhouse , a co-founder of Public Opinion Strategies . Voter apathy is a challenge that Democrats must overcome . Republican strategy : Invoke doubt Republicans are hitting a nerve when it comes to Obamacare . They are appealing to their base 's mistrust in the President . Republican Sen. John Barrasso on "  Fox News Sunday " alleged the administration is "  cooking the books " regarding the program 's rollout numbers . This includes the latest number that more than 6 million have enrolled . And Republicans constantly raise questions : Who are the people enrolling and did they have health insurance beforehand ? Obamacare was pushed by the President and passed by Congress in 2010 with no Republican support as a way to narrow the gap between those with coverage and the tens of millions without it . White House spokesperson Jay Carney said Republicans are grasping at straws as the law takes hold and people begin to see benefits . "  I know it leaves them with the need to go back to the drawing board when it comes to other means of trying to attack a law that is providing opportunity and security to millions of Americans , " Carney said . Republican risks Pounding an issue into the ground does bring some risks -- voter annoyance . A Kaiser Family Foundation poll found that 53 % of Americans are tired of hearing about the law . Republican pollster Whit Ayers said there 's a more powerful factor in voter fatigue : Obama himself . Six years into a President 's term , "  people get tired of that person 's leadership , " he said . "  Especially this President 's . " Democrats ' challenge The goal is to get Democrats to the polls . Democrats , however , have a more complicated role that consists largely of defense . While they are being attacked on the campaign trail over the law , they have decided to respond in a multipart way by saying that some of the law is great , but some parts need to be fixed . That 's exactly what endangered Democrats , including Sens. Mary Landrieu of Louisiana and Alaska 's Mark Begich , did when they and several colleagues penned an op-ed laying out the parts of the law that they said need to be changed . Rep. Steve Israel , chairman of the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee , an organization that works to elect Democrats to Congress , is fighting back by highlighting the "  cost of repeal . " The organization is telling stories of people who live in districts with contested congressional races who say they could not afford health coverage without the Affordable Care Act . "  Americans do not want to repeal the ACA and go back to the days when insurance companies had free rein over health care ; they want it fixed and improved . But this Republican Congress is obsessed with a repeal that will force hardworking families into bankruptcy and let insurance companies deny care and drop coverage , " Israel said . It 's a difficult way to convince people to turn out to vote , even if public opinion drastically changes in favor of the law . In the March Florida special election in a swing district in a swing state , the only test case analysts have to monitor in the current political climate , Sink embraced only parts of the law . She also talked about what needs to be fixed , a strategy that did n't work . But as of now , Democrats do n't want to be talking about it . That 's why they are focusing on economic issues such as minimum wage and equal pay for women . New York Sen. Chuck Schumer , who is a member of Senate Democratic leadership , said people are n't focused on Obamacare . "  Most Americans want to hear something positive . ` What are you going to do for me ? ' Republicans are going to give them no answers on that , " Schumer said . But former President Bill Clinton said Democrats cautioned against running from the law they championed and passed . "  I thought that Democrats had a tendency to shy away from things they had done that were unpopular ,  and  talk about positions they had that were popular . And that my own experience had convinced me -- going back to '94 and even more when I was governor -- that that was always a terrible mistake , " Clinton said this week . Official : Obamacare on track to meet original goal Five things polls tell us about Obamacare	Obamacare enrollment deadline has passed But Republicans have embraced it as a campaign issue What about the question of "  Obama fatigue " for voters ? David Jolly 's win in Florida partly attributed to anti-Obamacare sentiment
CNN  -- Maybe you had one as a kid , or knew someone who did . It 's the iconic little red wagon with the Radio Flyer logo . Radio Flyer is developing a prototype of a wagon with digital controls and an MP3 player dock . If so , you might not recognize the newest product dreamed up by the brain trust at Radio Flyer 's Chicago , Illinois , headquarters . This wagon , called the Cloud 9 , is equipped with enough high-tech bells and whistles to make the family minivan jealous . "  We approached this product much like an automotive company might with a concept car , " said Mark Johnson , Radio Flyer 's product development manager . Outfitted with 5-point safety harnesses , padded seats , cup holders , foot brakes and fold-out storage containers , the sleek , curved Cloud 9 has every family covered for a ride through the park . But that 's just for starters . There 's a digital handle that tracks temperature , time , distance and speed -- just in case energetic parents want to track their split times around the playground . And there 's a slot for an MP3 player , complete with speakers , for some cruising tunes . That 's right : The little red wagon has gone 2.0 . "  Music is such an important part of kids ' and families ' lives , we thought it would be great to have a speaker system built in the wagon , " said Tom Schlegel , vice president of product development . The Cloud 9 is still a prototype , but it was n't developed on a whim . The company did extensive market research beforehand , then tested it out on the real experts at home . "  We sit down -LSB- and -RSB- observe how moms and kids are using our products , " said Schlegel . "  That 's where our new ideas come from . " To develop those ideas , Radio Flyer 's designers are using state-of-the art technology . They use Wacom Cintiq graphic tablets , allowing them to draw directly onto digital renderings of new products . And Radio Flyer also has its own in-house computer numerical control , or CNC , machines that create prototypes right on site . Radio Flyer 's blend of cutting-edge design and old-fashioned products appears to be a successful recipe . In an economy where businesses and families alike are tightening their belts , the company is still going strong . "  Radio Flyer survived the Great Depression , and this year has been a difficult year for a lot of companies , " Schlegel says , "  But Radio Flyer is actually growing this year . We 're actually looking for engineers and designers in our product development group to keep up with the growth of the company . " That 's quite a testament for a company nearly 90 years old . Theirs is an American success story that started when Italian immigrant Antonio Pasin started building wooden toy wagons in 1917 . He had limited success but was encouraged enough to start the Liberty Coaster Company in 1923 . The company changed names seven years later , becoming Radio Steel & Manufacturing . The world was introduced that same year to the first steel wagon , called the Radio Flyer . Since then , Radio Flyer has become perhaps the world 's most famous maker of wagons , tricycles and other toys . The company 's best-known product even inspired a 1992 movie , "  Radio Flyer , " about a boy who imagines converting his red wagon into a flying machine to help his little brother flee an abusive stepdad . Whether you grew up on Rock - 'em Sock - 'em Robots or Xbox , the little red wagon has remained a mainstay of child 's play . It 's certainly evolved over the years , though -- the rusty metal has been replaced with plastic . But the spirit of Radio Flyer , which conjures memories of a simpler time , remains intact . "  One of the most important things about Radio Flyer products is that they really help -LSB- keep kids active outdoors -RSB- , " Schlegel said . "  So when we 're designing our products , we 're really looking at how can we get kids outside and playing , away from the video games and TV screens and computer screens . " CNN.com 's Brandon Griggs contributed to this story .	Radio Flyer , maker of the classic red toy wagon , is creating a high-tech new product The Cloud 9 wagon has digital controls , speakers and a dock for an MP3 player The wagon is still a prototype , developed after extensive market research Radio Flyer 's founder began building wooden toy wagons in 1917
CNN  -- A 46-year-old man from Austin , Texas , died Sunday during the swim portion of the Escape from Alcatraz Triathlon in San Francisco , according to race officials . "  We have reason to believe the gentleman suffered from a massive cardiac event as he entered the water and began the swim , " race director Bill Burke said in a statement . "  Water safety noticed him immediately and initiated CPR while he was in the water and as they transferred him to land , " he added . Burke said he believes the man 's death marks the first in the triathlon 's 33-year history . "  The thoughts and prayers of the entire Escape from Alcatraz Triathlon team are with the family and friends of the racer as they mourn this loss , " he said . The statement did not identify the triathlete who died . ' A lot of people seemed to be having trouble on the swim ' The race , which took place in June last year , was scheduled earlier this year to accommodate the 2013 America 's Cup . The change in date meant athletes competed in colder conditions . Approximately 2,000 people take part in the race each year , according to the Escape from Alcatraz Triathlon website . The competition includes a 1.5 mile swim from Alcatraz Island , an 18-mile bike race and an 8-mile run . Alcatraz Island , in the San Francisco Bay , is known for a high-security prison that operated there for some 30 years before closing in 1963 . Officially , no one ever escaped from Alcatraz , but a handful of prisoners who attempted to escape were never found and remain listed as "  missing and presumed drowned , " according to the Federal Bureau of Prisons .	The 46-year-old man is said to have suffered a "  massive cardiac event " He was participating in the 33rd Escape from Alcatraz Triathlon The race includes a 1.5 mile swim , an 18-mile bike race and an 8-mile run
Las Vegas , Nevada  CNN  -- The debate over distracted drivers ramped up a notch on Thursday as Ford Motor Co. announced technology to let computers read their Twitter feeds to them while behind the wheel . The company has not formally announced technology to let drivers post tweets verbally from behind the wheel , but such an announcement likely will come in the next 12 to 18 months , Doug VanDagens , Ford 's global director of connected services , told CNN in an interview after the company 's keynote address at the Consumer Electronics Show here . VanDagens said people read Twitter feeds and send text messages while they 're driving anyway , and that the automaker is trying to make those activities safer for drivers . "  We take what people do -- they talk on the phone , they fumble with mp3 players , they look at maps . We take these activities and make them safer , " he said . Safety groups have criticized car companies and technology makers for putting touch-screen devices that surf the Internet in cars . The U.S. is in a distracted driving crisis , and , in general , the more technology electronics makers put into cars , the less drivers are able to pay attention to the road , said Christie Hype , a spokeswoman for AAA , the motor safety group . "  The more things that are going on in a vehicle , the more things can distract a driver , " she said . "  You only have so much attention to give , and we really want everyone to keep their attention on the roadway for safety reasons . " More study of the tweeting by voice while driving would need to take place to make an absolute determination as to what effect Ford 's announcement will have on distracted driving , she said . Ford 's system , which will be installed in some cars later this year , does not let drivers surf the Internet visually while driving . A Wi-Fi hot spot in the new cars generate will let drivers browse the Web when their cars are parked , VanDagens said . The technologies will first show up in Edge and Focus model cars . Not all models will be upgraded in 2010 , but new lines of these cars will be equipped with the media-center technology , which features an 8-inch screen in the center of the dash and a media hookup under the armrest . A company representative would not comment on whether the technology will increase the price of Ford cars . Ford 's announcement also highlights the growing popularity and importance of mobile phone applications . Instead of downloading Twitter feeds through the car , Ford works with drivers ' mobile phones , pulling data from a number of apps , which are produced by other companies . The Twitter-reading function works with a Twitter mobile app called Open Beak . The car company also announced partnership with Pandora 's mobile app , which streams music , and Stitcher , an application for online news .	Ford says new technology will first show up in Edge and Focus model cars Ford official says tweeting from behind the wheel expected in a year Ford also includes Pandora music , Stitcher online news partnerships Company says they are just taking what people already do "  and make them safer "
CNN  -- Heavy crude oil flowing like a river through a central Arkansas neighborhood could keep residents away for several more days as crews work to clean it up . The oil began spilling into the Mayflower , Arkansas , subdivision Friday from a 2 - or 3-inch gash in the Pegasus pipeline , which carries Canadian crude from Patoka , Illinois , to Nederland , Texas , according to a state transportation engineer . The cause of the leak was undetermined , he told CNN affiliate KARK in Little Rock . About two dozen homes were evacuated as the crude oil , which originated in Canada and was bound for Gulf Coast refineries , crawled through yards and down streets . "  Hopefully in the near immediate future we can get residents back into certain areas of the neighborhood , " Environmental Protection Agency spokesman Nicolas Brescia said Sunday as reporters were given a tour of the neighborhood . Exxon Mobil , which owns the 60-year-old pipeline , met with displaced residents over the weekend to explain how they can make claims for losses . "  If you have been harmed by this spill then we 're going to look at how to make that right , " Exxon Mobil Pipeline Co. . President Gary Pruessing told them . Resident Darren Hale complained to CNN affiliate KHTV that being forced to leave his home was frustrating . "  I 've heard three contradictory answers as to when I will be able to go back home , " Hale said . He was first told it would be two days , but later that it would be up to two weeks , he said . Joe Bradley , whose home is about five houses away from the rupture , told KHTV he was worried about how the spill could affect his 8-year-old daughter 's health . "  Is she supposed to ride her bicycle out here playing with kids out here ? " Bradley asked . An around-the-clock cleanup operation began Saturday , with workers scrubbing streets and driveways in the Northwood subdivision , CNN affiliate KATV reported . "  The next step is going to be power washing , " Faulkner County Judge Allen Dodson told KATV Sunday . "  More than likely , I think we are doing some testing with some power washing right now with the techniques involved there . " None of the estimated 12,000 barrels of oil that spilled has made it to nearby Lake Conway , a local drinking water source , Dodson said . "  We 're approximately a mile from Lake Conway or at least from the cove , " he said . The Pegasus pipeline , which could carry up to 90,000 barrels of crude each day , was built more than 60 years ago , an Exxon Mobil spokesman said . Leaks are not uncommon , but the company 's recent inspections showed no red flags for this section , he told KARK .	Oil spills into a Mayflower , Arkansas , subdivision from a gash in the pipeline Families evacuate about two dozen homes as oil crawls through yards and down streets Residents complain about the uncertainty of when they can go home The pipeline carries Canadian crude from Patoka , Illinois , to Nederland , Texas
New York  CNN  -- The FBI said Friday that white powder found at New Jersey hotels near the site of the Super Bowl and at the Manhattan office of former Mayor Rudy Giuliani proved to be non-hazardous . Hazardous materials teams and bomb squads responded after white powder was found at several hotels near New Jersey 's MetLife Stadium , authorities said . In a statement late Friday , the New Jersey State Police said most of the locations that the Joint Terrorism Task Force and hazard materials responded to because of the suspicious powder had been secured . No injuries were reported . The FBI In New York tweeted Friday afternoon : "  Substances in suspicious letters in New York and New Jersey deemed non hazardous . Additional testing to come . " The contents of one letter sent to the Homewood Suites in East Rutherford were tested and determined to be cornstarch , East Rutherford Mayor James Cassella said . A New York police spokesman said the letter sent to Giuliani 's office contained a "  nontoxic substance . " Still , eight employees in the mail room were decontaminated as a precaution , and no one has shown any sign of illness , he said . Giuliani told CNN 's Wolf Bitzer on The Situation Room that the letter with white powder was addressed to his administrative assistant . "  Of course , it created tremendous concern , " he said . "  But the police department showed up . My firm . ... is a security firm , thank goodness , so they knew how to handle it immediately . They did a a test . The preliminary test is that it 's nontoxic ... We do n't know if it 's connected to the six or seven that were sent in New Jersey . " He added , "  It 's kind of a strange letter , more than a threatening letter . Said something about ` you 're being my best friend ' and this person is not my best friend or my assistant 's best friend , or anyone we know . ... At this point , all we know is the good news is it 's not toxic . The bad news is we do n't really know if it 's connected . " The letter was postmarked from Toronto , Ontario , and contained a name and return address . New York law enforcement authorities were in touch with Canadian authorities to pursue the source of the letter , police said . In New Jersey , Hackensack University Medical Center evaluated some people who may have come in contact with the suspicious letters , a State Police spokesman said . No illnesses or injuries were reported . In a statement , the FBI said earlier Friday : "  The Joint Terrorism Task Force and Hazard Materials units have responded to several locations that have received a suspicious letter and substance . There are no reported injuries at this time , and the locations are being secured . " The scares come amid tight security before Sunday 's game . More air marshals and behavioral detection officers , radiological detection teams and random baggage checks at transit hubs are among the security measures the federal Homeland Security Department deployed to help local police in New Jersey and New York secure the Super Bowl . The stadium 's location near a major airport and busy commuter train lines presents security challenges . Unlike audiences for other championship games , spectators of Super Bowl XLVIII will rely heavily on mass transit . Chris Murray , business management president at the Quality Inn in Lyndhurst , said the hotel received a suspicious letter but he did not know what was inside the envelope . He said local police were at the hotel and that a Hazmat team and bomb squad were expected to examine the letter . Murray said other hotels on the same corner in Lyndhurst also received suspicious envelopes , including the Renaissance and Marriott Courtyard . The letter was sitting on a desk in his office , Murray said . Other hotels that received suspicious packages included the Econo Lodge , Holiday Inn and Hampton Inn in Carlstadt , and Renaissance Inn and Homestead in Rutherford . Law enforcement officials said six letters were discovered in New Jersey . CNN 's Ross Levitt , Allie Malloy , Haimy Assefa , Haley Draznin and Julia Lull contributed to this report .	FBI says content of letters is n't hazardous An unknown powder is found at several hotels in New Jersey A letter with white powder sent to office of Rudy Giuliani
CNN  -- For goodness ' sake , it 's just like the Ford commercials . You know the ones , where they joke that "  and " is better than "  or , " whether it 's sweet and sour chicken or a bed and breakfast inn . Same thing with working mothers . I am not a worker or a mother . I am both : a worker and a mother . This consistent , aggressive infighting about leaning in vs. leaning out -- reignited by the New York Times story this week , "  Coveting Not a Corner Office , But Time At Home " -- is just more fodder for woman-on-woman mudslinging . And it does n't help anyone , least of all our kids , who are as a result groomed to think you ca n't be all you want to be . Social media and listservs of professional women have been back and forth commenting on this seemingly neverending fight , fueled in part by media coverage and by the persistent attacks and retreats of women sniping at other women -- on both sides . It is belittling to assert that women can handle only one role at a time . And that one role is better than the other . No one is insisting a father has to choose between his work and his children in order to be a good dad . So why can a woman perform just one role at a time ? This latest New York Times feature misses a key possibility : that it is entirely possible to be an ambitious good mother . The births of my three sons  now 24 , 22 and 19  did not hormonally erase my desire to accomplish as much as possible professionally . The work that I love -- teaching journalism at Northwestern University , writing books and articles , giving keynotes and leading professional workshops -- has not hindered my ability to attend every parent-teacher conference or scream their names from the stands for the past 20 years . But from this latest piece of work , you can gather it is not possible as a working parent to walk and chew gum at the same time . I recoil at the way working parents are characterized in this passage : "  I never miss a baseball game , " said Ms. Uttech , uttering a statement that is a fantasy for millions of working mothers  and fathers  nationwide .  This attendance record is even more impressive when you realize that her children play in upward of six a week . Yes , Sara Uttech , you did your fair share . But I want to point out to the writer that like so many women , I went to way more than six games , matches , tournaments or conferences a week for three sons who played baseball , basketball , soccer and football before each finally settled into wrestling . There were weeks with nine to 15 games and practices for three boys . On the extremely rare occasion I missed ? It was because one son was in a game or match at the same time as another . There were plenty of Saturdays where I drove from one gym to another across the suburbs of Chicago , logging more than 100 miles . And on Monday , I went to work . A whole lot of us do . According to a recent study from Pew Research , 40 % of all households with children younger than 18 include women who are either the sole or primary breadwinners . Most of us -- 63 % -- are single mothers . What working women and stay-at-home mothers do not do is stop thinking of this as black/white either/or territory . Millions of us waste time believing the grass is greener on the other side . Even fashion designer Victoria Beckham , 39 , feels that she may be missing out , and she comes home to David Beckham . She told US Weekly this week , "  It 's a huge juggling act , when you are a working mother and looking after your family . Millions and millions of women around the world are doing this every day , but it 's not easy and yes , you feel guilty every time you walk out of the door to go to work . " As a single parent who is sole support and has been for many years , I have needed to work as hard as I possibly can , saying yes to every invitation to consult , speak , write or work in order to pay the mortgage , food , tuition , room and board and all else for three sons . I decided that it would be optimal to do work I love because there is no choice to opt out . For me , it works . I am not superwoman , and I am not hissing at the neighbors who stay home with their children as I pull out of the garage at 7 a.m. I am not perfect ; I do not do everything perfectly . I just really enjoy my life as a mother who is professionally ambitious , too . And I do not believe my children have suffered because of it . Liz O'Donnell , who recently completed the upcoming book "  Mogul , Mom & Maid : The Balancing Act of The Modern Woman , " says her research shows that women do not want an either/or life . "  I 've talked to scores of women who are trying to balance career and family . These women want fulfilling careers , and they are willing to do the hard work . But they are not willing to sacrifice their families , nor should they have to , " O'Donnell said . But the issue is not entirely decided by mothers but by their employers . In her New York Times story , Catherine Rampell writes in defense of the story 's main character 's decision to scale back at work : "  Ms. Uttech wants a rewarding career , but more than that she wants a flexible one . That ranking of priorities is not necessarily the one underlying best-selling books like Sheryl Sandberg 's ` Lean In , ' which advises women to seek out leadership positions , throw themselves at their careers , find a partner who helps with child care and supports their ambition , and negotiate for raises and promotions . " O'Donnell , a public relations executive , founder of the blog Hello , Ladies and mother of two , disagrees . "  Framing the issue as leaning in vs. leaning out is n't accurate , " she said . "  For a variety of reasons , from overt and subtle gender discrimination at work , inflexible workplace policies , lack of support at home , outdated school schedules that do n't mesh with corporate hours , women are rejecting the corner office and businesses should take heed . " As women , we do not hesitate to claim that we can be wives , mothers , sisters , daughters and friends at the same time . Why can we not be successful in our professions and parents at the same time without someone insisting it ca n't be done ? Why ca n't we be good mothers and good employees ? I say it is about "  and , " not "  or . " The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Michele Weldon .	Michele Weldon writes that women sniping about whether to "  Lean In " does n't help A recent New York Times story encourages more infighting among women , she says Weldon : "  It is belittling to assert that women can only handle one role at a time "
CNN  -- Typhoon Sanba was aiming squarely at South Korea early Sunday after passing over the Japanese island of Okinawa , according to regional forecasters . It made landfall in northeastern Okinawa around 6:30 a.m. Sunday  5:30 p.m. ET Saturday  with an eye that was nearly half the island 's length . There were no immediate reports of damage . As of 9:50 p.m. ET , Samba was moving to the north at 30 kph  18 mph  , the Japan Meteorological Association said . The storm has maximum sustained winds of estimated winds of 194 kph  120 mph  and gusts nearing 241 kph  149 mph  , according to the Joint Typhoon Warning Center , the U.S. military agency responsible for issuing tropical storm warnings in the Pacific Ocean . Sanba is on track to make a direct hit on South Korea in a couple of days , the Korean Meteorological Association predicted , before moving up the Chinese coast . People in Okinawa and along the rest of the Ryukyu Island chain took serious precautions ahead of the storm . The infrastructure on the island is designed to withstand powerful storms , since the island is in an area of the western Pacific Ocean where typhoons are frequent . But storm surge could prove to be a problem for residents . "  It 's a large storm , and it 's going to have a fairly wide-reaching effect , " CNN International weather anchor Jenny Harrison said . In the city of Ginowan in southern Okinawa on Saturday afternoon , skies were gray with dark clouds in the distance , according to video from CNN iReporter Kathryn Spoor . Even though it had weakened since Friday when it was briefly classified as a super typhoon , Sanba now has the same intensity as a Category 3 hurricane , meteorologists say . A Category 3 , on a scale of 1 to 5 , is a major hurricane with winds ranging from 111 to 129 mph . The storm is expected to have a far-reaching effect . It could cause serious flooding in the Philippine capital of Manila , for instance . Sanba is forecast to make a second landfall in mainland South Korea around noon local time Monday . It could also strike southern mainland Japan . Last month , Typhoon Bolaven killed more than 60 people on the Korean peninsula . Bolaven had also swept over Okinawa , which escaped relatively unscathed .	NEW : Typhoon Sanba is on track to hit South Korea It made landfall in Okinawa earlier SundayThe eye of the storm is nearly half the island 's length The eye of the storm was nearly half the island 's length Sanba has the same intensity as a Category 3 hurricane
PHILADELPHIA , Pennsylvania  CNN  -- If you 're out of work like Steve Lippe , who was laid off from his job as a salesman in January , you know you already have problems . But looking at the fine print that came with his new unemployment debit card , he became livid . A brochure that goes out to Pennsylvanians seeking unemployment via debit card lists a number of fees . "  A $ 1.50 -LSB- fee -RSB- here , a $ 1.50 there , " he said . "  Forty cents for a balance inquiry . Fifty cents to have your card denied . Thirty-five cents to have your account accessed by telephone . " He was quoting fees listed in a brochure that goes out to every unemployed person in Pennsylvania who chooses to receive benefits via debit card . He was given the option when he filed for jobless payments : Wait 10 days for a check or get the card immediately . Like most of the 925,000 state residents who received unemployment benefits in February in Pennsylvania , he chose the debit card and only then , he says , did he learn about the fees . "  I was outraged by it , " he told CNN . "  I was very noisy about it . I just could n't believe it . An outrage is just too weak a word . It 's obscene . " According to the U.S. Department of Labor , 30 states offer direct deposit cards to the unemployed . Many of the nation 's biggest banks have contracts with the individual states . JP Morgan Chase , for instance , has contracts with seven states and has pending deals with two others , according to Chase spokesman John T. Murray . About 10 states , the Labor Department says , pay by check only . The National Consumer Law Center says fees range from 40 cents to a high of $ 3 per transaction , if the debit card is used at an out-of-network ATM . Most banks give jobless debit card users one free withdrawal per deposit period , which averages every other week in most states . But consumer advocates , including the Law Center , say the unemployed "  should be able to obtain cash and perform basic functions with no fees . " A key Democratic member of the House Financial Services Committee , which oversees bank regulation and theTroubled Asset Relief Program  TARP  , told CNN she agrees wholeheartedly . "  Fees should not be attached to unemployment benefits that the taxpayers are paying to help Americans , " Rep. Carolyn Maloney , D-New York , told CNN . "  Particularly , these fees should not be attached by banks that are getting TARP money and are being supported by taxpayer dollars . " CNN asked some of the major banks involved in the debit card program for a response . Spokesmen for JP Morgan Chase , Wachovia , Bank of America and Wells Fargo all directed us to the individual state governments for comment . The acting secretary of labor and industry for Pennsylvania is Sandi Vito . Via e-mail , her staff invited CNN reporters to Allentown , Pennsylvania , where she was taking part at a public meeting at an elementary school . Afterward , she said , she would answer questions about the debit card fees . But when the meeting ended , her staff said she was too busy to talk . Watch Vito leave meeting in a hurry " Her spokesman , Troy A. Thompson , spoke with CNN after Vito left . "  The distribution system for people getting their benefits has been improved by the use of debit cards , way above and beyond the distribution by check , " he said . The U.S. Department of Labor provided what it called "  talking points " to CNN when asked for comment on the fee structure . "  States can do a better job negotiating fees with banks , " the department said . "  Many states have obtained terms far more favorable to claimants than those described in media reports . " In addition , according to the talking points , the Labor Department said it was aware states are offering unemployment debit cards for good reasons : • It is less expensive for claimants without bank accounts because they do n't need to pay check cashing fees . • Claimants can use the card free at merchants and therefore do n't need to carry excess cash . • Generally , these cards are safer and more secure than checks . "  We will be working with states as they gain experience with debit cards to resolve these problems related to fees , " the Labor Department said .	Pennsylvania one of several states offering debit cards in lieu of checks for jobless Some who opted to go with debit cards outraged to get fees without notice State labor official says debit cards have greatly improved distribution system U.S. Department of Labor : States can do better in negotiating fees with banks
MUMBAI , India  CNN  -- The last gunmen in a standoff at the Taj Mahal hotel in Mumbai were killed early Saturday , the city 's police chief told CNN sister station CNN-IBN , but another official said more attackers could be inside the hotel . "  It 's completely over , except for the fact that now we will start searching the hotel and sanitizing it against any explosives and against any other things that may have been left behind , " police Chief Hussain Gafoor said . The announcement coincided with the end of intermittent gunfire from the historic Taj , which has been the scene of a violent and drawn-out standoff resulting in numerous deaths and injuries since Wednesday . It also signaled a potential end to two nights and three days of terror attacks targeting several high-traffic landmarks in Mumbai known to be frequented by tourists . The casualty toll from the attacks reached 160 dead and 327 wounded Friday , officials said . However , J.K. Dutt , director-general of the national security guard , said there could be more terrorists and that the operation was still ongoing . Dutt also differed from Gafoor on the number of gunmen involved , saying three , not two , had been killed . He appealed to guests hiding in their rooms to open their curtains to signal their presence to security officials , saying it would help police snipers determine whether someone in a room was actually a terrorist with a weapon . The announcements came shortly after a fire swept through the ground floor , enveloping much of the historic building . By 8:30 a.m. local time , the fire was under control , CNN-IBN reported . Dutt said the fire had been set by the attackers as a diversionary tactic CNN-IBN also reported that someone had jumped from the hotel during the fire and appeared to be dead . It broadcast a picture of the body taken with a cell phone . On Friday , scores of hostages trickled out of the Taj and the nearby Oberoi hotel ; some had spent as many as 48 hours huddled with strangers in guest rooms , closets or darkened banquet halls . It is still unclear who is behind the attacks , but the gunmen were men in their 20s who "  obviously had to be trained somewhere , " a member of the Indian navy 's commando unit said Friday . Watch the commando talk about the attackers " They fired at guests "  with no remorse " and knew the layout of the hotels well enough to "  vanish " after confronting security forces , the commando said . British Parliament member Sajjad Karim was in a herd of people running from gunfire in the lobby of the Taj when another gunman appeared before them and opened fire . "  From the very brief glimpse that I got of him , he was fairly young man of south Asian appearance , and he was wearing a smile on his face as he started to spray the bullets , " Karim told CNN 's Wolf Blitzer . Watch Karim describe the gunman " Karim said he spent eight hours barricaded in a room at the Taj with 40 to 50 people before commandos rescued him . But many did not make it out alive . The 160 who died included Westerners and Asians of all walks of life , including Indian police and military , five Americans and a British yacht magnate . Watch survivor say gunmen were targeting Brits and Americans " Maharashtra state official Bhushan Gagrani said the death toll is expected to rise further . Eleven terrorists have also been killed . Earlier , police said they found 36 bodies during a sweep of the Oberoi hotel ; they killed two militants and freed hundreds of trapped guests . Americans Alan Scherr , 58 , and his daughter Naomi , 13 , of Virginia died at the Oberoi . They were visiting India with a meditation group . Read more about those killed in the terror attacks The bodies of five hostages were found at the Chabad House Jewish center , which houses the Mumbai headquarters of the Chabad community , a Hasidic Jewish movement . Commandos stormed the building through a hole blasted in the wall . Watch another day of terror in Mumbai " After several hours of gunfire and explosions from inside , all went quiet , and CNN 's senior international correspondent Nic Robertson said it appeared that the operation was over . Mumbai Police Commissioner Hasan Gafoor told CNN-IBN that the gunman at the Taj was shooting and throwing grenades at security forces . Gafoor said most of the attackers had been heavily armed . "  They were carrying an AK assault rifle , one or two handguns and grenades . " Throughout the day , there were explosions , some blowing out windows at the 105-year-old landmark . Some guests have been able to get out of the building . Watch CNN 's exclusive access to some of the wounded " The identity of the attackers remained a mystery . Police said they came by boats to the waterfront near the Gateway of India monument and the two hotels . Indian naval and coast guard investigators have determined that two vessels recently seized in the Arabian Sea have no links to the Mumbai attacks . A fishing trawler , however , remains in custody . The Press Trust of India , citing Union Cabinet Minister Kapil Sibal , reported that the gunmen had worked for months to prepare , even setting up "  control rooms " in the two luxury hotels that were targeted . Indian authorities said no one had claimed responsibility , although the Deccan Mujahideen took credit in e-mails sent to several Indian news outlets . Interpol said it would send a delegation to India , and the U.S. Federal Bureau of Investigation wants to send a team , but India has not officially asked for its help . Pranab Mukherjee , the external affairs minister for Maharashtra state , said the preliminary investigation "  indicates that some elements in Pakistan are involved . " "  Until the investigation is complete , it will be difficult to say where they came from and how they came , " he said . Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh also indicated that the gunmen came from Pakistan 's largest city , Karachi , in a call with his Pakistani counterpart Friday . In response , Pakistani Prime Minister Yousuf Raza Gilani said he would send a representative from his country 's intelligence agency to help with the investigation . A British security source told CNN that British security officials are investigating why two bodies believed to be those of terrorists were found with British identification documents . "  Not everybody can fire the AK series of weapons ; not everybody can throw a grenade like that , " a commando said outside the Taj hotel . "  It is obvious that they were trained somewhere . " Watch an analyst says attackers had ` combat experience ' " The shell-shocked city woke Friday to television images of Indian soldiers rappelling down ropes from military choppers on to the roof of Chabad House . The Chabad-Lubavitch International group said Rabbi Gavriel Noach Holtzberg , 29 , made a phone call to the Israeli Consulate to report gunmen in the house . "  In the middle of the conversation , the line went dead , " the organization said . His wife , Rivka , 28 , was also killed . The couple 's toddler son , Moshe , escaped with his nanny , the organization said in a written statement . Watch a Rabbi vow that the community will raise victim 's son " The bodies of three other hostages were found in the building . Two gunmen died in the battle at Chabad House , CNN-IBN reported . CNN 's Andrew Stevens , Mallika Kapur , Harmeet Singh , Sara Sidner , Alessio Vinci , Reza Sayah and Paula Newton contributed to this report .	NEW : Police chief says last gunmen in Taj killed , authorities "  sanitizing " hotel NEW : National Security Guard head says more attackers could be inside NEW : News coincides with end of gunfire at Taj , signaling potential end of siege Death toll at 160 civilians , police and military , including 5 Americans
The Western Australian government killed its first shark over the weekend as part of a controversial culling program that has drawn an angry reaction from conservationists and activists . A spokesman for the Western Australia  WA  government confirmed that a commercial fisherman had caught and shot a three-meter tiger shark one kilometer off Old Dunsborough in the South West region . The government 's program of using hooked lines attached to floating drums to cull sharks in its waters follows a spate of fatal shark attacks in the waters off Australia 's largest state . Seven people have been killed in shark attacks in WA over the past three years , the government said . The scheme has been denounced by conservationists who say the sea predators should remain protected species . The culling program went ahead after federal environment minister Greg Hunt granted WA an exemption under the Environment Protection and Biodiversity Conservation Act allowing the state to hunt down sharks . The exemption allows it to hunt the protect great white shark , one of the world 's largest marine predators . "  To think this shark had been in the water for 12 hours , possibly with a big bleeding hook in its mouth suffering , is just ridiculous , " Sea Shepherd spokeswoman Rae Threnoworth told CNN affiliate Sky News . The state 's premier Colin Barnett , however , said the bait-and-kill policy puts people first . "  I get no pleasure from seeing sharks killed , but I have an overriding responsibility to protect the people of Western Australia , and that 's what I 'm doing , " Mr Barnett told a press conference . Opponents have pledged to interfere with the program and Australian media reported that shark cull activists had removed bait from drum lines . The WA Department of Fisheries is currently working on a satellite-linked shark tagging program as part of its research and protection program . Shark Monitoring Network Project Manager Mark Kleeman said the new monitor near the Busselton Jetty , 220km south of the state capital Perth , would allow beach safety authorities to know , through near real-time alerts , if a tagged shark was in the vicinity . "  Expansion of the satellite-linked network is part of a long-term project to improve safety at West Australian beaches , which will also help scientists better understand the movements of tagged sharks through WA waters , " Mr Kleeman said in a government release . Besides the satellite-linked monitors , there are also approximately 320 seabed monitors located around the South and West coasts that record movements of tagged sharks . Mr Kleeman said each time data was physically retrieved from those monitors it would also help to establish a much broader understanding of shark behaviur and movement in WA waters . "  338 sharks have now been tagged for the ongoing Shark Monitoring Network project and the ongoing tagging program will continue to help provide even more data , " he said . Face to face with great whites to solve big mystery Report : Shark attacks are up	Western Australian government kills first shark as part of a controversial culling program Shooting of a three-meter tiger shark draws an angry response from activists Seven people have been killed in shark attacks in WA over the past three years The state 's premier Colin Barnett defended the bait-and-kill policy , saying it put people first
Havana , Cuba  CNN  -- Already difficult , traveling to Cuba from the United States may soon be getting a lot harder . The Cuban government said Tuesday it has suspended all consular services it provides in the United States because it can not find a U.S. bank willing to take its business . The move could severely impact Cuban-Americans ' ability to visit family on the island . The U.S. State Department said Wednesday it will try to assist Cuba 's bid for a solution . Cubans who spend more than two years away from the island are required by the Cuban government to apply for permission to return , even for a short visit . While the U.S. economic embargo prevents commercial transaction with the island , some exceptions are allowed such as the Cuban diplomatic mission or Interests Section in Washington and the U.S. equivalent in Havana . U.S. hosts Cuba migration talks According to a Cuban government statement , M&T Bank in July said it would no longer service Cuban banking needs in the United States . "  This act will provoke grave problems with the normal operations of the Interests Section and Permanent Mission at the United Nations , " the Cuban government said in a statement released Tuesday . M&T Bank , based in Buffalo , New York , did not immediately respond to an inquiry from CNN regarding the matter . The State Department said it was a "  business decision . " "  We can not force a private bank to provide services to a diplomatic mission , " the State Department said . The Cuban government said it has been unable to find another bank willing to handle its financial transactions in the United States . The government said it needs a bank in the United States to handle transactions , including issuing documents for travel . Cuba to do away with dual currency system The statement said everything but humanitarian services would be halted , meaning that direct travel between the United States and Cuba could be severely impacted . It 's unclear when travel between the two countries will be affected . The process to journey to and from Cuba already was a lengthy and complicated process . According to Cuban government statistics , nearly 100,000 U.S. citizens traveled to Cuba last year , despite the decades-old U.S. travel ban . The Obama administration in 2009 allowed Cubans with family on the island to make unlimited trips to the island and permitted U.S. citizens engaging in "  people-to-people " travel with a licensed tour guide to visit the island . "  The -LSB- Interests -RSB- Section particularly regrets the affect this situation will have on Cuban citizens and Americans , " the Cuban statement said . "  It will have negative consequences on family visits , exchanges of an academic , cultural , educational , scientific and sporting nature between Cuba and the US . " The State Department said , "  The U.S. government seeks to help foreign missions in the United States that have been unable to obtain banking services , while ensuring the continued security of the U.S. financial system including through appropriate regulatory oversight . " Cuba libre : Could port herald new economic age ? Cuba to allow athletes to seek pro contracts abroad	NEW : State Department says it will try to assist Cuba Cuba says it no longer has bank in U.S. to handle consular matters This could affect travel transactions for visitors , citizens Relatives in U.S. have been able to visit Cuba
Istanbul , Turkey  CNN  -- -- Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad lashed out at Israel and warned the United States against pushing for new sanctions on his country a news conference on the sidelines of an Asian security summit here Tuesday . A key item on the agenda at the summit is last week 's Israeli raid on an aid flotilla in the Mediterranean . Ahmadinejad said the confrontation revealed Israel 's "  devilish " nature . "  It showed violence and hatred and war-mongering attitudes , " he said at the news conference . "  The devilish sound of the uncultured Zionists was coming out from their deceit . ... They were holding up the flag of the devil itself . " The raid led to the deaths of nine people , all Turkish citizens -- including one Turkish-American . Turkey is urging Israel to accept an international probe into the incident . Ahmadinejad congratulated Turkey , which has been in a war of words with Israel following the raid , for its response . Israel 's envoy to Turkey later walked out on an Ahmadinejad speech at the conference . Ambassador Gabby Levy walked out in protest when Ahmadinejad started criticizing the "  Zionist regime , " said Amit Zarouk , a spokesman for the Israeli Embassy in Ankara . Both Israel and Iran are members of Conference on Interaction and Confidence Building Measures in Asia  CICA  . Ahmadinejad and Levy did appear together in a group photo of delegates to the conference , along with dozens of other attendees . "  Beleaguered " was how one Western diplomat described Levy 's disposition during Tuesday 's meeting . Host country Turkey , once Israel 's close Middle Eastern ally , has called on member countries to condemn Israel 's raid on the aid convoy . The incident has pushed Turkey to side with Israel 's enemies Iran and Syria , in harshly condemning the Jewish state . Russia , which is also a member of CICA , condemned the attack as well , Prime Minister Vladimir Putin said in remarks carried on Russian state TV . "  Generally speaking , such actions against civilian vessels are unacceptable , " Putin said . "  The fact that they were conducted in neutral waters raises many questions , and the incident must be thoroughly investigated . We are sorry for the victims of the incident , and we hope nothing of this kind will happen again . " Iran 's nuclear program has been another major topic at the summit . The United States expects to bring a new resolution on increased sanctions against Iran over its nuclear program to a vote in the United Nations Security Council this week . A draft resolution saying Iran had failed to meet international requirements and U.N. resolutions was circulating at the world body on Tuesday . CNN obtained a copy from a Western diplomat . The resolution -- which could still be changed before it comes to a vote -- is set to call for tighter restrictions on people , companies and organizations , including the Revolutionary Guard Corps . The targets of the sanctions are still being worked out , the diplomat said . By calling for a resolution instead of sitting down for talks with Iran , the United States is "  gravely mistaken , " Ahmadinejad said . "  Within the framework of respect and justice , we 're ready to negotiate with everyone . Anyone who is going to resort to the language of force and aggression , the response is clear , " he said . Ahmadinejad went on to commend Turkey and Brazil for recently negotiating a deal with Iran on a uranium enrichment swap . "  The initiative marked the beginning of a new path -- the beginning of an end to unilateralism in the world , " he said . The United States , he added , missed an opportunity by not embracing the deal . Putin said sanctions against Iran should not be "  excessive , or put the Iranian leadership , and above all the Iranian people , in a false position that would put obstacles in the way of Iran 's peaceful nuclear energy development . " Asked whether the raid on the flotilla last week will change the way countries vote in the Security Council , Ahmadinejad said the raid will actually change many things . For Israel , he said , "  it has actually rung the final countdown for its existence . It shows that it has no room in the region and no one is ready to live alongside it . Actually , no country in the world recognizes it , and you know that the Zionist regime is the backbone of the dictatorial world order . " In fact , many countries recognize Israel . He added , "  Maybe at the Security Council , it will impact temporarily . The Zionist regime , with what it has done , it actually stopped its possibility to exist in the region anymore . " CNN 's Ivan Watson and Maxim Tkachenko contributed to this report .	NEW : Draft resolution slapping tighter sanctions on Iran circulates at U.N. Russian PM Putin says Israel raid on aid flotilla is ` unacceptable ' Israeli ambassador walks out on Ahmadinejad speech Iranian president says last week 's flotilla raid showed Israel 's ` devilish ' nature
Hong Kong  CNN  -- Hong Kong 's billionaire properties are the most expensive in the world , according to global real estate firm , Savills . "  Ultra-prime " properties in Hong Kong cost # 7,200 per square foot  $ 10,880  on average , Savills said in its latest World Cities Review report , which compares property prices for top luxury homes . Other Asia Pacific cities dominated the ranking , with Tokyo , Shanghai , Singapore , Mumbai and Sydney all among the top 10 most expensive cities to buy luxury property in 2012 . Real estate values worldwide doubled in the last seven years , with large increases seen in China and Asia , thanks to the emergence of new wealthy classes and rising commodity prices , the report said . Singapore and Mumbai experienced the highest growth in property prices since 2005 , with a growth of 232 % and 176 % , respectively . Tokyo had the slowest growth at 8 % . "  The activity of billionaires in international real estate markets reflects the creation of global wealth and the economic success of particular regions and cities , " the report said . "  This means that the cities in newly emerged economies have significantly outperformed those in the ` old world ' economies of the U.S. , Japan , Australia and Europe . " READ MORE : Report : U.S. , China dominate global billionaires New York stands out among world cities as "  particularly good value " for residential properties , "  especially from an income return point of view , " according to the report . New York has dropped to seventh on the list of most expensive residential real estate cities -- down from fourth in 2005 . "  Only London 's ultra-prime market stands out among the ` old world ' cities as having shown significant growth since 2005 , totaling 107 % , " the report said . Real estate costs for businesses are cheapest in Mumbai , with Sydney offering the best value for money . "  We may well see Sydney becoming an increasingly global city as it proves attractive to new and expanding business on the Pacific Rim , " the report said . But restrictions on foreign buyers to purchase homes remain an obstacle , according to Savills . READ MORE : Report reveals where world 's richest live New tax measures to curb real estate spending have caused slowdowns in markets from Asia to Europe . In 2012 , Singapore 's growth slowed to 5 % , Hong Kong 's growth stalled in the second half of the year , and London slowed noticeably in the second half , Savills noted . Paris saw a drop in billionaire property values , but remains the fourth most expensive city overall for top-end homes , at an average price of # 2,900 per square foot  $ 4,383  . READ MORE : Best place to buy property in Asia The report also looked at leisure resort areas -- like Cap Ferrat in France , Alibag in India and Phuket , Thailand -- which lag in values compared to urban properties but have the most potential for growth , according to Savills . "  Billionaire activity has been concentrated on high-end urban centers rather than leisure properties in the surrounding countryside or regional sunbelts , " said Yolande Barnes , head of world research at Savills . "  This reflects a global preference for urban locations as these billionaires need to be located in cities where they can do business . " The highest price for an individual property in the last seven years was recorded in London 's Kensington Palace Gardens , where a home sold for # 8,500  $ 12,850  per square foot in 2008 . READ MORE : What city has world 's best quality of life ?	Savills : Real estate values worldwide have doubled in the past seven years Rise due to the emergence of new wealthy classes and rising commodity prices Most growth in ultra-luxury properties happening in Asia Pacific London is one of the few ` old world ' real estate markets that is bucking this trend
Move over Japan . Move over Silicon Valley . Africans are making a bid to turn the continent into the new home of mobile gaming . With more than 700 million mobile broadband subscribers across the continent , it 's little wonder a growing number of young entrepreneurs are jumping on the digital bandwagon and creating innovate , interactive content for their home market . One such man is Nigerian Hugo Obi . Earlier this year he launched Maliyo , a gaming firm aimed at creating culturally relevant content that reflects the lives of average Nigerians . "  Nigeria is the largest country in the continent , " he said . "  It has the fastest growing internet users , fastest growing mobile users and the shared nature of the Nigerian people is how they love to consume . "  They are very keen on new trends and new content . So there is an immense opportunity and you can already see that with loads of other young tech start ups . " Obi took inspiration from the San Francisco-based company Zynga Games , which was founded in 2007 . Its development of hugely popular games like Bubble Safari and Farmville introduced gaming to a new and even wider audience . It also gave Obi the determination to tap into the market of around 44 million Nigerian internet users , by offering them a local gaming experience . His firm now creates apps developed by Africans , for the African market , which can be played through websites like Facebook or on mobile devices . "  Okada Ride " is just one of Maliyo 's browser games that has a local narrative , in which the player weaves in and out of Nigeria 's pot-holed roads , avoiding oncoming traffic . Play Maliyo Games "  Okada Ride " Obi said : "  Okadas  motorbikes  are everywhere -- it 's insane . Our game allows people to get a local interactive experience . They can drive around pot holes and tuk tuks . We brought in local sounds from busy streets . There is that connectivity . " Obi is not alone in his crusade to turn Africa into a mobile gaming continent . Anne Shongwe founded the digital company Afroes in 2009 . "  When I started the company three years ago there was a global market for this , but there was n't an African market , " she said . "  The skill set was here , but companies did n't believe it was worth investing . For us we are prioritizing content for Africa . " Afroes now employs nine people in South Africa and Kenya . Its primary focus is educational gaming for teenagers and young adults who use smart phones and basic Nokia or Samsung handsets . "  Our focus is games for change , " said Shongwe . "  We have developed a game called Moraba . It 's part of a partnership with U.N. Women and its aim is to end violence against women . As you play the games you answer questions related to gender-based violence . " The games are available for free , with revenue generated through sponsorship and advertising . Obi also believes games can be educational . He said : "  Our focus is on the interactivity and the fun . But if we can offer another element then we think that could be a way for us to give back . "  In a game of multiple levels the challenge becomes more difficult . We 're looking at educating people between levels . You can score extra points if you answer questions  related to the game 's genre  correctly . " Along with providing a fun , interactive and sometimes educational experience , Africa 's burgeoning digital industry is also creating jobs . It is estimated that 70 % of Africa 's young people are jobless but a growing number are capitalizing on the digital market and are setting up their own companies . Obi and his team work alongside other firms at the Co-Creation Hub in Lagos . The hub acts as a business incubator and provides a base of operations for Maliyo and several other start ups . "  In the space you have lots of developers working on independent projects and we 're able to leverage and share knowledge and share expertise and share contacts and share experiences , " he said . "  We have a 12-hour power supply and 12-hour internet supply . We pay a flat rate over a 12-month period and that has significantly reduced our operation costs . " Kalaya Okereke agrees that networking is paramount to building a successful tech industry across the continent . She organizes workshops for the Youth Alliance for Leadership and Development in Africa , aimed at bringing entrepreneurs together . "  It 's about creating a network , not only of youth , young students , young professionals , young entrepreneurs , but more experienced professionals , " she said . "  The captains of industries , the dignitaries , people that have that inside knowledge they can share with them . "  We ca n't wait around for the government or older generations to do everything for us . " For Obi , waiting around is definitely not an option . He plans to develop his company quickly and release more titles soon . "  It is very , very challenging but the opportunities are immense . You have to continue to be motivated and that motivation has to come from inside , " he said . "  You have to be persistent . You have to be hungry , you have a good vision and you have to share that with as many people as possible . "	African game developers making mobile games aimed at local market Games aim to be fun and interactive , but also educational Burgeoning digital industry creating jobs as more young people go it alone Start-ups urged to network and promote their content across Africa
CABANATUAN CITY , Philippines  CNN  -- Typhoon Parma crossed the northern tip of the already storm-battered Philippines Saturday afternoon and early Sunday , killing three people , according to local media . A NASA satellite image shows Typhoon Parma as it headed toward the Philippines on Friday . Parma made landfall Saturday afternoon in a rural region of fishermen and farmers in Luzon , the largest of the Philippine islands . Tens of thousands of people to fled their homes for safer shelter . Winds whipped the coastline and felled power lines in northernmost Cagayan Province . Debris littered the roads , making evacuations even more difficult . At 5 a.m. Sunday  5 p.m. Saturday ET  , Parma , known locally as Typhoon Pepeng , had maximum sustained winds of 120 kilometers per hour  75 mph  with gusts as high as 148 kilometers  92 mph  as the eye began to leave land , heading to the northeast , according to the U.S. Navy 's Joint Typhoon Warning Center . Parma avoided a direct hit on heavily populated Manila , but the real menace in the Philippines capital was not wind . It was water , and there was no escape from it . Parma was expected to dump as much as 8 to 20 inches of rain in areas still water-logged from last week 's Typhoon Ketsana . That storm resulted in the heaviest rainfall in 40 years and at one point , 80 percent of Manila was submerged . Defense Secretary Gilbert Teodoro appealed to Filipinos to remain in shelters even if they were in cities and towns not directly in Parma 's path . He said he was worried about massive flooding and possible mudslides in mountainous regions . The government deployed 10,000 troops to help with rescue and relief operations as frightened Filipinos prepared for the worst . World Vision , the Christian humanitarian organization , was planning to launch relief operations Saturday evening in Isabela Province , one of the areas slammed by Parma . The group also plans assistance for nearby Cagayan province , whose capital , Tuguegarao , is being hit hard by Parma 's strong winds . Arturo Fidelino , a telecommunications executive in Manila , described panicked people rushing to stock up on essential goods -- drinking water , canned food and electrical supplies . "  We had a traumatic experience when we had Ketsana , " he said . "  We do n't want that to happen again . " President Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo placed the country "  under the state of calamity . " Macapagal-Arroyo said disaster-relief crews in vulnerable areas must be equipped with life-saving kits , boats , portable generators and trucks . Ketsana , which swallowed whole houses and buses over the weekend , killed 246 in the Philippines . It later strengthened into a typhoon . An additional 38 are missing , the National Disaster Coordinating Council said . The storm affected nearly 2 million people and forced the evacuation of 567,000 . CNN 's Eunice Yoon and Pamela Boykoff in Cabantuan City , and Josh Levs in Atlanta contributed to this report .	NEW : 3 dead in Philippines from Typhoon Parma , local media report Storm heads to sea after crossing northern Philippines Tens of thousands of Filipinos sought shelter in evacuation centers The biggest threat was rain in areas water-logged by Typhoon Ketsana
CNN  -- A fan of Dutch football team Ajax is in a serious condition in hospital after falling from the stands of the club 's Amsterdam ArenA stadium on Tuesday . The fan is said to have fallen while celebrating Ajax 's second goal , scored by Danny Hoesen , during a 2-1 European Champions League win over Barcelona . Amsterdam Police confirmed on Twitter that the supporter who had fallen approximately five meters and had been taken to hospital where he was in a serious condition . From the same account the police later denied social media rumors that the fan had died . The Ajax press office was not immediately available for comment , though the club 's Twitter feed sent the fan its best wishes . Pictures on social media appear to show the man lying motionless in a pool of blood . The incident comes days after a similar event at the Oakland Raiders vs. Tennessee Titans National Football League game on Sunday . A 61-year-old Marine veteran used his body to break the fall of a woman who had seemingly thrown herself from the third level of the Oakland Coliseum . The woman suffered a head wound while the man sustained non-life-threatening injuries . European football 's governing body UEFA stipulates that all Champions League matches must be played in all-seater stadia . Ten-man Ajax 's win over Barcelona handed the Catalans their first defeat under coach Gerardo Martino . After beating Celtic in Glasgow AC Milan remain second in Group H with nine points behind Barca , who have already qualified for the knockout stages , but Ajax are now only one point behind the Italian side on eight . The Dutch side will qualify for the last 16 if they can beat Milan at the San Siro stadium in the final round of Group H matches on December 11 .	Ajax fan sustains serious injuries after falling from the stands on Tuesday The spectator reportedly fell while celebrating Ajax 's second goal in 2-1 win over Barcelona Dutch club 's Twitter feed sends best wishes to fan Ajax unavailable for comment when contacted by CNN
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- A group of attackers stormed the entrance to the presidential palace in Kabul early Tuesday -- but they were quickly repelled , Afghan police said . Three guards died in the attack and another was injured , the Interior Ministry said . The Taliban claimed responsibility for the assault . All attackers were killed , said U.S. Ambassador James B. Cunningham in a statement condemning the attack . He called on the Taliban to cease violence and "  come to the table to talk to the Afghanistan government about peace and reconciliation . " The palace is located in the Shash Darak district of Kabul , near the U.S. Embassy and the headquarters of the International Security Assistance Force . "  We 're monitoring the situation right now , " said Maj. Will Griffin , an ISAF spokesman , during the attack . "  We 've heard reports of explosions and small arms fire . We 're taking necessary measures to ensure the safety of ISAF personnel and ISAF partners . " A pair of tweets from the official ISAF media account highlighted the seriousness of the situation . "  CAMP LOCKDOWN at ISAF HQ : SHELTER IN PLACE , " one post said . The other read : "  DUCK and COVER alarmed at @USEmbassyKabul . " A U.S. official said the U.S. believes the Taliban 's claim that they were targeting the presidential palace and the Ariana Hotel , where the CIA is headquartered . The official said there were no reports of any U.S. personnel killed or wounded . Coming a week after the international coalition handed over security , the attack was an early test of Afghan forces and their ability to maintain order . CNN 's Elizabeth Joseph contributed to this report .	The U.S. ambassador condemns the violence The attack on an entry checkpoint to the presidential palace kills three guards It comes days after international forces handed over security operations to the Afghans The presidential palace is located near the U.S. Embassy and ISAF headquarters
PYONGYANG , North Korea  CNN  -- North Korea on Friday destroyed a water cooling tower at a facility where officials acknowledge they extracted plutonium to build nuclear weapons , CNN 's Chief International Correspondent Christiane Amanpour reported from the scene . The cooling tower is demolished at the Yongbyon nuclear complex near Pyongyang , North Korea . The massive implosion , which came at about 5pm local time Friday at the Yongbyon facility , was intended to be a powerful public symbol of a move to end nuclear activities by the Communist nation once branded a member of an "  axis of evil " by U.S. President George W. Bush . The destruction of the highly visible symbol of North Korea 's long-secret nuclear program came just a day after the country released details of its program . "  They fired a warning flare and then in three minutes the whole thing came tumbling down in a massive cloud of smoke , " Amanpour said . Watch Amanpour 's report from the scene . " "  There was a moment of stunned silence as the magnitude of what had happened sunk in , " Amanpour said . U.S. State Department officials and observers from the International Atomic Energy Agency  IAEA  watched from a reviewing stand on a ridge about 1,000 yards away , she said . "  This is a very significant disablement step , " the U.S. envoy to North Korea , Sung Kim , said . Nuclear experts say that the plant 's destroyed central water-cooling tower would take a year or longer to rebuild if North Korea were to try using the plant again . "  This is a critical piece of equipment for the nuclear reactor , " said analyst John Wolfsthal , of the Center for Strategic and International Studies , who has been following North Korea since the 1980s . "  Without this facility , the reactor ca n't operate and ca n't produce more plutonium for weapons . " Watch the tower being demolished " North Korea has been dismantling other parts of the facility under the watchful eyes of representatives of the five other nations , including the U.S. , that have been involved in six-party talks aimed at ending Pyongyang 's nuclear weapons program . On Thursday , North Korean officials turned over to China a 60-page declaration , written in English , that details several rounds of plutonium production at the Yongbyon plant dating back to 1986 . Watch President Bush claim progress over the N. Korea nuclear issue " In it , North Korea acknowledges producing roughly 40 kilograms of enriched plutonium -- enough for about seven nuclear bombs , according to the U.S. State Department . In response , Bush said he would lift some U.S. sanctions against North Korea and remove the country from the State Department 's list of state sponsors of terrorism . But he made clear that other sanctions remained in place on North Korea -- which has been on the terrorism list since its alleged involvement in the 1987 bombing of a South Korean airliner which killed 115 people . "  The United States has no illusions about the regime in Pyongyang , " Bush said . "  We remain deeply concerned about North Korea 's human rights abuses , uranium enrichment activities , nuclear testing and proliferation , ballistic missile programs and the threat it continues to pose to South Korea and its neighbors . " U.S. analysts will pore over the document to resolve Washington 's outstanding concerns , which include questions about the extent of North Korea 's proliferation of nuclear technology and the status of any uranium enrichment program . Watch what 's still unknown after Pyongyang 's declaration " Friday 's event at the nuclear plant marked at least an effort by North Korea -- dubbed "  The Hermit Kingdom " in the international community for its isolationist tendencies -- to show the world a good-faith effort to end its nuclear weapons program . Media outlets from the five other nations involved in the talks were invited to view the tower 's implosion , a rare move in North Korea . CNN was among the media outlets present . But there appeared to be no mention of the declaration or planned implosion at Yongbyon on the Web site of North Korea 's state-run news agency on Thursday . And an article Wednesday noted the 58th anniversary of the Korean war , calling it "  a war of aggression started by the U.S. imperialists in an attempt to occupy the whole of Korea . " CNN 's Chief International Correspondent Christiane Amanpour contributed to this story from Pyongyang .	North Korea destroys a highly visible tower at a nuclear facility U.S. President Bush welcomes decision , warns North Korea still has work to do Bush says he 'll remove North Korea from list of state sponsors of terrorism
CNN  -- Edward Snowden is n't yet allowed to step outside the Moscow airport where he 's been holed up for weeks , despite reports to the contrary , his Russian lawyer , Anatoly Kucherena , said Wednesday . Russian media had reported Wednesday that the U.S. intelligence leaker was issued a document that would allow him to wait elsewhere in Russia while his request for temporary asylum was considered . But Kucherena , after meeting with Snowden in Sheremetyevo International Airport 's transit area Wednesday , told reporters that Snowden had n't received the certificate and that he would remain in the transit area for now . That certificate still could come at "  any time , " Kucherena told CNN . Interactive : Snowden 's options The news is the latest development in Snowden 's search for a place to settle after the United States charged him with espionage . The former National Security Agency contractor , who admitted last month to revealing sweeping U.S. electronic surveillance programs to the news media , left Hong Kong for Moscow on June 23 . Since then , he 's been unable to leave the airport 's transit area because the United States revoked his passport . White House spokesman Jay Carney said Wednesday the U.S. government is seeking "  clarity " about Snowden 's status . And a spokeswoman for Secretary of State John Kerry said Washington would find it "  disappointing " if Snowden were allowed to leave the airport . Kerry spoke with his Russian counterpart , Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov , on Wednesday morning , spokeswoman Jen Psaki said . "  He reiterated our belief , which we stated publicly and privately , that Mr. Snowden needs to be returned to the U.S. , where he will face a fair trial , " Psaki said . CNN exclusive : George W. Bush on Snowden Snowden applied for temporary asylum in Russia on July 16 . If granted , he would be able to live in Russia , and even travel abroad , for at least a year , Kucherena said last week . A ruling on the application could take months . But Kucherena has said that the Russian government could issue him a certificate that would allow him to leave the airport and wait somewhere else in the country while the application is considered . On Wednesday , Kucherena said that he is in daily contact with Russian authorities about securing Snowden permission to leave the airport , state-run media outlet RIA Novosti reported . If Snowden is granted temporary asylum in Russia , it 's unclear whether he 'd try to move elsewhere . He 's previously indicated that he eventually wanted refuge in Latin America . But Kucherena suggested last week that Snowden might take his time in Russia . "  As far as I know , he 's planning to stay in Russia to learn Russian culture , Russian language and  to  live here , " Kucherena told CNN last week . Washington has no extradition agreement with Russia , and FBI agents who work at the U.S. Embassy there have no authority to make arrests . Russian President Vladimir Putin said this month that Snowden would need to "  stop his work aimed at harming our American partners " if he wanted to stay in the country . In a subsequent meeting with human rights activists and lawyers at the airport on July 12 , Snowden reportedly said he wanted temporary asylum in Russia while awaiting safe transit to Latin America , and added that he would not harm the United States in the future . Official : Snowden did n't access ` crown jewels ' of NSA intel The presidents of Venezuela and Bolivia have said their countries would give Snowden asylum , and Nicaragua 's president said he would offer it "  if circumstances permit . " But he would need the legal ability to travel there -- something that temporary asylum in Russia could give him . The U.S. government has asked Russia to expel Snowden . Absent that , it will watch carefully the route he takes if he tries to reach one of the Latin American countries willing to take him in . The United States could grab Snowden if any plane carrying him were to refuel in a country that respects U.S. arrest warrants . But he probably will be careful to avoid that scenario . Nevertheless , the United States has sent provisional arrest warrants to a number of countries where Snowden could either transit or seek asylum , a U.S. official said last week . CNN 's Phil Black , Alla Eshchenko , Jason Hanna and Carol Cratty contributed to this report .	NEW : Kerry presses Russia on Snowden His lawyer says Snowden has n't received papers to leave Moscow 's airport Snowden 's U.S. passport has been revoked ; he 's been at the airport since June 23 He 's charged with espionage in the United States after admitting he leaked data
New Delhi  CNN  -- National elections in the world 's largest democracy are always a mind-boggling spectacle . The Election Commission of India estimates some 788 million people are eligible to vote in 2014 -- an electorate that 's more than double the population of the United States . How the country conducts this mammoth exercise every five years never ceases to amaze observers . What makes 2014 even more significant is the likelihood of an epic battle between the ruling Indian National Congress and its allies versus the Bharatiya Janata Party  BJP  with the controversial Hindu nationalist Narendra Modi at its helm . The Indian National Congress has been in power for the past decade under the leadership of the Italy-born Sonia Gandhi and her son Rahul , heir to the Nehru-Gandhi dynasty . In an era of coalition politics , the rise of regional leaders and local political parties is also crucial . While it 's difficult to predict winners when there are numerous unknowns , here are five factors bound to influence Indian voters in 2014 . 1  Corruption It 's so ingrained in almost every aspect of daily life that most Indians have long tolerated and gotten used to small-scale corruption . However , after a series of multimillion - and even billion-dollar scams , brought to light by an unrelenting media , the fight against corruption has reached a tipping point in India . In New Delhi 's recent state assembly polls , the stellar performance by a brand new political party founded on an anti-corruption platform was unprecedented . Both houses of the Indian parliament subsequently passed landmark legislation in December to create an anti-corruption ombudsman with the power to investigate graft at the highest levels . How it will be implemented is yet to be determined , but without a doubt , the prevailing anti-corruption sentiment will continue to have major ripples in 2014 . 2  Youth Much is said of India 's untapped and vast youth potential . In 2014 , first-time voters will account for almost one-third of the electorate . These young adults grew up in an India reveling in near double-digit growth rates . A recent economic downturn is shaking things up politically , although the influence this will have on youth voters remains unclear . What moves Indian youth to act is unpredictable , as manifested in the stunning outpouring of support for the victim of a vicious gang rape in New Delhi in 2012 . But increasingly , young people appear to be shedding their indifference to politics , and this crucial voting block can not be ignored in 2014 . 3  Religious violence In September , India had the worst case of religious violence since the Gujarat riots in 2002 . More than 60 people , mostly Muslims , were killed and tens of thousands displaced along religious lines in Muzaffarnagar , a district about 130 kilometers north of New Delhi . In a country founded on the principles of secularism , there 's growing fear over what the re-emergence of religious tensions could mean for the country 's politics . With the rising popularity of the opposition 's candidate for prime minister , the Hindu hardliner Narendra Modi , there are concerns he 'll adopt a polarizing strategy to win votes . Analysts say political tensions could also mount as political groups opposed to Modi try to paint him as a radical . The long-running election strategy of dividing communities for political gain could be an ongoing political tactic in 2014 . 4  Inflation India 's economic slide may have bottomed out and growth is conservatively expected to rise to around 6 % in 2014 , but the common man continues to be deeply affected by inflation . For most of 2013 , consumer inflation hovered around 10 % . The outcome of the recent state elections in which the ruling party suffered a massive blow was partly on account of rising prices . The chief of India 's central bank has made taming inflation his top priority , but the impact of recent monetary tightening measures may not be felt in the short term . Inflation , then , could remain a critical factor in the national elections . 5  Rise of states and regional parties India 's economy slowed in 2013 , but one of the main reasons the economy has n't come to a standstill is that growth in several of India 's 28 states continues to rise at unprecedented levels . In the once impoverished state of Bihar , for instance , the economy grew at 14 % in 2012-13 , in Madhya Pradesh 10 % and Odisha 9.14 % . These states were never India 's engines for growth . Economic power translates to political clout , and as the central government is becoming weaker , the states are becoming stronger . This shift is so substantial , states and regional parties can now dictate national and international policies . How these regional parties fare and which coalitions they choose to join will have a massive influence on the national elections .	India 's election takes place with some 788 million eligible voters CNN 's Sumnima Udas in Delhi lists five factors to influence the upcoming elections Showdown looming between ruling Indian National Congress and Bharatiya Janata Party
CNN  -- In an emotional open letter to the person responsible for her daughter 's disappearance , the mother of missing Indiana University student Lauren Spierer pledges to never give up searching for answers . "  If you think for a minute her father and I are going to disappear , think again , " Charlene Spierer writes in the letter , written on the three-month anniversary of Lauren Spierer 's disappearance and released Saturday on the family 's "  Find Lauren " web site . "  We are just as determined today as we were day one . You should know that Lauren is precious to us . ... We are in this for the long haul . Do you think we are going to walk away without finding out the answers ? Do you think we are going to rest until we find Lauren ? We will not . You have no idea who you have taken from us . We will never give up . " Lauren Spierer , a 20-year-old sophomore , was last seen early June 3 after leaving a Bloomington , Indiana , sports bar with a male student . Surveillance camera footage from an alley between the two students ' apartment buildings showed them walking toward the male student 's building about 3 a.m. Spierer 's keys were later found in the alley , but she has not been seen since . One of the male student 's neighbors reported seeing Spierer leave about 4:30 a.m. , but police have said they found no sign of her after the 3 a.m. sighting on any of the surveillance video from the area between the two buildings . Police have not named any suspects . . In her letter , Charlene Spierer details the heartache her family has experienced since the disappearance . "  Much has happened over the past three months , " she wrote . "  I wo n't bore you with the details , if you 've even gotten this far in reading this letter . I will say we have had the support and guidance of a multitude of people which has helped keep us going . For that generosity , we will be forever grateful . " She recalls being asked by a young relative , at a birthday celebration for her other daughter , Rebecca , whether the family would celebrate Lauren Spierer 's birthday even if she was not there . "  I did n't really know what to say , " she writes . "  Now I do . Of course we will celebrate Lauren 's birthday . " She writes that as students returned to Indiana University for the fall semester , her family was packing her daughter 's possessions and shipping them home . "  Nineteen boxes , " she said . "  Can you imagine that so much promise would fit into 19 boxes ? I wo n't go into the details of what it was like to pack Lauren 's things . I will just tell you it was excruciating . Every moment was excruciating . " Charlene Spierer writes that she and her daughter share many things . "  Today I can add to that list , " she says -- the day that marks three months since the disappearance is also Charlene Spierer 's birthday . She recalls feeling "  physically sick " upon learning her daughter was missing , calling hospitals in the hope that a Lauren Spierer or Jane Doe had been admitted . She immediately flew to Bloomington from New York , she writes , and her father drove her to the airport . "  Imagine a grandfather , driving his daughter to the airport on the way to discover what has happened to his granddaughter , " she writes . "  Imagine that . There were few words exchanged . There are no words . " "  You are responsible for Lauren 's disappearance , " she writes . "  You know where she is . You are guilty of a heinous crime . " She closes by asking the person , "  What are you thinking ? I would really like to know . I am waiting to hear from you . " At the end , she attaches a brief note to her daughter : "  Dearest Lauren , we are loving you . Missing you . Always , Mom . " Lauren Spierer was last seen wearing black pants and a white tank top with a white shirt , according to her family 's web site . She is 4 feet 11 inches tall and weighs 95 pounds and has blond hair and blue eyes . Police searched a landfill outside of Bloomington last month in connection with Spierer 's disappearance . Nothing was found , according to CNN affiliate WISH . Attempts to reach the Spierer family Sunday were not immediately successful .	Lauren Spierer was last seen on June 3 Her mother writes a letter to the person responsible for the disappearance "  You are guilty of a heinous crime , " she writes Police have not named any suspects
CNN  -- South American champions Corinthians progressed to the final of the FIFA Club World Cup on Wednesday with a 1-0 win over Egyptian side Al-Ahly in Toyota , Japan . The defeat ended Al-Ahly 's incredible run which had seen the Cairo team win the African Champions League despite domestic competition in Egypt being suspended following the death of more than 70 fans in February 's Port Said stadium tragedy . The only goal of the game arrived on 29 minutes when Peru 's Jose Paolo Guerrero found the back of the net with a header following Douglas ' sublime outside-of-the-boot cross . The win means the Sao Paulo team will play European Champions Chelsea of England or Mexico 's CONCACAF Champions League winners Monterrey in Sunday 's Yokohama final . Corinthians , winners of the Copa Libertadores for the first time in their history earlier this year , were backed by thousands of passionate fans who had made the trip from Brazil . Al-Ahly rarely threatened , with the club now having to make do with a place in Sunday 's third-place playoff . The seven-time African champions finished third in this competition in 2006 . Meanwhile Corinthians hoards of fans will be hoping the club can repeat their 2000 success , when a team inspired by Edilson lifted the trophy on home soil after a penalty shootout win over Brazilian rivals Vasco da Gama -- a team that included the striking talents of Edmundo and Romario . Earlier in the day Japan 's Sanfrecce Hiroshima -- beaten by Al-Ahly in the quarterfinals -- secured fifth place in the competition with a 3-2 win over Ulsan Hyundai of South Korea .	Corinthians beat Al-Ahly 1-0 in FIFA World Club Cup semifinal Victory in Toyota puts the South American champions into Sunday 's final Egypt 's Al-Ahly reached the competition despite domestic competition being suspended Corinthians will play Chelsea or Monterrey in Sunday 's final
A 20-year-old woman in India has alleged that she was gang-raped by a group of men this week after the head of a village ordered them to do so , police in West Bengal said on Thursday . The incident allegedly took place Monday in a tribal village in a very remote part of West Bengal , in India 's northeast , police spokesman Prasanta Chowdhury said . Police have arrested 13 men for questioning in the case , and the alleged victim is undergoing medical treatment in a hospital , Chowdhury said . "  I think this is absolutely inhuman and it is completely outrageous and preposterous to say the least , " said Manish Tewari , India 's information and broadcasting minister . "  In a democratic country based upon the rule of law , no vigilantism can be permitted . West Bengal government must immediately arrest the accused and ensure that they are given the strictest punishment possible . " Other politicians expressed similar outrage , and condemned the incident . "  The entire village should be fined and a case should be filed on every one for raping , provoking the rapists and being involved in such a heinous crime , " said K.C. Tyagi , a leader of India 's regional Janata Dal  United  party . "  Shameful incidents are happening in our country ... Unless law takes strict action and creates a sense of fear in people , such sad incidents will continue to happen , " said Kirti Azad , a leader of India 's main opposition , the Bharatiya Janata Party . "  It is very surprising that in a state governed by a female chief minister , a woman is being raped ; it is very shameful . " Azad was referring to Mamata Banerjee , West Bengal 's chief minister . Violent crimes against women have been in the spotlight in India since a 23-year-old woman was raped and beaten by several men on a bus in December 2012 . The victim later died in a Singapore hospital . The shocking attack provoked outrage across India , leading to calls for improved safety and treatment of women . Since then , the Indian media have intensified their focus on rape cases . Attacks against foreign women have also been reported . The 2012 case also prompted lawmakers to change statutes to fast-track the arrest and questioning of anyone implicated in a rape . India 's light-weight gun for women slammed as ` abhorrent '	"  I think this is absolutely inhuman and completely outrageous ... " India 's Information Minister Police have arrested 13 men , whom they are questioning The alleged rape took place in a remote , tribal region A high-profile deadly gang-rape in 2012 has put sensitized Indian society to sexual violence
CNN  -- Supporters of Pfc. Bradley Manning , accused in the largest leak of classified documents in U.S. history , have adopted the phrase : "  I am Bradley Manning . " But who is Manning ? A whistle-blower ? Or someone who aided the enemy in the midst of war ? Those and other questions go to trial Monday as Manning 's court-martial is scheduled to begin at Maryland 's Fort Meade . Gallery : Key WikiLeaks figures as trial begins In February , Manning , 25 , pleaded guilty to 10 of the 22 charges against him and faces up to two decades in jail . He did not plead guilty to the most serious charge -- that of aiding the United States ' enemies , which carries the potential for a life sentence . During the proceeding , Manning spent more than an hour reading a statement that detailed why and how he sent classified material to WikiLeaks , a group that facilitates the anonymous leaking of secret information through its website . Manning said he passed on information that "  upset " or "  disturbed " him but did n't give WikiLeaks anything he thought would harm the United States if it were made public . "  I believed if the public was aware of the data , it would start a public debate of the wars , " he told the court . The U.S. military first detained Manning in May 2010 for leaking U.S. combat video -- including a U.S. helicopter gunship attack posted on WikiLeaks -- and classified State Department cables . Manning was turned in by Adrian Lamo , a former hacker , whom Manning allegedly told about leaking the classified records . In his statement to the court , Manning said he initially contacted The Washington Post and The New York Times to provide information . He said he either was n't taken seriously or got voice mail , so he gave the material to WikiLeaks . WikiLeaks has never confirmed that Manning was the source of its information . On Saturday , Manning 's supporters rallied outside Fort Meade . "  People came from great distances to stand with a true American hero , " said Jeff Paterson , director of the Bradley Manning Support Network . "  From Bradley 's demeanor in court , it 's clear he takes strength from the outpouring of support . " Manning was formally charged in February 2012 . On the eve of the court-martial , his lawyer , David Coombs , issued a rare public statement through his website . He thanked those who raised money and awareness over the past three years , bringing "  worldwide attention to this important case . " 2012 : Prosecutors say Manning did n't report any mistreatment to them CNN 's Carol Cratty , Larry Shaughnessy and Mark Morgenstein contributed to this report .	Pfc. Bradley Manning is accused in the largest leak of classified documents in U.S. history In February , he pleaded guilty to 10 of the 22 charges against him He did not plead guilty to the most serious charge -- that of aiding the United States ' enemies Manning 's supporters rallied at Maryland 's Fort Meade on Saturday
CNN  -- Whenever a hugely popular and successful company goes public , many people wonder what will happen to all the newly created millionaires . What will they do now that they are financially "  set for life " ? Will there be "  1,000 millionaires " ? Will they suffer "  sudden wealth syndrome " ? As Facebook begins the public portion of its initial public offering process , curiosity has reached a fever pitch . In truth , it 's a bit ridiculous to speculate on the fortunes of Facebook employees . They are just like any other group of employees -- wildly diverse in their actions , thoughts , interests , desires , obligations and behaviors . In other words , they will behave like individuals . Sure , there will be luxury purchases . Some will buy stunning homes and others will buy fancy cars . There will be those who squirrel the money away for later use or invest in long-term projects . If history is any guide -- just think of Microsoft -- there will be those who start charitable foundations or give directly to existing nonprofits , educational institutions or organizations tied to a variety of causes . Some will ultimately choose the time-honored Silicon Valley tradition of using the spoils from one successful start-up to fund a fleet of new ones . But what makes Silicon Valley different from other places -- particularly Wall Street -- is that those who are made rich by their jobs tend to be , on average , circumspect about displaying their wealth . Yes , some of the towns around Palo Alto have street after street of enormous homes with beautiful lawns . And the area has Ferrari , Maserati , McClaren , Porsche and plenty of other high-end car dealerships . But the wise employees , following the lead of many who have trod this path before , will leave those expensive toys in the garage during the work week rather than flash the cash like the young bucks personified by Bud Fox in "  Wall Street . " Everyone who lives out here knows someone who has made it big , and many more equally talented entrepreneurs who have n't hit the golden IPO jackpot . Everyone old enough also remembers those who made it big in the first Internet wave and then lost it big just as quickly , when the market moved on or golden future promises turned into leaden current realities . Knowing that monetary success can be fleeting and watching the mistakes of those in the past who failed to take heed will likely have an impact on the spending patterns of even the youngest Facebook employee . Of course , they will celebrate , and maybe splurge . And they deserve to . They 've worked hard to make Facebook one of the world 's most high-profile companies . Investment advisers and charitable organizations will likely have as much reason to celebrate , as will the local real estate agents and fractional jet services , late this year after the IPO and the expiration of the share lockup period .  The money may not actually be available until late 2012 or even early 2013 depending on the timing of the actual IPO and other specific terms of the transaction . Each Facebook employee will make his or her own decision about what to do next . Those in a great hurry to move on to other pursuits have probably already left . Most employees will stay put . Facebook headquarters probably wo n't look all that different after the IPO deal than before . Those pre-IPO options and shares are only the key to "  set for life " as long as the company continues to perform well . After some well-deserved period of celebration late this year when Facebook actually goes public , it will be time to get back to work . After all , in some garage somewhere , a clever kid is already coding the foundation for the next "  biggest IPO ever . " Follow CNN Opinion on Twitter Join the conversation on Facebook The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Lise Buyer .	Facebook filed for IPO on Wednesday , which would make some people in the company rich Lise Buyer : Why speculate on plans of Facebook employees ? They 're like any other employees Buyer : People in Silicon Valley tend to be circumspect about displaying their wealth She says Facebook employees will probably keep working hard because of the competition
CNN  -- An Arizona prison escapee and his alleged accomplice appeared in court Friday afternoon after a tip from an observant forest service staffer led to the pair 's arrests , ending a three-week manhunt . An Apache County judge read a lengthy list of felony charges to a quiet John McCluskey , 45 , who was wearing an orange-and-white striped jail uniform and was flanked by sheriff 's deputies . He faces three counts of kidnapping , two counts of escape in the second degree , two counts of armed robbery , two counts of aggravated assault with a dangerous/deadly weapon and two counts of misconduct involving weapons . McCluskey 's brief , initial court appearance was immediately followed by one for Casslyn Mae Welch , 44 , who faces similar but fewer charges . Welch sat before the judge in a bright green uniform , barely audible in the virtually empty courtroom . Bail was set at $ 1 million for each , and the next set of hearings was scheduled for August 27 . McCluskey and Welch were arrested late Thursday at a campground on the edge of Apache and Sitgreaves National Forests in Springerville , Arizona , U.S. Marshal David Gonzales said Friday . They have been linked to a supremacist group , Gonzales said . Welch , who allegedly helped McCluskey escape , had agreed to be a police informant but failed to stick to her agreement , Gonzales said . A forest service employee noticed an unattended fire at a campsite and spotted a suspicious car backed into some trees , authorities said . The U.S. Forest Service is not identifying the employee , said Apache County Sheriff 's Deputy Brannon Eager . A license plate check determined it matched the description of one recently stolen in New Mexico , near where a couple was murdered . McCluskey and Welch are suspected in the killings of the couple , whose bodies were found in their burned camper this month , according to authorities . A SWAT team from the Apache County Sheriff 's Department was called to the campground site , where they arrested McCluskey and Welch , Gonzales said . "  Once they felt they had the opportunity , they rushed in very quickly ... so they could n't get to their weapons , " Gonzales said . Authorities said Welch attempted to pull out a gun tucked in the small of her back , but SWAT members were able to stop her before the weapon was fired . McCluskey was lying down outside a dome tent and said later he should have fired at the deputies and the park ranger , Gonzales said . "  We were convinced that this would go down in a bloody shootout , " Gonzales said of how law enforcement officials had anticipated the apprehension of the couple would take place . Apache County Sheriff Joe Dedman called the forest service staffer a "  true hero . " "  He was out there doing his job , " Dedman said at morning news conference . McCluskey , 45 , was serving a 15-year sentence for attempted second-degree murder and other charges when he and fellow convicts Tracy Province and Daniel Renwick broke out of the prison July 30 , allegedly with Welch 's help . Province and Renwick are already in custody . Welch , who was on the visitation list for one of the inmates , threw cutting tools over a prison fence to help the men escape , corrections officials said earlier this month . The hunt for McCluskey and Welch ranged from the Southwest to western Montana , and along the border with Canada , marshals said . Renwick , 36 , was captured August 1 in a shootout with police in Rifle , Colorado . He was serving 22 years for second-degree murder when he escaped . Province , 42 , was caught August 9 in Meeteetse , Wyoming , near Yellowstone National Park after authorities were notified by a local resident who sat and talked with Province a day earlier on the steps of a church in town . He was serving a life sentence for murder and armed robbery . Renwick remains in the Garfield County , Colorado , jail on charges of attempted first-degree murder and eluding police , the U.S. Marshals Service said Sunday . Authorities are working to coordinate the transport of Province back to Arizona from Wyoming -- expected to occur within the next month , the marshals service said . Last week , a warden and a security official resigned their posts at the Arizona state prison where the three inmates escaped , a spokesman for the private company that runs the facility said Sunday . CNN 's Ninette Sosa and Melanie Whitley contributed to this report .	Judge sets bail at $ 1 million for each Authorities said the pair had links to white supremacists The suspects were arrested at an Arizona campground McCluskey and Welch had been on the run since the end of July
Eight days after the invasion of Iraq on March 19 2003 , Paul Wolfowitz , then deputy defence secretary and a leading proponent of the war , told a Congressional committee : "  We are dealing with a country that can really finance its own reconstruction , and relatively soon . " A decade later , that assessment could hardly have turned out to be more wrong . The US has overwhelmingly borne the brunt of both the military and reconstruction costs , spending at least $ 138bn on private security , logistics and reconstruction contractors , who have supplied everything from diplomatic security to power plants and toilet paper . An analysis by the Financial Times reveals the extent to which both American and foreign companies have profited from the conflict -- with the top 10 contractors securing business worth at least $ 72bn between them . None has benefited more than KBR , once known as Kellogg Brown and Root . The controversial former subsidiary of Halliburton , which was once run by Dick Cheney , vice-president to George W. Bush , was awarded at least $ 39.5 bn in federal contracts related to the Iraq war over the past decade . Two Kuwaiti companies -- Agility Logistics and the state-owned Kuwait Petroleum Corporation -- are the second and third-biggest winners , securing contracts worth $ 7.2 bn and $ 6.3 bn respectively . The US hired more private companies in Iraq than in any previous war , and at times there were more contractors than military personnel on the ground . "  These numbers are staggering , " said Claire McCaskill , the Democratic senator who has led the charge to tighten contracting controls . "  In the last decade , we 've seen billions in taxpayer money spent on services and projects that did little -- sometimes nothing -- to further our military mission , " she said . But companies on the top 10 list defended their record . KBR "  performed with honour and sacrifice in a hostile , complex , ambiguous and unpredictable environment " , said Marianne Gooch , a company spokeswoman . She noted that KBR had prepared and served more than 1bn meals and produced more than 25bn gallons of drinkable water and 265 tons of ice . Patrick Dorton , a spokesman for the International Oil Trading Co , a Florida-based company that secured contracts worth $ 2.1 bn to transport fuel from Jordan to US forces in Iraq , said : "  We are proud to have effectively supplied jet and convoy fuel in a war zone to the US military . " The business environment for these contractors may be changing , with the war in Iraq over and the conflict in Afghanistan winding down , but these private companies remain . There are still 14,000 contractors , including 5,500 security guards , in Iraq even though the last troops left in December 2011 . "  Contractors are here to stay as real players , " says Stuart Bowen , the special inspector general of Iraq reconstruction . "  The opportunities in this field are shaped by the unpredictable rhythm of when a fragile state will fail . " The FT 's list of the top earners over the past decade is based on all federal government contracts awarded for performance in Iraq and neighbouring Kuwait since the invasion was planned . Compiling such a list is tricky because some contractors operate under a variety of names to avoid scrutiny . That makes these figures conservative . The list includes companies working in supplying support services , security , reconstruction and the oil industry . "  This is not my grandfather 's military industrial complex , " said Dan Goure , vice-president of the Lexington Institute , a national security think-tank partly funded by defence contractors . "  There 's not a single munitions producer in this list . " Instead , the US had created a fifth branch of the military , he said . "  It 's called the private sector . " The extensive use of contractors in both Iraq and in Afghanistan has been steeped in controversy . A 2011 report from the commission on Wartime Contracting in Iraq and Afghanistan estimated that defence contractors had wasted or lost to fraud as much as $ 60bn -- or $ 12m a day -- since 2001 . Private contractors have been involved in some of the most shocking events of the Iraq conflict -- from the Nisour Square shootings in 2007 in which Blackwater security guards killed 17 Iraqis , to the Abu Ghraib prison scandal . While the era of easy money may have ended for these contractors , that does not mean the boom times are over . In 2011 , the state department estimated that it would pay $ 3bn over the next five years on its private security contracts to protect its massive embassy complex in Baghdad alone . Meanwhile , contractors are winning new business as oil companies ramp up their operations , especially around areas such as Basra in the south . "  It 's not like these companies have shut up shop and are going home , " says Stephanie Sanok of the Center for Strategic and International Studies . "  We are still sinking a lot of money into this and we are still trying to get our oil dividend . " That means that companies that branch out into other areas could have an even better decade ahead . Given the controversies that have surrounded the use of contractors in Iraq , many analysts say that there is little evidence that the defence department has learnt about how to best use them . "  While DOD is much better at using contractors than they were 10 years ago , they are still not sufficiently prepared to use contractors in future large-scale military operations , " says Moshe Schwartz , an analyst at the Congressional Research Service . After a six-year wrangle , the Senate in December passed the National Defense Authorization Act , a sweeping overhaul of wartime contracting aimed at improving oversight and cracking down on waste and fraud . It was pioneered by Ms McCaskill , who says she has "  spent years shining a light on the massive waste , fraud and abuse in military contracting " . Mr Bowen and the Commission on Wartime Contracting have also made specific recommendations for improvements . But a Government Accountability Office report last year found that the Pentagon had taken or planned actions based on only half the CWC recommendations , while the state department and USAID had acted on only one-third of the recommendations relating to them . "  The reality is that the US is not well structured to carry out stabilisation and reconstruction operations on an integrated , inter-agency basis , " said Mr Bowen , the special inspector-general . "  That is the most serious and continuing problem . We must ensure we do not repeat the errors and weaknesses seen in Iraq . "	U.S. spent at least $ 138 billion on security , logistics and reconstruction since the war The controversial former subsidiary of Halliburton , KBR , earned the most Two Kuwaiti companies -- Agility Logistics and Kuwait Petroleum Corporation -- also big earners
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Suspected terrorists and foreign fighters held by the U.S. military at Guantanamo Bay , Cuba , have the right to challenge their detention in federal court , the Supreme Court ruled Thursday . A prefabricated court complex has been erected at Guantanamo Bay , Cuba , to try terrorism suspects . The decision marks another legal blow to the Bush administration 's war on terrorism policies . The 5-4 vote reflects the divide over how much legal autonomy the U.S. military should have to prosecute about 270 prisoners , some of whom have been held for more than six years without charges . Fourteen of them are alleged to be top al Qaeda figures . Writing for the majority , Justice Anthony Kennedy said , "  the laws and Constitution are designed to survive , and remain in force , in extraordinary times . Liberty and security can be reconciled ; and in our system reconciled within the framework of the law . " Kennedy , the court 's swing vote , was supported by Justices John Paul Stevens , David Souter , Ruth Bader Ginsburg and Stephen Breyer , generally considered the liberal contingent . At issue was the rights of detainees to contest their imprisonment and challenge the rules set up to try them . Watch how the 5-4 ruling is a major blow for the Bush administration " A congressional law passed in 2006 would limit court jurisdiction to hear so-called habeas corpus challenges to detention . It is a legal question the justices have tackled three times since 2004 , including Thursday 's ruling . Each time , the justices have ruled against the government 's claim that it has the authority to hold people it considers "  enemy combatants . " Preliminary hearings have begun in Guantanamo for some of the accused . A military panel this month arraigned five suspected senior al Qaeda detainees , including the alleged mastermind of the September 11 attacks , Khalid Sheikh Mohammed , who was transferred to the prison camp in 2006 . The Bush administration has urged the high court not to get involved in the broader appeals , saying the federal judiciary has no authority to hear such matters . Four justices agreed . In a sharp dissent , read in part from the bench , Justice Antonin Scalia said the majority "  warps our Constitution . " The "  nation will live to regret what the court has done today , " Scalia said . He was supported by Chief Justice John Roberts and Justices Clarence Thomas and Samuel Alito . President Bush , who is traveling in Europe , said he disagreed with the Guantanamo ruling but promised to abide by it . "  Congress and the administration worked very carefully on a piece of legislation that set the appropriate procedures in place as to how to deal with the detainees , " he said . "  We 'll study this opinion , and we 'll do so with this in mind to determine whether or not additional legislation might be appropriate so that we can safely say , truly say to the American people , ` we are doing everything we can to protect you . ' " The Pentagon declined to comment , and the Justice Department said it was reviewing the decision and was expected to comment later Thursday . House Speaker Nancy Pelosi , D-California , welcomed the ruling , saying the Supreme Court upheld the Constitution . "  I have long been an advocate of closing Guantanamo , so I would hope this is in furtherance of taking that action , " Pelosi said . The appeals involve noncitizens . Sixteen lawsuits filed on behalf of about 200 prisoners were put on hold pending a ruling last year by a federal appeals court upholding the government 's right to detain and prosecute suspected terrorists and war criminals . An attorney for one of the detainees , Salim Ahmed Hamdan -- Osama bin Laden 's alleged driver and bodyguard -- said he would file an appeal asking that charges be dropped against the Yemeni native . "  The clearest immediate impact of this ruling is to remove the remaining barriers for closing Guantanamo Bay . It means , in legal terms , Guantanamo Bay is no different than Kansas , " attorney Charles Swift said . Now the ruling has been issued , a flood of similar appeals can be expected . The lead plaintiffs are Lakhdar Boumediene , a Bosnian , and Fawzi al-Odah of Kuwait . They question the constitutionality of the Military Commissions Act , passed by Congress in October 2006 . The law addresses how suspected foreign terrorists and fighters can be tried and sentenced under U.S. military law . Under the system , those facing trial would have a limited right to appeal any conviction , reducing the jurisdiction of federal courts . The suspects also must prove to a three-person panel of military officers they are not a terror risk . But defendants would have access to evidence normally given to a jury , and CIA agents were given more guidance in how far they can go in interrogating prisoners . The law was a direct response to a June 2006 Supreme Court ruling striking down the Bush administration 's plan to try detainees before military commissions . In 2004 , the justices also affirmed the right of prisoners to challenge their detention in federal court . Congress and the administration have sought to restrict such access . The Justice Department wanted the high court to pass on these appeals , at least until the first wave of tribunals had a chance to work . Administration officials also argued the prisoners have plenty of legal safeguards . The White House has said it is considering whether to close the Guantanamo prison , suggesting some high-level al Qaeda detainees could be transferred to the federal prison in Leavenworth , Kansas , and to a military brig in North Charleston , South Carolina . Most of the dozens of pending cases have been handled in the U.S. Court of Appeals in Washington , which in February 2007 upheld the Military Commissions Act 's provision stripping courts of jurisdiction to hear "  habeas " challenges to the prisoners ' confinement . But a three-judge panel of the same circuit expressed concern about why the U.S. military continues to limit attorney access to the Guantanamo men . The detainees ' legal team alleges the government is unfairly restricting access to potentially exculpatory evidence , including documents they may not know exist before pretrial hearings . Legal and terrorism analysts said the issues presented in these latest sets of appeals are unlike those the justices have delved into previously . "  The difference in this case is that they have a congressional enactment cutting back on habeas corpus that they have to wrestle with , " said Edward Lazarus , a leading appellate attorney and author of a book on the high court , "  Closed Chambers : The Rise , Fall , and Future of the Modern Supreme Court . " "  And that , from a constitutional point of view , is really a different question . " In a separate decision , the court refused to intervene in the case of two American citizens convicted in Iraqi courts but held by the U.S. military . The high court rejected lawyers ' arguments that Mohammad Munaf and Shawqi Ahmad Omar should be released , saying that U.S. courts are not allowed to intervene in foreign courts .	NEW : President Bush says he disagrees with ruling but he 'll abide by it NEW : Court says separately it wo n't rule on case of U.S. citizens convicted in Iraq Justice Scalia : U.S. "  will live to regret what the court has done today " Justice Kennedy : Constitution should "  remain in force , in extraordinary times "
Washington  CNN  -- In the days before the Senate voted to end a filibuster and take up gun control this week , President Barack Obama crisscrossed the nation , flying from Colorado to Connecticut in an effort to energize public opinion and pressure reluctant lawmakers . Vice President Joe Biden also made an emotional plea at the White House . And even the first lady brought an audience to tears at a high school in Chicago where gun violence has been felt most painfully . But , as a bipartisan group of senators reached agreement on what some have called a watered-down proposal for expanded background checks for gun purchases , the question remains whether all that lobbying really made a difference . "  It has helped , but it 's sort of a two-part story , " said Robert Spitzer , author of "  Politics of Gun Control " and chairman of the State University of New York-Cortland 's political science department . "  Part one is the president using the bully pulpit to make news events and congratulate those states where they 've enacted tougher laws . There 's a certain downside that anything that Obama is for is anything his opponents are against , " Spitzer said . As the president spent considerable political capital over the past few days to champion gun reform , opponents have raised the stakes by vocally speaking out against such policies and making it clear there will be a reckoning come Election Day for any lawmaker who supports them . Take the president 's fiery comments on Monday in Hartford . It was a message crafted as much for lawmakers as it was for the families of students and educators killed in December 's school massacre in Newtown , which is not far from where Obama spoke . The families sat behind him on stage and traveled to Washington with him on Air Force One to lobby Congress on gun control . "  This is not about politics , " the president said to applause . "  This is not about politics . " "  This is about these families and families all across the country who are saying let 's make it a little harder for our kids to get gunned down . " But it is , at least in part , about politics . Why we 're still debating guns Sen. Joe Manchin , the conservative West Virginia Democrat and avid gun supporter who helped lead a bipartisan compromise agreement with fellow senator Pat Toomey , R-Pennsylvania , over background checks , was visibly moved after meeting with Sandy Hook families . "  I can do something , " an emotional Manchin told parents who lost children in the attack . But when the pair announced their compromise to expand federal background checks to gun shows and Internet sales , the executive director of the Gun Owners of America , Larry Pratt , tweeted the sentiment of many in his organization . "  May Sen. Toomey experience in 2016 the same as he did to Sen. Specter in 2010 . " In 2010 , Toomey was the more conservative challenger to the late Sen. Arlen Specter in Pennsylvania 's Republican senatorial primary . Specter , who beat Toomey in a similar , contentious GOP primary in 2004 , later switched parties and lost in the Democratic primary to Rep. Joe Sestack , who then lost to Toomey in the general election . "  It means that he ought to be held politically accountable and the way to do it is in the primaries , " Pratt told CNN 's Wolf Blitzer in a heated exchange , indicating his organization would support a primary challenge to Toomey when he is up for reelection in 2016 . The timing of Obama 's speech in Hartford preceded the Senate 's vote clearing the way for consideration of a Democrat-backed gun control package . The House of Representatives has not yet decided when or if it will take up a similar bill . And the timing of first lady Michelle Obama 's emotional homecoming to Chicago , speaking Wednesday at a luncheon fundraiser for a new initiative seeking to curb youth violence , was not by accident , either . She recalled the shooting death of Hadiya Pendleton , a 15-year-old who was killed a week after performing in Washington during the Inauguration in January . Saying Pendleton "  was me , and I was her , " Mrs. Obama reflected on the opportunities that led her to the White House instead of a similar fate . Obama was in Colorado last week , just miles from the scene of last July 's movie theater shooting that left 12 people dead , to push for expanded background checks . "  I 've come here to Denver today because Colorado , in particular , is proving a model for what 's possible , " Obama told the audience . Colorado Gov. John Hickenlooper recently signed measures into law that will require universal background checks for gun sales , restrict the size of ammunition magazines and make buyers pay for their own background checks . Before the Colorado gun-control vote , Biden , who heads the Obama administration 's efforts on the issue , called several state lawmakers to underscore the broader national importance of the heated gun control policy debate . But those efforts may have backfired , galvanizing pro-gun advocates instead . Colorado gun groups have vowed to help defeat lawmakers in tough districts who supported passing the gun control package . "  I do n't want to go their cocktail parties . I do n't want to make friends . I just do n't want them to stop Americans of their rights including me and my kids , " said Dudley Brown , executive director of Rocky Mountain Gun Owners . His group , as well as pro-gun rights groups and publications , such as Concealed Carry magazine , have stepped up gun giveaways in states like Colorado , New York and Arizona , where tough gun control laws have passed or are pending . The National Rifle Association , the nation 's largest and most powerful gun lobby group , said Wednesday that expanding background checks at gun shows "  will not prevent the next shooting , will not solve violent crime and will not keep our kids safe in schools . " The group 's leaders have also been deeply critical of Obama 's efforts . "  President Obama should be as committed to dealing with the gang problem that is tormenting honest people in his hometown as he is to blaming law-abiding gun owners for the acts of psychopathic murderers , " the NRA said in a statement . Obama has often said that the fight for new gun control is personal . He wiped away tears when reflecting on the Newtown shooting spree . And the president was animated in talking about what he sees as national support for stricter gun control policies . However , gun control advocates have worried and polls have shown that in the months following the Newtown shooting , support for stricter gun laws has waned . In that , Obama 's fierce push to keep the issue up front has been extremely valuable to those seeking stricter gun laws , Spitzer said . "  It 's an imperative that the president be out front on this issue , " Spitzer said . "  Obama 's ability to keep this in the minds of the public paves the way a little more for legislative reforms . " CNN 's Ashley Killough , Kevin Liptak , Matt Smith , Jake Tapper , Sherisse Pham and Jessica Yellin contributed to this report .	President Obama flew from Colorado to Connecticut pushing gun control agenda Question centers on whether lobbying has made any difference as Senate takes up bill Opponents up pressure on lawmakers to vote against any gun control legislation Obama has often said gun control fight is personal
CNN  -- Under the California sun in a place known as Muscle Beach , where bronzed bodybuilders pump their cannon-size biceps , an energetic brunette works her arms -- and the weight purrs its approval . Tara Brown practices yoga with Lucky Cat in Venice Beach , California . Tara Brown of Venice Beach , California , noticed that her white , spotted cat , Lucky Cat , would scurry between her feet whenever she pumped barbells . "  Every time I do exercises , stretching , yoga , she was all over me , " Brown said . Rather than pushing her away , Brown got inspired . Her mother often exercised with her cats and had given her a 1997 how-to book called "  Catflexing . " "  I like to use light weights anyway for the bicep curls and twists , so I use my cat , " Brown said . "  Lucky Cat seems to want to hang out with me when I 'm exercising , so I 'll use her . " Neither she nor Lucky Cat has weight issues , but Brown discovered that exercising together can be a bonding activity . In an age where man and animal have gotten obese , people are finding ways to battle the bulge alongside their cats and dogs . The problem of pudgy pets has spawned fitness programs such as doggie gyms and water therapy classes . And if doga  yoga with dogs  were n't enough , exercise videos are being made to get plump pets and their owners in shape together . Celebrity trainer Gunnar Peterson , who has trained actresses Jennifer Lopez and Cameron Diaz , has workout videos for man and beast . "  I think that people take on a pet , and over time , they ca n't -LSB- put -RSB- as much time into it , " Peterson said . "  What used to be the diligent two to three walks a day becomes one walk a day , plus some extra treats . So you have lack of exercise and overfeeding . It 's what happens with humans . " Sedentary humans have sedentary pets , he said . Dr. Robert Kushner , obesity expert and professor at the Northwestern University Feinberg School of Medicine , agreed . "  Dogs adopt the eating and activity pattern of their owners , " said Kushner , who co-wrote a fitness guide for dogs and humans . "  If an owner sits and watches TV with their feet up , they 're obviously not walking their dog . If they 're snacking all day long , they 'll also feed the dogs those snacks . " Peterson , who keeps four dogs , said people overfeed their pets out of guilt . "  I see people try to make up lack of time and lack of connecting with the pet by giving them extra food or table scraps , " he said . In his Petfit Challenge exercises , Peterson suggests playing tag with the dog , doing abdominal crunches while throwing a toy for the dog to fetch and tossing around a toy for the dog while doing squats . Playing with the dog has health benefits . In a 2006 study published in the journal Obesity , a group of overweight pet owners with obese dogs lost a greater percentage of their body weight over a year than a control group , which did not own dogs . The pet owners lost an average of 5.2 percent of their body weight and their dogs lost 15 percent . Unlike the control group , the pet owners reported that they enjoyed exercising because they bonded with their animals . They also learned to measure the amount of food for the dog instead of freely pouring the food into the bowl . They walked their dogs instead of letting them outside for quick bathroom breaks . The dogs became an exercise coach in a way , said Kushner , the lead author of the study . "  The dog would be crying and begging to go for a walk , " he said . "  They stand by the door with a leash or start nudging up to you , so they prompted the exercise . Those were the attributes that made it more likely to have the owner get up and go exercise . " Exercise options for dogs are plenty -- playing fetch , going for walks , taking them to dog parks and obstacle courses . The Food and Drug Administration even approved the first dog obesity drug , Slentrol , in 2007 . But what can owners do when their cats get chubby ? Obesity in cats as a result of overeating and under-exercising is a real health danger , said Dr. Fred Scott , director of the Feline Health Center at Cornell University . "  It has a significant impact when you 're dealing with 10 - to 15-pound cat , " Scott said . "  Just a couple of pounds is a significant amount of increase . It predisposes the cat to other things . Diabetes is a common problem in cats . " Just like humans , diabetic cats need daily insulin , which can be costly and time-consuming . Owners can exercise with their cats , too . Peterson suggests jumping in place or doing abdominal crunches while using a flashlight to beam a light that the cat will chase . He also suggested tying a toy around dumbbells , so when the owner pumps his or her biceps , the cat will try to catch the trinket . Brown gets Lucky Cat to exercise by using a laser pointer and Silly String . And Lucky Cat helps her exercise . While Brown sits in the lotus position om-ing her way to inner peace , Lucky Cat sits on her lap and intently watches birds flying nearby . When Brown does leg lunges , stomach crunches and abdominal twists , Lucky Cat comes along for the ride . Brown twists side to side to work her abs , with added weight -- her cat perched on her shoulders . Lucky Cat emits an occasional meow and flicks her tail . Their weekly exercises are chronicled on Brown 's blog . "  You 're using the cat as a weight , so you can do biceps , abs and they 're getting attention , " Brown said . "  Obviously if the cat gets cranky , do n't stress them out or anything . They 'll let you know if they 're ticked off . That 's when you need to stop . " Even if the dogs and cats do n't help the owner become fit , their furry companionship has therapeutic benefits for people . Pets have been shown to have a calming effect and soothe people with depression and loneliness .	California woman uses cat instead of barbells for exercises The problem of pudgy pets has spawned fitness programs for man and beast Celebrity trainer gives advice on how humans and their animals can get into shape
Abidjan , Ivory Coast  CNN  -- Former Ivory Coast President Laurent Gbagbo arrived Wednesday at the International Criminal Court in The Hague to stand trial for his role in his country 's post-election violence that killed thousands . "  It is exactly a year since the presidential election that led to one of the worst episodes of violence Cote d'Ivoire has ever known , " said Luis Moreno-Ocampo , the court 's chief prosecutor , using the French name for the country . "  In December last year , we put Mr. Gbagbo and the others on notice . Today , we are following up . " The former president 's initial appearance is scheduled for Monday , the ICC announced . Gbagbo , 66 , was flown out of the northern Ivoirian city of Khorogo , where he had been under house arrest , on an Ivoirian government airplane Tuesday evening , said his adviser , Toussaint Alain . Alain called it an illegal transfer . "  The international court has taken an illegal action . This is a political decision rather than a decision of justice , " Alain said . The action comes a week before parliamentary elections are scheduled to be held in Ivory Coast . Three political parties in an umbrella coalition  CNRD  with Gbagbo 's Front Populaire Ivoirien issued a statement saying they would boycott the elections as a result of Gbagbo 's transfer . Last month , Moreno-Ocampo arrived in Ivory Coast to meet with government and opposition leaders and began an inquiry into the West African nation 's post-election violence . In his application to the judges for authorization to investigate possible war crimes and crimes against humanity , Moreno-Ocampo cited sources who said at least 3,000 people were killed , 72 people disappeared and 520 others were subject to arbitrary arrest and detentions since the November 28 , 2010 , election that resulted in the violence . Gbagbo , the incumbent , refused to cede power even though challenger Alassane Ouattara was internationally recognized as the winner . Months of bloodshed ensued . The political stalemate was settled by Gbagbo 's capture in April by forces loyal to his rival , and he has been detained in the north of Ivory Coast . Gbagbo refused to accept the results of U.N.-certified elections . Human Rights Watch issued a statement saying Gbagbo is "  the first former head of state taken into custody by the ICC . " President Omar al-Bashir of Sudan and the late Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi have also been subject to ICC arrest warrants , but al-Bashir has not come into ICC custody , nor did Gadhafi , who was killed in October during Libya 's revolution , Human Rights Watch said . "  The ICC is playing its part to show that even those at the highest levels of power can not escape justice when implicated in grave crimes , " Elise Keppler , senior international justice counsel at Human Rights Watch , said in a statement . The court charged Gbagbo with four counts of crimes against humanity , "  namely murder , rape and other forms of sexual violence , persecution and other inhuman acts . " "  This is a big day for the victims of  Ivory Coast 's  horrific post-election violence , " Keppler said . "  That Laurent Gbagbo now has to answer to the court sends a strong message to Ivoirian political and military leaders that no one should be above the law . " CNN 's Michael Martinez contributed to this report .	NEW : The former president 's initial court appearance is scheduled for Monday The transfer of Laurent Gbagbo to The Hague is "  illegal , " his aide says A three-party coalition says it will boycott the elections Gbagbo is "  the first former head of state taken into ICC custody , " Human Rights Watch says
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Barion Perry was detained at the crime scene , handcuffed after being suspected of breaking into cars . Without specifically being asked by police to identify the suspect , a neighbor pointed out Perry from a nearby window as the alleged thief . Now , the Supreme Court has found that initial identification was not overly suggestive and did not violate the due process rights of the defendant . The 8-1 ruling Wednesday is a victory for the state and for law enforcement . But Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg warned police and prosecutors in general to be careful about the trustworthiness of eyewitness testimony , when such evidence may be generated and manipulated by police . She said , however , that was not the case here . "  We do not doubt the either the fallibility or the importance of eyewitness evidence generally , or the caution appropriate whenever suggestive circumstances may have influenced an identification , " she wrote for the majority . "  Safeguards built into our adversary system -LSB- of justice -RSB- can serve to inhibit juries from placing undue weight on eyewitness and other testimony of questionable reliability ... Absent improper police conduct , these safeguards , we hold , keep the introduction of eyewitness identification evidence within constitutional bounds . " Justice Sonia Sotomayor was the lone dissenter . The court 's narrow ruling was not likely to open the legal floodgates to a range of new exceptions of evidence jurors would be excluded from hearing at trial , as some states had feared . The Perry appeal also raised larger questions about the unique power of eyewitness identifications to sway jurors , and whether innocent people are unfairly being sent to prison , particularly to death row . The court has not taken a hard look at the issue since 1977 , and the opinion Wednesday only dealt indirectly with the concerns . The unique facts of the Perry case in fact , left a clear rule on the boundaries of using unreliable identification evidence even more elusive and muddled , despite the high court 's current intervention . The message from the high court : A broader rule on the use of all eyewitness testimony is now not necessary , and that judges and juries can make those discretionary decisions , depending on each individual case . Several justices noted during November 's oral arguments Perry 's lawyers presented strong evidence , and that reforms may be necessary . But others on the bench wondered whether such changes are mandated under the Constitution , and if they would apply in other areas of criminal justice where evidence is problematic . The incident happened in August 2008 in Nashua , New Hampshire . A black male was reported at the back of an apartment parking lot in the middle of the night . A city police officer arrived and found Perry carrying two amplifiers , which he claimed he found on the ground . An apartment resident then approached police and said his car was broken into , information relayed by his neighbor . While Perry was detained in the parking lot , that officer went to the apartment to interview the neighbor . When asked to describe the suspect , she said it was a "  tall black man , " but offered no other physical details . When asked by the officer for more information , the neighbor looked back and said "  it was the man that was in the back parking lot standing with the police officer , " according to court records . Later at the police station , the female neighbor was unable to identify Perry from a photo lineup . Perry was then arrested , subsequently convicted of theft , and given a three - to 10-year prison term . He appealed , saying the eyewitness testimony should have been suppressed . Subsequent state courts rejected his claims that due process protections apply even when the suggestive circumstances were not "  intentionally orchestrated by the police . "  Eyewitness identification has been closely scrutinized by a range of legal groups and social scientists -- some 2,000 empirical studies , in fact , over the past three decades , according to one legal brief filed with the high court . It has also become a staple of crime dramas : a witness rises from the stand , points to the defendant and says "  That 's the man who did it , I 'm sure , your Honor . " But not always . A variety of all-too-human factors can distort , manipulate , or mislead a person 's memory , whether spurred by police involvement or not . A new book by law professor Brandon Garrett called "  Convicting the Innocent " found the initial 250 DNA exonerations around the United States came about after 190 of the prisoners were convicted based on mistaken eyewitnesses . The 14th Amendment to the Constitution mandates the government not "  deprive any person of life , liberty , or property , without due process of law . " That has led to a long line of jurisprudence over what areas of the criminal justice system are covered by the broad provision . The conservative high court majority two years ago said inmates could not go to court to demand , under due process , DNA testing to establish their innocence . "  We are reluctant to enlist the federal judiciary in creating new constitutional code of rules for handling DNA , " said Chief Justice John Roberts at the time , suggesting that was best left to legislatures . The eyewitness case is Perry v. New Hampshire  10-8974  .	The justices rule 8-1 on an issue of identification in a criminal case The ruling finds that an initial identification did not violate due process Justice Sonia Sotomayor was the lone dissenter
CNN  -- A young male pulled a handgun Friday afternoon inside a Philadelphia high school gymnasium , firing and hitting two fellow students , police said . The injured boy and girl , each 15 , were transported in stable condition after being shot in the arm just before 3:30 p.m. , Philadelphia police Lt. John Stanford said . The students were among about seven in the Delaware Valley Charter High School gym at that time -- some playing basketball , others in one corner -- according to city police Commissioner Charles Ramsey . "  The suspect is part of that group , " Ramsey said . Both victims appeared to have been struck once inside the gym of Delaware Valley Charter High School , said Stanford . Ramsey said that authorities did n't know yet if they were struck by the same bullet or more than one , noting that no shell was found at the scene . He described their wounds as non-life threatening . The school went into lockdown as law enforcement officers cleared it and hunted for the suspect , who had left the building , according to Stanford . The police lieutenant said students were searched and then let out of the school . He also said surveillance video had captured the incident . A short time later , Philadelphia police tweeted they had a suspect in custody . Officer Jillian Russell , a police spokeswoman , said he was 17 years old . Ramsey later said authorities were able to "  identify him right away , " after which officers were sent to his home . "  We were able to grab him , " the police commissioner said . "  We did not recover the gun , but we do have him in custody and he has been positively identified . " But a few hours later , Stanford said that young man was not the shooter as police initially thought , though he was at the scene . He was "  completely cleared by investigators and released " later that night , the police lieutenant said . By then , Philadelphia police had announced they were "  still looking for additional suspects . " This includes searching for a weapon possibly used in the shooting in trash cans , along the tracks and other spots around the Southeastern Pennsylvania Transportation Authority 's Olney station , SEPTA spokesman Andrew Busch said . While a gun had n't been found by 9 p.m. , Stanford said one of the two young males authorities had been looking for had turned himself in . A third male wanted by police had been expected to do the same but had not turned himself in as of 10:45 p.m. , added the police spokesman . All three youths are Delaware Valley Charter High School students . It is not clear if any of them are , in fact , the shooter . No one had been charged as of Friday night . Asked about what might have prompted the shooting , Ramsey said , "  We do n't know the motives -- do n't know if it was an accident , do n't know if it was intentional . " Located in the Olney section of Philadelphia , Delaware Valley Charter High School is open to any student who lives in the city . In its 2011 annual report to the state Department of Education , the school noted that it moved into its new facility in June 2006 and reported significant growth in reading and math test scores in recent years . Friday 's incident was at least the second shooting at or near a school this week . In New Mexico on Tuesday , a 12-year-old student with a sawed off , 20-gauge pump shotgun opened fire in a crowded gymnasium at Berrendo Middle School , according to authorities . Two students were seriously injured and the shooter was in custody . Ramsey , the Philadelphia police commissioner , acknowledged that such shootings are "  happening across our country all too often , and it 's just got to stop . " "  When  people send their kids to school , they should n't have to pick them up at the hospital , " Ramsey added . "  I mean , these kind of things just absolutely should not happen . " CNN 's Jason Carroll , Poppy Harlow , Cristy Lenz , Haley Draznin , Kevin Conlon and Ray Sanchez contributed to this report .	NEW : Police : Student initially identified as the shooter is "  cleared and released " NEW : One wanted student had n't turned himself in by late Friday as expected Suspect opened fire in a Philadelphia high school gym around 3:30 p.m. One male , one female student were shot in the arm , according to police
Cairo , Egypt  CNN  -- During the summer of 2009 , Egyptians from all walks of life waited in hopeful anticipation for the arrival of newly-elected U.S. President Barack Obama in Cairo . The city spent weeks preparing for the visit . Streets were shut down , buildings lining the route to Cairo University were repainted , and the dome under which Obama was set to give his speech renovated . Egyptians listened to the president 's speech with much hope -- and when it was over , local talk shows spent days analyzing his words . American politics had gone on tour to Egypt , a place that has historically watched American politics very closely . But Obama 's visit in 2009 is yet another reminder of how drastically different the situation in Egypt has become since the January 25th revolution last year . It is hard to tell there was a revolution in many parts of Cairo just months ago . The rubble is cleared from downtown streets after each new battle between police and protesters , the blood washed away quickly . Deposed President Hosni Mubarak 's National Democratic Party building is still standing , but it has been burnt from the inside out . Berlin Wall-style partitions erected by the army block several of the six or so roads leading to Tahrir Square , the heart of the revolution . As the 2012 U.S. presidential race heats up and the primaries get under way , many Egyptians are too busy with their own concerns to follow along . It has been more than a year since the uprising started , and while Cairo has cleaned itself up , the city remains mired in turmoil and confusion over the transitional process to its own democracy . Cairo , like many major cities in the world , has historically observed the U.S. presidential election closely and with a great deal of skepticism . But the public mindset , typically littered with guesswork and conspiracy theories , is now one of indifference . In neighborhoods across Cairo , men and women in smoke-filled cafes tune in to daily political talk shows discussing Egypt 's own crisis and fears for the future -- a new phenomenon in post-Mubarak days -- on televisions blaring so loud that entire neighborhoods can hear them . In the bars and cafes along the crowded , traffic-choked streets of downtown Cairo , people are too busy making the news to watch it unfold on television . At the Greek Club , or inside the historic Cafe Riche , with its warm amber-tinted windows and walls lined with photos of Egypt 's great intellectuals , Cairo 's political activists and academics gather over beers to talk about the great issues of the day . We used to talk a lot more about U.S. politics than we do now . Friends of mine , avid followers of the U.S. political scene who used to be able to name various Congressmen and their policies , just are n't paying as much attention this time around . I believe the U.S. election is incredibly important -- U.S. foreign policy affects much of the world , and the president is the chief diplomat . But Republicans have yet to choose a candidate -- they 've not found that ace , that someone fresh who can challenge Obama , and that 's making it hard for people to pay attention right now . Egyptians watched the 2004 U.S. elections closely because they felt they had a stake in the outcome , especially considering the ongoing wars in Iraq and Afghanistan . In 2008 , Cairo closely watched as America neared the election of the first African-American president , the candidate of hope and change . Egyptians are viewing the 2012 elections with a certain amount of cynicism . All of the superficial reasons why Egyptians admired Obama have melted away , and what is left in some corners is a feeling that he was n't as quick to embrace our push for freedom as he could have been . While many Egyptians feel George W. Bush had a clear position on democracy and freedom of speech in Egypt , Obama came to Cairo in 2009 and made promises to the Egyptian people that were not necessarily kept . And recent events have convinced some that the Obama administration is not so keen on fulfilling its promises to supporting freedom , democracy , and civil liberties . Even though Bush is generally regarded negatively for his "  War on Terror , " it is interesting to hear some engaged political activists say that they miss the Bush days , preferring his support of freedom of speech in Egypt when compared to the Obama administration . One long-time activist said that during the days of Bush , then-Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice made several visits to Egypt , underlining the importance of democracy and freedom of speech . In 2005 , he said , the fruits of that pressure resulted in "  relatively fair " parliamentary elections , particularly when compared to the second round of parliamentary polls and the 2010 elections . For the first time in recent history , our own political news is the dominant issue , so local media coverage of the race to the White House so far has been dismal at best . And as our revolution continues , so clashes between protesters and security forces and the onset of uprisings in neighboring countries have saturated the news cycle . As the newly elected parliament here delves into its first session , Egyptians for the first time are experiencing their own taste of democracy , with all the troubles that comes along with it . Egyptians are watching the newly elected members of parliament closely , watching as they become household names , waiting to review their performances . In the past , many Egyptians sought out hope and salvation in the actions of foreign governments -- but this electoral season , after a year of real change in Egypt , many Egyptians learned that hope will have to come , or at least start , from within .	Egyptian revolution has diminished normally avid following of U.S. politics Superficial reasons why Cairo citizens admired Barack Obama have faded Some Egyptian activists say they miss the days of former president George W. Bush Egypt 's newly elected parliament only recently began its first session
CNN  -- Nicole Frye watered the wooden roof of the house where she 'd lived for 18 years . Then she got in her car and captured her own evacuation with a video camera . Watch Frye 's evacuation All around her , the sky glowed orange from the towering flames that had roared down the mountain and into western subdivisions of Colorado Springs . "  Oh my God , " she sobbed . "  We got ta get out of here . " She knew her neighborhood would never be the same . "  So I wanted to make sure I had at least a memory of something that was remaining , " she said . Reaction : Monster fire terrorizes a Colorado city She wanted a memory , too , of the Waldo Canyon Fire which , a week after igniting , has consumed nearly 350 homes , damaged two dozen more and killed two people . Firefighters , aided by helicopters , air tankers and military planes dropping water and retardant , fought Saturday to contain the inferno , still threatening 20,000 homes and 160 businesses . About 120 Colorado National Guard troops were deploying to assist local law enforcement officers , said Colorado Springs Police Chief Pete Carey . Already , the Waldo Canyon Fire has scorched more than 17,000 acres -- close to 27 square miles -- and brought fear , anxiety and grief to Colorado Springs , the state 's second-largest city that was , until a few days ago , happily situated in the valley below picturesque Pikes Peak . It was 45 % contained Saturday , said incident commander Rich Harvey . In responses to Colorado Springs fire , a distinctly evangelical tone Steve Cox , assistant to the Colorado Springs mayor , said the city remains hopeful . "  But it is a long process , " he told CNN affiliate KKTV . "  It 's going to take us a long time to recover from this . " The fire forced the evacuation of more than 36,000 people earlier this week . Many have since been allowed to return , and authorities are no longer keeping track of how many people are still evacuated , said Anne Rys-sikora , a spokeswoman for the U.S. Forest Service . Thousands are still waiting for word when they would be able to go home . Others , like Frye , will have to stay with friends , family or in hotel rooms . She learned her house was gone . She has not returned yet but seen the devastation in aerial photographs . The city has organized bus tours for about 4,000 people whose neighborhoods were charred . "  You 'll be able to look at your property , " Cox said . "  You 're not going to be able to get out and walk around the property because we 're still in an active fire situation . " Barry Boulier was among those evacuated when 65 mph winds on Tuesday whipped the blaze into a firestorm that spewed ash and smoke "  like a scene out of the movie ` Dante 's Peak . ' " Obama tours site of deadly fire in Colorado It was so thick , that he could n't see or breathe , he said on CNN iReport . "  It happened so fast -- our only thought was leave NOW . " Boulier and his wife have been staying with family since they fled , though they have since learned their home was spared after firefighters stopped its advance in their backyard . His neighbors , though , are not so lucky . Most of their houses , he said , have been burned . "  I 'm kind of dreading returning , " he said . iReporters share their harrowing views of the raging wildfires President Barack Obama declared Colorado a disaster area to allow federal dollars to help fight the Waldo Canyon Fire as well the High Park Fire , which burned 87,284 acres and destroyed nearly 260 homes in northern Colorado since it began on June 9 . As of Saturday evening , that fire is 100 % contained and all evacuation orders have been lifted . Firefighters will continue mopping up hotspots along the perimeter of the fire , which has cost more than $ 38 million to date . Almost half of the acreage burned by the High Park Fire is on U.S. Forest Service land . "  We have been putting everything we have into trying to deal with what is one of the worst fires we 've seen here in Colorado , " said Obama , who toured Colorado Springs on Friday to get a first-hand look at the devastation . "  We 've still got a lot more work to do . " New app tracks Colorado wildfires The U.S. Forest Service has warned it could be mid-July before the Waldo Canyon Fire is fully under control . The wildfire is one of 11 active fires in Colorado . Other Western states -- including Idaho , Wyoming , and Utah -- also are battling wildfires , which is straining firefighting resources . The effort to tame the flames in Colorado got a boost Friday from the military , which is deploying eight of the U.S. Forest Service 's Modular Airborne Firefighting Systems aboard C-130 aircraft . The systems will drop retardant on the Waldo Canyon Fire as well as other wildfires still burning in Colorado . A battalion of U.S. Army troops from Fort Carson , Colorado , also began training Friday to fight wildfires . More than 500 troops are undergoing three days of training , according to Lt. Col. Steven Wollman , a spokesman for the 4th Infantry Division headquartered at the base just south of Colorado Springs . A decision has not been made whether to send the troops into the Waldo Canyon Fire . Help for wildfire evacuees and first responders CNN 's Greg Morrison and Dana Ford contributed to this report .	NEW : The High Park Fire , which scorched 87,284 acres , is 100 % contained Waldo Canyon Fire is 45 % percent contained The fire has destroyed nearly 350 homes and damaged at least two dozen more , officials say Authorities are allowing some evacuees to return home
CNN  -- The astounding discovery that our universe apparently is expanding at an accelerating rate some 14 billion years after the Big Bang has earned three scientists the 2011 Nobel Prize in Physics , the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences announced Tuesday . The discovery turned the world of physics and astronomy on its head when it was first reported in 1998 by competing teams of scientists , two from the United States and one from Australia . It helped lead scientists to the conclusion that nearly three-fourths of the universe is made up of "  dark energy , " a mysterious force that seems to be staying gravity 's hand in stopping the universe from expanding forever . The nature and role of that force has become what the Nobel organization described as one of the most enigmatic mysteries of modern physics . Half of the Noble award will go to Saul Perlmutter from Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory and the University of California , Berkeley . The other half was awarded to Brian P. Schmidt of Australian National University and Adam G. Riess of Johns Hopkins University and the Space Telescope Science Institute . The prize in physics is worth 10 million Swedish kronor , about $ 1.44 million . "  I am delighted , excited , and deeply honored , " Perlmutter said in a written statement . Reiss called the project "  an incredibly exciting adventure " in a statement issued by Johns Hopkins University . "  I am deeply honored that this work has been recognized . " he said . The two teams , working separately , each measured the light coming from a specific kind of exploding star , or supernova , in what began as an effort to confirm expectations that the expansion of the universe was slowing down . Instead , they found that the exploding stars they were using as galactic yardsticks were dimmer than they had expected , indicating that the galaxies containing them were racing away from each other and the rest of the universe at an accelerating rate . The widely celebrated discovery indicated that a mysterious and invisible form of energy is counteracting the force of gravity , pushing matter apart at an ever faster rate . "  Today , we know that 74 percent of the universe consists of this dark energy , " Riess wrote on his website before the award was announced . "  Understanding its nature remains one of the most pressing tasks for physicists and astronomers alike . " The discovery means that the universe is likely to continue expanding indefinitely , instead of reaching a steady state or collapsing back in on itself in what some call a "  big crunch . " "  The findings of the 2011 Nobel Laureates in Physics have helped to unveil a universe that to a large extent is unknown to science . And everything is possible again , " the academy said in announcing the prize . The Nobel Prize in Physics is the second of six Nobel prizes to be announced this month . Last year , professors Andre Geim and Konstantin Novoselov from the University of Manchester in England won the physics prize for "  groundbreaking " experiments with the two-dimensional material graphene . Since 1901 , the committee has handed out the Nobel Prize in Physics 104 times . The youngest recipient was Lawrence Bragg , who won in 1915 at the age of 25 . Bragg is not only the youngest physics laureate , he is also the youngest laureate in any Nobel prize area . The oldest physics laureate was Raymond Davis Jr. , who was 88 years old when he was awarded the prize in 2002 . In the coming days , the committee will announce prizes in chemistry , literature , economics and peace . On Monday , the Nobel committee named Ralph Steinman , a biologist with Rockefeller University , and scientists Bruce A. Beutler and Jules A. Hoffmann the winners of the 2011 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine . The announcement came three days after Steinman died of pancreatic cancer at age 68 . Nobel rules do n't allow awards to be given posthumously , but the Nobel Assembly issued a statement after the award was announced saying it interprets the rule to mean that no one can be deliberately given the award after death . Since the group 's members did not know of Steinman 's death when they made the decision , the award will stand , the assembly said .	NEW : Winners say they are "  deeply honored " Saul Perlmutter , Brian P. Schmidt and Adam G. Riess win the Nobel Prize in Physics They discovered that the universe 's expansion is accelerating The prize is worth about 10 million Swedish kronor , or $ 1.44 million
PEOPLE.com  -- Four years ago , Matthew McConaughey 's relationship with Brazilian model Camila Alves was revealed to PEOPLE in a 2007 cover story . "  She likes roughing it , " a source said at the time . "  She does n't complain when they go hiking for 10 days without clean clothes or a shower . " On Christmas Day , McConaughey 's longtime love -- and mother of his two children , Levi , 3 , and Vida , who turns 2 in January -- became his fiancÃ © . "  just asked camila to marry me , " the actor , 42 , wrote on his WhoSay account . "  merry Christmas . " Their road to engagement took nearly five years -- the couple met in 2006 -- but now that the question has been popped , PEOPLE takes a look at their show-stopping , not to mention sexy , romance . ` The Right Woman ' When he was crowned PEOPLE 's Sexiest Man Alive in 2005 , McConaughey said he 'd get married one day -- when "  I 'm with the right woman and it 's the right time . " A year later , he was facing engagement rumors . "  Everyone is convinced he 'll be with her for a long time , if not forever , " a source close to the actor told PEOPLE in October 2007 about the actor 's relationship with the down-to-earth beauty , now 29 . A month before , they had moved into a $ 1.1 million modular home in Malibu . They already had mystery matching rings . The couple continued to step out together . "  They were laughing the entire time , " said an onlooker who glimpsed McConaughey and Alves at a Japanese restaurant in November 2007 . "  What a great couple . " Baby on the Way Their relationship quickly went from sexy to serious : In early 2008 , McConaughey told his fans that he was starting a family with Alves . That summer , they welcomed their first son , Levi . "  He 's a man -- he 's my man -- and we 're a family , " Alves gushed months later . "  He 's the best dad he can be -- 100 percent hands-on . " McConaughey called his leading lady "  the love of my life . " However , marriage was n't on McConaughey 's mind . "  It 's just not something I plan on doing right now , and that I feel like I need to do right now , " he told reporters in April 2009 while promoting his romantic comedy , "  Ghosts of Girlfriends Past . " "  It 's not an institution I 'm against at all . I 'm actually for it , believe in it and have seen it actually be very , very healthy for many relationships . " Kissing and Telling The couple rung in the New Year with a new baby in 2010 : daughter Vida . And with an acting career and a family life to balance , the actor was taking his romance with Alves to new heights . "  We went up to 3,000 feet and I had on hiking shoes and I was all set up and ready to go , " he said in February 2011 about a trip with his ladylove to French Polynesia . " -LSB- Alves -RSB- was wearing Havaianas sandals and a white skirt . I came down to the bottom of that hill afterward and had blood on me , -LSB- all -RSB- muddy ... and that girl did n't have a speck of dust on her . " The bachelor-turned-family man told PEOPLE in March 2011 that he was learning Portuguese , Alves 's native language that she grew up speaking in Brazil . And perhaps his favorite word in Portuguese sheds some light on the romance between him and his now-fiancÃ © . "  Beijos , " is his favorite expression , he said , which translates to "  kisses " in English . See the full article at PEOPLE.com © 2011 People and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Matthew McConaughey and Camila Alves met in 2006 In early 2008 , McConaughey told fans he was starting a family with Alves In March , the actor said he was learning Portuguese , Alves 's native language
Mashable  -- Apple 's production partners are already hard at work on the new model of iPad , according to a report in the Wall Street Journal . The fact that Apple is working on an iPad 2 , of course , is common knowledge . The famously tight-lipped company rarely talks about upcoming product launches , and is n't talking now . But Apple has never denied that it intends to follow up on one of its most successful products . Nearly $ 5 billion worth of iPads have been sold in the three quarters since its launch . And a quick glance at the history of the iPhone , which launches a new model every year , suggests that we should expect to see the iPad 2 right around the first anniversary of its predecessor 's launch : April 3 , 2011 . A prototype of the iPad 2 was apparently spotted by a Reuters reporter after the launch of News Corp 's iPad publication , the Daily , last week . And an unconfirmed report from DigiTimes in December said that Foxconn , the Chinese makers of the iPhone and iPad , had been ordered to manufacture the iPad 2 in market-ready quantities by the end of February . The Journal report , which carries three bylines and cites "  people familiar with the matter , " offers a few more nuggets of detail . It confirms the widely-held belief that the iPad 2 will have a front-facing camera , enabling use of the Facetime videoconferencing app . It says that the 3G version will again be available on Verizon and AT&T , with Sprint and T-Mobile still shut out . But it contradicts earlier reports that Apple will endow the iPad 2 with a higher-resolution screen , much as the iPhone 4 had significantly higher resolution than the iPhone 3GS . Apple is likely still working on a higher quality iPad display -- it just wo n't be ready for the iPad 2 . So will a slightly improved Apple tablet with camera be enough to persuade millions of iPad users to upgrade ? Are there other bells and whistles we do n't know about yet ? We have previously reported on rumors that the new device will have an SD Card slot , and that it will feature rear-facing and front-facing cameras .  Click here for our comprehensive roundup of iPad 2 rumors  . We 'll know when Apple 's acting CEO Tim Cook takes the stage , if this product timeline is accurate , in a few months ' time . © 2010 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	The iPad 2 might have a front-facing camera , enabling use of the Facetime app There are rumors that the new device will have an SD Card slot Nearly $ 5 billion worth of iPads have been sold in the three quarters since its launch
Kathmandu , Nepal  CNN  The clamor and chaos of the previous day has dissipated by the time we arrive at Kathmandu 's only airport . The mad rush of 24 hours previously , in those first confusing , cacophonous hours following the 7.8-magnitude earthquake near the Nepali capital , had died down . Now , families sit , camped out , silent and patiently waiting , but for now abandoned . At the airport , at passport control , we meet a Nepalese man , who is unable to contact his family . They live in a village 20 km from the epicenter . He also has two cousins on Everest , he says . He has no way to reach any of them . Follow the latest coverage of Nepal earthquake Stepping out of the terminal building , the devastation is apparent . It is an overwhelming introduction to this city that , less than 48 hours ago , was hit by the worst earthquake this country has experienced in 80 years . The death toll has skipped past 3,000 and climbs , inexorably . Taking into account the fact that many rural areas , just as badly affected but isolated and vulnerable , have yet to be evaluated , the human cost is staggering . Across town the bus station is a hive of activity as scores try urgently to leave the city , to make it out to the outlying areas so badly affected by this quake . Communications are down and so many here are desperate to make it out to their stricken families , and discover their fate . The scene is repeated at every gas station ; snaking lines of Indian-made Tata cars , and motorcycles , waiting to fill up . People are clambering aboard buses , into cars , trying to get as far away from this devastation as possible . Remaining inside Kathmandu , neighbors stare forlornly at their former homes , now collapsed piles of rubble . We visit a Montessori school , mercifully empty as the children had the Saturday off . A seven-story building behind it , however , was home to a small church , and housed a congregation of between 40 and 50 when tragedy occurred . The pastor 's son Nakul Tamang clambers up a ladder , looking for an entrance into the ruined facade , looking to retrieve his father , not knowing if he will find him alive or dead . Rescue teams stop him before he reaches the top . The building is not secure , but Tamang does n't care . "  It 's sad , it 's hard , " he says . Six bodies had already been pulled from the concrete and steel wreckage . A nearby five-story structure has collapsed in on itself . It was pink , with wrought balconies . Now it is pancaked , reduced to a third of its height and a mess of rubble and reinforced steel . One woman has been pulled out of the wreckage , and rescuers continue to work in a precarious hollow scooped out from the fallen bricks . Officials tell the onlookers that there is a chance that survivors may have been protected in a corridor as the building came down around them . A day after the earthquake struck , they found a woman under the rubble . Unhurt ; in shock , but alive . It is this hope that keeps Narayan Gurung going : the belief that his wife and 7-year-old are still alive . "  I raced here after the earthquake . I have n't slept for days , " he says . Workers dig painstakingly , slowly removing piles of stone and debris . They spot someone 's hair , but ca n't yet reach the body or tell if it 's male or female . Wherever there is rubble in this city , there is a police or military presence . They are not necessarily commanding the digs but they keep onlookers from getting too close , or directing traffic as best they can . For their part , the onlookers look shell shocked -- there is little outpouring of grief , no sobbing or wailing , but rather a solemn , dazed , collective sense of disbelief . Tundikhel Park was , just two days ago , a vast , open green oasis in the city , but is now a mess of tents . Some have made their own , the army is setting up others . Metal bleacher-style seating has been set up , with dozens of people sitting , waiting , makeshift blue tarp tents pitched underneath . People bring in fresh fruit , and there are water sellers -- although clean bottled water is becoming hard to to find . People queue endlessly for food and water . There is a mobile government field hospital here , and those treated wait listlessly outside , a collection of crushed hands , broken legs , strapped ankles . One little boy was hit by a falling brick . "  I felt something like a fire , and I ran , and then something hurt me a lot . " he says . "  I am still scared . " And so is everybody else : those who survived clinging to those they love . Arwa Damon and Gul Tuysuz reported from Nepal , while Euan McKirdy wrote from Hong Kong .	Tremors subside finally in Kathmandu , but after-effects of Saturday 's staggering tragedy will be felt for years Arwa Damon and Gul Tuysuz take tour of devastated city as locals struggle to cope Workers dig painstakingly , slowly removing piles of stone and debris
CNN  -- According to the "  Guinness Book of World Records , " Sherlock Holmes is the most popular role in the movies . So if Robert Downey Jr. hardly seems like the iconic Sherlock  he 's too short and muscular , and strains to suggest the intellectual arrogance that comes so easily to the English  , he can take his place alongside such oddball castings as Buster Keaton , Charlton Heston and George C. Scott . And he 's ideally suited to director Guy Ritchie 's purpose , which is not to dust off your grandfather 's Conan Doyle , but to juice today 's kids with a quirky 19th century super sleuth . What 's fun about these movies is that the equation works both ways . Yes , this Holmes is more likely to get physical than his predecessors , he 's even a bit of a boor , but he 's still a more cerebral action hero than we find in most blockbusters , and the period trappings  a seamless blend of CGI and location work  help this franchise stand out from the crowd of comic book adaptations . Ritchie and husband-and-wife screenwriters Kieran and Michele Mulroney  "  Paper Man "  map out a fast-moving -- if ridiculously digressive -- Victorian adventure that crisscrosses Europe by horseless carriage , train , boat , and , in Sherlock 's case , pony . Just down the road from 221 Baker Street they 're digging a tunnel for what will become the London Underground . The Industrial Age is beginning to stretch its muscles , while a series of terrorist atrocities are gnawing at the fragile understanding between the great European powers . Holmes detects something other than social unrest behind the bombings : an evil master plan leading inexorably to his nemesis , Professor Moriarty  Jared Harris  . There are big themes there , but the movie does n't take itself remotely seriously . This is a rambunctious romp , even brazenly camp when it 's poking fun at the always-intriguing Holmes-Watson relationship . Sometimes it seems like the real motivation behind Moriarty 's scheme is not to plunge Europe into war so much as to prevent the doctor from consummating his marriage and reunite him with his former roommate , which is where he rightfully belongs . Nothing if not versatile , Downey dons myriad disguises through the course of the movie  he even impersonates a bookcase  , and he does a long , very funny turn in drag . Jude Law is Hardy to his Laurel , always piqued , but somehow affectionate in his aggravation . And Ritchie has the good instincts to let their byplay run the show . They make such a splendid comic double-act , there 's not much more than a look-in for the fairer sex . Sherlock 's main squeeze , Rachel McAdams ' Irene Adler , scarcely makes it to the opening titles . Watson 's intended , Kelly Reilly , fares a little better , but her most memorable scene comes when the great detective rudely shoves her out of a moving train . As for Noomi Rapace , the original "  Girl with a Dragon Tattoo , " at least she comes along for the ride as a gypsy soothsayer with anarchist tendencies , but the screenwriters ' appear to forget about her existence whenever things start to get exciting . No matter . The movie has more than its share of good gags , and if Ritchie 's tic-y histrionics with the camera are starting to flag  I think we 've seen the pre-rehearsed fisticuffs more than enough now , thanks  , he 's a dab hand in the editing suite . Playful and polished , "  Game of Shadows " is at least as much fun as its predecessor . "  Who taught you to dance ? " asks Sherlock , as he waltzes the good doctor through another deadly scrape . "  You did , " comes the inevitable reply . They make a lovely couple .	This Holmes is more likely to get physical than his predecessors Robert Downey Jr. dons myriad disguises through the course of the movie Jude Law is Hardy to Downey 's Laurel
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Hundreds of Michael Jackson fans gathered in London on Monday to pay tribute to the tragic pop star on the night when he was supposed to be opening his 50-night residency in the city . Fans scrawl messages to the star on a wall outside the London venue where he would have been playing . The O2 arena in southeast London , where Jackson 's "  This is It " shows were due to be staged , had been the site of an unofficial shrine to the performer since his death last month . On Monday fans laid flowers and memorabilia , wrote messages to the star on a wall and sang Jackson songs . At 7 p.m.  2 p.m. ET  many of the crowd joined hands and sang the Jackson-penned "  We Are the World , " and chanted "  Michael ! King of Pop . " Many present had bought tickets for the opening night but had decided to come anyway . "  I 'm here to pay tribute to the king , " said Morganna Bramah , a 29-year-old Web site artist , who had just returned from Los Angeles where she had hoped to attend last week 's memorial for Jackson . "  It 's one of the most devastating heartbreaking things that has ever happened in my life . I just felt it was my duty to pay my respects who has given so much magic and light and beauty to my life . " Martin Russo , 28 , and Enrico Ardito , 34 , had travelled from Italy for the tribute . "  I grew up with his music and he is my only idol , " said Russo . "  He had a special bond with his fans . Michael cared truly . " Sophie Bradley , who had flown in from the Middle East , said she had come to say thank you to Jackson . "  I had to come here . He was a father figure and a role model , " said the 25-year-old . "  It 's a chance for fans to talk and share stories and just remember how much he means to us . " Gemma White and Terry Shaw said they were still "  in denial " about Jackson 's death . "  I feel like I 've lost a brother , a lover and a friend , " said White . "  People say he was only a pop star but to us he was n't . He was in our hearts . He was a person and the fans got to see that . " "  We came down here for Michael , " added Shaw . "  It was the last thing we could do for him . It had to be done . " Jessica Prater from New York had tickets for Monday 's show and had decided she would still come to London even before details of the evening 's tribute were announced on Facebook . "  I did n't know so many people across the world were inspired by him , " the 28-year-old said . "  I 've met fans from Finland , Germany , France , the Congo . It 's like a family reunion where you meet your long lost relatives . I 'm really feeling the love and I know Michael 's spirit is definitely here . " Large whiteboards were erected at the O2 to allow fans to leave messages . After the vigil they 'll be moved to opposite the box office so fans can continue to pay their respects . It 's been less than one week since celebrities and die-hard Jackson fans packed the Staples Center in Los Angeles for an emotional farewell to the King of Pop . Questions still surround the circumstances of his sudden death less than three weeks before the scheduled start of his London shows . Investigators are still awaiting toxicology reports from the coroner 's to determine the exact cause of death . The decision by fans to stage their own farewell to Michael Jackson at the O2 follows the absence of an official plan to commemorate the singer 's life in London . Concert promoters AEG Worldwide are still unable to confirm reports that a tribute concert will be held at the O2 Arena , potentially on August 29 , the date of what would have been Jackson 's 51st birthday . "  There have been lots of talks going on about lots of things but nothing that I can confirm , " Jones said . The first official Michael Jackson memorabilia is being offered by Bravado , the global merchandising division of Universal Music Group , and AEG Live which holds merchandising rights associated with the O2 concerts . Products said to have been personally approved by Jackson before the concert tour are available for pre-order on the Bandstore Web site . Late last week clothing had been shipped to retailer HMV . Play and Amazon were said to have received their consignments over the weekend . Items are being pushed out to try to beat bootleggers who are already producing Jackson mementos to cash in on demand from fans . So far only clothing is available , but the range is expected to expand to accessories over the coming weeks . "  There is a high level of demand . It 's apparent that fans really want the official merchandise , " a spokesman for Universal Music told CNN . The race to generate income following Jackson 's death , from offering commemorative tickets in lieu of refunds to his concerts to the sale of T-shirts and CDs , has rankled some of his fans . Louise Costello refused a refund for her ticket to the London shows in favor of a commemorative ticket , but says the emphasis should be on the man , rather than the money . "  It 's not all about money now . It 's about a man whose life has gone . And he touched a lot of people as well , including myself , " Costello told CNN . "  He was trying to save the world , and heal the world , things like that . He was a good man and I think they 're taking advantage of the fact that he has a lot of people who love him . " Costello is not intending to go to O2 vigil tonight . Instead , she 'll make her own pilgrimage to the O2 Arena on July 28 , the date she was to see Jackson in concert . "  It 's my way of paying my tribute . I 'll go there and I 'll listen to his music . It 's just my way of remembering him , " she said .	Jackson fans converge on London 's O2 Arena Monday for memorial Fan Gemma White : "  I feel like I 've lost a brother , a lover and a friend " Fan vigil timed to coincide with scheduled start date of Jackson 's "  This Is It " concerts Fans from U.S. , Middle East and Europe were at Monday 's tribute
CNN  -- Anti-terror police in Denmark say they have arrested two brothers , one of whom trained at a terror camp in Somalia . The pair is suspected of "  planning a terrorist act by , among other activities , having discussed the method , the target and the weapon types to be used , " the Danish Security and Intelligence Service , known as PET , said late Monday . "  PET believes that a specific act of terrorism has been averted , " the agency said . The Somali-Danish men are due to appear in court on Tuesday . One was arrested as he flew into Copenhagen airport and the other was seized at his residence in the city of Aarhus , the security force said . The brothers , 18 and 23 , are Danish citizens of Somali origin who have lived in the Aarhus region for 16 years , PET said , without naming them .	The suspects are Somali-born brothers believed to have been planning an attack One is accused of training at a terror camp in Somalia
CNN  -- Manchester United 's Robin van Persie received a hostile reception on his return to the Emirates Stadium but had the last laugh Sunday by scoring the equalizer in a 1-1 draw against his former club Arsenal . Van Persie 's 29 goals this season have fired United to the English Premier League title , grabbing a hat-trick last Monday as they beat Aston Villa to clinch their 20th top-flight crown . He left Arsenal in a $ 37 million switch to their EPL rivals in close season and the ill-feeling surrounding that move was reflected in the chorus of boos from the home fans every time he touched the ball . Arsenal afforded United the traditional guard of honor before the kick off , but once play got underway they showed little respect for the new champions . Van Persie 's sloppy ball saw Arsenal charge forward and Theo Walcott took advantage of a marginal call for offside to advance and beat David de Gea in the visiting goal . They continued to dominate by playing with a ferocious intensity and with van Persie on the receiving end of some robust tackling , but the match turned near half-time . First van Persie saw his point blank header kept out by Wojciech Szczesny then a mistake by Bacary Sagna let the Dutch star free and the defender responded by pulling him down in the penalty area . Van Persie got up to coolly convert the penalty and draw United level . "  It takes bottle to take a penalty when the crowd are booing , " Manchester United manager Alex Ferguson told Sky Sports after the match . "  We have a great spirit of applauding players when they come back to our club . I expected the booing to be honest with you . " United were revitalized and had the better opportunities to claim the full three points in the second half , with Wayne Rooney denied by Szczesny and substitute Ryan Giggs seeing a late effort deflected wide . But the subsequent draw was a result neither team would be satisfied with and United can not now beat Chelsea 's all-time record for EPL points in a season . As Arsenal dropped a point , Chelsea moved above them into third with a 2-0 home win over Swansea earlier Sunday . Fifth placed Tottenham Hotspur , two points behind Arsenal in the battle for the final Champions League spot , have a game in hand over their North London rivals . Chelsea , who have a hectic program of league and Europa League commitments , showed no signs of tiredness with a comfortable win . Brazil 's Oscar gave them the lead in the 43rd minute after a pass from Frank Lampard , who grabbed the second in first half stoppage time . Lampard , who is one short of the all-time Chelsea career goal tally by former legend Bobby Tambling , struck home a penalty after Leon Britton had fouled Juan Mata . The early kick off saw a 0-0 draw between Reading and QPR at the Madejski Stadium , which saw the basement pair relegated . After a match of few chances , both were left nine points behind fourth bottom Aston Villa and with no mathematical chance of avoiding the drop . Villa play Sunderland in a crucial relegation battle Monday .	Arsenal and Manchester United draw 1-1 at Emirates Robin van Persie scores United 's equalizer on return to his old club Chelsea move above Arsenal into third with 2-0 win over Swansea Reading and Queens Park Rangers are relegated from EPL
The Hague , Netherlands  CNN  -- Bosnian war crimes suspect Radovan Karadzic launched a full-throated attack on the International War Crimes Tribunal Tuesday , as he appeared at a hearing to discuss his refusal to appear for trial . He said he "  can not take part in something that has been bad from the start , and where my fundamental rights have been violated . " Karadzic , who is accused of responsibility for the worst massacre in Europe since World War II , says he has had insufficient time to prepare his defense . He is representing himself . But Judge O-Gon Kwon told Karadzic it was the court , not the defendant , who decides when the case is ready for trial . He advised Karadzic to participate in order to get a fair trial . The judges will decide by the end of the week how to deal with the former Bosnian leader 's boycott of the proceedings , Judge Kwon said before adjourning the trial for the day . Karadzic , the Bosnian Serb leader during the bloody breakup of Yugoslavia in the early 1990s , faces 11 counts of genocide , war crimes and crimes against humanity . Memories of the massacre remain raw . Watch the video The charges stem partly from the massacre of more than 7,000 Muslim men and boys at the town of Srebrenica , in what is know Bosnia and Herzegovina , in 1995 . Karadzic has been insisting he has not had enough time to prepare for the trial , saying there are 1.3 million pages of documents to study . He denied stalling , and said imposing a lawyer on him would not help . "  It is with joy that I am preparing for these proceedings , " he said through a translator . "  Nobody can get through this material better than I can , no lawyer . The best possible solution would be that the defense be given sufficient time " to prepare . He rejected prosecutor Hildegard Uertz-Retzlaff 's assertion that Tuesday 's proceedings constituted part of the trial . "  I hope that this is not some kind of a trick , " he said . "  I am attending a status conference hearing . " The court can not force a defendant to appear . Karadzic , as a "  self-representing accused , " is the only one who can cross-examine witnesses and speak in court about the substance of the charges against him . However , judges can impose a lawyer on Karadzic if he continues to refuse to cooperate . The trial began without his presence on October 26 , more than a year after Karadzic was captured in Belgrade , the capital of Serbia . He had been on the run for more than 13 years and was living in disguise in Belgrade , practicing alternative medicine at a clinic . Karadzic faces life in prison if he is convicted . The court can not impose the death penalty . The 1992-95 Bosnian conflict was the longest of the wars spawned by the breakup of Yugoslavia in the early 1990s . Backed by the government of then-Yugoslav President Slobodan Milosevic , Bosnian Serb forces seized control of more than half the country and launched a campaign against the Muslim and Croat populations . Karadzic was removed from power in 1995 , when the Dayton Accords that ended the Bosnian war barred anyone accused of war crimes from holding office . Milosevic died in 2006 while on trial at The Hague .	Radovan Karadzic appears at hearing at International Criminal Tribunal to discuss his refusal to appear for war crimes trial Ex-Bosnian Serb leader is accused of responsibility for worst massacre in Europe since World War II Karadzic , who is representing himself , says he has had insufficient time to prepare his defense Karadzic was arrested last year in Belgrade after more than a decade on the run
CNN  -- What 's a man to do after helming two of the most lucrative film releases to date  and re-releasing one in 3-D  ? Ride a one-man submersible to the deepest known point in the world 's oceans , before attempting to expand the Earth 's resource base by backing a new space venture . Obviously . James Cameron , known for writing and directing films like "  The Terminator , " "  Aliens , "  Titanic " and "  Avatar , " has made headlines recently for some science  non  fiction projects that wo n't be appearing on the big screen . Last month the filmmaker plunged more than 35,800 feet to the Mariana Trench , where he collected samples that will allow scientists to conduct research about the habitat . And now he 's apparently involved with Planetary Resources , along with several other distinguished investors . " -LSB- Cameron -RSB- has more money than you could spend in 100 lifetimes , a lovely wife and family , a huge compound ... a lot of Oscars , " said Howard Bragman , a longtime Hollywood publicist and the vice chairman of Reputation.com . " -LSB- He 's -RSB- made the two biggest movies in the entire world . After that , it kind of becomes about your dreams . It 's wonderful that somebody with these resources follows their dreams . " Wealthy celebrities like Cameron have the resources to boldly go where other people have only imagined . But there 's more to living out such dreams than a bottomless bank account . "  Cameron  has the infrastructure to carry this out , " Bragman told CNN . "  Same as someone like  Sir Richard  Branson . We 're not just talking about money here . " Branson , the business tycoon behind the Virgin Group , has used his notoriety and wealth to break several world records and purchase land  including a small island in the British Virgin Islands  , in addition to his many humanitarian initiatives . Oprah Winfrey is another celebrity who has been fortunate enough to follow her dreams . She opened The Oprah Winfrey Leadership Academy for Girls in 2007 . Winfrey visited South Africa in January to congratulate the school 's first graduates . There are plenty of people with money who would n't be able to accomplish everything these celebs have accomplished or live out their dreams like Cameron has , Bragman said . "  Both  Cameron and Branson  are in industries that generate a lot of press , " Bragman said . "  They 're both incredibly successful . If some Russian billionaire did it , it would n't get the same attention . But when James Cameron does it , it 's fascinating . It 's a journey . And it might turn into a TV show . ... Knowing him , he 'll probably figure out a way to make money off -LSB- his underwater exploration -RSB- . That 's what a great businessman does . " "  The thing about James Cameron is , he can get his mind around a project the size of ` Avatar ' and keep his cool , " Roger Ebert wrote in 2009 . "  If it requires the development of untested technology , he takes the time to work on it . If he wants to create aliens human enough to be sexy and yet keep them out of the Uncanny Valley  the repulsion humans feel when robots look a little too realistic  , he test-drives them . " Cameron is somehow able to create worlds that do n't exist , and explain real events in a way that no one else can , Bragman said . His curiosity and his unlimited resources allow him to do this . "  And good for him and good for us who get to share in it , " he added . "  We 're seeing places we 've never seen before -LSB- because of him -RSB- " -- both on and off screen .	Cameron is the filmmaker behind "  The Terminator , " "  Aliens , "  Titanic " and "  Avatar " Cameron journeyed more than 35,800 feet underwater to the Mariana Trench Source : Cameron can create worlds that do n't exist , explain real events like no one else
Victoria , Texas  CNN  -- This small Texas town is half a world away from the nuclear disaster unfolding in Japan . Nevertheless , the calamity is having a ripple effect . This week , the U.S. Nuclear Regulatory Commission held a scheduled two-day public hearing on a nuclear power plant near Victoria . There , Texans for Sound Energy Policy got a chance to voice their opposition on the proposed plant that would be built by electric power giant Exelon Generation . Those who support the plant repeatedly stated , "  Nuclear power is a safe energy source " at the two-day hearing . In addition , supporters argued that the $ 16 billion project would add over 750 permanent jobs and 2,500 temporary construction jobs . How close are you to a nuclear plant ? The money spent on the plant would be nearly five times more than Victoria 's yearly budget , said Don Pozzi , an administrative judge and lifetime resident of Victoria County . "  That 's a lot of money , " said Pozzi , 67 . In addition to the jobs , he argues the project would help add to the town 's coffers through sales taxes and real estate taxes from new housing . That , he says , will help the small town of about 87,000 people continue to grow . And that 's exactly what rancher David Huber is afraid of -- a larger Victoria with a nuclear power plant . "  I 've been opposed from the beginning and I 'm still opposed , " said Huber , 62 . The proposed site for the reactor is located in a rural farming district approximately seven miles from Huber 's ranch . Huber , a 6-foot-2 rancher with a thick Texas accent and an affable personality , said he loves his land and his way of life . His family has been a part of the Victoria farming community since the late 1800s . "  The road Exelon is planning on using for heavy hauling , my grandfather built around 1920 , " the rancher said , while driving around his ranch with his son , Jason Huber . Along the way , he proudly points the results of his family 's hard work . "  Our roots are in the ground . " His concerns over the dangers of a possible nuclear reactor so close to his ranch have increased since the nuclear disaster triggered by last week 's quake and tsunami in Japan , he said . Japan 's nuclear crisis explained Prior to choosing the location , Exelon Generation studied the possible impact of a nuclear power plant on Victoria 's community , water and ecology . Exelon is the United States ' largest nuclear power plant operator , running 17 plants in 10 states . See locations of U.S. nuclear power facilities After studying the Victoria site , the power company found the risks to be low . But not everyone agrees . "  Nuclear power is a high risk , high stakes business , " said Jim Blackburn with Texans for Sound Energy Policy at this week 's NRC public hearing . "  Everyone here should be sobered by the events in Japan and by the seriousness of matters at hand , " Blackburn added . "  Our thoughts and prayers go out to the people in Japan . " The NRC must grant final approval before any new nuclear plants can be built and operated . No new nuclear plant has won final approval in the United States since the Three Mile Island accident in 1979 , although site work is being done at a couple of locations around the country . At this week 's hearing , Exelon representative William Scott acknowledged the events in Japan , but he urged people not to overreact to what 's going on in light of the continuous news coverage of the unfolding crisis . Texas town OK with nuclear plant expansion He said he understands people 's concerns and why politicians have taken a closer look at the safety plans for nuclear plants in their states . "  That 's a perfectly natural reaction . We expect to be held accountable , that 's part of our commitment to safety , " said Scott . The situation in Japan does n't seem to have any effect on those who steadfastly support the proposed nuclear plant near Victoria , Pozzi said . "  I do n't expect people will change their minds , " he said . "  I think people have had their minds made up . " He pointed to an unscientific online poll in the local newspaper , the Victoria Advocate , which found that despite the Japan incident , 53 % of the 394 people polled said they favor the Victoria plant compared to 23 % who oppose it . "  There are plane crashes , people continue to fly . There are car accidents , people continue to drive , " Pozzi said . "  There 's going to be nuclear power . " Victoria 's Mayor Will Armstrong agreed . "  My support has n't wavered at all , " he said . Victoria county commissioner Gary Burns said he and other city officials have "  wined and dined " Exelon in hopes of bringing billions of dollars to Victoria 's economy . Burns said if the deal falls through , the town 's economic future is at risk . Those who oppose the plant said the site where Exelon would build the plant lies on a "  growth fault " which does n't trigger earthquakes but can cause the Earth to shift . Blackburn and his Texans for Sound Energy Policy group fears the ground beneath the proposed nuclear site could sink , causing the cooling water ponds , vital to a nuclear plant , to drain away . "  It has active oil and gas extraction , " Blackburn said about the proposed site . "  It can and will change over time . " Blackburn said Exelon has not addressed the growth fault issue in its filings with the NRC . But Steve Frantz , an attorney representing Exelon pointed out that the growth faults are "  are not tectonic in nature . " A study of the area shows one growth fault in the area moved only 8 inches over 40 years . "  They pose no seismic threat , " said Frantz . "  The only threat is a possibility of surface deformation if the growth faults were to move . " He did say all safety structures including vital safety cooling ponds would be located away from the growth faults . "  We did find it and studied it , " said Frantz . "  We planned the safety-related structures 500 feet away , which we felt was more than adequate . " Blackburn insists that even though growth faults are not seismic , they still pose "  potential dangers to the safe operation of a nuclear facility . " "  TSEP believes that good engineering can address many potential safety issues , " he said . "  However , you can not engineer around issues that are not recognized , studied and evaluated . " Some residents , like Huber , who would live near the proposed site , feel that it 's a risk that is not worth taking . "  What if  all of a sudden that  proposed  plant has a problem and there 's an evacuation for a 10-mile radius ? " the rancher wondered . "  I 'm in the 10-mile radius . What do I do ? Try and pick up and try to run ? This is my life . " "  Why would you even want to risk this natural beauty ? " he asked , as he stood on the banks of the San Antonio River next to his ranch at sunset .	Exelon wants to build a $ 16 billion nuclear plant near Victoria Supporters say it will be a boon to the small town 's economy The plant would lie on a "  growth fault " that opponents say could be unsafe Exelon says growth faults are not seismic and do not pose a risk
CNN  -- Chelsea has lodged a formal complaint with the Football Association after alleging referee Mark Clattenburg used "  inappropriate language " towards John Obi Mikel during their Premier League defeat by Manchester United . The European champions also stated that there is insufficient evidence to support allegations that Clattenburg abused Spain star Juan Mata . The FA has already announced that it has launched an investigation into the incident , while the Metropolitan Police revealed on Tuesday that it will also conduct a probe . English FA to probe claims of racist abuse by referee in Chelsea match The referee has refuted all allegations made against him , but that has not stopped Chelsea from taking its case further . A statement on the official club website read : "  Chelsea Football Club today lodged a formal complaint with The Football Association regarding inappropriate language directed at John Mikel Obi by referee Mark Clattenburg . This is a result of a thorough investigation carried out by the club , and led by outside legal counsel , of all information available to us including interviews with a number of players and staff . "  Following Sunday 's Premier League game against Manchester United , club board members were quickly made aware , upon entering the home dressing room after the final whistle , that there were allegations of inappropriate language directed at Chelsea FC players by Mr Clattenburg during the game . "  Board members began establishing the details of the allegations , speaking to all relevant players and staff . After those initial interviews it was clear that the matter had to be reported . The correct protocol for doing so was to report the incidents to the match delegate , and the club took immediate steps to inform him as soon as he was available . It was not a decision the club took lightly . Police to investigate ` racist ' referee in Chelsea case "  Since reporting the matter to the delegate , the club and outside legal counsel have conducted further investigations . Having completed that process we have now followed the correct protocol and lodged a formal complaint with The FA regarding John Mikel Obi . There was not sufficient evidence to support a second claim to The FA with regard to the alleged verbal abuse of another first team player . "  We will cooperate fully with The FA and the Police as they each investigate the matter . As events on Sunday are now subject to those investigations we are unable to comment further until those processes are complete . " Meanwhile , Mikel played 45 minutes as Chelsea defeated Manchester United 5-4 in a thrilling Capital One Cup encounter . Ryan Giggs gave United a 22nd minute lead before David Luiz equalized from the penalty spot to bring Chelsea level . Javier Hernandez put the visitors back in front , his sixth goal in nine games against Chelsea , before Gary Cahill headed home a second equalizer . United grabbed the advantage for the third time just before the hour mark when Nani rounded off a flowing move only for Eden Hazard 's 90th minute penalty to send the game into extra-time . Daniel Sturridge then gave Chelsea the lead for the first time in the contest on 97 minutes and Ramires made sure of the victory added a fifth late on . Giggs netted a penalty to make it a nervy last couple of minutes but Chelsea held out to book a quarterfinal place against Leeds United . Elsewhere , Tottenham suffered a 2-1 loss at Norwich after Clint Dempsey failed to score a last minute penalty . Cup holder Liverpool was also beaten , going down 3-1 to Swansea .	Chelsea lodge official complaint with Football Association Mark Clattenburg accused of using "  inappropriate language " towards John Obi Mikel Club will not pursue allegations of abuse towards Juan Mata by the referee Mark Clattenburg denies all allegations leveled at him
Words have been a part of Marjorie Liu 's life as far back as she could remember . She would devour children 's books sitting in her mother 's lap , dreaming up adventures of her own she wanted to share . But the New York Times bestselling author never thought her passion for writing could earn her a living , so she set her sights on a career in law , spending years diligently poring over law books to pass the bar . "  I was going to be a lawyer and I had studied hard , " Liu says , "  but then it suddenly occurred to me in a very deep , profound way that I did n't want to keep practicing law for the rest of my life , " she adds . Follow the dream Liu was struck with the impulse to fulfill her dream of writing a novel , and brushing off concerns from those around her , she closed herself off in her apartment for a month to write . She worked feverishly for 14 hours a day , producing her first novel -- a paranormal magic thriller called "  Tiger Eye " . Her leap of faith paid off , and the book was bought by a publishing house and turned into a four-sequel contract . Nine years after her debut , the 35 year-old is a celebrated writer with 17 novels to her name and myriad of literary awards . "  I had my dreams , and even though everyone told me that they were n't practical , I knew in my heart that this is what I had to do . Even if it ended up being a failure , I had to make the attempt , " she says . Expanding the portfolio Apart from traditional novels , Liu also found her calling in comic books . She has written issues for Marvel Comics ' "  Dark Wolverine " and "  Astonishing X-Men " series , for which she was nominated for a GLAAD Media Award for outstanding media images of the LGBT community last year . Liu also teaches comic book writing at MIT , even though she only became familiar with the genre at college after stumbling across it in a local bookstore . "  I did n't know how to write comics , I had to teach myself , " she says , "  I had never been a comic book person before really because I had no access to them . Once I had access I thought that these are just another avenue for telling stories and delving into the imagination " she adds . In spite of managing to turn her passion into her job , Liu does n't regret the years she spent toiling away at law school : "  There was no guarantee that this would work out . I do n't want to give people the wrong advice to follow their dreams no matter what because it 's not fun to be a starving artist . "  But on the other hand , life is short and if you are burning with a passion to do something then do it . Work hard , study hard at it and do n't give up , " she says .	Marjorie Liu is a New York Times bestselling author However she is also a qualified lawyer who changed her career after college She has written for Marvel Comics
CNN  -- America is getting fatter , according to a new report , and bulging waistlines will rack up big health care expenditures within the next two decades . The report , from the Trust for America 's Health and the Robert Wood Johnson Foundation , draws on previously published government data to make predictions about what consequences an upward obesity trend would have for individual states . It also projects that the health of the country -- and the dollars spent on the health care system -- would benefit from even a 5 % reduction in the average body mass index . The report is called "  F as in Fat : How Obesity Threatens America 's Future 2012 . " The U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention found , in data published in August , that Mississippi is the country 's leader in adult obesity , at 34.9 % . That number could rise to 66.7 % by 2030 , the new report found . The new analysis also projected that obesity rates in 13 states could rise above 60 % among adults by 2030 . By that year , every state in the nation may have adult obesity rates above 44 % , including 39 states with rates higher than 50 % , the report said . This is consistent with a 2012 study in the American Journal of Preventive Medicine , which concluded that by 2030 , 42 % of adults will be obese . That study forecast $ 550 billion in health care spending from now to 2030 as a result of rising obesity rates . Just how fat ? But some experts are skeptical about how accurately obesity trends can be predicted . Methods of calculating how fat Americans will be in the future vary greatly , and there 's no accepted standard of determining it , said David B. Allison , director of the Nutrition Obesity Research Center at the University of Alabama at Birmingham , who was not involved in the new study . "  I do n't mean for a moment that we should not be taking steps to reduce obesity , " Allison said . "  If it increases in prevalence , it would be a more serious problem . And even if it decreases in prevalence , without us intentionally doing anything in the immediate term , I 'd be shocked if it 's going to vanish . " Interventions intended to reduce obesity should take place regardless of what the projections say the numbers will be in the future , he said . The CDC data indicate that the South is the most obese region of the U.S. , but that may not be entirely true either , said George Howard , professor of biostatistics at the University of Alabama at Birmingham . No one was weighed or measured in the collecting of the information ; people were merely asked about their heights and weights via telephone -- so they could have lied . Howard speculates that there may be bias in the data because "  there 's not a social stigma attached to being fat in the South , " he said . "  If you ask people how fat they are , they tell you . " Correlations between obesity and the South may be tied to other factors , Allison said . Certain ethnic groups , people from rural areas , and people of low socioeconomic status are more likely to be obese than others . It is not known whether there is a particular reporting bias in the South , or whether lifestyle factors influence obesity there , or if the trend has both components , Allison said . More obesity leads to more disease , and money For making projections , the new study uses a peer-reviewed model that was used in an analysis of obesity trends in a 2011 article in The Lancet . The Lancet study used data from the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey , whereas this one used CDC data . But note that the methodology for the CDC data was different from years past . For the 2011 survey , the CDC included cell phones for the first time . That means trouble for comparisons between this year 's results and surveys before it . Authors of the new report noted that in 1995 , Mississippi 's obesity rate , which led the nation at that time as well , was only 19.4 % , and that 20 years ago , no state was above 15 % . But these numbers were not determined the same way as the 2011 data . If this report 's projections are correct , the disease burden as a consequence is significant . Between 2010 and 2020 , new cases of Type 2 diabetes could increase tenfold ; so could stroke , coronary heart disease , hypertension and arthritis . The number of cases could double again by 2030 , the report said . "  If  we stay on the current track , we 're going to see unacceptably high rates of obesity , and more importantly , unacceptably high rates of diabetes , heart disease , stroke , obesity-related cancers , arthritis , that will really place a huge burden on our health care system , " said Jeff Levi , executive director of Trust for American Health . Other data have also suggested diabetes increases . A 2010 analysis from UnitedHealth Group 's Center for Health Reform and Modernization found that more than half of Americans will have diabetes or pre-diabetes by 2020 . The researchers said these diseases will account for nearly $ 500 billion in total health care spending . Current estimates suggest that the yearly medical cost of adult obesity today is between $ 147 billion and $ 210 billion , the study said . The report found that by 2030 , an extra $ 48 billion to $ 66 billion per year may be spent treating preventable diseases associated with obesity . Interventions But there is hope , if adults across America would reduce their body mass index , the report said . If the average body mass index were lowered by 5 % by 2030 , states could save billions of dollars while helping many people . That 's the equivalent of a 200-pound , 6-foot-tall person losing 10 pounds . "  We really are looking at two futures for America 's health , " Michelle Larkin , assistant vice president and deputy director for the Robert Wood Johnson Foundation 's Health Group , said at a news conference Tuesday . In this scenario , the report found , more than 100 cases of obesity-related cancer for every 100,000 people would be prevented in all states . Nearly 800,000 Californians would avoid diabetes , and about 660,000 Californians would avoid a stroke or coronary heart disease . And savings in health care costs could be between 6.5 % and 7.9 % in most states , the report said . The report recommends several policy interventions , such as increasing physical activity in schools , supporting healthy nutrition , putting in place new standards for school meals , and promoting preventive health care services . Larkin highlighted Philadelphia as a city that has shown a commitment to reducing obesity , and where efforts are paying off . A CDC report found that obesity among the city 's public school students has declined in recent years , although only from 21.5 % to 20.5 % . Philadelphia has implemented several initiatives over the last decade aimed at schoolchildren , including removing all sodas and drinks sweetened with sugar from vending machines , offering free breakfast to all students , and getting rid of fryers . The Food Trust , a Philadelphia-based nonprofit group , has been bringing supermarkets to communities that need them and ensuring that food stamps can be used at farmers ' markets . "  The city is the first to succeed in reducing disparities in obesity rates , " Larkin said . "  The city achieved the greatest achievements in  body mass index  among African-American males and Hispanic females , two groups that historically have experienced higher rates of obesity and related health problems . " California , Mississippi and New York City are also starting to show declines in childhood obesity rates , she said . FDA-approved diet drug Qsymia now available	CDC : Mississippi has highest rate of adult obesity New report : Every state may have adult obesity rates above 44 % by 2030 Some experts skeptical that it 's possible to predict the future of obesity in the country
It 's a truth of warfare in the digital era : Bullets and bombs often are augmented by status updates and tweets . The bloody conflict taking place in Iraq is no different . And Islamic State of Iraq and Syria , or ISIS , a terror group so extreme that al Qaeda has denounced it , is taking the lead with a social media propaganda war the likes of which has never been seen . From recruiting fighters to spreading word of their violent attacks , ISIS is taking to the Web in what analysts say is a more sophisticated manner than previous combatants . Perhaps as a result , Iraqis have been reporting widespread outages of social sites , a common refrain during recent unrest in the Middle East and elsewhere . CNN 's Nick Paton-Walsh in Turkey interviewed a defector from ISIS who said he used to recruit Westerners for the cause through direct messages on Twitter . Opinion : Will ISIS brutality backfire ? "  There was special treatment for the Europeans . One British guy said he was called Ibrahim , then told me he was from Manchester , " said the man , who said he left the movement after it killed two of his relatives . "  One asked my boss if he should fight in his own country or come to Syria . He was told , ` If God does n't give you martyrdom in Syria , ' then he could wage war in his own country . " The man , now in hiding , said he was part of a team that ran an online chat welcoming new recruits to ISIS . "  There are things I am allowed to answer and things I must ask my supervisor about , " he said . "  Specific questions about religion -- I have to get their permission to message anyone . I ca n't talk on Skype . Everything is written down so they can monitor everything . " As the Islamist group 's fight has moved from Syria to Iraq , that savvy Web strategy has expanded to include online video posts much slicker than the grainy , shaky clips that have popped up from al Qaeda and other terror groups . Recently , a slickly produced , hourlong ISIS video titled "  The Clanging of the Swords " surfaced , showcasing killings , roadside bombings and other acts of terror for which ISIS claimed credit . The video vividly displays these scenes in a style reminiscent of Hollywood efforts like "  The Hurt Locker " and "  Zero Dark Thirty , " complete with elaborate aerial shots . "  This is funded , " said Nadia Oweidat , a Middle East analyst . "  This is geopolitics . There is money behind it . It 's not just idiots ; these idiots have somebody controlling them and providing them with equipment that is very expensive . You ca n't just get it in a cave . " On another front , at least one analyst says ISIS was recently using a mobile app made available in Google 's Play Store to inflate its presence on social media . Called The Dawn of Glad Tidings , or just Dawn , the app was promoted as a way to keep up to date with news from ISIS . According to J.M. Berger , editor of national-security blog IntelWire , the Dawn app would post updates to users ' Twitter feeds . By midafternoon Tuesday , Google appeared to have removed the app from its store . Google did not immediately reply to a message seeking comment for this story . With the digital assault accompanying a ground offensive that saw ISIS fighting Tuesday just 40 miles north of Baghdad in the city of Baquba , access to social media has been disappearing across much of Iraq . There has been no confirmation that the Iraqi government is behind a blackout . But both Facebook and Twitter have reported a precipitous drop in the number of people in Iraq using their products in the past few days . "  Users in #Iraq are reporting issues accessing our service . We 're investigating their reports and we hope service will be restored quickly , " Twitter said on its global policy team 's account Friday . Facebook has issued a similar statement . "  We are disturbed by reports of access issues in Iraq and are investigating . Limiting access to Internet services -- essential for communication and commerce for millions of people -- is a matter of concern for the global community , " read a Facebook statement sent to CNN . Facebook 's internal numbers show that , since June 12 , the volume of visits to its site and apps were as low as 30 % of their normal volume in Iraq . There are no technical problems on its end , Facebook said . Web software firm Akamai reports that visits to Twitter in Iraq dramatically plummeted early Saturday . A Twitter spokesman said its internal traffic reports mirror Akamai 's . Iraqis have increasingly turned to Whisper , a mobile app that lets users post anonymous images , in an apparent effort to get around the social-media issues . Neetzan Zimmerman , Whisper 's editor in chief , told CNNMoney that Whisper usage in Iraq more than doubled between June 12 and June 15 . During Arab Spring uprisings in places like Egypt and Iran , as well as more recent conflicts in places like Syria , unrest has been met with Internet outages and the blocking of social media sites . In virtually all cases , the opposition has accused sitting governments , who control their nation 's Internet infrastructure , of blocking access to make coordination more difficult and keep news of the conflicts from spreading . MAPS : Crisis in Iraq	A well-orchestrated social media war is accompanying fighting in Iraq Islamic State of Iraq and Syria recruits terror fighters on Twitter Online videos showing group 's attacks are glossy , high-quality Google appears to have banned app used by ISIS to spread news
Kathmandu , Nepal  CNN  -- A Tibetan man set himself on fire in front of a famous Buddhist shrine in the Nepalese capital on Wednesday , police said , becoming the latest Tibetan to adopt this harrowing form of protest over Chinese rule . Read more : The politics of Tibetan self-immolations The man , believed to be in his early 20s , came out of a nearby restaurant doused in petrol and set himself alight in front of the revered Boudhanath Stupa in Kathmandu , said Keshav Adhikari , a police spokesman . "  The whole of his body is burnt , " Adhikari said , adding that the Tibetan was not able to communicate when he was taken to a hospital for treatment . Authorities are still trying to identify the man . Read more : China sentences 2 Tibetans over self-immolations Self-immolation has become a dramatic and desperate form of protest in recent years for ethnic Tibetans unhappy with Chinese rule . Tibetan advocacy groups say the number of self-immolations by Tibetans inside China since February 2009 stood at 99 at the end of January . Several others have set themselves on fire in other countries , including India . Opinion : Tibetans reject Chinese rule with one voice Self-immolation began as a form of protest among Tibetans in China in February 2009 , when a young monk set himself ablaze . In March 2011 , another young monk followed in his footsteps , becoming the first to die . Scores of others have since followed suit . Independently verifying the reported self-immolations inside China is often difficult because of restrictions on reporting from the restive areas and the reluctance of local officials to comment on the accounts provided by foreign-based Tibetan advocacy groups . Beijing has taken a tough line on the protesters and their associates , accusing the Dalai Lama , the exiled Tibetan spiritual leader , of fomenting unrest inside Chinese borders . Read more : How many more Tibetans will sacrifice themselves ? Last month , a court in southwestern China gave heavy sentences to two ethnic Tibetans convicted of murder for "  inciting " people to set themselves of fire . The Dalai Lama , who fled to India in 1959 after a failed uprising , has long denied China 's assertion that he 's seeking Tibetan independence . He says he wants only enough autonomy to protect their traditional Buddhist culture . Beijing rejects accusations of oppression , saying that under its rule , living standards have greatly improved for the Tibetan people . It makes centuries-old historical claims on the region .	"  The whole of his body is burnt , " a police spokesman says The man doused himself in petrol and set himself on fire near a shrine Dozens of Tibetans have self-immolated in recent years to protest Chinese rule
Washington  CNN  -- Sen. Lisa Murkowski of Alaska Wednesday declared victory over fellow Republican Joe Miller in the nation 's last Senate race , saying the result of her write-in candidacy was a "  miracle . " "  Against all odds , we as Alaskans together made history , " Murkowski told cheering supporters in Anchorage . If she prevails in a potential challenge , Murkowski would become the second person to ever win a write-in bid for the U.S. Senate . Murkowski 's statement was the climax in the state 's bitter and prolonged Senate battle . It was essentially a triumphant declaration of beating back a three-pronged attack : from Miller , from the Tea Party Express , and from Sarah Palin . "  We 've said all along , we 'll wait for the votes to be counted , " Murkowski Campaign Manager Kevin Sweeney told CNN . "  By any standard , this was a clear victory . This was a whuppin ' , " Sweeney added . Currently , Alaska 's Division of Elections is counting 100,868 votes for Murkowski versus 90,448 for Miller . By that count , Murkowski leads by 10,420 . However , 8,153 of Murkowski 's votes have been contested by the Miller campaign . If , as Miller 's side would like , all of those contested votes are thrown out -- an almost impossible scenario to many election and legal observers -- Murkowski would still win the race with the uncontested votes alone . "  You can see that the numbers just wo n't add up , " Sweeney told CNN , referring to Miller 's hopes of pulling out a win despite the rising tide against him . The Associated Press has called the race for Murkowski . If the outcome stands in the face of legal challenges , despite a count of any outstanding ballots or a potential recount from Miller , it would be only the second time a person won a write-in campaign for the Senate . Strom Thurmond of South Carolina won a write-in campaign in 1954 . At this point , Miller is conceding nothing . In an interview with Neil Cavuto on Fox News , Miller said he is "  less cautiously optimistic " given the vote tallies . But Miller was emphatic about ensuring the integrity of the vote-counting process , asserting that the difference was "  less than 1 percent . " He said he may request a recount , that he wants to ensure that some military ballots were mailed out , and that the difference between his votes and Murkowski 's may shift if a "  consistent standard " for evaluating the write-in ballots is applied . Evaluating the write-in ballots has been controversial . As Alaska 's Division of Elections tallied them , some ballots that contained misspellings or variations of "  Lisa Murkowski " have been credited as votes for her . That issue of evaluating a "  voter 's intent " has infuriated the Miller campaign , prompting it to launch a federal lawsuit in hopes of annulling the count of misspelled or incongruous ballots . Miller 's campaign blasted the Division of Elections ' standards as "  extraordinarily ambiguous . " A Miller loss would be a huge slap to Sarah Palin and the Tea Party Express . Palin endorsed Miller over Murkowski for the state 's GOP Senate primary , and the national Tea Party group followed suit . Murkowski lost the primary in August -- and conceded the race . Shortly after , Murkowski launched a write-in bid to retain her seat . Murkowski was first appointed to her post by her father , then-Gov . Frank Murkowski , in 2002 . Palin defeated him in the 2006 GOP gubernatorial primary . CNN 's Kristi Kreck contributed to this report .	Murkowski thanks Alaskans for helping make history She ran as write-in candidate after losing primary to Joe Miller Miller is backed by Tea Party Express
Two people have been killed and 45 others were wounded when clashes broke out during anti-government protests in Thailand 's capital , an official said . Pornthep Saeheng , from the city 's Erawan emergency center , gave CNN the updated toll -- which was double the number reported on Saturday , when the violence occurred . At least one of those killed was a university student who was shot inside Ramkhmhaeng University , according to a spokesman for the center . The incident occurred on the same day that 2,000 members of the armed forces were called in to protect government buildings after demonstrators stormed a number of them , according to Lt. Gen. Paradon Pattanathabut . Saturday 's violence came after weeks of heightened tensions . On Friday , hundreds of protesters stormed army headquarters in Bangkok to demand help overthrowing the government led by Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra . Yingluck 's critics accuse her of being the puppet of her brother , Thaksin Shinawatra , a telecommunications tycoon and former premier who was ousted in a 2006 coup . Yingluck denied that charge in an interview with CNN 's Anna Coren on Friday . Yingluck survived a no-confidence vote in parliament Thursday . "  The government is ready to open a space for dialogue , " the embattled prime minister said in a brief televised statement after the vote . She added that officials were willing to "  listen to all voices of people , including those who are still occupying the governmental offices . " But a spokesman for Yingluck 's Pheu Thai Party said she would not resign or dissolve the parliament . "  She will stay in power , " Prompong Nopparit said . Thaksin was a polarizing figure who was removed from power by the military in 2006 , while he was in New York . Except for a brief return in 2008 , he has lived in exile since . Thai courts have convicted him of corruption and sentenced him in absentia to two years in prison . Courts have also frozen billions of dollars of his assets , but he is believed to still have a great deal of money held elsewhere . On Monday , protesters in Bangkok stormed the finance ministry building and converted it into a command center . The protests started as a response to a government-backed amnesty bill that could have extended a pardon to Thaksin Shinawatra and opened the door for his return to Thailand . The Thai senate rejected the bill on November 11 , but opposition demonstrators have called since then for Yingluck 's government to be replaced . At various points during the past few days , demonstrators have surrounded the foreign ministry , the agriculture ministry and the interior ministry . Yingluck had said authorities will "  absolutely not use violence " to disperse the demonstrators . But the situation is delicate after Thai police issued an arrest warrant against protest leader Suthep Thaugsuban . On Thursday , protesters pulled down electricity wires to the National Police Headquarters . The protests evoke the 2010 clashes in Bangkok between security forces and Thaksin supporters who demanded his return . Some 90 people , many of them civilians , were killed .	The death toll is double what was reported the day earlier Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra survived a no-confidence vote in parliament Throngs of protesters are seeking her ouster
CNN  -- Trayvon Martin should be remembered as a happy , smiling teenager , says his soft-spoken older brother . Martin , 17 , was an honors student with his own college dreams , according to Jahvaris Fulton . But Martin 's life ended on February 26 in Sanford , Florida , during an encounter with neighborhood watch volunteer George Zimmerman . "  He probably was going to be someone , " Fulton , in an interview aired Friday night on CNN 's "  AC360 , " said of Martin . Fulton humorously recalled Martin 's first time riding on a horse . "  His horse had some problems . It wanted to be a bully to everybody else 's horse . He  Martin  handled it . He was the first one to learn how to control him . " Martin was shot and killed eight days after that trip . Fulton recalled speaking with his mother , Sybrina Fulton , after learning of Martin 's death . Attorney : Zimmerman ` stressed ' about charges "  I just paused because I did n't believe it , " Fulton told HLN legal analyst Sunny Hostin . "  I did n't understand it , either . " The older brother said he was confused by the circumstances . "  Everything I heard was from Zimmerman 's perspective , " Fulton said . "  It did n't sound like my brother at all .  That  my brother attacked him and did all this stuff . It does n't sound like him at all . He was n't confrontational or violent . " Zimmerman was charged Wednesday with second-degree murder in Martin 's death . Zimmerman , who is Hispanic , has said he killed Martin , an unarmed black teenager , in self-defense after the teen punched him and slammed his head on a sidewalk . But Fulton said his reading of the evidence and 911 tapes indicated Martin "  tried to get away from the situation . He was n't violent . For him to actually jump on someone he does n't even know , to me that 's not him . He 's smarter than that . " Defense attorney Mark O'Mara has asked that there be no rush to judgment . "  Nobody , after all , wanted Trayvon Martin to be prejudged as he was walking down that street , " he said Thursday . "  I ask you not to prejudge George Zimmerman , and please do not prejudge the criminal justice system . It 's going to work . We just need to let it work . " Fulton said he wants to see changes in Florida 's "  stand your ground " laws , which allow people to use deadly force if they feel a reasonable threat of death or serious injury . "  Someone should n't be able to murder someone and walk away , " said Fulton .	Trayvon Martin was a happy teenager , older brother says He tells "  AC360 " his brother was n't violent , confrontational They went horseback riding a week before Trayvon died George Zimmerman claims he acted in self-defense
EW.com  -- Juan Pablo 's time as "  The Bachelor " has finally come to a close , and despite the season 's weird and fairly unsatisfactory ending , it actually provided us with a few solid "  Bachelorette " options . If I 'm being honest , my first choice for the next "  Bachelorette " was single mother Renee , a.k.a. the most refreshingly normal "  Bachelor " contestant in the show 's history . But after she revealed her current "  situation " of happiness during the "  Women Tell All " special , I jumped to my second choice : Andi . That being said , I also would 've watched a season that followed the adventures of Kelly and Molly , and after last night 's finale , I actually would n't mind watching Clare search for love .  Yes , I said it .  And lastly , Sharleen is just so weird that I 'd watch her season as well . ` The Bachelorette ' : See full coverage But as we all learned last night , Andi Dorfman is the lucky lady about to embark on her own adventure to find love  and a worthwhile visit to the fantasy suite  . Some people love the choice â $ " me â $ " and others hate it . Then there are those who just do n't know what to expect . Here 's how I think Andi 's season will unfold  and why it will be entertaining to watch  : Ali , meet DeAnna : For starters , if I had to compare Andi to previous "  Bachelorettes , " I 'd say we can expect something along the lines of a mix between Ali Fedotowsky and DeAnna Pappas . Andi is smart , and she seems to have her feet planted firmly on the ground . Most importantly , she 's also very strong . Honestly , leaving Juan Pablo post-fantasy suite is one of the reasons I like her so much . She knows what she wants , or at least what she does n't want , and she 's not hesitant to act on that . I keep thinking back to that time Ali all but chased Jonathan down until he would confront her about having a girlfriend back home . Ali was n't taking any crap , and I think Andi will approach this season in the same way . ` The Bachelor ' : See full coverage No more drama  for the most part  : From what we 've seen of Andi 's fun side , she 's got a great sense of humor . What I liked most about her relationship with Juan Pablo early on was how they made fun of each other . And we can also assess her personality from the fact that all the women in the house seemed to love her . The only drama surrounding Andi involved her decision to leave , which was valid . Papa Dorfman for the win : But let 's not forget the thing that 's going to play a big role in her season : Her father . Confession time ? I love Andi 's dad . He was the perfect mix of total softie and tough guy . I can not wait for Andi to introduce these new fellas to her family . Andi-isms : Looking back on Juan Pablo 's season , I love that Andi was the girl who brought a one-piece to the house . She 's also the girl who brought Juan Pablo to a shooting range . No matter what , she 's going to be herself , and she genuinely does n't seem to be on television for the press â $ " she 's an attorney , for goodness sake . Horrible dancing : You know that some guy is going to make her dance with him , and we all know how awful  yet charming  that will be . Honestly , I think Andi is the type of person I would be friends with . I think she 's relatively easygoing , and I am going to thoroughly enjoy watching her facial expressions when , inevitably , some guy tries to win her over with a cheesy line or a striptease or something . All in all , I foresee it being a normal , perfectly pleasant season ... so long as she does n't slowly start offending the entire country with off-camera conversations . See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Andi Dorfman is the new "  Bachelorette " Some people are thrilled with the pick , while others are n't so sure The author believes she 'll bring some normalcy to the series
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- A watchdog group critical of pork barrel spending released its latest findings Wednesday targeting the top Congressional "  porkers . " Some of the pork projects , according to the group , include a Lobster Institute ; the Rocky Flats , Colorado , Cold War Museum ; and the First Tee , a program to build young people 's character through golf . Members of Congress requested funds for all these pet projects and thousands of others last year , according to the latest copy of the annual "  Pig Book " released by Citizens Against Government Waste . "  Congress stuffed 11,610 projects " worth $ 17.2 billion into a dozen spending bills , the group said in the report released Wednesday . The "  Pig Book " names dozens of what the citizens group considers the most egregious porkers , the lawmakers who funnel money to projects on their home turf . Interactive : Pork barrel spending " Sen. Thad Cochran of Mississippi , the top Republican on the Senate Appropriations Committee , requested the most money , $ 892.2 million , according to the group . In a statement to CNN , Cochran said he does n't "  accept the premise " of the group 's claim that "  any and all federal spending not specifically requested by the Executive Branch is wasteful and irresponsible . " "  The Congress is vested with the power to appropriate funds to be spent by the federal government by the U. S. Constitution . We will continue to carry out that responsibility with care and a commitment to serve the public interest , " he said . "  There were several candidates for the Narcissist Award , " Tom Schatz , the president of the group said . Read the group 's 2008 report "  But this one went to House Ways and Means Chairman Charlie Rangel for the Charles Rangel Public Service Center at the City College of New York -- $ 1,950,000 -LSB- for a project -RSB- that he named after himself . " Rangel , a Democrat from New York , said last summer he was "  honored that City College chose to have my name attached to what is an important project , not just for the residents of my congressional district , but for New York City and this nation . " Some lawmakers defended their earmarks , such as Rep. Mike Thompson , D-California , who channeled $ 742,764 to olive fruit fly research . "  The olive fruit fly has infested thousands of California olive groves and is the single largest threat to the U.S. olive and olive oil industries , " he said . Schatz responded that his organization is criticizing the way lawmakers direct money to specific projects , not the projects themselves . "  There are existing programs for virtually everything in the ` Pig Book . ' If members -LSB- of Congress -RSB- believe they should be given additional funding , give them to the agencies rather than to specific projects , " he said . The problem with earmarks , he said , is that "  we do n't know if -LSB- the projects -RSB- are valuable or not . " Rep. Jim Clyburn , D-South Carolina , the third ranking Democrat in the House , defended his earmark for a program that funds a youth golf program for children on U.S. military bases . "  It 's a character building program , that seems to be working well for low income kids and that 's why we do it throughout the United States of America . I just feel that children living on military installations ought to have this program as well , " Clyburn told CNN . Clyburn also defended the practice of earmarking federal funds . "  I can name earmark after earmark , there 's absolutely nothing wrong with congresspeople responding to their constituents and funding programs that they feel are necessary to improve the quality of life of the people who live in their districts . " Clyburn also raised questions about the group releasing the "  Pig Book " saying , "  they 're not telling the truth about this earmark no more than them telling the truth about where they get their money from . The committee against government waste is n't against government waste . " He cited press reports from the St. Petersburg Times that the Committee Against Government Waste received money from the tobacco industry and other private groups to lobby Congress . Both parties came in for criticism , with the Democrats , who control both houses of Congress , topping the Republicans in spending . The Democrats were behind 5,199 projects worth $ 5.5 billion , while the Republicans earmarked 3,408 projects worth $ 4.4 billion , the citizen 's group said . And in a sign bipartisanship is not dead , the two parties jointly backed 2,518 projects worth $ 3.8 billion . Interactive : Map of pork per capita by state " The three senators running for president were not among the top targets of criticism , and one got an entirely clean bill from the watchdog group . "  Sen. -LSB- Barack -RSB- Obama had 53 earmarks worth $ 97 million dollars , and Sen. -LSB- Hillary -RSB- Clinton had 281 earmarks worth $ 296 million . Sen. Obama recently said he would not request any project for this upcoming fiscal year , " said Tom Schatz , the president of Citizens Against Government Waste . "  And of course Sen. -LSB- John -RSB- McCain has never requested them and he wo n't be doing so in 2009 . So now the question is if Sen. Clinton will join the other major candidates in saying that she will not request any earmarks for 2009 . " To qualify for the Pig Book , a project must meet at least one of these standards : it was requested by only one chamber of Congress ; was not specifically authorized ; was not competitively awarded ; was not requested by the president ; greatly exceeded the president 's budget request or the previous year 's funding ; was not the subject of congressional hearings ; or served only a local or special interests . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Ed Hornick and Deirdre Walsh contributed to this report .	NEW : GOP Sen. Thad Cochran , Democrat Rep. Jim Clyburn respond to report Citizens Against Government Waste releases annual pork spending report Some of the biggest pork projects , according to the group , include a Lobster Institute Democrats were behind 5,199 projects , while Republicans were behind 3,408
CNN  -- Three-time finalist Andy Roddick has been knocked out of Wimbledon after an epic five-setter against unseeded Yen-Hsun Lu of Taiwan on Monday . The American fifth seed , who came very close to beating Roger Federer in last year 's final , went down 4-6 , 7-6 , 7-6 , 6-7 , 9-7 in the fourth round at the All England Club . Lu , ranked 82 in the world , becomes Asia 's first grand slam quarterfinalist since Japan 's Shuzo Masuoka back in 1995 . He had never previously got beyond the second round at Wimbledon in six attempts . "  He had a game plan , he stuck to it , and he deserved to win more than I did , " Roddick told the official Wimbledon website . Elsewhere , it was a day of serene progress for the men 's top seeds with Federer , Rafael Nadal and Andy Murray all winning in straight sets . Federer remains on course for a seventh Wimbledon title after beating Austria 's Jurgen Melzer 6-3 6-2 6-3 in just 85 minutes to reach the quarterfinals . The Swiss world number two will face Czech 12th seed Tomas Berdych in the last eight . "  I felt great . It was always going to be a tough match against Jurgen , " Federer told AFP . "  I think my form 's good now and that 's what I really care about . I know how to win here and that 's a great advantage for me . " World number one Nadal , taken to five sets in his two previous matches , defeated Paul-Henri Mathieu of France 6-4 6-2 6-2 . Fourth seed Murray remains the only man yet to drop a set at the tournament after defeating Sam Querrey of the U.S. 7-5 6-3 6-4 in the fourth round . Murray will meet Jo-Wilfried Tsonga in the quarters after the Frenchman overcame his compatriot Julien Benneteau in four sets . Elsewhere , third seed Novak Djokovic defeated 2002 champion Lleyton Hewitt in four sets . The Serb complained of sickness in the third set and had to take medication before recovering to knock out the Australian . "  We both expected a long and difficult match , " said Djokovic . "  We played a long match here three years ago and it was something similar this time . It could have gone either way but I played the right shots at the right time . " French Open finalist Robin Soderling of Sweden needed five sets to defeat Spain 's ninth seed David Ferrer 6-2 5-7 6-2 3-6 7-5 .	Andy Roddick loses to Yen-Hsun Lu in five sets to crash out of Wimbledon Roger Federer , Andy Murray and Rafael Nadal advance to quarterfinals in straight sets Novak Djokovic overcomes illness to defeat Lleyton Hewitt in four sets
Reno , Nevada  CNN  -- A man who once appeared discreetly as a stunt pilot in movies became the center of national attention after a crash at a Nevada air show . Jimmy Leeward is presumed dead after the Friday crash . The 74-year-old owned Leeward Ranch , a pilot community in Ocala , Florida . The 500-acre gated community features plane enthusiasts who build custom homes on lots that include hangars . The community has a runway so that people can fly from their homes . "  The vision was to have a variety of great airplanes , a variety of great pilots , " Leeward said in a documentary about his ranch . "  And a place where everybody could really have a lot of fun . I wanted that as part of my vision to be something that was just like my father had in the 1930s . " Leeward started building the community in the 1980s with his sons and it has grown to more than 170 homes . Some residents left condolences on Leeward 's Facebook page . His family also left a message on the page . "  Dear friends , we are deeply saddened by the tragedy at the air race today . Please join us in praying at this time for all the families affected , " the message said . Leeward , was flying a P-51 Mustang in a Reno air race Friday , when he lost control and crashed . Some witnesses are crediting him with using his flying skills to help limit the number of people injured . ' I was ... preparing to die , ' witness at Nevada air race crash says "  I think he was trying to do whatever he could right up to the end , " said Fred Scholz , a witness . "  I could hear the engine ... I thought he was coming in on top of us . Instead , he missed us by about 100 feet and went out into the box area in front of us . " Leeward , a son of a pilot , said that he was raised in airports . He worked as a stunt pilot in several films , including "  Amelia " and "  The Tuskegee Airmen . " He had been part of the Reno air race since 1975 , said Mike Houghton , president of the Reno Air Racing Association . "  He was very active in aviation . He did a lot of stunt flying for movies , " he said . "  He was a close personal friend . Well liked . Great guy . Great family man . "	Leeward , 74 , is presumed dead after the Friday crash He owns Leeward Ranch , a pilot community in Ocala , Florida He once worked as a stunt pilot in movies
CNN  -- Spanish international striker David Villa suffered a broken leg as European Champions Barcelona brushed aside Qatari side Al Sadd 4-0 Thursday to reach the final of the FIFA Club World Cup . Villa fractured his left tibia while trying to latch on to an Andres Iniesta through ball after 34 minutes of the semifinal clash in Japan 's Toyota City and was carried off on a stretcher . Spanish champions Barca will come up against Santos in Sunday 's final after the Brazilian team beat Japan 's Kashiwa Reysol 3-1 Wednesday . Barca sealed their comprehensive victory with a brace from full-back Adriano and strikes from Mali 's Seydou Keita and Brazilian Maxwell . Santos cruise into Club World Cup final Villa was restored to the starting line-up by coach Pep Guardiola having recently lost his place in the team to Alexis Sanchez , with the Chilean preferred for last weekend 's "  El Clasico " victory over archrivals Real Madrid . Sanchez arrived from Udinese in July , but saw the start of his Barca career hampered by a hamstring injury . The 22-year-old 's recovery and return to the first team has prompted speculation over Villa 's future with the Catalan giants . The 30-year-old has found the net just five times in 15 Spanish La Liga appearances this season and now faces a lengthy period on the sidelines . A later statement on the Barcelona official website confirmed the bad news : "  Villa will return to Barcelona , via Frankfurt , to be operated on . He will be accompanied by doctor Ricard Pruna and Manel Estiarte . The approximate time he will be sidelined is between four and five months . " Barca coach Guardiola added : : "  He will be greatly missed as a colleague and as a player . I hope everything goes well . "  He will be out for a long time . It 's a big blow to the team . We just hope that he can play again as soon as possible . " In that time frame , Villa could also face a race against time to be fit to take his place for Spain as they defend their title at Euro 2012 in Ukraine and Poland in June . Barca never looked like losing to Asian Champions League winners Al Sadd and took the lead when Adriano pounced on an error by goalkeeper Mohamed Saqr to bundle the ball home after 25 minutes . CNN Blog : Is Roberto Mancini the right man for Man City ? Adriano doubled his and Barca 's tally two minutes before half time , latching onto Thiago 's pass to hammer his shot beyond a helpless Saqr . The second half continued in the same vein as the first , with Barca dominant . The third goal arrived with 26 minutes to go , Argentina star Lionel Messi slipping a perfect pass through for Keita to finish . Spain midfielder Thiago was once again involved in the fourth and final goal , the 20-year-old playing in Maxwell who fired a shot into the bottom corner . Barca will be looking to claim the title for the second time in three years , having beaten Argentina 's Estudiantes to the crown in 2009 .	Barcelona and Spain striker David Villa breaks his leg Villa sustains the injury in Barca 's 4-0 Club World Cup defeat of Al Sadd European champions Barca will face Brazilian side Santos in Sunday 's final Adrian scores twice in the easy win for the Catalan giants
CNN  -- An elderly couple survived a bear attack in rural British Columbia , and authorities are hunting for the animal . The attack , near the southeastern city of Kimberley , apparently happened Sunday while a husband and wife were out on an afternoon walk , Royal Canadian Mounted Police spokesperson Sgt. Laurie Jalbert said . The woman was walking in front when she encountered a brown bear and cubs who were near a dead deer . The bear turned on the woman , Jalbert said , and her husband tried to help her . The bear then turned on him and began attacking him , then turned back to her . Somehow the couple managed to fight the animal off , and it left , Jalbert said . The husband is in his 80s . The wife is in her 60s . Both were rushed to Foothills Medical Centre in Calgary and remain in stable condition . Both have head wounds and bites on their arms and legs . Jalbert said authorities believe the bear was a grizzly , but the husband said he thought it might be a black bear . If a bear is determined to have attacked someone , often it is put down , Jalbert said . During this time of year in that area , bears are starting to hibernate . Because this bear has cubs , it may be out of its den longer to gather food , Jalbert said .	Couple out for walk survives bear attack near Kimberley , British Columbia The husband , in his 80s , tried to help his wife , in her 60s , but the bear turned on him Conservation authorities are looking for the bear , police say , and it may be put down
CNN  -- Politics is a contact sport , and presidents tend to get tackled on every play , even the ones they 've executed perfectly . There is no better example than the criticism being hurled at President Obama for the killing of Osama bin Laden . It was a daring mission , fraught with peril for the Navy SEALs , but also full of political danger for Obama . Had the attempt failed , Obama would have faced the same kind of political and policy disaster that confronted President Jimmy Carter after his helicopter rescue attempt of the Iran hostages crashed in April 1980 . Everyone would have second-guessed Obama , just as they did Carter , who lost re-election six months later . Instead , bin Laden was eliminated , the SEALs became instant heroes and the nation rejoiced . Americans approved of the raid overwhelmingly , and Obama got a much needed , though brief , job approval spike in the polls . At the time , even Obama 's fiercest foes gave him a salute for making the right , tough choice . Fast forward a year . Now President Obama is being reproached for taking too much credit for the success during his re-election campaign . Sen. John McCain called it "  cheap " and "  a pathetic , political act of self-congratulation . " Democrats responded by questioning whether Mitt Romney would have gone after bin Laden , since he had criticized the expenditure of so much money to catch one person . Romney retorted that of course he would have grabbed bin Laden , adding that "  even Jimmy Carter would have given that order . " America 's emotional high point in the last couple of years has become just one more partisan football . Too bad . It would have been nice if that special moment of justice for bin Laden had remained above politics . Perhaps President Obama and the Democrats have overdone the "  self-congratulation . " But did Republicans think Obama 's most clear-cut achievement in his first term would go unmentioned ? A campaign team that did n't focus on the key unifying event in Obama 's entire presidency should be sued for political malpractice . The old rule still applies : A president should get the credit for all the good things , and must take the blame for all the bad things that happen on his watch . Politicians are not shrinking violets , least of all presidents . Naturally , Obama and his staff have capitalized fully on bin Laden and will continue to do so all the way to November . Instead of trying to diminish the accomplishment , Republicans would be better off conceding the point , congratulating Obama , and making the argument that the bin Laden mission was the exception that proves their contention that the president has failed to do what he promised in other spheres . Is the country better off economically ? Most Americans do n't seem happy with the weak recovery , which is the real issue that Romney will focus on in his pursuit of electoral victory . Obama promised a much stronger rebound after passage of his economic stimulus program , and he should be held to account for that . Similarly , Obama 's health care legislation -- controversial from the start -- has remained consistently unpopular , to judge by the polls , and is a legitimate target for the GOP . A political party enhances its credibility if it mixes praise for something done well with criticism for the inadequacies that , in its view , should lead voters in a new direction . In our hyper-partisan era , political figures and both parties seem to be permanently stuck in petty attack mode , to their own detriment . The bin Laden success also illustrates an irony we should appreciate . The 2008 conventional wisdom about Obama was wrong . He was expected to be an effective domestic policy leader , but his lack of foreign policy experience meant he would n't know what to do when he got that dreaded 3 a.m. phone call . The reality of Obama 's presidency has been the opposite . Domestically , Obama has failed to revitalize the economy to the satisfaction of most voters , and his divisive health care and energy proposals increased partisanship in Congress and around the country . Yet in foreign policy , he can tout many successes , from the ending of the disliked Iraq War and the scaling back in Afghanistan to the overthrow of Moammar Gadhafi and the flowering of democracy in several Middle East nations . What parts of our current conventional wisdom about Obama and Romney are misguided ? Since the future is unknowable , perhaps our projections should be less definitive and more tentative , if not humble . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Larry J. Sabato .	President Obama has been criticized for touting his success in killing Osama bin Laden Larry Sabato : Obama 's campaign should capitalize on the president 's achievement He says Republicans are better off picking on other issues Sabato : Defying expectations , Obama has more success in foreign policy than domestic
CNN  -- "  For architects , perfection is necessary , " said Japanese architect Kengo Kuma . "  It is my mission to use the kindness and delicateness that old architecture had . I believe that this mission is not easy to complete . So I am planning to work until I fall down . " With nearly 60 projects on the go across the world , Kuma 's search for perfection is all consuming ; he rarely takes a day off from work and sometimes even finished projects are analyzed and amended . The 55-year-old from Tokyo has become synonymous with delicate simplicity and sensitivity to a building 's surrounding . From the Great  Bamboo  Wall House located near the Great Wall of China outside of Beijing to the Suntory Museum of Art in Tokyo , Kuma has employed natural materials that complement a building 's location to great acclaim . View the gallery of Kuma 's spectacular buildings "  I try to catch the atmosphere of the place where we build the house . We try to find out how the people live there and what kind of materials they use . After we find out the atmosphere of the place , we will think how we can relate that with the architecture . " Using mostly glass and Chinese bamboo to make the house by the Great Wall , it comfortably blended into the natural surroundings , but the Suntory Museum of Art , completed in 2007 presented different challenges . "  Usually , a building in a massive developed area tends to be a sad building . However , I wanted to make a building which is warm and could feel a human 's touch . To make that ideal building , I used natural material such as Japanese paper and paulownia -LSB- wood -RSB- . I wanted to take back the human element even if the building was inside the city . " Much of modern architecture is often unfairly portrayed as lacking that human element , but Kuma 's focus on retrieving and remaining Japanese traditions in architecture has gone some way to dispel that myth . It is a far cry from his initial architectural fascination with concrete , in part inspired by the Olympic stadium designed by Kenzo Tange for the 1964 Games in Tokyo . "  I learned that architecture can impress people . If the Olympics were not held in Tokyo , I might not have become an architect , " he told CNN . If Tange 's buildings for the Olympics were responsible for sparking Kuma 's imagination , he 's followed a different path in his career . After earning a master 's degree in architecture from The University of Tokyo in 1979 and further study at Columbia University in New York , he returned to Japan in 1986 -- a boom time for architects . "  People who were only about 30-years-old could design a building . It was an era of post-modernism and a lot of young people were making outstanding buildings during that time . " But the economic recession hit Japan in 1992 and it had a profound impact on Kuma 's life and changed his attitude to architecture . "  I did n't have a job in Tokyo for 10 years . I was designing small buildings in the countryside . I worked with a craftsman and studied how to use natural materials in those 10 years . From this experience , I learned the great aspects of Japanese traditional architecture . I started to design traditional Japanese architecture and foreign people took notice of the design , " he said . "  I think the cities of Japan are a bit damaged by the concrete buildings , " Kuma added . "  Because of the sub-prime issue and now another economic crisis , I feel this is again a good opportunity for architects to design buildings slowly . " In focusing taking a more holistic approach to his craft , Kuma has promoted the humanizing elements of architecture and its ability of improve people 's lives . It 's an approach that he has likened to making sushi . "  There are two important things to make sushi . One is the material and the other is the skill ... For sushi , both the power of the material and skill is important and their balance is very important . "  I believe that this balance is what people want , " Kuma continued . "  People and society are seeking the thing like sushi for the architecture and their city . A variety of people are interested in Japanese architecture and traditions and this is parallel to why sushi is popular in Western country . "	Japanese architect has popularized sensitive Japanese traditions in buildings Has works across the world including museums and private residences "  Architecture is like sushi : balance of material and skill is very important "
CNN  -- Just about everyone who worked to build the new Interstate Highway 35W bridge in Minneapolis , Minnesota , knew that their project would never be "  just a bridge . " It would never occupy the same category as thousands of other concrete and steel behemoths that millions of American drivers thoughtlessly cross every day . On August 1 , 2007 , the deaths of 13 people and the injuries of 145 others made sure of that . On that Wednesday evening , unforgettable live video showed cars and trucks tossed into the Mississippi River like toys amid the massive wreckage of the original I-35W bridge , which had somehow collapsed while thousands commuted home from work . Three years later , family transformed by bridge disaster The tragedy left Americans wondering about the safety of bridges and tunnels in their hometowns . Later , the tragedy threw a world of attention on the new bridge that would be built in its place . The new bridge , completed in September 2008 , is expected to stand for 100 years . "  That 's got to be the safest bridge in America , right ? " joked a Minneapolis resident this week . Alan Phipps , leader of the team that designed the new bridge , chuckles when he hears those kinds of comments . "  I 'd say there 's a lot of truth to that , " he said during a phone conversation this week at his Florida office at FIGG Engineering Group . Builders and designers completed the 10-lane Interstate bridge three months ahead of schedule at a price of $ 233.8 million . "  It was pretty amazing , " said Phipps of the marathon project . "  I paid for it with a lot of my hair and so did a lot of other people . " Although stylish curved piers and a bright white color mark a visual departure from its predecessor , it 's what 's baked into the bridge that makes it truly unusual . Three-hundred-twenty-three high-technology sensors dot the structure , spitting out a constant stream of data regularly analyzed by engineers at nearby University of Minnesota . At a total cost of about $ 1 million including wire connections and power sources , the sensors do n't eliminate the need for visual inspections , but they do provide an extra layer of maintenance security . The sensors monitor corrosion , stress and the movement of the bridge from the constant traffic . "  The fiber-optic strain gauge technology is fairly cutting edge , " said Phipps . "  A tiny beam of light is used to measure very small differences in the movement of the bridge when vehicles pass over . " Sorry , no flashing red lights or alarms go off when the sensors register something unusual , Phipps said , chuckling . If the fiber-optic sensors show changes in the bridge 's movement , data analysts would order a visual inspection , said Phipps , perhaps heading off structural damage that might pose a threat to the people crossing overhead . Less sophisticated strain gauges made of eight-inch pieces of wire measure more specific changes in the bridge 's movements . "  It 's like going to the doctor 's office and having tests done . If something comes up different , then the doctor takes a closer look . " The sensors are wired to a power source and data flows through wires to a nearby computer . The computer is hooked up to fiber-optic cables leading to DOT and University of Minnesota networks . The analytical data can be remotely accessed online on an interface that displays it in tables of numbers , charts and graphs . Another sensor embedded in the bridge looks like a big fork , said Phipps . This one constantly monitors for possible corrosion . Each prong in the fork is embedded at a different depth in the concrete . A power source sends electricity through the sensor . The amount of electricity passing through the sensor indicates the potential for corrosion on the bridge . Security sensors also have been built into the new bridge to guard against terrorist attacks . Infrared cameras and other technology monitor for unauthorized activity in sensitive areas of the structure , including doors to equipment chambers . National horror stemming from the collapse prompted the U.S. transportation secretary to urge all states to immediately inspect about 750 bridges of the same design nationwide . By law , states must inspect bridges like the one on I-35W every two years . A yearlong investigation by the National Transportation Safety Board blamed the bridge collapse on support plates that were too thin and increased weight on the bridge due to construction equipment . The NTSB recommended nine improvements to state and federal highway officials regarding inspections and how bridge designs are reviewed . If sensors had been installed on the old bridge , would they have provided enough warning to prevent disaster ? "  Maybe , maybe not , " said Phipps . "  This sensor system was designed expressly for this type of bridge . The old bridge would have used a different kind of system , so it 's hard to say . " Sensors allow an added layer of security to regularly scheduled visual inspections . "  If the sensor gives off a reading that 's "  really crazy , then you could go out to the bridge that day and take a look . " But each bridge owner must weigh the costs and benefits of including high-tech sensor arrays . At about $ 1 million for the new I-35W 's sensors , that 's a pretty big decision . A new bridge , said Phipps , is unlikely to fail , because quality control measures are included in construction . Planners considering expensive sensors may choose to spend the money instead on repairing or maintaining an older bridge so it will last longer . "  The bridges you worry about are the older ones , " he said . About 25 percent of all 603,245 U.S. public road bridges are classified as deficient , according to a report announced this month by the Federal Highway Administration . An immediate "  cost-benefitial " investment aimed at replacing or repairing deficient bridges might cost nearly $ 99 billion , according to the Department of Transportation .	3 years after Minneapolis bridge collapse , replacement bridge boasts high-tech safety Bridge designer : "  There 's a lot of truth " to speculation the new bridge is nation 's safest 13 people killed in August 1 , 2007 , collapse raised safety concerns about U.S. bridges Feds : One in four bridges are still structurally deficient or functionally obsolete
December 15 , 2014 Despite Japan 's struggling economy , its voters appear to have given their president a vote of confidence in Sunday 's snap elections . Find out what that means in today 's show , and explore U.S. politics as well with our report on a $ 1.1 trillion spending bill that 's headed to President Obama 's desk . We also shed some light on teenagers ' needs when it comes to sleep . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript and a place for you to request to be on the CNN Student News Roll Call . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show . ROLL CALL For a chance to be mentioned on the next CNN Student News , comment on the bottom of this page with your school name , mascot , city and state . We will be selecting schools from the comments of the previous show . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call ! Thank you for using CNN Student News !	This page includes the show Transcript Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary At the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on CNN Student News . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call .
