CNN  -- The city of Cleveland , Ohio , on Tuesday morning will demolish the house where serial killer Anthony Sowell hid the bodies of his victims , officials said . A jury convicted him in July for kidnapping , abuse of corpses and the aggravated murder of 11 women around Cleveland from 2007 to 2009 . In August , he was sentenced to death . The convictions ended a saga that began in October 2009 with the discovery of the first two victims ' remains in Sowell 's home in Cleveland . He eventually was accused of killing at least 11 women ranging in age from 25 to 52 . Sowell 's inconspicuous two-story home sat in a dilapidated Cleveland neighborhood known as Mount Pleasant . A stench hovered around the area , but no one initially realized it was the smell of decaying human flesh , instead assuming that it was a byproduct of a nearby sausage factory . In a letter to the families of Sowell 's victims , Blaine Griffin , executive director of the Cleveland Community Relations Board , said the demolition "  is an important step in helping our community heal and move forward . " "  In order to prevent actions that would be disrespectful to the memory of your loved one , your family and our community , the demolition will be performed in such a way that no piece of the property will remain , " Griffin wrote in the letter . CNN 's Maggie Schneider contributed to this report .	"  No piece of the property will remain , " a community relations official tells victims ' families Anthony Sowell was convicted of killing 11 women and hiding bodies in the house He was sentenced to death in August after conviction in July
Pleading for asylum after spilling American secrets , Edward Snowden told Ecuador 's government that he fears inhumane treatment or even death if he 's handed over to face U.S. espionage charges , Ecuador 's foreign minister said Monday . Snowden told Ecuadorian President Rafael Correa that it is "  unlikely that I will have a fair trial or humane treatment " if handed over to U.S. officials to stand trial , according to a letter from Snowden read by Foreign Minister Ricardo Patino . The whereabouts of Snowden , the computer contractor who exposed details of the National Security Agency 's surveillance programs , were uncertain late Monday . He was last known to be in Moscow , where he landed after a flight from Hong Kong on Sunday . He had been expected to board a flight to Cuba on Monday , Russia 's semiofficial Interfax news agency reported . But CNN journalists on two successive Moscow-to-Havana flights said Snowden did not appear to be in the cabin , while officials at the Russian capital 's Sheremetyevo International Airport declined to say whether he was still there . U.S. officials have yanked Snowden 's passport , but he left Hong Kong on a "  refugee document of passage " issued by Ecuador , according to Julian Assange , founder of the anti-secrecy group WikiLeaks , which is aiding Snowden 's efforts to find a safe haven . Assange would say only that the former National Security Agency contractor is "  in a safe place and his spirits are high . " While Patino , speaking at a news conference in Vietnam , said the country has yet to decide on Snowden 's asylum request , he questioned whether it was Snowden or the United States that was acting badly in the affair . He called the surveillance programs revealed by Snowden "  a breach of the rights " of people around the world . "  We have to ask , who has betrayed who ? " he said . Correa , meanwhile , took to Twitter to address the issue . "  Rest assured that we will analyze the Snowden case very responsibly and we will make with absolute sovereignty the decision that we believe is most appropriate , " the president tweeted . He added , "  A big hug to everyone and happy week . " Snowden has acknowledged that he leaked classified documents about NSA-run surveillance programs to the Guardian newspaper in Britain and to The Washington Post . The documents revealed the existence of programs that collect records of domestic telephone calls in the United States and monitor the Internet activity of overseas residents . The disclosures shook the U.S. intelligence community and raised questions about whether the NSA is eroding American civil liberties . He walked away from a six-figure job in Hawaii with the computer consulting firm Booz Allen Hamilton , an NSA contractor , and went to Hong Kong before the newspapers began publishing stories based on his leak . He told the Guardian that he exposed the surveillance programs because they pose a threat to democracy , but administration officials said the programs are vital to preventing terrorist attacks and are overseen by all three branches of government . A Hong Kong paper , the South China Morning Post , reported Tuesday that Snowden took the job at Booz Allen early this year to "  collect proof " about the programs before disclosing them to reporters . Snowden told the paper that he intends to release more of the documents he took from the firm . "  If I have time to go through this information , I would like to make it available to journalists in each country to make their own assessment , independent of my bias , as to whether or not the knowledge of U.S. network operations against their people should be published , " the newspaper quoted Snowden as saying . In addition to Ecuador , Snowden is asking Iceland and other , unspecified countries to consider granting him asylum , WikiLeaks attorney Michael Ratner told reporters Friday . Iceland has not received a formal application from Snowden , the Interior Ministry said Monday . Meanwhile , U.S. officials cast a wide net seeking his return , telling Russia and Latin American countries that they should hand Snowden over should he land on their soil . President Barack Obama told reporters Monday that the United States is pursuing all legal channels to bring Snowden back . And White House spokesman Jay Carney said U.S. officials are reaching out to numerous countries in an effort to have Snowden turned over . "  The U.S. is advising these governments that Mr. Snowden is wanted on felony charges and as such should not be allowed to proceed in any further international travel other than is necessary to return him here to the United States , " he said . But CNN legal analyst Jeffrey Toobin said the issue now "  is much more of a political and diplomatic matter than it is a legal matter . " "  In an ordinary case , sure , you need a passport to get around , " Toobin said . "  But here , where this case is causing increasing embarrassment for the United States , governments that want the United States to be embarrassed are only too happy to waive some of the technical legal rules . " Secretary of State John Kerry particularly urged Russian authorities to work with the United States , noting that U.S. officials have turned over seven prisoners to Russia in recent years . "  We need to cooperate on this because it 's important to the upholding of the rule of law , " he told CNN . He defended the U.S. effort to capture Snowden for prosecution , saying "  people may die as a consequence of what this man did . " FBI Director Robert Mueller called his counterpart at Russia 's Federal Security Service twice Monday concerning Snowden , a senior administration official said . And a Justice Department official told CNN that the United States is n't planning to ask for a "  red notice " calling on members of the international police agency Interpol to take Snowden into custody -- but the official would not say whether the United States has sent or will send provisional arrest warrants to other countries that might take Snowden in or help him in his travels . Ecuador ` analyzing ' request It seems unlikely that Cuba , Venezuela or Ecuador -- the nations on Snowden 's potential itinerary -- would be inclined to send him back to the United States . The U.S. government has already asked those three Latin American countries to not admit Snowden or to expel him if they do , a senior Obama administration official told CNN on Sunday . But Cuba and Venezuela have long had strained relations with Washington . And Ecuador has given Assange refuge in its embassy in London for a year after he unsuccessfully fought extradition to Sweden in British courts . Why would Snowden head for Ecuador ? Assange say he fears Sweden , which wants him for questioning about sexual assault allegations , would transfer him to the United States . In his letter , read by Patino , Snowden compared himself to Pvt. Bradley Manning , the U.S. soldier accused of leaking classified information through WikiLeaks . He said U.S. officials have treated Manning inhumanely by holding him in solitary confinement , and he predicted a similar "  cruel and unusual " fate for himself if he falls into U.S. hands . Carney questioned Snowden 's assertion that he acted in defense of democratic transparency , saying his argument "  is belied by the protectors he has potentially chosen -- China , Russia , Ecuador . " "  His failures to criticize these regimes suggests that his true motive throughout has been to injure the national security of the United States , not to advance Internet freedom and free speech , " Carney told reporters . The Committee to Protect Journalists has criticized Correa 's government for pushing legislation that would roll back press freedoms , calling its policies increasingly repressive . But Snowden is n't looking for "  political nirvana , " said Glenn Greenwald , the columnist for the Guardian who broke Snowden 's revelations . "  He 's searching for a place where he can be safe and remain free and participate in the debate , and Ecuador seems to be the place he has chosen , " Greenwald told CNN 's The Lead . U.S. warns China Carney said Monday that Hong Kong 's decision to let Snowden leave dealt efforts to build trust between the United States and China a "  serious setback . " He declined to speculate what impact the decision could have on U.S.-China relations , but said U.S. officials are making their displeasure known "  very directly . " Hong Kong 's semi-autonomous government said Sunday it declined to act on a U.S. request for a provisional arrest warrant because it needed more information -- and without that information , it said , it had no reason to stop Snowden from boarding his flight to Moscow . Carney said U.S. officials had told Hong Kong authorities that Snowden 's passport had been revoked "  in plenty of time to have prohibited travel . " "  We are just not buying that this was a technical decision by a Hong Kong immigration official , " Carney said Monday . "  This was a deliberate choice by the government to release a fugitive despite a valid arrest warrant , and that decision unquestionably has a negative impact on the U.S.-China relationship . " Lawmakers say tenuous ties shaken further as Snowden lands in Russia But an online petition calling on the White House to pardon Snowden passed the key threshold of 100,000 signatures over the weekend and had more than 110,000 early Monday . The petition describes Snowden as "  a national hero . " The White House says it will respond to any petition on its site that gathers more than 100,000 signatures in 30 days . WikiLeaks ' Assange urges support for Snowden , slams Obama	Snowden took Booz Allen job to get NSA secrets , Hong Kong paper reports Snowden seeks refuge in Ecuador and was last reported in Moscow Ecuador says it 's reviewing his appeal "  very responsibly " Washington says Snowden is a wanted man , urges nations to turn him away
CNN  -- Ebola survivor Ashoka Mukpo , in his first television interview since returning home from the hospital , told CNN 's Don Lemon that he sharply disagrees with Gov. Chris Christie 's controversial quarantine policy for health care workers in New Jersey . "  I think that Gov. Christie is playing politics right now . It seems to me that it 's an effort to , you know , work with public opinion rather than listen to the advice of the experts , " Mukpo said . "  And i just think that it 's counterproductive . " Chris Christie on Ebola policy : ` We 're not moving an inch ' A nurse who recently returned from helping Ebola patients in Sierra Leone was quarantined in Newark over the weekend after officials said she had a fever . The nurse , Kaci Hickox , protested the move , saying she was asymptomatic , and she was released Monday after showing no signs of illness . Critics argued the policy of quarantining health care workers for 21 days is unnecessary and could deter volunteers from going to West Africa to combat the outbreak . Chris Christie on possible Ebola lawsuit : ` Whatever ' Mukpo , a freelance cameraman who tested positive for Ebola in Liberia and was treated in the United States , said rules like the one in New Jersey treats health care workers "  as though they are a problem as opposed to a public asset . " "  I just think it 's a shame and I do n't think it 's the right way to act , personally , " he said . Christie , however , has staunchly defended the policy , saying it 's only for people who show signs of Ebola and argues the rule is in the public 's best interest .	Ashoka Mukpo , who contracted Ebola in Liberia , disagreed with New Jersey 's quarantine policy He thinks it could deter health care workers from traveling to Ebola-affected countries
CNN  -- Not everyone 's pleased with Dakota Johnson and Charlie Hunnam in the starring roles in "  Fifty Shades of Grey , " but the bigger-name stars fans have been clamoring for reportedly were n't all that interested . We already know Armie Hammer and Emma Watson were definitively not interested , with both nearly sneering at the thought . Even Aaron Taylor-Johnson , the husband of "  Fifty Shades " director Sam Taylor-Johnson , diplomatically excused himself from any casting rumors . Fans not happy with ` Fifty Shades ' casting "  I 'd love to work with Sam again , no question , without a doubt , " the "  Kick-Ass " actor said . "  I think she 's such an incredible director , and she 's got such an incredible vision . And especially for something like this ,  which  she can do -- no pun intended -- with her hands tied behind her back and blindfolded . " But for him , the role of the charismatic , handsome and domineering billionaire just did n't "  fit the bill . " And according to The Hollywood Reporter , preferential choices Ryan Gosling and Garrett Hedlund also passed on the project . Director Sam Taylor-Johnson chosen for ` Fifty Shades of Grey ' Fans have not rallied around the idea of Hunnam as Christian Grey and have offered another suggestion : Matt Bomer .  The "  White Collar " actor has since said that while he appreciates the support , Hunnam 's staying put . Some readers of E.L. James ' best-selling S&M - themed trilogy have n't been thrilled with the idea of Johnson as Anastasia Steele , the naive college student who takes up with Grey . In their eyes , Alexis Bledel would be far better for the role , but THR notes that it was Shailene Woodley studio Universal had eyes for . ` Fifty Shades ' gets a release date While the actress is said to have been comfortable with the racy demands of the film , her ties to the adaptation of Veronica Roth 's "  Divergent " trilogy would get in the way . ` Fifty Shades ' screenwriter 's thinking NC-17 So with Johnson and Hunnam being the choices -- and "  there is a lot that goes into casting that is n't just looks . Talent , availability , their desire to do it , chemistry with other actor , etc. , " "  Fifty Shades " producer Dana Brunetti tweeted -- the next best thing the "  Fifty Shades " team can do is knock the adaptation , written by Kelly Marcel , out of the park . "  Handled correctly , ` Fifty Shades ' could catapult Johnson and Hunnam to the A-list , " The Hollywood Reporter predicts . "  If it fails , it could end up like ` Showgirls , ' whose star , Elizabeth Berkley , never recovered . "	Many actors were rumored to be in consideration for "  Fifty Shades " Ryan Gosling , Garrett Hedlund and Shailene Woodley were among them The two starring roles ended up going to Dakota Johnson and Charlie Hunnam Some fans of the books have criticized the choices
CNN  -- Islamists attacked a gas field in eastern Algeria , killing two people and seizing hostages , including Westerners , Algeria 's interior minister said Wednesday . The incident may be linked to France 's military support for the government of nearby Mali , according to reports from the region . The Westerners , accompanied by Algerian security forces , were en route to In Amenas Airport when they were attacked early in the morning by a group of no more than 20 people , the official , Diho Weld Qabliyeh , told Algerian state television . The security forces returned fire , and the attackers withdrew to the base of the petroleum operation , some 3 kilometers away , he said . Upon arrival at the base , he continued , the attackers "  took in a number of Westerners and Algerians -- some people told us they were nine , some people told us 12 . " U.S. State Department spokeswoman Victoria Nuland said Americans were among the hostages . Accounts over the number differed . An Algerian and a Westerner were killed in the attack , and two other Westerners , two of the security forces and two guards from the base were wounded , Qabliyeh said . A spokesperson for Britain 's Foreign Office , citing the Algerian government , said a British national was among the dead . British Foreign Minister William Hague , speaking in Sydney , Australia , said the captives included "  a number of British nationals . " Hague said the Foreign Office had sent a "  rapid deployment team " to Algiers to beef up staffing at the embassy . Algerian military forces were surrounding the building holding the hostage-takers and the hostages , Qabliyeh said . Late Wednesday , the hostage-takers released the Algerians they had been holding but continued holding the Westerners , Algerian state television reported . The group has issued demands , but they elicited no response , Qabliyeh said . "  The authorities do not negotiate , no negotiations ; we have received their demands , but we did n't respond to them , " he added . A Mauritanian news agency , Al Akhbar , said the attackers demanded in a news release an end to "  brutal aggression on our people in Mali . " It cited "  blatant intervention of the French crusader forces in Mali " and accused the world of having left Syria 's people "  groaning under the pressure of the butcher " President Bashar al-Assad . The news release said they chose to carry out the operation in Algeria because the country 's president , Abdelaziz Bouteflika , had allowed French military forces to cross Algerian air space in attacking Mali . A U.S. official was skeptical . "  The level of planning suggests that this was in train before the French overflights ever took place , " the official said . That view was echoed by another U.S. official , who told CNN 's Erin Burnett that , "  as of now , the attack appeared organized , " not put together quickly or opportunistic . The official said it was likely that the attackers had cited Algeria 's opening of its air space to French fighters as the reason for the attack to protect their operational methods and make the attack appear spontaneous . The news release put the number of hostages at "  more than 40 , " including seven Americans , two French , two British and a number of other Europeans . An Islamist group claiming responsibility for the attack told the Mauritanian News Agency and Sahara Media that 41 "  Westerners including seven Americans ,  as well as  French , British and Japanese citizens have been taken hostage . " But the real number of U.S. hostages could be as few as three , two U.S. officials said Wednesday . The Algerian Press Service , citing a source from the provincial administration of Illizi , reported that "  a little more than 20 foreign nationals are held hostage . " Defense Secretary Leon Panetta , in Europe meeting with NATO allies , called the incident "  a terrorist attack . " Nine or 10 Americans were working at the site , and U.S. officials were trying to determine who had been abducted , a State Department official told CNN . The source said the abductors were demanding that members of their group being held prisoner be released and sent to northern Mali . The official was not clear about where the prisoners were . "  The first priority is to gain understanding of what is happening , " a senior U.S. official with direct knowledge of the matter said . "  We are working on ways to improve that now . " The official added that a Special Operations team -- the Commanders In-extremis Force -- "  is on a very short string . " He said that "  another important piece will be for Libya to really lock down the nearby border on their side , " so personnel and weapons can not get through . A U.S. official said the capability existed "  to see the area " around the facility and that the ability to monitor the situation will "  improve soon . " The CIF unit is prepared to move within four hours of being ordered to do so , a U.S. defense official told CNN . The official said that , before the hostage incident , the unit had been headed to Senegal , where it was to be on standby for missions in Mali , but that it may now move elsewhere . A second U.S. official said that any operation would take time to unfold . "  This is not the type of mission that you plan and execute overnight , it 's just not , " the official said . "  We do n't know specifically how many militants or hostages there are . But with so little information , if you 're talking dozens of militants and up to 40 hostages , I do n't see how you go in without killing half the hostages . " The second official said that Marine Corps ' Fleet Antiterrorism Security Teams would be deployed only to augment security at any nearby embassies . None is under threat . They would not be deployed for field operations in any rescue attempt , the official said . The Pentagon 's Africa Command is taking the military lead on the matter , and the State Department and FBI are the lead agencies in contact with the Algerian government , a Defense official said . The official said commanders have assets "  not too far away , " including aircraft from the Air Force 's base in Aviano , Italy , and a Marine Corps FAST team in Sigonella , Italy . Any action would need to be approved by Algeria , "  which is more than just a formality , " the official said . A spokesman for the group -- whose name means "  those who sign with blood " -- said that jihadists controlled the plant . Saying that the operation was an act of revenge against Algeria , the spokesman said 400 Algerian soldiers were on the site "  who have not been targeted by jihadists . " A spokesman for the Norwegian Prime Minister 's office told CNN that "  13 Norwegians , all employees of Statoil , are involved in the incident at Amenas gas field in Algeria . " The UK Foreign Office said British nationals were caught up in the incident . Ireland 's foreign minister said there were reports that an Irish citizen was involved ; the office of the French president refused comment on reports that French citizens were among the hostages . Oil giant BP , which operates the In Amenas field in a joint venture with Sonatrac , the Algerian national oil company , and Norway 's Statoil , said it was attacked by "  unidentified armed people " who were occupying the site . Statoil Executive Vice President Lars Christian Bacher said 17 of its employees -- 13 of them Norwegian -- were in or around the facility at the time of the attack . "  We have received information that five of the 17 are brought to safety in a military camp in the area , " he said in a statement . Four are Norwegian and one is a Canadian resident ; two people were injured and have received medical treatment , he said . The gas field lies about 60 kilometers west of the Libyan border and some 1,300 kilometers from the capital , Algiers , BP said . The attack comes four days after Libyan , Algerian and Tunisian prime ministers reached security agreements during a summit in Libya , where they agreed to work together against terrorist threats . In a statement , Rep. Ed Royce , R-California , called the attack "  the latest demonstration of a large and growing radical movement across North Africa " and said the French "  have acted appropriately " in intervening in Mali . "  Al-Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb and its offshoots have been conducting regular kidnappings for years -- financing much of its operations through ransoms , earning millions , " the chairman of the House Foreign Affairs Committee said . "  The network has planted deep roots in Europe . In recent years , cells have been broken up by authorities in France , Germany , Italy , Spain and Switzerland . In Mali , its brethren are imposing the strictest interpretation of Islamic law -- banning music and chopping off limbs . Large amounts of weapons are flowing into the region . " Read related : U.S. supported France 's failed hostage rescue in Somalia CNN 's Carol Jordan , Laura Smith-Spark and Antonia Mortensen reported from London ; Chris Lawrence , Elise Labott and Barbara Starr from Washington ; Christine Theodorou , Hamdi Alkhshali , Joe Sterling and Yousuf Basil from Atlanta ; Jomana Karadsheh from Tripoli , Libya ; and Dheepthi Namasivayam from Paris .	NEW : British national is dead , a spokesperson for Britain 's Foreign Office says Americans are among the hostages , the U.S. State Department says The In Amenas gas field is run jointly by BP , Statoil and Algeria 's Sonatrac Panetta calls hostage-taking a "  terrorist attack "
New York  CNN  -- The son of actor Michael Douglas apologized to a federal judge before being sentenced to a five-year prison term Tuesday , promising to follow "  the true right path " when released . Cameron Douglas , 31 , pleaded guilty to distributing large quantities of methamphetamine and cocaine in January . "  I apologize to the court for my decisions and actions that put me in front of you today , " Douglas said in a trembling voice . He added , "  I have developed , in my mind , the idea that I want to take the right path , the true right path . " U.S. District Judge Richard Berman rebuffed pleas by defense lawyers for a more lenient sentencing , telling the spectators that prison may be Douglas ' "  last chance . " Cameron Douglas is the son of the two-time Academy Award winner and his first wife , Diandra Luker , both of whom attended the sentencing . As Cameron Douglas spoke , his mother was crying and his father appeared to be fighting back tears . Douglas , who was arrested in July 2009 at a Manhattan nightclub , asked Berman "  for opportunity to be a role model to my younger brothers and sisters . " "  I believe , your honor , things will be different this time , " he added . If given a second chance , he said , "  I will never squander that opportunity . " Berman acknowledged that numerous letters sent on the defendant 's behalf by celebrities and others , but said some of the letters implied that he should not make an example of Douglas because he is the son of a famous actor . "  None acknowledged appropriately the numerous impacts to victims of society for dealing drugs , " the judge said .	Cameron Douglas pleaded guilty in January to distributing meth and cocaine Federal judge rebuffed pleas by defense lawyers for a more lenient sentencing Douglas , 31 , was arrested in January 2009 at a New York nightclub He is the son of actor Michael Douglas and his first wife , Diandra Luker
EW.com  -- For the caveman family of "  The Croods , " the Stone Age is n't over yet . The DreamWorks Animation movie is getting a sequel , EW has confirmed . Since its release on March 22 , "  The Croods " has scored big at the box office , earning over $ 386 million worldwide . ` Croods ' Zoo : 9 Sprecious Species â $ " GALLERY It was a welcome success for the company , following the disappointing performance of DreamWorks Animation 's "  Rise of the Guardians " in late 2012 . "  The Croods , " about a family of cavemen on the dangerous but adventurous search for a new home , featured the voice talent of Emma Stone , Ryan Reynolds , Nicolas Cage , and Catherine Keener . ` The Croods ' directors on their approach to scary moments There 's no official word yet on which stars will return for the sequel or when the new film will be released . See the original article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	DreamWorks Animation 's "  The Croods " is getting a sequel Since its release on March 22 , "  The Croods " has scored big at the box office The movie has earned more than $ 386 million worldwide
CNN  Their arrests took place in New York and Florida . Abror Habibov , Akhror Saidakhmetov and Abdurasul Juraboev are accused by the federal government of attempting to join ISIS and of fostering plans to kill the President and shoot law enforcement officers . The three men face charges that include attempting and conspiring to provide material support and resources to a foreign terrorist organization , a criminal complaint filed in federal court said . They all legally came to the United States , although one overstayed his welcome . The names : Who has been recruited to ISIS from the West Here 's what we know about them as the case unfolds . Habibov is a 30-year-old Uzbekistani citizen , who police say "  helped organize and finance " the operation . He was arrested in Jacksonville , Florida . Court documents say Habibov operates mall kiosks that sell kitchenware and repair mobile phones . He has locations in Florida , Georgia , Pennsylvania and Virginia . Habibov was in the United States legally , but overstayed his visa , according to police . Habibov attended New York City College of Technology in the spring of 2013 as a part-time student , but he is not currently enrolled , according to a statement from the college . Saidakhmetov is a 19-year-old citizen of Kazakhstan and is a legal permanent resident of the United States who lives in Brooklyn , with fellow suspect Abdurasul Juraboev . Court documents say Saidakhmetov worked at Habibov 's mall kiosks in Philadelphia ; Savannah , Georgia ; and Chesapeake , Virginia , in the fall and winter of 2014 . Saidakhmetov was arrested Wednesday at John F. Kennedy International Airport while attempting to catch a flight to Turkey , authorities said . The Brooklyn travel agent who booked his ticket said Saidakhmetov came into the agency where he works last week , wanting to book a round-trip ticket to Istanbul . Saidakhmetov said he could n't afford a direct flight , which would have cost $ 900 , so the travel agent booked him a trip connecting in Kiev , Ukraine , for $ 571 . At the time , the travel agent said , he saw "  nothing out of the ordinary . " Saidakhmetov purchased the tickets using a New York state ID , the travel agent said . The landlord of the Brooklyn apartment building where Saidakhmetov and Juraboev lived said the 19-year-old recently told him he was about to take a long vacation . Court documents say Saidakhmetov once posted some comments on video of ISIS executing Iraqi forces . "  Allahu akbar  God is great  . I was very happy after reading this , my eyes joyful so much victory . " The criminal complaint says he told a confidential informant that he wanted to travel to Syria to wage jihad , "  but that his mother had feared that he would do so and took his passport so that he could not travel . " Last week , Saidakhmetov called his mother and asked for his passport , according to the criminal complaint . "  When asked where he wanted to go , Saidakhmetov responded that , if a person has a chance to join Islamic State and does not go there , on judgment day he will be asked why , and that it is a sin to live in the land of infidels , " the complaint says . "  After Saidakhmetov continued to ask for his passport , his mother hung up the phone . " Saidakhmetov told the informant he would try to get his passport back by telling his mom he was traveling to Uzbekistan to visit relatives . When the informant suggested it might be better to take a direct flight to Turkey , Saidakhmetov responded , "  America is catching , they are very strict now . ... it is better to fool them by flying here and flying there . " There were other recorded conversations In one from November , Saidakhmetov told Juraboev that he wanted to join the U.S. military so he could share information with ISIS . At the very least , he said , "  he could always open fire on American soldiers and kill as many of them as possible , " according to the complaint . In another recorded conversation in January , Saidakhmetov told the informant that if he could n't get travel documents to go to Syria , "  I will just go and buy a machine gun , AK-47 , go out and shoot all police . " Later , according to the complaint , he said , "  It is legal in America to carry a gun . We will go and purchase one handgun ... then go and shoot one police officer . Boom . ... Then , we will take his gun , bullets and bulletproof vest ... then , we will do the same with a couple of others . Then we will go to the FBI headquarters , kill the FBI people . " Juraboev is a 24-year-old citizen of Uzbekistan . Like Saidakhmetov , he is a legal permanent resident of the United States . Court documents say he 's also known as Abdulloh ibn Hasan . Before his arrest at his Brooklyn home , Juraboev was scheduled to hop a flight to Turkey , the criminal complaint said . He worked at the Gyro King restaurant in Brooklyn and had asked for the weekend off so he could travel . He would arrive at work around noon daily , wearing headphones and greeting co-workers as he made his delivery of lettuce , tomatoes and onions , according to a co-worker named Saad , who described the suspect as quiet and "  just a normal guy . " Zak Kahn , owner of Gyro King , said Juraboev was quiet and not given to discussing politics . "  I never heard him -- not even a single sentence --  talk  about politics , about jihad , about army , about military or force ... What happened to him ? He seemed to be a very peaceful person . " Kahn said Juraboev told him about a month ago that he was returning to the homeland . "  He became even more alone , " he told CNN on Thursday , adding that Juraboev seemed more detached and wore his headphones most of the time . On February 21 , Juraboev sent his employer a text message : "  Brother I want to leave my country next weekend . Because I have some problem . Is it possible or not ? Sorry ! " In August , court documents say , Juraboev was active on an Uzbek-language website that promoted ISIS . "  Greetings ! We too wanted to pledge our allegiance and commit ourselves while not present there , " Juraboev is said to have posted . "  I am in USA now but we do n't have any arms . But is it possible to commit ourselves as dedicated martyrs anyway while here ? What I 'm saying is , to shoot Obama and then get shot ourselves , will it do ? That will strike fear in the hearts of infidels . " The post earned Juraboev a visit from federal agents several days later . Juraboev admitted that he 'd posted the message and that he believed in the ISIS agenda . He also said "  that he would harm Obama if he had the opportunity to do so , but currently does not have the means or an imminent plan to do so , " the complaint says . In intercepted online communication to a pro-ISIS website , Juraboev said his parents were in Uzbekistan . "  Sometimes they worship and practice Islam , sometimes they do idolatry , " he said , according to the complaint . "  My sisters are uncovered , lack knowledge of a religion . I wish they knew at least how to cover themselves up . " The administrator encouraged him to join the fight . Juraboev said he 's worried about being caught , the court documents say . CNN 's Will Ripley , David Shortell , Julia Talanova , Jason Caroll and Yon Pomrenze contributed to this report .	All three men came to the United States legally They 're accused of attempting and conspiring to provide material support and resources to a foreign terrorist organization
CNN  -- The Transportation Security Administration has denied that its agents required a 95-year-old woman to remove her adult diaper last week before allowing her to pass a screening checkpoint at Northwest Florida Regional Airport . "  While every person and item must be screened before entering the secure boarding area , TSA works with passengers to resolve security alarms in a respectful and sensitive manner , " the agency said Sunday night in a statement . "  We have reviewed the circumstances involving this screening and determined that our officers acted professionally , according to proper procedure and did not require this passenger to remove an adult diaper . " A response released earlier Sunday by the TSA said that the agency had reviewed the circumstances "  and determined that our officers acted professionally and according to proper procedure . " The woman 's daughter , Jean Weber , told CNN on Monday that the TSA agents acted professionally and never ordered the removal of her mother 's diaper . However , Weber said the agents made it clear that her mother could not board the plane unless they were able to inspect the diaper . According to Weber , it was her idea to remove the diaper so it could be inspected and they could make their flight . "  They were doing their job according to the instructions of the TSA and their policies , " Weber said , later adding that the options offered them were to remove the diaper or "  she was not going to get on the plane . " On Sunday , Weber told CNN that the June 18 incident occurred when she and her mother were traveling from northwest Florida to Michigan , where her mother was planning to move in with other relatives prior to moving into an assisted-living facility . "  My mother is very ill , she has a form of leukemia , " Weber said Sunday . "  She had a blood transfusion the week before , just to bolster up her strength for this travel . " At a security checkpoint , a TSA officer ushered the wheelchair-bound woman into a glassed-in area where a pat-down was performed , Weber said . Weber said an agent told her "  they felt something suspicious on  her mother 's  leg and they could n't determine what it was " -- leading them to take her into a private , closed room . Soon after , Weber said , a TSA agent told her that her mother 's Depend undergarment was "  wet and it was firm , and they could n't check it thoroughly . " But her mother had no clean diapers in her carry-on luggage and the departure time for the plane was approaching , Weber said . "  They said , ` You can get her luggage back to get more out of her luggage , ' but the luggage was checked and I did n't know how long it would take to get her luggage , " Weber said . "  I asked if I could take the wet Depends off and they said yes but said I had to take her back to the lobby of the airport -- to the restroom out of the screening area . " She said she and her mother then went to a bathroom and removed the wet diaper , then went back through the screening checkpoint . Weber said her mother , a nurse for 65 years , "  was very calm " despite being bothered by the fact that she went on to complete her journey without underwear . By this weekend , the elder woman -- who was not identified by name -- was doing "  fine " in Michigan with her relatives , Weber said Sunday . This is not the first time that the TSA 's pat-downs of passengers have come under fire , nor the first time that the agency has rallied behind its officers and policy . Last year , the administration announced it was ramping up the use of full-body scanning and pat-downs to stop nonmetallic threats , including explosives , from getting on planes . The goal is to head off attacks such as the one allegedly attempted on Christmas of 2009 by Umar Farouk AbdulMutallab , who allegedly had a bomb sewn into his underwear on a flight from the Netherlands to Michigan . The TSA estimates that only 3 % of passengers are subjected to pat-downs -- and then only after they have set off a metal detector or declined to step into a full-body scanner . Yet the new policy has triggered an uproar online and in airports , from a small but vocal number of travelers who feel their rights and privacy were being violated . The federal safety agency has made some adjustments to its policy , but no major changes . "  Every traveler is a critical partner in TSA 's efforts to keep our skies safe , " Administrator John Pistole , who ordered the new approach , said last fall . "  And I know and appreciate that the vast majority of Americans recognize and respect the important work we do . " More recently , outrage erupted over a video-recorded pat-down of a 6-year-old passenger last April at New Orleans ' airport . The video , which was posted on YouTube , shows the girl protesting the search by a female security officer at first , though she complies quietly while it is under way . Pistole addressed this controversy at a Senate Homeland Security and Government Affairs Committee meeting last week , explaining the pat-down was ordered because the child had moved while passing through a body imaging machine . He told committee members that "  we have changed the policy  so  that there 'll be repeated efforts made to resolve that without a pat-down . " The next day , TSA spokesman Greg Soule said that the new policy -- which will apply to children age 12 and younger -- was in the process of being rolled out .	NEW : The woman 's daughter says the TSA agents acted professionally The TSA says it "  did not require this passenger to remove an adult diaper " The Depend undergarment was "  wet and it was firm , " daughter says she was told The woman 's daughter says her mother removed the diaper in a restroom
CNN  -- A computer programmer from Canada faces imminent execution in Iran for the actions of another person , which he had no control over , a human rights group says . Saeed Malekpour wrote a program to upload photos to the Internet , an accomplishment that could cost him his life , Amnesty International reported Friday . Authorities in the Islamic Republic claimed his program was used by someone else to upload pornography and charged him with "  insulting and desecrating Islam . " Malekpour , who is a Toronto resident , was arrested in October 2008 while visiting relatives in Iran . He was convicted in a short trial and was sentenced to death in October 2011 , according to Amnesty International . Iran 's Supreme Court confirmed the sentence on January 17 . Malekpour 's lawyers have been unable to ascertain the whereabouts of his court files since Tuesday and fear this could be an indicator that an executioner could carry out the sentence soon , Amnesty said . A court official suggested to the lawyers that the file had been sent to the Office for the Implementation of Sentences , according to Amnesty . Malekpour sent a letter from prison detailing beatings and other mistreatment at the hands of Iranian prison officials to obtain a confession , said Hadi Ghaemi , executive director of the International Campaign for Human Rights in Iran . "  A large portion of my confession was extracted under pressure , physical and psychological torture , threats to myself and my family , and false promises of immediate release upon giving a false confession to whatever the interrogators dictated , " the letter says . Malekpour 's supporters have created Facebook pages and websites in his support dating to at least 2009 . Amnesty International has requested on its website that concerned individuals write Iranian authorities inside and outside the country to demand that Malekpour not be executed .	Saeed Malekpour wrote a computer program to upload photos to the internet Iranian authorities claim someone else used the program to upload pornography Rights groups call for the programmer 's release
CNN  -- A Texas court granted a stay of execution for convicted murderer Henry "  Hank " Skinner on Monday , giving Skinner time to pursue DNA testing his lawyers say could prove his innocence . Skinner had been scheduled to die by lethal injection Wednesday evening for the New Year 's Eve 1993 killings of his live-in girlfriend , Twila Busby , and her two adult sons in the Texas Panhandle town of Pampa . But the state Court of Criminal Appeals halted the proceeding Monday afternoon , ruling that it needed time to review the state 's revised law on DNA testing . In a written statement , Skinner 's lawyer , Rob Owen , said the decision "  has ensured that Mr. Skinner 's request for DNA testing will receive the thorough and serious consideration it deserves . " Skinner , now 49 , has strongly denied any involvement in the crime and claims that the DNA analysis of untested evidence will not only show him innocent but help determine the real killer . He came within 45 minutes of execution in March 2010 before the U.S. Supreme Court stepped in and handed him a legal reprieve . As another execution date loomed , his supporters ratcheted up the pressure on Texas officials to grant his request for DNA testing . "  Executing Mr. Skinner without testing all the relevant evidence would suggest official indifference to the possibility of error in this case and needlessly undermine public confidence in Texas 's criminal justice system , " former Texas Gov. Mark White and 16 other current and former Texas lawmakers , prosecutors and judges wrote in an October 27 letter to Gov. Rick Perry , Texas Attorney General Greg Abbott and Gray County District Attorney Lynn Switzer . Owen requested a 30-day reprieve from Perry 's office Monday afternoon , shortly before the appeals court issued its ruling , arguing that "  substantial new evidence " has come to light since his trial to support Skinner 's claim of innocence . "  Physical evidence from the crime scene , witness accounts and expert testimony all demonstrate that Mr. Skinner was so severely impaired at the time of the murders as a result of his extreme intoxication from drugs and alcohol that he would have lacked the physical and mental coordination to perform even simple tasks , let alone commit these three murders , " Owen wrote . DNA tests "  could resolve once and for all longstanding and troubling questions about the reliability of the verdict in his case , " he added . And in a letter to the Dallas Morning News published Sunday , the foreman of the jury that sentenced Skinner to death urged his execution be stayed "  until all of the uncertainty is resolved . " "  Since the trial , I and many of my fellow jurors have grown increasingly concerned that key pieces of DNA evidence from the crime scene remain untested , " the foreman , Danny Stewart , wrote . "  Either the tests confirm Skinner 's guilt or prove his innocence and prevent the state from making an irreversible mistake . There is simply no downside . " Skinner admits being at the crime scene when Busby and her sons died but said he was passed out on the couch from a combination of vodka and codeine and was too intoxicated to have committed the murders . Monday 's decision comes four days after the trial court denied Skinner 's latest request for DNA testing on a variety of items collected by police , including vaginal swabs from Busby contained in a rape kit ; clippings from her fingernails ; two knives , one found on Busby 's front porch and the second found in a plastic bag in the living room ; a dish towel ; and blood and hairs from a jacket found next to Busby 's body . "  All the district attorney has got to do is turn over the evidence and test it , and let the chips fall where they may , " Skinner told CNN 's Kate Bolduan in 2009 in an interview from death row at the Polunsky Correctional Institution in Livingston , Texas . "  If I 'm innocent , I go home . If I 'm guilty , I die . What 's so hard about that ? " A federal case in which Skinner is also seeking the testing has been put on hold pending the outcome of the state court proceedings . Texas state attorneys argued at a recent court hearing that the testing should not be conducted because there was not a reasonable probability the trial jury would have found Skinner not guilty if the testing had been done for his trial , Owen said . Switzer 's office has refused comment on the case , while Perry 's office referred questions last week to the attorney general 's office , which also denied comment . In May 2010 , two months after halting Skinner 's execution , the Supreme Court ruled 6-3 that Skinner has a basic civil right to press for DNA analysis . But Texas prosecutors have fought the testing , claiming that Skinner is not entitled to testing of evidence not analyzed before his 1995 trial . Forensic evidence gathered at the scene , as well as witness statements , points to Skinner as the killer , they maintain . A female friend of Skinner 's who lived four blocks away testified at his trial that he walked to her mobile home and told her that he may have kicked Twila Busby to death , although evidence did not show she had been kicked . The neighbor has since recanted parts of her testimony . Authorities followed a blood trail from the crime scene to the female friend 's home and found Skinner in the closet , authorities said . He was "  wearing heavily blood-stained jeans and socks and bearing a gash on the palm of his right hand , " according to the Texas attorney general 's summary of the case . Authorities said cuts on Skinner 's hand came from the knife used to stab the men . Skinner claimed he cut it on glass . Some DNA testing was done , which implicated Skinner , but not on the items he now wants tested . In addition to Twila Busby , also found stabbed to death were her sons Elwin "  Scooter " Caler , 22 , and Randy Busby , 20 , both of whom were developmentally disabled . Busby 's family , including Busby 's surviving daughter , believes Skinner is guilty . But they also have pressed state officials to do the forensic testing , saying it would end the years-long delay while Skinner has pressed his legal claims .	Henry "  Hank " Skinner was scheduled for execution Wednesday in Texas A state appeals court granted a stay of execution Skinner 's lawyers say DNA testing could prove his innocence He was convicted of killing his girlfriend and her two adult sons in 1993
CNN  -- Arsenal may top the English Premier League table going into 2014 , but Jose Mourinho leads the way when it comes to post-match performances . After a hard-fought 2-1 win that kept his Chelsea team in touch with Arsenal and Manchester City ahead of the EPL 's New Year 's Day program , Mourinho sought to deflect any possible criticism of his players with a blustering counter-attack . When questioned about key incidents in Sunday 's match , which continued the tense clashes between the two teams in recent years , the Portuguese manager accused Luis Suarez of "  an acrobatic swimming pool jump " and going down "  like somebody shot him . " This was after Chelsea 's match-winner Samuel Eto'o had clearly body-checked the 19-goal striker off the ball inside his own penalty area while Cesar Azpilicueta cleared the ball . "  Suarez lost a duel with Azpilicueta ... and now he 's doing an acrobatic swimming pool jump to try to get the penalty , because he 's so clever because he 's in the area where the Liverpool supporters are behind , " Mourinho insisted at his press conference . "  But  referee Howard  Webb is 10 meters away . And I think the only mistake Webb did was not to give him a yellow card . " Suarez has a reputation of going to ground too easily , but this season the Uruguayan has been a reformed man -- being named interim captain by Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers -- following last season 's eight-match ban for biting Chelsea 's Branislav Ivanovic . "  The player is amazing , " acknowledged Mourinho , who has yet to suffer a home league defeat in his two spells at Stamford Bridge . "  He does everything to win and Brendan is doing a fantastic job on him because he 's changed . There 's no doubt that he 's changed . "  But when the situation is like this and you are losing comes the nature of the player , the wild nature of the player or the cultural nature of the player . "  Culturally people from that area  South America  , they like it . It 's not also that area . There 's a corner in Europe where I belong to , that they also like diving . " Rodgers , meanwhile , was aggrieved that Eto'o was still on the pitch following a high tackle on Jordan Henderson that provided the free-kick for Martin Skrtel 's early opening goal -- the defender pounced from close range after Ivanovic tussled with Suarez . Eden Hazard leveled with a superb curling effort , and Eto'o poked in a 34th-minute winner from Oscar 's low cross . "  He should 've been sent off , " Rodgers said of the Cameroon striker . "  I know we scored from it , but that was a wild challenge , where he 's raked down his knee and down his shin and did n't even get a yellow card . "  Luis will always provoke a challenge from defenders , that 's why he 's world-class . What he probably does n't expect is to provoke a challenge from someone who 's not involved in the contact . "  He 's running to challenge Azpilicueta and Eto'o is streetwise , he 's cute , he blocks him . On another day you could give that as a penalty , because it 's obstruction in the area . " Rodgers was measured in his comments after being charged by the English Football Association for criticizing match officials following Liverpool 's 2-1 defeat by Manchester City on Thursday . His team topped the table last weekend , but a second straight reverse left the Reds in fifth place -- six points behind Arsenal , and four adrift of third-placed Chelsea . The team leading going into the new year has won the title for seven of the past nine years , though Arsenal was one of the exceptions in 2007-08 , dropping back to third . The London side was missing record signing Mesut Ozil and top scorer Aaron Ramsey for Sunday 's trip to in-form Newcastle , but battled to a vital 1-0 victory thanks to Olivier Giroud 's eighth league goal this season . The France striker glanced in Theo Walcott 's 65th-minute free-kick to inflict Newcastle 's first league defeat since October . "  There is something in the team that is special on the mental front , " said Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger . "  We have many times been questioned , but we have shown that at West Ham , where we were 1-0 down , we have shown that again today , where we were a bit backs-to-the-wall in the last 15 minutes . "  Last year in this period , we were out of the championship race , but in 2013 , we have been quite consistent . " Arsenal 's win allowed London rival Tottenham to move up to seventh place above Newcastle with a 3-0 win at home to 12th-placed Stoke , as Spain striker Roberto Soldado netted a penalty before Belgium midfielder Mousa Dembele and England winger Aaron Lennon added the others . Everton climbed above Merseyside rival Liverpool into fourth with a 2-1 win at home to ninth-placed Southampton , as on-loan Chelsea striker Romelu Lukaku struck the 74th-minute winner -- the Belgium international 's ninth in the league this season .	Third-placed Chelsea two points behind Arsenal after beating Liverpool 2-1 Samuel Eto'o scores winning goal , having helped Liverpool 's opener with foul Arsenal top of the table following Sunday 's 1-0 victory at Newcastle Everton in fourth above Liverpool after winning 2-1 against Southampton
CNN  -- An organization of Christian physicians argued Wednesday against an impending rollback of a federal rule allowing health care workers to refuse to provide certain reproductive services , saying it 's discriminatory . The rule protects the rights of health care providers who refuse to participate in certain procedures . The Bush White House proposed the rule in August , and it was enacted January 20 , the day President Obama took office . It expanded on a 30-year-old law establishing a "  conscience clause " for health care professionals who do n't want to perform abortions . Under the rule , workers in health care settings -- from doctors to janitors -- can refuse to provide services , information or advice to patients on subjects such as contraception , family planning , blood transfusions and even vaccine counseling if they are morally against it . The Obama administration is expected to reverse the rule shortly , touching off a new wave of heated debate over what remains one of the most sensitive and emotional hot-button issues in American politics . " ` Right of conscience ' is under attack , and that is dangerous for our country , our health care system and our patients , " said Dr. David Stevens , head of the 15,000-member Christian Medical Association . "  When the state demands that we surrender our conscience , it becomes totalitarian and dangerous . Do we want our professional schools to ethically neuter doctors of all moral convictions that are not approved by the government ? " Watch CNN 's Sanjay Gupta discuss the ` conscience clause ' " Stevens was speaking on behalf of Freedom to Care , an umbrella organization of 36 groups working to prevent a rollback of the rule . Watch why one pharmacist says the "  conscience clause " is needed " Many health care organizations , including the American Medical Association , believe that health care providers have an obligation to their patients to advise them of the options despite their own beliefs . And critics of the current rule argue that there are laws on the books protecting health-care professionals when it comes to refusing care for personal reasons . "  We do n't make God-like decisions . ... That 's not what it 's about for us . It 's about helping the patient make their own decision . ... No one appointed us to be the ultimate person to pass judgment , " said Mary Jean Schumann , a member of the American Nurses Association . Dr. Suzanne T. Poppema , board chairwoman of Physicians for Reproductive Choice and Health , praised Obama "  for placing good health care above ideological demands . " "  Physicians across the country were outraged when the Bush administration , in its final days , limited women 's access to reproductive health care , " she said . "  Hundreds of doctors protested these midnight regulations and urged President Obama to repeal them quickly . We are thrilled that President Obama -LSB- is taking steps -RSB- to ensure that our patients ' health is once again protected . " Stevens argued that there is "  a well-funded and increasingly successful effort to discriminate against health care professionals based upon their deeply held religious and moral beliefs . " Rescinding the rule will send "  a clear message , " he said : "  It 's open season on health care professionals of conscience . Discriminate at will . If anyone should understand the ugliness of discrimination , it is our first African-American president . " Stevens predicted that a large number of specialists in obstetrics and gynecology would leave the medical profession if the rule is repealed . A final announcement from the Obama administration is expected with the conclusion of a 30-day public comment period on the proposed rule change . "  We do not want to impose new limitations on services that would allow providers to refuse to provide to women and their families services like family planning and contraception that would actually help prevent the need for an abortion in the first place , " a U.S. Department of Health and Human Services official said in February . CNN 's Saundra Young contributed to this report .	Christian doctors group says impending rollback of conscience rule is discriminatory Rule lets health care providers refuse to provide services they 're morally against " ` Right of conscience ' is under attack , " one doctor says Supporter says Obama is putting "  good health care above ideological demands "
CNN  -- Gov. Mitt Romney got himself into a bit of a pickle Monday when he was quoted saying that he liked to "  fire people . " Many have jumped onto this line as evidence of the candidate 's callousness toward working people in a bad economy . Even his Republican primary competitors latched onto the comment , especially as it might relate to his work at Bain Capital Ventures , to show that Romney is in the business of making people unemployed . There 's much more smoke here than fire , but some of it , unfortunately , is Romney 's fault . He was the one , after all , who tried to pitch his time at Bain as evidence of his success as a "  job creator . " Specifically , in the GOP candidates ' debate on Saturday he said , "  In the business I had , we invested in over 100 different businesses and net-net , taking out the ones where we lost jobs and those that we added , those businesses have now added over 100,000 jobs . " Turns out this is n't entirely correct . When pressed , his campaign released figures that showed that a number of companies helped by Bain under Romney 's tenure , such as Staples , the Sports Authority , and Domino 's , have added more than 100,000 jobs since then . But there are two problems with that figure . The first is that it 's the number of jobs in all the time since Romney started at Bain , including many years after he left . The second is that there are no figures that show how many jobs were added or lost at other companies Bain managed , so a claim of a "  net " addition is unproven . Bain could release comprehensive figures , but it 's not likely it will . Nor should it . Bain is n't running for office , and I 'm sure it considers the information proprietary . The larger issue , though , is that many people were fired through Bain 's work . That is what often happens when venture firms take over businesses through leveraged buyouts . These stories make for compelling campaign commercials and news pieces . They do n't paint Romney in as nice a light . That 's compounded when he claims to "  enjoy " firing people . But let 's be fair . The governor is having his words taken out of context . Here 's the full quote : "  I want individuals to have their own insurance . That means the insurance company will have an incentive to keep people healthy . It also means if you do n't like what they do , you can fire them . I like being able to fire people who provide services to me . If someone does n't give me the good service I need , I 'm going to go get somebody else to provide that service to me . " Romney is n't talking about his time at Bain . He 's talking about health insurance . Specifically , he 's talking about how he 'd like insurance to work . He would rather everyone be personally responsible for buying insurance , instead of getting it from the government . Then , he says , if the insurance company did a bad job , people could fire them . That sounds much better , right ? Unfortunately , it 's not . The first problem is that Romney ascribes motives to the insurance companies that make no sense . If you would just leave the insurance company if it did a bad job , then there is no incentive for it to keep you healthy . Healthy people are cheap for insurance companies , and sick people are not . If you go from being healthy to being sick , it 's in an insurance company 's best interest that you leave . That 's an economic fact , not a moral judgment . It 's only if you ca n't leave , if you have to remain on their books no matter what , that the company has an incentive to keep you healthy . The second problem is worse , though . Healthy people often do n't know their insurance plans are bad until they get sick . Healthy people , after all , do n't make as much use of their plans . Once they fall ill , though , it means now they have a pre-existing condition , which will make it almost impossible to them to get a new plan if they decide to fire their old insurance company . The way the private insurance market works today , almost no one has the luxury of firing the insurance company once he or she figures out it is n't doing a good job . That 's not true in Massachusetts , of course . Thanks to Romney 's legislation there , insurance companies ca n't deny you coverage and also ca n't charge you more for being sick . There , thanks to Romney , you can fire your insurance company and be assured of finding a better one . It will also be true for many more people once President Obama 's Affordable Care Act gets fully under way in 2014 . Since Romney seems so enamored of firing bad insurance companies , you might think he 'd want to protect and promote other people 's ability to do so . Instead , he opposes the Affordable Care Act , which would do the same thing nationally that his law did for the people of Massachusetts . Join CNN Opinion on Facebook and follow updates on Twitter . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Aaron Carroll .	Aaron Carroll : Romney comment on firing people is mostly out of context ; smoke , not fire But it calls attention to his questionable record as "  job creator " at Bain , he says His quote involved firing health insurers ; but sick people do n't have luxury of doing that Carroll : In Massachusetts they can , under Romney health law ; yet he opposes national reform
It started in 1996 as a crazy idea to ring in the new year , but police nearly shut it down . "  They said , ` We have an idea : Let 's do a shoe drop . ... We made this shoe for you , ' " recalled Gary "  Sushi " Marion , the star of a weekly drag queen review in Key West . " ` You 've got to sit in it for New Year 's Eve , ' and I said ` OK , ' and that is how it started . " So , on New Year 's Eve , Marion took center stage inside a massive high-heeled red shoe made out of chicken wire , paper mache and plywood , dangling off the roof of the Bourbon Street Pub along Key West 's main street . Just like the spectacular ball in New York 's Times Square , the shoe would be lowered with each final minute of the year until the clock struck midnight . Crowds started to gather , attracting the attention of police , who tried to shut down the event because the pub owner did n't have a permit . "  The police  came upstairs to the balcony and told me to get out of the shoe , " Marion said . "  The owner called the mayor and the mayor was like , ` Leave Sushi alone , close down the street . ' " Today , Key West 's annual "  shoe drop " still stars Marion as Sushi -- in a better-constructed shoe -- and now attracts attention from around the world . Your best moments of 2012 The Bourbon Street Pub festivities were once the place for the gay community to ring in the new year . Today , the crowd is a mixture of tourists and locals from every walk of life . "  You 'll have older gay men next to a family with kids , next to guys in leather , next to a bunch of rowdy bachelorettes , " Marion said . "  Everybody 's welcome . " Each year , Marion makes a special dress for the show , which he wears only once . His outfit is a tightly kept secret until he takes the stage as Sushi on New Year 's Eve . "  They sneak her in the back and it 's a big deal , " said fellow drag queen Richmond Arcie . "  No one really sees the dress until she 's right in the shoe . " Marion said he spends months looking through fashion magazines and watching couture fashion shows , getting inspiration from famous designers . "  I try to make it really elaborate , one of a kind , something you have n't seen before , " he said . He said his dress this year will be fluorescent green , "  like a palm tree exploded -- very tropical . " After ringing in 2013 , Marion will put the dress in storage along with the 15 others from new years past . "  She gives her all to the dress and to the public that night , " Arcie said . "  She puts her best face forward and foot forward for this event . " It takes Marion two hours to transform into Sushi : an hour applying makeup , a half-hour getting into the dress and another half-hour preparing his wig . "  Once you get your face on , your lashes , your lips and your dress , you 're creating somebody different , " Marion said . The street in front of Bourbon Street Pub is closed to traffic to accommodate the crowds . While they wait for Marion as Sushi , a live musical dance and impersonation show is performed on a stage in front of the bar . "  At 11 o'clock , Sushi arrives , and we lower the shoe and put her in it , then raise her up , " said pub owner Joey Schroeder . Over the next hour , Marion as Sushi is lowered 20 feet down inside the fire-engine red shoe made of fiberglass and stainless steel . The shoe is a size 8 -- feet , that is -- with a 4-foot-high heel . "  It is very stable and secure , " Schroeder said . That has n't always been the case . "  It rained the second year , and my foot went through the bottom of it and I was like , ` You guys have to make me a new shoe , ' " Marion recalled . " '  Otherwise  I 'm not going to sit in it . ' " Marion said the months of preparation for the hourlong show , and the potential danger of being dangled in midair , is all worth it because it allows him to represent the gay community and the city of Key West . "  Every year she says , ` This is my last year , ' " Schroeder said , "  and I say , ` Oh Sushi , you are going to be the old lady in the shoe . ' "	Key West 's "  drag queen drop " started in 1996 , starring Gary Marion as "  Sushi " The New Year 's Eve festivities have now gained worldwide attention Marion spends months working on the dress he will wear as Sushi
CNN  -- One of the largest wildfires to hit northern Wisconsin is 95 % contained , fire officials said Wednesday . The 9,000-acre blaze scorched forest land and destroyed 47 buildings , 17 of those homes . Bill Cosh with the Wisconsin Department of Natural Resources said the fire was 95 % contained as of Wednesday night . No one has been reported injured in the fire , which began Tuesday in an area where loggers were working , CNN affliliate KQDS reported . On its website , the Wisconsin Department of Natural Resources said it was the largest fire in that part of the state in the past 33 years . Drivers in the area were urged to drive with caution Wednesday night because firefighters were scheduled to continue their efforts through the overnight hours . Winds help California wildfire to grow quickly	The fire is 95 % contained but crews will work through the night At least 47 structures have been destroyed CNN affiliate reports blaze began in area where logging was taking place
CNN  -- Anjali Thakur is living in fear in India . She is a mother afraid for her son . "  We are all having sleepless nights , " Thakur says . Sourabh Sharma -- one of the Indian students attacked in Melbourne . Her son is n't in a war zone or even a country known to be dangerous . He is a student in Melbourne , Australia . "  Three years back when we sent him , " she says , "  it was one of the safest places for the children to go . " The Australian government says it is still safe but a spate of vicious attacks on Indian students in recent weeks has parents like Thakur and hundreds of students shaken and angry . From Melbourne to Victoria to Sydney Indian students say they are targets of racially motivated attacks . At least 10 Indian students have been attacked over the past month , the most severe case left an Indian student in a coma , another student was stabbed in the stomach , and a third left with a nasty black eye . So far more than a dozen arrests have been made . Australia authorities say they do n't believe the attacks and robberies are racially motivated but instead crimes of opportunity against soft targets : students who typically travel alone at night on public transportation . But hundreds of Indian students see it differently . They have reacted with protests in at least three Australian cities . Police say at one point Indian students decided to take the law into their own hands and retaliate which has been condemned in both India and Australia . The situation has gotten so much attention Australian Prime Minister Kevin Rudd has made several statements on the matter , insisting the attacks are isolated incidents . In an interview on Australian radio he said : "  Every city has violence , let 's put this into perspective , and Australia I 'm advised on the statistics is one of the safest countries in the world for international students . " In India though the perception of a safe Australia has been shattered partly due to the widespread publicity of the recent cases . The story has been front page news for days while local television media has been going with breaking news every time it receives a report of an Indian student attacked anywhere in Australia . Political tension has even bubbled up between India and Australia with India 's Prime Minister Manmohan Singh addressing the attacks and asking Australia does something to safeguard India 's young people . Australia has responded with a 10-point action plan to help safeguard students . A helpline has also been set up . As for Anjali Thakur , she says her son has lived in Australia for three years and never experienced violence ; in fact she says he did n't even know about the attacks in Melbourne where he lives until she called him to warn him . But Thakur has been watching the news in India and seeing a totally different picture of Australia . "  It 's a lovely beautiful peaceful country , " Thakur says , "  but now what you see on TV and what you hear , that 's a total contrast to what we know of Australia . " The Thakur family has responded by refusing to let the youngest son study in Australia and keeping their eldest son from enrolling in a master 's program at his university . If that kind of sentiment spreads , it could have serious consequences for Australia 's $ 12.6 billion-a-year education export industry . More than 80,000 students from India study in Australia . "  Any parent will tell you , " Thakur says , "  they are not going to send a child for the best education in the world at the cost of his life . "	Spate of attacks on Indian students in Australia makes headlines in India Students say attacks racially motivated ; authorities say they are crimes of opportunity Attacks have stoked political tensions between New Delhi , Canberra More than 80,000 Indian students attend Australian universities
Washington  CNN  No civil rights charges will be brought against George Zimmerman in the February 2012 shooting death of Trayvon Martin , the U.S. Justice Department announced Tuesday , citing what it said was insufficient evidence . Zimmerman was acquitted of criminal charges in 2013 in the killing of the 17-year-old Martin , who was black . "  Though a comprehensive investigation found that the high standard for a federal hate crime prosecution can not be met under the circumstances here , this young man 's premature death necessitates that we continue the dialogue and be unafraid of confronting the issues and tensions his passing brought to the surface , " Attorney General Eric Holder said in a news release . "  We , as a nation , must take concrete steps to ensure that such incidents do not occur in the future . " Justice Department prosecutors and officials from the FBI met with Martin 's family on Tuesday to inform them of the decision , the department said . In a Tuesday afternoon statement , the family thanked the Justice Department for its investigation and "  millions of people around the world " who supported them . "  Although we are disappointed in these findings , it has steeled our resolve to continue traveling the country with the message of the Trayvon Martin Foundation , which is dedicated to protecting our youth and empowering those who demand justice and peace , " the statement said . "  We remain poised to do everything in our power to help eradicate senseless violence in our communities , because we do n't want any other parent to experience the unexplainable loss we have endured . We will never , ever forget what happened to our son , Trayvon , and will honor his memory by working tirelessly to make the world a better place . " The case stirred a groundswell of emotion , much of it centered around race . Civil rights leaders , as well as Martin 's relatives , took to the streets contending that the teen -- who 'd gone out to get a drink and Skittles from a Sanford , Florida , convenience store only to run into Zimmerman on his way back -- might still be alive today if not for the color of his skin . Zimmerman , then a neighborhood watch volunteer , never denied shooting Martin . But he argued that he did so in self-defense . He was n't charged right away -- his second-degree murder charge did n't come down until April 2012 . That was a month after the Justice Department and FBI announced that they had opened an investigation . Still , the bar was always high to charge Zimmerman under federal hate crime laws , as it is for anyone . The FBI defines a hate crime as "  a traditional offense like murder , arson , or vandalism with an added element of bias . " Proving that a person attacked someone is one thing . Proving what was going through their mind when they did it -- especially if the other person is dead -- is much harder . Holder acknowledged the law 's high standard in April 2012 : "  Something that was reckless , that was negligent does not meet that standard , " Holder said . "  We have to show that there was specific intent to do the crime with requisite state of mind . " CNN 's Evan Perez and Shimon Prokupecz reported from Washington , and CNN 's Greg Botelho wrote this story from Atlanta .	"  We will never , ever forget what happened to our son , " Trayvon Martin 's family says George Zimmerman was acquitted on a criminal charge of second-degree murder Federal authorities had investigated whether to charge him based on hate crime law
Editor 's note : C. Christine Fair is a political scientist at the RAND Corporation specializing in South Asian politics and military affairs . RAND is a nonprofit institution that conducts research and provides analysis to address challenges facing the United States and the world . Christine Fair says the Mumbai attacks highlighted sources of violence in the region . CNN  -- As the last Mumbai sites were being cleared of terrorists , grim signs emerged of the challenges that face India and Pakistan . Unfortunately , beginning to know what the Mumbai attack was -- and what it was not -- only augurs more violence for India . At least three factors are at play . First , the fact that the attacks thus far have been attributed largely to Pakistani terrorists does n't mean that India 's internal challenges are less dire . Indian officials first claimed , based upon the reported testimony of the only surviving gunman , that the attack was perpetrated by 10 Pakistanis associated with the Pakistan-based Lashkar-e-Tayyiba , acting without the assistance of local facilitators . In recent days , Indian officials have embraced the possibility that Indians may have helped support the grisly attack . Indeed , India will continue to confront an expanding array of internal foes . Until recently , India has generally dismissed the importance of home-grown Islamist militant groups and has focused instead upon the Pakistan-based groups . Many within and without India have claimed that India 's democratic institutions provide Muslims and other marginalized social groups political means to redress their grievances . Yet this narrative obscures the fact that many foreign terrorists have long relied upon Indians for logistical support , and disregards the increasing participation of Indian personnel in India 's other recent attacks . Persistent social inequity for Muslims and other groups remains an important issue for the Indian state . Muslims in India are less likely to be educated and employed in government service and more likely to be poor . They face episodic but large-scale violence . Second , India will remain a target of Pakistan-based terrorism , and not only within its borders . The Indian Embassy in Kabul was attacked last summer with the involvement of the Pakistani government 's Interservices Intelligence Directorate  ISI  , according to American intelligence officials . Indian workers in Afghanistan also have been killed by militants there . Many Pakistanis believe that the British should have awarded the Muslim-majority state of Kashmir to Pakistan when it partitioned the subcontinent and withdrew from South Asia . Instead , its local leadership decided to join India . Pakistan has initiated three limited wars over Kashmir and has sustained a proxy war for nearly two decades . Indeed , most of the Islamist terrorist groups operating in and on behalf of "  liberating " Kashmir were raised and directed by Pakistan 's ISI . Yet the U.S. government has only episodically insisted that Pakistan eliminate all militant groups operating in and from Pakistan . Rather , it first focused its attention on al Qaeda and , in more recent years , the Taliban . No consistent message has been given about the militant groups that have largely set their sights on Kashmir and the Indian hinterland . Yet these groups have tremendous ability to attack and destabilize the region , as underscored by the near-war that developed after the December 2001 attack upon the Indian parliament by Pakistan-based militants . The deaths of Americans in Mumbai may have focused the attention of the American public , but Lashkar-e-Tayyiba has been targeting American and NATO forces in the Kunar and Nuristan provinces of northeastern Afghanistan for the last year . Pakistan 's inability or unwillingness to eliminate all militant groups within its borders should have been viewed as an outrage before the Mumbai massacre . Since 2002 , Pakistan has received some $ 12 billion from Washington , nearly half of it reimbursements for Pakistan 's participation in the war on terror . Yet the international community is paralyzed and unable to forge a comprehensive approach to compel Pakistan to eliminate militancy , fearing variously that pressure will alienate Pakistan , destabilize the fragile democracy or undermine U.S. interests with a surge in nuclear proliferation . Others suggest that Pakistan no longer controls the militant groups it spawned and note that Pakistan too is a victim of terrorism . Third , India has not made adequate investments in its internal security infrastructure . It should reform its often corrupt and poorly trained and equipped police , expand their numbers and restructure their pay . India should also continue developing rapid-action counter-terrorism forces that are more dispersed across the country . It took some nine hours for India 's well-trained National Security Guards to reach Mumbai , in part because they had no dedicated aircraft for their movements . Mumbai and other coastal cities remain vulnerable to attack by sea . India has been battling dozens of insurgencies and terrorist campaigns since its emergence as an independent state in 1947 , yet it has failed to forge an appropriate strategy to deal with these challenges . India must improve social justice , provide better policing and law enforcement , harden targets where possible , and bolster intelligence capabilities and interagency coordination . The international community should deal forthrightly with Pakistan . Pakistan should detain suspects , clamp down on the raft of militant groups in its territory and cooperate fully with New Delhi . Perhaps Interpol may be a productive agency to use , since both states are members . Even if Pakistan can not remand suspects to India for political reasons , it could try them in Pakistani courts , provided that India can provide evidence of their guilt . More than 10 days after the assault and under considerable international pressure , Pakistan has arrested activists associated with the organization . While this is an important step , Pakistan has not proscribed Lashkar-e-Tayyiba  now Jamaat ul Dawa  , much less shut it down , and its leadership remains at large . Even if these arrests temper Indian sentiments , they fall short of eliminating the group 's ability to operate . On all sides , the time for excuses is long past . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Christine Fair .	Christine Fair : Mumbai attacks show sources of tension in the region She says signs point to potential for more violence after attacks Fair : Inequality gives rise to grievances among India 's Muslim population She says India is not well-prepared to respond to violent upheaval
CNN  -- Desmond Brooks had hoped to major in hospitality and considered attending an out-of-state college . Instead , he 's living at home , enrolled at Georgia State University and working full-time for campus security . He abandoned hospitality . Instead he 's majoring in business to learn the machinations of the market . This way , he 'll be able to help his father run his robot repair business that , like many small businesses , is overcoming a downsize . Chris Singh , a junior majoring in finance and managerial science at GSU , plans to delay graduate school to find work and pay off student loans . In a different economy he 'd start grad school right away , he said . In the wake of the recession , the American college experience has decidedly become more career-driven . Students are reconsidering majors or exploring employment options long before they see a diploma . More 2010 graduates have work waiting for them when they graduate than 2009 graduates , but not because they received more job offers . Read hot job spots for the next decade Last year , 40 percent of seniors who applied for jobs received an offer and only 45 percent accepted them , according to a National Association of Colleges and Employers survey . This year , 39 percent of seniors reported receiving a job offers , roughly the same percentage as the class of 2009 , but 59 percent accepted . The classes of 2009 saw graduates from previous years turn down jobs and quickly get better offers in terms of location and pay , said Ed Koc , director of Strategic and Foundation Research for NACE . Often , that better offer never materialized for last year 's class . "  This year 's class had the chance to observe last year 's class , " Koc said . Almost one out of four 2010 graduates who applied for jobs have one waiting for them , a 4.4 percent increase from 2009 's class statistics . Those who were most likely to land a job pursued career-driven majors like accounting , business administration , computer science , engineering , and mathematics , according to the NACE survey . Singh took that into consideration when deciding his major . "  Finance is robust , " he said . "  It 's not recession-proof , but it 's strong . " Education , physical sciences , foreign languages , English , history and political science had the lowest job offer rates , the NACE survey showed . Engineering disciplines account for eight of the 10 most highly paid degrees this year , surveys have shown . Engineering premiered on the annual list of most popular majors compiled by the Princeton Review this year . Communications has slipped since the onset of the recession in 2007 . But surprisingly , some degrees that are not in demand remain popular among students . The top majors according to the Princeton Review 's list , respectively : business administration ; education ; psychology ; nursing ; biology ; English ; political science ; criminal justice ; engineering ; economics ; marketing ; liberal studies ; accounting ; finance and communications . More graduates planned to work for a non-profit or teach , or attend graduate or professional school in 2010 than 2009 , according to NACE . Georgia State psychology major Lyle Brittain said he plans to join the military after graduating to put off joining the workforce . "  My plans have n't changed , " he said , "  Just the outlook . " Students are also opting for service learning programs -- such as freshman seminars or internships -- earlier in their college careers and more extensively , said Rob Franek , senior vice president of publishing for the Princeton Review . "  Rising juniors and seniors  in high school  are looking for a return on investment that will get them a good career and higher education , " Franek said . Brooks , a freshman , said he is working with two others within the international business department to learn better management techniques . "  Hopefully I can have an internship next semester , " said Brooks , whose schedule seems packed already . Choosing liberal arts does n't necessarily mean joblessness , said Wayne Wallace , director of the University of Florida 's Career Resource Center . Students , he said , just need to be more proactive . He said job seekers have to be realistic about their career goals and stay geographically flexible . His advice to college students : stay optimistic and work hard . "  Do n't be overwhelmed by the economic problems , Wallace said . "  These things are cyclical . It 's going to happen multiple times in your life . "	2010 graduates have more jobs off the bat than 2009 graduates because they accepted more offers Business and technical majors fared better in the job market this year More graduates planned to work for a non-profit or teach , or attend graduate or professional school in 2010 than 2009 Career advisor Wayne Wallace tells grads to stay realistic , flexible and optimistic
CNN  -- What is the value and impact of international aid ? In an era of global austerity , this is a question that is frequently posed by policymakers and the citizens they represent . The truth is , it is actually quite hard to measure . But there are important questions about both the quantity and quality of aid that must be answered . Contrary to popular perception , aid is not one homogenous entity or a single transfer of money from donor to recipient countries . The term "  international aid " actually covers a wide variety of things , including food and commodities , advice and training , and debt relief . In 2011 -- the last year we have comprehensive data for -- total development aid from rich countries stood at nearly $ 150 billion , according to the Investments to End Poverty report . Only $ 59 billion identifiably involves the transfer of actual cash to , for example , recipient governments , NGOs operating on the ground or special project funds . Aid in kind makes up another $ 25 billion . Most of this is food aid , which is used to tackle acute hunger -- but even this form of aid is not without controversy . Many donors avoid shipping actual food to developing countries , aware that it destroys local markets and harms local farmers . Research demonstrates that food aid can be poor value for money , especially when food grown in donor countries is shipped to the developing world . Sorghum shipped from the United States is 200 % more expensive than it is in Chad and almost 100 % more than in Sudan , according to Development Initiatives calculations . Despite this , the United States and Japan continue to make extensive use of food shipments . Perhaps even more surprising is the fact that large amounts of aid money never actually leave rich countries . As much as $ 22 billion -- or 20 % of bilateral aid spending -- is spent on activities in donor countries or put towards the cancellation of debt . This includes funds to cover housing , food and other services for the first 12 months of refugees ' stay in the donor country . It also includes public spending on universities to cover the costs for students from developing countries . In 2011 , $ 4.5 billion was spent on refugee costs , $ 3.5 billion on university costs and around $ 7.5 billion on debt relief . As important as these expenditures may be , they do not result in any transfer of resources to developing nations . These schemes may of course be beneficial to recipient countries in the long term -- for example , contributing to capacity development if students return to their countries . But it is undeniable that these schemes are at odds with the common perception of aid as financial support transferred from donor to recipient countries to fight poverty . These different elements of aid obviously have very different effects on economic development and growth . A dollar of cash will have a very different impact to a dollar 's worth of food or a dollar 's worth of a consultant 's time . It is difficult to understand just how bundling all of these items into one lump sum can allow us to draw meaningful and reliable conclusions about the value of aid . This lack of clarity was part of the motivation for Investments to End Poverty -- a major new report that analyzes aid in all of its complexity . At Development Initiatives we reviewed each individual record of foreign aid from OECD donors over the period 2006-2011 -- over a million rows of data . Now , for the first time ever , we can see just how much aid flows between specific countries and , crucially , what that aid consists of . The results are striking . For example , according to our calculations , Italy and Denmark both gave very similar levels of bilateral aid , just above $ 2 billion , in 2011 . But almost 70 % of Italy 's aid stayed in the country , spent on refugee costs and debt relief , whereas around 70 % of Denmark 's aid resulted in a transfer of resources to developing countries . On the recipient side , some countries that appear to receive considerable funds in fact receive a lot less than advertised . Our research found that of the $ 7.5 billion in aid reported as given to the Democratic Republic of Congo in 2011 , more than $ 5 billion was not transferred to that country , and consisted instead of debt relief . All of this matters because we are at a crossroads in international development . In the last few decades , we have seen unprecedented progress in alleviating poverty , as recognised by world leaders meeting at the United Nations General Assembly in New York in September . There is a growing consensus that we can end extreme poverty by 2030 . The truth is that we can not meet this goal without international aid . While FDI and remittances undoubtedly contribute to economic growth in developing countries , aid is the only international resource flow which can be targeted explicitly to improve the lives of the poorest people around the world . In sub-Saharan Africa alone , 400 million people live in extreme poverty and require interventions that are targeted and complementary to existing support to lift them out of it . Without the support of international aid , most poor people will be left behind . If we want to maximize the impact and reach of international aid , we need to ensure that every dollar is spent as efficiently as possible . We can only do this with better information and a clear understanding . Then policymakers in both donor and recipient countries can make better and more informed decisions , and civil society can better monitor progress and hold them to account . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Charles Lwanga Ntale .	Impact of international aid is hard to measure , says Charles Lwanga Ntale large amounts of aid money never actually leave rich countries , he adds But extreme poverty can not be ended without international aid
TEHRAN , Iran  CNN  -- Iran said Wednesday it is investigating reports of violence at a Tehran University dormitory in the wake of rallies sparked by last week 's disputed election . The aftermath of anti-riot police actions at Tehran University shows smashed computer terminals . Tehran University students told a CNN iReporter that government forces staged a massive crackdown early Monday at the university 's dorm . Some students were detained in the raid . Students jumped out of windows to escape the Iranian police forces who threw tear gas and beat students , according to the iReporter , a former Tehran University student who now lives outside Iran . He did not want to be identified for security reasons . CNN has been unable to confirm the account because of restrictions on international media in Tehran . Parliament speaker Ali Larijani on Wednesday called for an "  unbiased report " by the team of lawmakers appointed to look into the "  unfortunate incidents " at the university dorm , according to Iran 's government-funded Press TV . "  There has been news of unfortunate incidents taking place in parts of the city such as the Tehran University dormitory , and it appears that hidden hands are at work to feed foreign media outlets with propaganda , " Larijani said . The investigating lawmakers have spoken to Tehran University students and other officials and are demanding the release of the detained students , Press TV reported . The lawmakers are also calling for the arrest and punishment of those who perpetrated the violence and for students to be compensated for their loss , according to Press TV . The CNN iReporter said one Tehran University student e-mailed him as the assault on the dormitory happened between 1 and 5 a.m. Monday . "  So around 4 a.m. , he sends this very frightening e-mail . He says , ` Right now Ansaar -LSB- pro-government -RSB- forces are outside of buildings and threatening students to , ` Get out of the rooms like good boys . ' Thank God the night is going to be over soon . Please pray for us ! ' " the iReporter told CNN . A couple hours later , the student wrote , "  Some students jumped out of windows to save themselves and got injured , but the shameless forces even beat and arrested those too . ... Some of the arrested students are released after more beating and interrogation , others are missing . " The iReporter said he believes Iranian students have "  a very important role " in Iranian politics , but noted that the current protests in Iran are more than just a student movement . "  At least the perspective that those forces have is that the students are at the leadership of this movement , " he said . "  This might or might not be true especially right now because all the people are involved in this protest and it 's not only students . They have a very important role here . " There have been reports of crackdowns on other Iranian universities . Amateur video posted on YouTube showed several injured people identified as Isfahan University students . Amnesty International said it appeared students were also targeted at Tabriz University in northwestern Iran when security forces entered dormitories there and detained 10 students . Amnesty also reported similar crackdowns on university students in the cities of Shiraz , Mashhad and Zahedan . The human rights agency called on Iranian authorities to "  end attacks on students . " CNN 's Tricia Escobedo contributed to this report .	Tehran University dorm raided , with tear gas and beatings alleged , iReporter says Several students reportedly still being detained by Iranian police Parliament speaker calls for "  unbiased report " to reveal "  hidden hands at work " There have been reports of crackdowns on other Iranian universities
Norman Bridwell , the creator of "  Clifford the Big Red Dog , " has died , according to his publisher , Scholastic . Bridwell died December 12 in Martha 's Vineyard , Massachusetts . He was 86 . According to Scholastic , Bridwell 's "  Clifford " books -- and there are dozens of them -- have sold millions of copies in 13 languages . Clifford also crossed over to television , starring on the PBS Kids series of the same name . A movie is due in 2016 . "  Norman Bridwell 's books about Clifford , childhood 's most loveable dog , could only have been written by a gentle man with a great sense of humor , " said Scholastic Chairman and CEO Dick Robinson . "  Norman personified the values that we as parents and educators hope to communicate to our children -- kindness , compassion , helpfulness , gratitude -- through the Clifford stories which have been loved for more than 50 years . " Clifford , an oversized , clumsy but good-natured dog whose curiosity sometimes gets him into mischief , was born in 1963 . Bridwell originally wanted to name him "  Tiny , " but his wife convinced him otherwise . Clifford 's friend , Emily Elizabeth , takes her name from one of Bridwell 's children . The original Clifford story was about a runty pup who grows into a gigantic dog thanks to Emily Elizabeth 's care . Bridwell 's manuscript was turned down by nine publishers before Scholastic put it out . "  Clifford , the Big Red Dog " was succeeded by such titles as "  Clifford Gets a Job , " "  Clifford and the Grouchy Neighbors " and "  Clifford Follows His Nose . " Other Bridwell books include "  A Tiny Family " and "  The Witch Next Door . " Bridwell is survived by his wife , Norma , his daughter Emily Elizabeth , his son Timothy and three grandchildren . Obituaries 2014 : The lives they led	Norman Bridwell created Clifford in 1963 The giant pooch has starred in dozens of books "  Clifford " has been a TV series and a movie is due in 2016
PEOPLE.com  -- Last Tuesday , Danny Cahill became the biggest ` Biggest Loser ' ever when he dropped 239 lbs . in seven months to win the eighth season title . Now , as NBC goes back to a couples edition of the series , the contestants and the challenges they face get bigger as well . On January 5 , "  The Biggest Loser : Couples " premieres with 11 teams of two competing for the Season 9 crown . Among the players are Michael Ventrella , a 30-year-old deejay from Chicago , Illinois -- who at 526 lbs . becomes the heaviest contestant ever on the series -- and his is mother , Maria , a 51-year-old corporate travel agent . "  I would do anything for Michael , " his mom Maria , who starts at 281 lbs. , told PEOPLE . "  At first I did n't think I could do it because I have too many responsibilities at home . I have a husband who is disabled , my mom in a wheelchair , a full-time job , home cleaning -- it 's a lot . But then he needed it so bad and so I am here , and I need it for myself , too ! " The Ventrellas are one of eight parent-child duos on the show this season . Attorney Melissa Morgan , 39 , and her husband Lance , 38 , a rancher , hail from Aspermont , Texas , and are both interested in losing weight and saving their marriage . California-based cousins Sam Poueu , 24 , and Koli Palu , 29 , were inspired by the success of Tongan cousins Sione and Filipe in season seven and hope to do the same for the people and culture of American Samoa . Orlando , Florida , identical twins James and John Crutchfield , 30 , weighed in at a combined 969 lbs . "  I 'm glad I 'm here , " James said , "  because my only other alternative is surgery . " Here are the other teams vying for a $ 250,000 winner prize or $ 100,000 at-home prize : Mom Patti Anderson , 55 , a business owner , and daughter Stephanie Anderson , 29 , a radio sales executive , from Lafayette and West Hollywood , California . Mom Cherita Andrews a 50-year-old homemaker and daughter Vicky Andrews , a 22-year-old student from Houston , Texas . Mom Miggy Cancel , 48 , a Pemberton , New Jersey chef and daughter Migdalia Sebren , 28 , a homemaker from Sanford , North Carolina . Mom Cheryl George a 50-year-old store-owner and son , Daris George , 25 , a salesman , from Ardmore , Oklahoma . Father O'Neal Hampton , Jr. , a U.S. Postal Service station manager , 51 , and daughter SunShine Hampton , 24 , a restaurant server , from Minneapolis , Minnesota . Father Darrell Hough , a press operator and mechanic , 46 , and daughter Andrea Hough , a 24-year-old executive assistant from Ann Arbor , Michigan . Mom Sherry Johnston , a 51-year-old non-profit administrator and daughter Ashley Johnston , a 27-year-old manager and esthetician from Knoxville , Tennessee . Also , season seven 's Tara Costa will return to PEOPLE.com to blog for season nine ! © 2010 People and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	The ninth season of "  The Biggest Loser " features its heaviest competitors yet A 30-year-old deejay from Chicago , Illinois is the heaviest competitor ever at 526 lbs . The first episode of the new series premieres January 11
Cairo  CNN  -- An angry crowd lingering near the Israeli embassy in Cairo after an attack on the building a day earlier turned on journalists reporting the incident Saturday , accusing at least one of being an Israeli spy . As a CNN crew filmed the embassy from across the street , another crew from American public television -- led by Egyptian television producer Dina Amer -- approached the building . The crew 's Russian cameraman was preparing to film the embassy when a woman in the crowd began hurling insults at the TV team , Amer said . "  There was this older lady who decided to follow me and rally people against me , " Amer recalled . "  She said ` you 're a spy working with the Americans . ' Then they swarmed me and I was a target . " A growing crowd surrounded Amer and her colleagues , as they tried to leave the scene . Mohamed Fadel Fahmy , a producer working for CNN , rushed to help escort Amer through the angry crowd . But suddenly the two reporters were pinned against the railing of an overpass by young men who were accusing Amer of being an Israeli spy . Yelling "  I 'm Egyptian , " Fahmy managed to pull Amer another 10 meters down the road , until the pressure from the mob overwhelmed the pair . Amer screamed as she and Fahmy were knocked to the ground and the crowd started to trample them . Other CNN journalists tried to reach in to help , but were pushed back by a wall of angry men . Fahmy lay on top of Amer , shielding her with his body . "  I was thinking , how powerless I was because there was no police to save us , " Fahmy said . "  I was worried that they were going to rape her . " At that moment , a student bystander named Mohammed el Banna called out to the journalists and pointed out a nearby car . Somehow , Fahmy managed to carry Amer to the open door of the public television crew 's car , where two of her female colleagues were waiting just a few feet away . The mob pounded on the windows and tried to reach into the vehicle as the panicked reporters fumbled and struggled to get behind the steering wheel . When Margaret Warner , a correspondent with the PBS program "  Newshour " managed to get the vehicle moving away from the crowd , men threw stones at the departing vehicle . Amer had few words to describe the terrifying ordeal . "  They were animals , " she said . Other Egyptian journalists told CNN they were also attacked Saturday while trying to report near the Israeli embassy . Ahmed Aleiba , a correspondent with Egyptian state television , said he was pursued by civilians and soldiers . "  I had to run because obviously they were targeting journalists , " Aleiba said in a phone call with CNN . "  They attacked two other TV crews . " "  I was in the car getting ready to film . A soldier knocked on the window with his stick and said ` if you do n't leave by midnight your car will be destroyed , " " said Farah Saafan , a video journalist with the English-language newspaper Daily News Egypt . Journalists have been targeted before in Cairo . On February 2 , dozens of journalists of different nationalities were beaten and pursued around the city while trying to report on pro-Mubarak demonstrations . The day descended into one of brutal street violence , as pro-regime supporters backed by men on horses and camels attacked opposition demonstrators on what became known as the "  Battle of the Camel . " And CBS News correspondent Lara Logan suffered a brutal sexual assault in Tahrir Square while covering the celebrations that followed former President Hosni Mubarak 's resignation on February 11 . On Saturday , as some journalists ran for their lives from the Israeli Embassy , the interim government was holding crisis talks with Egypt 's ruling military council and top intelligence chief . The emergency session concluded with a pledge to honor Egypt 's international treaties and defend foreign embassies . The government also announced plans to re-activate the country 's 30-year-old emergency law . Application of the law had lapsed since the overthrow of Mubarak , according to a senior official in the National Security Directorate , who spoke to CNN on condition of anonymity . One of the five measures announced after Saturday 's crisis talks calls on authorities to make "  media and political powers accountable for inciting security lapses . " "  It 's obvious that there is some sort of plan leading to military rule in this country , " warned Egyptian state TV 's Aleiba . "  The next step will be martial law . "	One Egyptian journalist is accused of being an Israeli spy A producer working for CNN helps her to safety Other journalists report similar experiences
CNN  It 's a neurological disorder that causes involuntary movements and noises -- known as tics -- but for leading goalkeeper Tim Howard , Tourette 's syndrome was the making of him . As revealed in his autobiography , "  The Keeper , " symptoms began to appear when he was 10 , and not long after that , the American was diagnosed and told he also suffered from obsessive-compulsive disorder . But Tourette 's did n't derail his career . Indeed , he said it made him "  hyperfocus " and theorized that it helps him to anticipate in penalty shootouts . Anyone who watched last year 's World Cup in Brazil would n't doubt Howard 's ability . He became a household name in his homeland as well as in other parts of the globe following his stellar display for the U.S. against Belgium in the round of 16 . His performance in South America even earned him a place in the top 10 -- a rarity for a U.S. footballer -- in the Associated Press voting for 2014 male athlete of the year . He tied for sixth with Lionel Messi . The longtime Everton custodian sat down with CNN.com at the club 's training ground last week to discuss family life , relationships and living with Tourette 's . Howard did n't mince words when he called his marriage a "  failure , " waxed lyrical about his children , nine-year-old Jacob -- who is a keeper , too -- and seven-year-old Alivia , and said if he had a choice , he probably would n't live his life without Tourette 's . Q : Tim , let 's talk about your life away from football . How happy are you at the moment ? A : I 'm lucky . I 'm very fortunate . I 've got great friends , great family . I throw everything into football and so it 's nice to kind of have that escape . I 'm happy by nature , and the greatest thing in the world is that I could want for nothing else . I appreciate what I 've been given . Q : You mentioned you are lucky and very fortunate . What 's the best thing about being Tim Howard ? A :  Laughs .  I think the best part is my family . I think everyone would appreciate having a healthy family , having a good strong circle around them -- and I do . I do n't take that for granted , I feel fortunate . Q : What 's the most difficult aspect about being Tim Howard ? A : At the moment it 's being away from my kids . I think any parent would agree that is difficult . But it 's a sacrifice on the front end so I can retire before I am 40 and be home every day . Q : You discussed in the book the trips you made from England to Memphis to see your kids and how accommodating  former Everton manager  David Moyes was . This season we know you 're taking time out from the national team to have a bit more time with your children . How often are you going back now ? A : I 'm getting more opportunities because obviously there are longer international breaks ; I am not playing , so I 've been able to get back and see my kids a lot more often , which has been a godsend really . Q : But you are not going every week ? A : No , gosh no . I wish . I got a generous manager  Roberto Martinez ,  but not that generous  smiles .  He gives me time off when there are little pockets . Obviously football is the utmost importance for this club and when he has the opportunity to give me a leave of absence , he does -- and which again , I am thankful for because that is not something that is guaranteed . That 's out of the goodness of his heart . Q : People often rate you as a goalkeeper , but how does Tim Howard rate himself as a father ? A : Good question . I 'd like to say 10 , but hey , you know  laughs .  I look forward to getting home , being closer to my children and retiring , really , being able to do the day-to-day things -- going to school , picking them up from baseball practice and soccer practice . I think my daughter asked me to coach her soccer team , so I do n't know how that 's going to work out , but we 'll see . Q : What if Jacob and Ali say , "  Dad , I want to be a pro athlete ?! " You 've experienced the highs but have also paid the price personally . A : I would certainly guide them in that direction and help them through it . I think you learn from your failures in life more . I do n't think you learn from success . Any parent knows you want to shelter your child from hurt and disappointment and failure , but at the same time you know they have to go through that to learn and to grow . It 's been great for me , the highs and the lows . So I would push them in that direction . I think Jacob would like to be a goalkeeper , so we 'll see . We do n't push our children to be incredible athletes . We give them the platform to go have fun . Ali is a striker and she 's doing really well and Jacob plays in goal and mimics everything I do , which makes me beam and sometimes cringe , but it 's one of those things where I get so much pride watching him try to emulate some of the things I have done . Q : Like Daddy , does he yell in goal ? A :  Smiles .  Yeah , we have had to have that conversation a few times . Ninety percent of what I do in the game is praise and to give direction . But every now and then I have to get on one of the guys , as they have to get on me . I think that gets highlighted , so I have to tell him most of the time its praise . Q : Tim , you were talking about failure . How would you classify your marriage with Laura ? Was your marriage a failure ? A : We got divorced so I think ultimately the marriage side of it is a failure . But in life and in parenting that 's been a huge success . I think that 's been part of the story and that 's been a great part of the story . Q : In the book you mention how it may be difficult for you to ever get married again because of the sort of extended family you have . How much has your view changed since then ? A : It has to be a very special dynamic , yeah . There is always hope for my personal life , but I think that my children are my No. 1 priority so everything else has to kind of fall into place in regards to them . Q : But are you ready for another long-term relationship if you found that right person ? A :  Laughs  . Oh , I do n't know about that . That 's something I 'll let fall into place if it does . Q : Concerning life on the pitch , you talked about Tourette 's syndrome helping you in aspects of goalkeeping . How different of a goalkeeper would you be if you did n't have Tourette 's ? A : It 's a tough question to answer in terms of what my life would be like without it . I have no idea . I found a way to cope with it and succeed and so it 's hard for me to say exactly who I would be or what type of goalkeeper I would be . I hope physically I would have the same attributes so I would hope that a certain time in my career I would figure out the mental approach to my game , but it 's certainly helped me . Q : If someone said , "  Tim , you could live your life without Tourette 's syndrome , " what would you say ? A : It 's hard for me to imagine what a day would be like without Tourette 's syndrome because I am so content and happy with who I am .  Pauses .  I would probably say , "  No . "	Tim Howard says the best thing about being Tim Howard is having his family Howard has two young children and they both play football in the U.S. Howard is divorced and called his marriage a "  failure " He looks forward to retiring before 40 and spending more time with his kids
CNN  -- A U.N. official said Monday that the global economic crisis is hurting efforts to clear land mines in Afghanistan , one of the world 's most heavily mined countries . An Afghan soldier inspects a land mine in Herat , western Afghanistan . Haider Reza , program director of the U.N. Mine Action Center for Afghanistan , said more than 82,000 anti-personnel mines were cleared in Afghanistan last year . But he said the $ 500 million needed to meet the goal of clearing all mines by 2013 is under threat . "  We are at a very critical point , and this country and people can not afford to see a devastating situation where not much money will come , " Reza said , in remarks included in a U.N. news release . More than 4 million people live in "  mine-contaminated " areas in Afghanistan , the U.N. says . The clearance of explosives is considered of key importance for the country 's development . The anti-personnel mines and 900 anti-tank mines cleared this past year constitute more than 20 percent of mines cleared from the country since 1989 , the United Nations said . The Ottawa Convention on land mines specifies that Afghanistan must be completely cleared of mines and unexploded ordnance by 2013 . The Afghanistan Compact , the partnership between the Afghan government and the international community , is calling for "  70 percent of explosive-infested land to be cleared by 2011 . " "  If the resources flow into the program , we have the technical capacity and we can do the job , " said Reza , who is reaching out to new donors , such as Persian Gulf nations . "  God forbid that the security situation throughout the country , especially in areas where we have to do the job , deteriorates to the extent that would not allow our de-miners to do their job . Otherwise , I am very confident we will make it , " he said .	$ 500M needed to meet the goal of clearing all mines by 2013 , official says U.N. : 82,000 anti-personnel mines were cleared in Afghanistan last year More than 4 million people live in "  mine-contaminated " areas in Afghanistan U.N. official : "  If the resources flow into the program , we can do the job "
CNN  -- The woman who scrambled to safety after a small plane crashed into her Florida home gave thanks to God on Saturday for allowing her to escape without a scratch and for keeping her family safe . Susan Crockett stood in front of her one-story Palm Coast home , which now has a huge black hole where the four-seater plane went down Friday afternoon , killing all three people aboard . "  God is good . He really is , " Crockett told reporters . "  I got out without a scratch on me . A little bruise from taking a tumble through the window , but other than that , I 'm fine . I 'm blessed . Truly , God was with me . " The 1957 Bonanza H35 took off from Fort Pierce , Florida , and was on its way to Knoxville when the pilot reported engine trouble , officials said . "  From what we 've been told , the pilot was having some malfunctions in flight , " said Chief Investigator Terry Duprie of the National Transportation Safety Board . The plane was diverting to Flagler County Airport , near the coast about 30 miles north of Daytona Beach , when it crashed a mile east of the airport , Federal Aviation Administration spokeswoman Kathleen Bergen said . Killed in the crash were Michael R. Anders , 57 , and Duane L. Shaw , 59 , both of Albany , Kentucky , and Charissee M. Peoples , 42 , of Indianapolis , Indiana , according to the Florida Highway Patrol . A preliminary NTSB report on the crash is expected in about 10 days , Duprie said , but the full investigation is expected to take many months . Investigators will try to figure out why the plane made such a steep descent into the home and whether the weather conditions -- light rain and low clouds -- played any role , he said . Tall pine trees surround the home , which is in a rural residential area home to many retirees . The crash caused an intense fire that incinerated much of the plane , something that will make the investigation difficult , Duprie said . But the pilot was talking to air traffic controllers in Daytona Beach , "  and I think that will help us out quite a bit down the road . " Crockett said she was getting ready to leave her house when something told her to stop . A few more feet , she said , and she would have been hit . Her college-age daughter , Jessica , who was home for the holidays , would have been lounging on a bed that 's now "  charred and mangled " if she had n't decided to head back to school a few days early , Crockett said . Crockett 's grandson often comes over to her house , where "  he stands in front of the television that 's now a big glob of metal , " but his dad decided to take him to day care Friday , she said . Members of Crockett 's church bought her clothes and shoes to wear , since she escaped the house with next to nothing . She did manage to rescue the folded flag she received after her sister , who was in the Army , died about three years ago . It 's blackened , but intact , she said . "  I 'm just praising God that I 'm alive , " Crockett said Saturday .	A small plane crashed into Susan Crockett 's home on Friday The three people aboard the plane were killed Crockett crawled out of a window to safety The NTSB is investigating the cause of the crash
CNN Student News  -- November 26 , 2013 CNN Student News ' last program before Thanksgiving explains why travelers might want to pack patience before heading out : A stretch of winter weather is threatening transportation across the U.S. . We also cover stories involving Christianity and Judaism , and we cook up a by-the-numbers look at the Thanksgiving holiday . Teachers , please note that CNN Student News will not air the rest of this week for Thanksgiving . The daily program will return on Monday , December 2 . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , Maps pertaining to today 's show , and a place for you to leave feedback . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . DAILY CURRICULUM Click here for a printable version of the Daily Curriculum  PDF  . Media Literacy Question of the Day : What challenges might a reporter face when interviewing passersby about a news issue ? What characteristics might he or she look for in potential interviewees ? Key Concepts : Identify or explain these subjects you heard about in today 's show : 1 . devotional 2 . Hanukkah 3 . Thanksgiving Fast Facts : How well were you listening to today 's program ? 1 . What advice is given in the report on planning airline travel in winter ? 2 . What have been some of the reactions to a deal that eases sanctions against Iran in return for limits on its nuclear program ? 3 . What percentage of Americans eat turkey on Thanksgiving ? Discussion Questions : 1 . What information might an airline seek before canceling a flight ? In what ways might airlines , airports , transportation companies and travelers prepare in advance for wintertime travel ? 2 . Where do you turn for inspiration or strength when you are in a stressful or challenging situation ? 3 . What traditions does your family have around the Thanksgiving holiday ? What do you know about how these traditions began ? CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists and educators who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show and curriculum . We hope you use our free daily materials along with the program , and we welcome your feedback on them . MAPS Download PDF maps related to today 's show : Asia Iran FEEDBACK We 're looking for your feedback about CNN Student News . Please use this page to leave us comments about today 's program , including what you think about our stories and our resources . Also , feel free to tell us how you use them in your classroom . The educators on our staff will monitor this page and may respond to your comments as well . Thank you for using CNN Student News ! Click here to submit your Roll Call request .	This page includes the show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , and Maps Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary The Daily Curriculum offers the Media Literacy Question of the Day , Key Concepts , Fast Facts and Discussion Questions At the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculum
SEATTLE , Washington  CNN  -- The park bench facing Lake Washington is covered with flowers , poems , a pack of Lucky Strike cigarettes and graffiti . Fans leave flowers and mementos in honor of Kurt Cobain near his Seattle home . "  I miss your beautiful face and voice , " one dedication reads . "  Thank you for inspiring me , " says another . "  RIP Kurt . " Fifteen years ago Wednesday , at a house adjacent to the park , Kurt Cobain 's dead body was discovered by an electrician . The Nirvana frontman , 27 , had committed suicide , police later ruled , killing himself with a shotgun while high on heroin and pills . His death ended a battle with hard drugs and added Cobain to a long list of legendary musicians , such as Jimi Hendrix and Janis Joplin , whose careers were cut short by their addictions . Cobain 's ashes were reportedly scattered in a Washington state river and a New York Buddhist temple . Nirvana band mates Krist Novoselic and Dave Grohl eventually formed other bands . Cobain 's widow , Courtney Love , stayed in the limelight with an acting career and legal problems surrounding her own drug problems . Frances Bean , the couple 's daughter , has largely lived outside the public eye . What was unclear when Cobain died was whether the music Nirvana created would endure or fade away like the grunge craze it helped to inspire . "  At one point I thought , 15 years on , no one would really know who Kurt Cobain was outside of a group of diehard fans , " said Jeff Burlingame , a Cobain biographer who grew up with the musician in Aberdeen , Washington , and knew him when he was a teenager who , without a place to sleep , crashed on mutual friends ' couches . But Nirvana 's music endured , and Cobain even found fans in his hometown of Aberdeen , which he had derided as a small-minded town . "  The old-timers who were there when Kurt was around really took offense to some of the things he said about the area , so they had no real reason to honor him , " said Burlingame , who co-founded the Kurt Cobain Memorial Committee . A famous son is a famous son , though . Now , visitors arriving in Aberdeen are greeted with a sign that reads "  Come As You Are , " after a famous Nirvana song . Cobain Memorial Committee members , who include Cobain 's paternal grandfather , hope to establish a community center in the late rocker 's honor that would give area youth a place to play music and pursue artistic interests . A concert will be held Friday in Seattle to honor Cobain and raise money for the center . When Cobain died , he left behind a fortune that was estimated in the millions . Even more money poured in over time from the royalties from his songs . But a lawyer hired by Love , Rhonda Holmes , says most of that money is missing . According to Holmes , Love recently discovered that "  managers , assistants , CPAs , lawyers , people like that who were supposed to be entrusted with carrying for their well-being and finances basically looted the estate . " Forensic accountants are now trying to determine where tens of millions of dollars from Cobain 's estate ended up and how it could be recovered , Holmes said .	Kurt Cobain died 15 years ago , a suicide at 27 Cobain , frontman for band Nirvana , has been influential in music Even his hometown has honored him ; Cobain had derided it Attorney for Courtney Love , Cobain 's widow , says many "  looted the estate "
CNN  There were three Selma to Montgomery marches in March 1965 , and Rosa Parks had missed the first one . Parks , whose act of civil disobedience sparked the Montgomery bus boycott in 1955 , moved to Detroit two years later for safety reasons . Death threats , in Alabama , were too much for her to endure . For eight years , Parks , a working-class woman , toiled at the Stockton Sewing Co. in Michigan , making dishrags , for low wages . But on March 1 , 1965 , she abruptly quit to join U.S. Rep. John Conyers ' staff in Detroit . The voting rights movement in the South , led by the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. , coupled with the assassination of Malcolm X that February , had re-energized her appetite for direct political action . On Sunday , March 7 , Parks was at home in Detroit watching the ABC television premiere of "  Judgment at Nuremberg " when the broadcast was suddenly interrupted by a news flash from Selma , Alabama . A peaceful throng of voting rights activists had marched onto the steel-arched Edmund Pettus Bridge that spanned the Alabama River , only to be brutally assaulted by police and Alabama state troopers , most of them wearing gas masks . Before being arrested and beaten these protesters had been headed to the state capital in Montgomery , a distance of 54 miles , to demand federal protection of blacks ' right to vote . That Sunday afternoon , 25-year-old John Lewis , then chairman of Student Nonviolent Coordinating Committee and today a U.S. congressman from Georgia 's 5th District , had been tear-gassed and billy clubbed as he tried to cross the bridge . The sight of him being beaten sickened Parks . Lewis had emerged as the bravest and youngest of the major civil rights leaders of the Kennedy-Johnson era , even speaking at the March on Washington in 1963 . As a Freedom Rider in the South , he was arrested 24 times , and proud of it . Therefore on March 9 , to protest "  Bloody Sunday , " as the incident became known , Parks walked down Detroit 's wide Woodward Avenue in full solidarity with Brother Lewis and the others arrested in Selma . "  The Edmund Pettus Bridge for me was wrought in symbolism , " Parks recalled years later . "  The photos taken that day made me think of the bridge as a battlefield , like at Lexington and Concord . It was the start of a turning point . " So when King -- who had been in Atlanta for "  Bloody Sunday " -- telegrammed Parks about returning to Alabama to take part in a third mass march from Selma to Montgomery , her immediate answer was "  Why , of course . " Once back in Montgomery in late March at King 's request , Parks looked around to see what had changed since the '50s . "  One of the first things I did was look at the buses , " she told me in 1997 . "  And yes -- they were integrated . ... That felt good . " On March 25 , Parks , the "  Mother of the Movement , " spoke eloquently in Montgomery though her soft voice was barely audible over the crackling speakers . Per usual , King stole the show that day with a rousing piece of oratory . "  We are on the move , " the Nobel Peace Prize-winning preacher shouted , "  and no wave of racism will stop us ! " That evening King flew back to Atlanta in high spirits , deeming the third Selma-to-Montgomery march an unqualified success . Yet Parks , near broke , took a bus back to Atlanta the next day , deeply depressed . There was too much white hatred still in Montgomery to feel victorious . Her great fear was that Selma was only a stride forward , in basketball parlance , not a slam-dunk . America was still poisoned by the curse of institutional racism . The fight for voting rights was just beginning . True ballot-box equality was still a long way off . Even after President Lyndon B. Johnson signed the Voting Rights Act of 1965 that summer , Parks remained somewhat skeptical . She knew Southern white bigots would concoct evil new ways to disenfranchise black people . As America reflects on the significance of the 50th anniversary of Selma this weekend , it 's important to honor the martyrs of "  Bloody Sunday " in a lasting way . Certainly , the fact that Barack Obama , an African-American , is U.S. President proves that Lewis did n't get his head dented in vain . But the recent egregious findings of the Department of Justice following the Michael Brown case as well as other incidents resulting in the deaths of unarmed men of color still give us reason to pause . "  I remember feeling something was not right , " Parks recalled shortly after the third Selma march . "  Even though the march was over , I felt that everything was not right . " One thing "  not right " on the 50th anniversary of the Selma marches is the sad fact that the Edmund Pettus Bridge has n't been renamed the John Lewis Bridge . Continuing to honor Pettus -- a Confederate general , U.S. senator and white supremacist -- is insulting to America 's civil rights heroes . When the bridge was built in 1940 , Jim Crow ruled Alabama . Dallas County blacks had no say in the bridge being named to honor a Reconstruction-era white supremacist . Thankfully a group of conscientious students has recently started a petition drive to rid the iconic bridge of Pettus ' name . But let 's go further than just removing Pettus ' name ; let 's rename the bridge for someone who deserves our admiration . I 'm not a historian who thinks Confederate memorials should be boarded up . Places such as Jefferson Davis ' Beauvoir estate along the Mississippi Gulf Coast and the pedestaled statue of Robert E. Lee in New Orleans  turning his back to the North  need historic preservation . But the Edmund Pettus Bridge -- which in 2013 was declared a National Historic Landmark -- is n't symbolic of the Civil War in a meaningful way . It is , however , the modern-day battlefield where the voting rights movement was born . There is no more fitting tribute to the death of Jim Crow than to rename the "  Bloody Sunday " bridge after Lewis . I urge President Barack Obama , the National Park Service , the state of Alabama and the city of Selma to "  do the right thing . " Like the Statue of Liberty , the John Lewis Bridge would become a sacred place for visitors to reflect on noble American traditions -- in this case , peaceful protest and voting rights . The "  We Shall Overcome " year of 1965 would , at last , be given its historical due in Selma . "  I 'm with the kids , " the Rev. Joseph Lowery , a close associate of King 's , recently said in supporting the Edmund Pettus Bridge being redesignated . "  Let 's change it . "	Ceremonies attended by President Obama to mark march 's 50th anniversary over bridge Douglas Brinkley : Site where voting rights battle was fought should be named for John Lewis
Today was a strange day . I 'm used to handling the brief but overwhelming burst of media attention that comes with new stories about medical breakthroughs and ethical issues . But I do n't often get an accompanying deluge of passionate e-mails and phone calls from people who had read my comments , denouncing me for criticizing science , especially medical research that "  can save millions of lives . " There is definitely something special about this idea of "  therapeutic cloning , " something that has a religious feel to it . Most of those messages come from people who have family members suffering from some of the diseases that we are told will be cured , and it 's hard to have to pour cold water on people 's hopes . TIME : Scientists clone human stem cells I feel really angry at the scientists and PR people who have sold the idea of cloned human stem cells to so many patient support groups , when there is so little scientific substance to their promises . We are told that there will be great medical benefits and that the risks that there will be cloned babies are small , but in truth it 's the other way round . Let 's deal with the cloned babies issue first . Ordinary people know perfectly well why human cloning is wrong , and that 's why governments around the world , including all developed nations except the USA have banned it . But there are plenty of desperate people and egoistic tycoons wanting to be cloned , and plenty of unscrupulous IVF doctors happy to relieve them of their cash . And there are still countries where those doctors can go to evade legal sanctions . What the Oregon scientists have done is to deliver the baby that the would-be human cloners have been waiting for 15 years -- what looks like a reliable technique for creating cloned embryos . I think it was irresponsible to publish their research before there is a comprehensive global ban on cloning , with tough sanctions . But I think what makes me even angrier as a scientist is the hype and false promises around therapeutic cloning . Let 's be clear : this is not about embryonic stem cell research , which , despite the hype may deliver something given time , although the alternatives of adult stem cells and induced pluripotent stem cells look set to deliver results much quicker . And I 'm not a pro-lifer ; destruction of embryos is not what bothers me . The cloning element is there purely for the purposes of creating tissues genetically identical to the patient that wo n't be rejected , and that 's a nice idea . The trouble is it brings a whole raft of biological problems with it that create major risks to the patient as well as creating an impossibly expensive process . With cloning , you are forcing nature to do something that it does not want to , so the new risks are to be expected . Cloning creates abnormalities in the genetic read-out , which is the reason that cloned animals are so often sick . Those errors will be there in any stem cells and tissues produced by cloning . Those problems are another reason why cloning babies would be hugely unethical , but they do n't necessarily make it impossible . Finally , even if you could somehow solve these problems , the use of genetically matched tissues in mainstream medicine is simply not feasible and , unlike electronic gadgets , medical costs go up , not down . In addition to the extremely expensive process of cloning , for each patient you have to culture stem cells and reliably turn them into the tissue you want with 100 % efficiency , so you do n't get a single left over stem cell that will cause tumors . You have to do all that to a standard of accuracy that will satisfy government regulators and medical liability lawyers when something goes wrong . Forget it . We do n't do anything remotely approaching this in medicine and it does n't look like medical budgets are growing , does it ? There are other much better solutions to the tissue rejection problem that will cost a fraction of the price . The fact is that the cloning paper published on Wednesday is zombie science . Therapeutic cloning was dead and buried years ago , but it just seems to keep on going , and so do people 's hopes . There is definitely something weird here , something that brings out religious terminology like "  the Holy Grail of medicine " around therapeutic cloning . That 's because therapeutic cloning is a fantasy , one that belongs to the modern religion , the religion of technocracy . That 's the only way I can explain how scientists who ought to know better seem to get drunk on their power over nature and keep pursuing this absurd dream . People often say to me that scientists pursuing therapeutic cloning are "  just trying to make money , " but the truth is worse . Driven by their technocratic ideology , they betray their own credo of sticking to the facts , and that 's bad enough . But to keep raising people 's hopes in this way is really unforgivable .	Scientists in Oregon say they 've successfully cloned human stem cells for first time Advocates of human stem cell cloning say the development will save lives King says there is little scientific substance to the purported benefits of therapeutic cloning King : Scientists are irresponsible to publish research before global ban on cloning
CNN  -- In 2007 , while serving as a Navy SEAL in Iraq , my team was hit by a suicide truck bomb . As I made my way through the debris of our barracks , ears ringing , choking on chlorine gas , I looked down and saw blood . I soon realized that the blood was not mine , but was from my friend Joel , who had been an arm 's length from me . When I came home from Iraq , I visited with Joel and also went to Bethesda Naval hospital , to meet with recently returned wounded Marines . I asked each one of them , "  what do you want to do when you recover ? " They all told me , "  I want to go back to my unit . " The harsh reality , however , was that many of them were not going to return to their units . Their injuries were severe . They had lost limbs , the function of a lung , hearing . So I asked them , "  If you ca n't go back to your unit right away , what else would you like to do ? " One Marine told me that he 'd like to return to his community as a football coach and mentor . Another Marine said he was considering becoming a teacher . Still another wanted to work at Bethesda , counseling other wounded veterans . As I left Bethesda that day , I knew that I was part of a long line of visitors and well-wishers that would pass through those halls , thanking veterans for their military service . But after my conversations , I realized that these men and women needed to hear more than , "  Thank you . " They also needed to hear , "  We still need you . " In order for their transitions back to their communities to be successful , in order to find the same purpose they felt in uniform , they needed to be challenged . At The Mission Continues , we challenge veterans to serve and inspire in communities across America . We are creating successful transitions by engaging returning veterans in six-month fellowships at nonprofit and public service organizations in their home communities . During their fellowships , our veterans are provided with a stipend , mentors , and an intensive curriculum designed to achieve one of three post-fellowship goals . They go on to full-time employment , full-time education , or participate in an ongoing role of service in their communities . In our program , Marine veteran Hiawatha Clemons returns to the same middle school he once attended , to serve as a tutor and role model for young students . Army veteran Rachael Gutierrez reconnects with her desire to serve , helping Habitat for Humanity build homes in Anthem , Arizona . Former Army cannon crewmember Kelvin McLemore responds to 911 calls with the Phoenix Fire Department , bringing assistance and comfort as part of the Crisis Response Team . To date , we have awarded more than 500 Fellowships to post-9 / 11 veterans , who have served with more than 300 organizations across the country . Our Fellows serve and they inspire . Together we 've engaged more than 25,000 volunteers to work alongside veterans at service projects , bringing communities together in more than 40 states and the District of Columbia . Our program is having an impact . In two independent research reports , the School of Social Work at Washington University in St. Louis has found that nearly 80 % of the participants in our program felt that serving in the community had a positive effect on their future employability , performance , and promotion , or that it instigated them to make a career change . In fact , 86 % of participants reported transferring their military skills to civilian employment and 100 % of Fellows reported that they will probably or definitely stay involved in volunteer activities and public service in the future . Our program is successful because diverse groups support our work . We are proud to have thousands of individuals donate their time and energy to spread awareness of our mission . They have volunteered at service projects and invested in our program . We are equally proud of the companies like Goldman Sachs , Boeing , and Target that make financial investments to fund our fellowships , and bring their employees out to service events across the country . Together , these groups make us stronger . We need their strength , because there is still much work to be done . With the end of the war in Iraq , and the drawdown in Afghanistan , our military is getting smaller . Over the next year , more than a quarter million service members will transition from the military . In order for veterans to transition successfully , more communities across America must recognize the service they still have to give . We believe that when the story of this generation of veterans is written , it will not only be a story of the wars they have fought overseas , it will also be a story of the homes built , the parks restored , and the young minds engaged by veterans whose mission continues in communities here at home .	Eric Greitens is an Iraq War veteran and former Navy SEAL officer He founded The Mission Continues to help veterans transition to civilian life Greitens : Communities must recognize the service veterans still have to give
CNN  -- Thousands of Chileans may have to sleep in the streets Wednesday night after a 7.7 magnitude earthquake rattled the north part of the country , killing at least two people , injuring dozens and destroying hundreds of homes . Valentina Bustos shot this photo Wednesday of earthquake damage at a hotel in Antofagasta , Chile . "  There are more than a thousand , 1,200 houses , at least , that were totally flattened , and others in bad shape , " Tocopilla Mayor Luis Moyano said in an interview that aired on Radio Cooperativo . Tocopilla , Chile , north of Santiago , is about 35 km  21 miles  from the quake 's epicenter . "  Tonight , people are going to have to sleep in the street , because there are a great number of houses that are uninhabitable , " said Moyano . Places that could be used as shelters , such as schools and gyms , were damaged in the quake , the mayor said . Moyano put the number of people without shelter at 4,000 . Tocopilla 's population is 24,000 . Moyano described going through the damaged city and running into people asking , "  Mayor , my house collapsed . What do I do ? Mayor , I do n't have water . What do I do ? " "  It gets to you , " he said . Paula Saez with the aid organization World Vision told CNN she was on a treacherous drive attempting to reach Tocopilla . "  There 's no electricity and there 's a lot of landslides " covering the road in spots , she said , and the highway was spotted with holes . Once in Tocopilla , Saez said , she was prepared to offer tents , blankets and medicine to citizens and assess additional needs . The government 's Office of National Emergency reported that two women had died and others were injured in the city . Officials identified one of those killed as 54-year-old Olga Petronila Ortiz Cisternas . The other fatality was an 88-year-old woman . Watch what a 7.7 earthquake can do " Municipal official Ljubica Ukurtovic , in an interview with Chilean TV station TVN , said that "  approximately 100 people " had sought treatment at a Tocopilla hospital . The quake collapsed a roadway tunnel , temporarily trapping about 50 construction workers . See where the quake struck " High-level government sources said the workers had been rescued . Repair work on the 793-meter  2,600-foot  Pedro Galleguillos tunnel , completed in 1994 , began on October 1 and was to be finished early next year . Tocopilla is about 1,245 km  780 miles  north of Santiago and the quake was felt in Peru and Bolivia , according to the U.S. Geological Survey . The temblor was centered at a depth of 60 km  37 miles  , the USGS said . A tsunami warning was issued for the South Pacific coast after the quake hit , but was canceled within an hour . Chile has been the scene of hundreds of strong earthquakes throughout history , including the largest one of the 20th century on May 22 , 1960 . The quake that struck southern Chile that day registered a magnitude 9.5 and launched a tsunami that caused damage as far away as Hawaii , Japan and the Philippines . Nearly 6,000 people died as a result of the quake and its tsunami . A magnitude 7.8 earthquake that struck southern Chile on January 25 , 1939 , killed 28,000 people . A magnitude 9.0 earthquake in what was then southern Peru but is now northern Chile killed 25,000 people in 1868 . E-mail to a friend	NEW : Tocopilla mayor : More than 1,200 homes flattened , shelters damaged Dozens of workers freed from collapsed roadway tunnel , officials say Chilean Navy is moving heavy equipment into the area to help with rescue 7.7 quake north of Tocopilla happened at 12:40 p.m.  10:40 a.m. ET
CNN  -- French President Francois Hollande has paid his first visit to partner Valerie Trierweiler since she was admitted to a hospital amid reports that he is having an affair , his office said Friday . New claims emerged Friday about the reported liaison between the President and French actress Julie Gayet , including allegations that it has been going on for two years . In its online edition , the French magazine Closer , which first published reports of an affair a week ago , says the "  couple " also made use of a second apartment near the Elysee Palace for romantic trysts and went on weekend breaks in the south of France . The tabloid 's latest allegations come a day after it said that Gayet is suing the magazine over its earlier report . Her lawyers want 50,000 euros for invasion of privacy plus 4,000 euros in legal fees , according to the magazine . In a news conference Tuesday at the Elysee Palace , Hollande did not confirm or deny the reports of an affair . The claims have sparked a media firestorm unusual for France , where privacy is closely guarded . Hollande paid his first visit to Trierweiler 's bedside Thursday evening , CNN affiliate BFM-TV said . Trierweiler , a journalist and Hollande 's partner of several years , was hospitalized after the report emerged a week ago . She told French radio station RTL in a story published Thursday that the President had not visited her in the hospital , because her doctors barred him from doing so , but that he had sent flowers and chocolate . The first lady is being kept distant from her entourage while she clears her head and recovers , the radio station said . ` Painful moments ' Hollande delivered New Year 's wishes to the French diplomatic corps Friday and was expected to talk about France 's foreign policy priorities . France is involved in international discussions aimed at resolving the crisis in Syria and limiting Iran 's nuclear ambitions . It has also recently sent peacekeeping forces to the strife-torn Central African Republic and has about 2,500 troops engaged in security operations in Mali . The international media has been gripped by the growing furor over his personal life , but Hollande tried to keep the focus on his economic plans at his annual news conference Tuesday . Asked then whether Trierweiler was still the first lady of France , Hollande said personal affairs should be dealt with in private . "  Everybody in their personal lives can go through hardships . This is the case for us , " he said . "  These are painful moments , but I have one principle : Private affairs are dealt with in private . This is not the place nor the time to do this . " In his remarks , Hollande indicated that he would not sue Closer for breach of privacy . He has immunity as President , so it would not be fair for him to pursue legal action when others can not take action against him , he suggested . But his indignation over the invasion of privacy is "  total , " he said , adding , "  It 's a violation that affects a fundamental freedom . " Asked about Trierweiler 's health , Hollande said that she was "  resting " and that he had nothing more to add . Hollande and Trierweiler are expected to visit the United States at the invitation of President Barack Obama and his wife , Michelle . Their itinerary next month includes a February 11 state dinner at the White House . Hollande said he would clarify the situation before the February trip . Public opinion The media uproar comes as Hollande is battling to turn around a struggling economy and low personal approval ratings . However , it 's not clear how much impact the claims will have on his political fortunes . A survey by French pollster Ifop with French newspaper Le Journal du Dimanche found that more than three-quarters of respondents saw the alleged affair as "  a private matter that only concerns Francois Hollande . " Only 23 % of those questioned for the survey , conducted January 10 and 11 , considered it a public matter , Ifop said . More than eight in 10 of those surveyed said the revelations had not changed their opinion of the French President . Only 13 % said they thought worse of Hollande in light of the claims . French President ducks questions over affair allegations Opinion : Personal or political , it 's time Hollande got his affairs in order Report : French President mulls legal action over claim of affair with actress CNN 's Sandrine Amiel and Jim Bittermann contributed to this report .	NEW : Francois Hollande has visited Valerie Trierweiler at a hospital , his office says Closer magazine publishes new claims about an affair involving the president It says Hollande and actress Julie Gayet have been involved for two years Gayet is suing Closer for invasion of privacy over its report last week
CNN  Tuesday , April 14 , is Equal Pay Day . Here 's the announcement presidential candidate Hillary Clinton should make : "  Today in America , women earn on average 77 cents for every dollar men earn . And the gap is even greater for women of color . That 's unconscionable . As president , my top priority will be fixing inequality and ensuring that 100 % of the population is paid 100 % of what they 're worth . And so , I 'm announcing that if elected president , I will take a 23 % pay cut , equivalent to the current gender wage gap , to stand in solidarity with working women in America . And I wo n't take a raise until every woman in America gets a raise , too . " April 14 was n't just chosen at random as Equal Pay Day . It 's based on a calculation : For women to make the same amount of money that men made in 2014 , they 'd have to work until April 14 , 2015 . A woman on average loses $ 431,000 in pay over the course of a 40-year career . Merely closing the gender wage gap would pull half of working single moms out of poverty . And at a time where Republicans are still , bizarrely , trumpeting more tax breaks for business and the rich to stimulate the economy , closing the pay gap would put money in the pockets of working people who would actually spend and stimulate real growth . The new women warriors : Reviving the fight for equal rights So here 's the perfect opportunity for Hillary Clinton to put her money where her mouth is , literally . In her campaign launch and personal rebrand , Clinton is clearly trying to portray herself as a woman of the people , a populist fighter for the middle class . "  Everyday Americans need a champion , " Clinton said in her campaign launch video , "  and I want to be that champion . " Clinton has deftly put her finger in the wind and sensed the winds of populism blowing through America . Indeed , the fact that many Democratic voters still clamor for a less pro-war , less pro-Wall Street , more Elizabeth Warren-like alternative to Clinton is an ever-present thorn in the otherwise blooming garden of Clinton 's inevitability . Opinion : The myth of Equal Pay Day With her video , Clinton has signaled a clear desire to ground herself and her candidacy in the soil of populism . But can a wealthy white woman who once sat on the board of Walmart , has already lived in the White House , collects six-figure speaking fees and does n't seem to own a pair of jeans really inhabit the portrait of a populist fighter ? This is where a good ol' - fashioned political stunt would come in handy . And make no mistake about it , I 'm recommending a political stunt . Let 's call a spade a spade . Hillary Clinton is a very rich person . While she 's certainly not the first rich person to run for president , her wealth -- and the related perception of being out of touch with ordinary Americans -- is an obstacle in her candidacy . The difference between the current standard presidential salary of $ 400,000 a year and the 77 cents-on-the-dollar version of that salary , or $ 308,000 , is probably a drop in the bucket in Clinton 's bank account at this point . And yet the symbolic power is profound . Because what Clinton would be reminding us is that across America , the aggregate salaries of all working women is 23 % less than the aggregate salaries of all men . 78 cents on the dollar : The facts about the gender wage gap Thanks to the hacked Sony emails , we saw that even top female stars and executives in Hollywood are paid less than their male counterparts . What more powerful message could the potential first female president send than literally signifying that nationwide inequity in her own salary ? Clinton would n't just be saying she stands with the working women of America , she 'd be showing it . Is it offensive to suggest that the first female commander in chief should be paid 23 % less than her male predecessors for doing exactly the same work ? Yes . And that 's the point -- to use her status to highlight the offensive gender wage gap and what Clinton , as president , would do to fix it . Yes , such stunts are trite and theatrical . They 're also effective , especially in our increasingly short-attention-span , it-only-happened-if-you-can-tweet it , symbolism-over-substance culture . Politics used to be about clunky people  mostly men  debating complex policies . Now it 's about polished memes and even more polished candidates . Policy  I hope  still matters , but we 're as likely to debate a candidate 's "  image " as her or his "  substance . " The truth is that stunts and theatrics are now part and parcel of politics , as they are in our culture in general . That does n't mean they ca n't also serve a noble purpose , in highlighting important problems and inspiring solutions . Map : Where the gender pay gap is the widest Clinton did an arguably brilliant thing in her campaign launch , framing her video and presidential bid as not about her but the American people . In fact , Clinton did n't even appear in the video until the very end -- it was all about middle-class Americans , working hard , trying to get by and get ahead . And then we see Hillary , who wants to help . Hillary Clinton ca n't change who she is , the baggage attached to her by both the right and the left , rightly or wrongly . But she can change what she does going forward , how she shows up and signifies herself as a voice not for the status quo and the establishment -- but for ordinary Americans who need change . If Clinton wins , her presidency will indeed be symbolic and historic . And it will be significant if she does something to change the lives of the 158 million women in America .	Sally Kohn : April 14 is Equal Pay Day , and Hillary Clinton should make an announcement about wage gap Clinton should say that if elected , she will take a 23 % pay cut to stand in solidarity with working women
CNN  -- Several of them suffered property losses in Superstorm Sandy . One is the daughter of a man who helped write New Jersey 's lottery law . All are feeling extremely lucky . Sixteen New Jersey co-workers who jointly held one of three tickets that won last week 's $ 448 million Powerball jackpot came forward publicly Tuesday . Dubbed the "  Ocean 's 16 " -- they work for the Ocean County vehicle maintenance facility -- the group claims $ 86 million , or one third of the jackpot 's cash-option value . After federal and state taxes , each group member will get $ 3.8 million . One is Darlene Riccio , who told reporters that last year 's monster storm forced she and her daughter to move from their rented home of five years in Brick , New Jersey , to an apartment above a storefront . The first thing she 's going to do : "  Buy me and my daughter a home and bring my dog back home . " "  It has been an extremely rough year , " Riccio said at the group 's news conference in Toms River . "  When we lost everything , this whole group here -- and everybody I worked with -- really pulled together and helped me through . This has been like a great family for me . We have a bond now . " Several others raised their hands when asked whether they suffered losses in the storm , which the federal government has said is expected to rank as the second-costliest tropical cyclone on record , after Hurricane Katrina . Another winner , Barbara Jo Riivald , is a daughter of the late state Sen. John Brown -- "  the father of the New Jersey Lottery , " as state lottery Executive Director Carol Hedinger put it . Riivald 's father , who died in 2011 , sponsored the law that led to the debut of the state lottery in 1970 . "  When we actually hit this lottery , not even in my mind did I remember my father was the father of the lottery , " Riivald said . "  When I called my sister to tell her , she said , ` Oh my gosh , Barb . Dad is just smiling down . ' She said , ` It 's his lottery . ' "  The only thing I wanted to do that next morning was pick up the phone and call him and call my mom  who also died recently  . And then I realized I could n't do that , " she said . "  But this is a really special moment . " Sixty people work at the Toms River facility , though only the 16 pooled their money together . Group members said they bought lottery tickets together for about five years , but only when jackpots were big . Lisa Presutto bought 48 tickets for the group last week , purchasing them at an Acme Market in Little Egg Harbor . As she checked the winning numbers with her coffee Thursday morning , she "  immediately started shaking " when she saw one of her tickets match . She needed someone to check it . "  I ... had to wake my poor husband up -- who was no longer poor , " Presutto said . All 16 returned to work after winning . But one co-winner , Joseph Odoardo , raised his hand Tuesday when asked whether any of them are going to retire now . "  After 34 years and almost retiring last year , this happens , and you just do n't have another choice , " he said . Co-winner William Seeley wore a "  Duck Dynasty " - themed T-shirt and rather looked and talked like the A&E show 's stars . Wearing a long beard , he said he was "  Happy , happy , happy " in the style of the program 's patriarch , Phil Robertson . Seeley said he lost his mother to cancer last year , and his dad is suffering from it now . "  That 's ... the first place I stopped , was Pop 's house . Started crying in front of him and told him I loved him and you got nothing to worry about now except getting better , " Seeley said . The other winners are : Ralston Chalfant Jr. ; Peter Cherkos ; Joseph D'Angelo ; June Delgado ; Robert Heinen ; Dorothy Kulina ; Tabitha Long ; Brian McCarthy ; Susan Nickel ; Eleine Sanchez ; and Donna Cinque-Stasse . An electrical engineer in Minnesota came forward on Thursday to claim his one-third stake . The holder of the other ticket -- also sold in New Jersey -- has yet to come forward . The all-time largest U.S. jackpot was $ 656 million in the Mega Millions game in March 2012 . That was split among three tickets sold in Illinois , Kansas and Maryland . Powerball is played in 43 states , the District of Columbia and the U.S. Virgin Islands . A single ticket costs $ 2 .	16 co-workers at N.J. vehicle maintenance facility hold one of three winning tickets Their share of $ 448M jackpot will be $ 3.8 million each , after taxes Several suffered property losses in Superstorm Sandy One other ticket sold in N.J. , the third sold in Minnesota
CNN  -- A Kansas company has recalled more than 14,000 pounds of ground beef due to possible E. coli contamination , federal authorities have announced . The recalled meat , sold in large packages and distributed in numerous states , comes from Creekstone Farms Premium Beef of Arkansas City , Kansas . Some 14,158 pounds of beef , in a handful of varieties , are subject to the recall , the U.S. Department of Agriculture 's Food Safety and Inspection Service said Tuesday in a press release . A "  third-party " inspector -- not Creekstone Farms or the USDA -- determined the presence of E. coli 0157 : H7 , according to the federal agency . The USDA classifies the recall as "  Class 1 , " having determined "  this is a health hazard situation where there is a reasonable probability that the use of the product will cause serious , adverse health consequences or death . " The company has not received reports of illnesses tied to consumers eating potentially contaminated products , the press release said . Creekstone Farms ' recalled products include : 40-pound cases of "  beef fine grind 81/19 " with 10-pound "  chub " sub-packages , 40-pound cases of "  beef chuck fine grind 81/19 " with 10-pound "  chub " sub-packages , 40-pound cases of "  beef sirloin fine grind 91/9 " with 10-pound "  chub " sub-packages , 40-pound cases of "  beef fine grind 90/10 natural " with 5-pound "  chub " subpackages , and 60-pound cases of "  beef fine ground 93/7 . " All branded "  EST. 27 " inside the USDA inspection mark , the recalled products were processed on February 22 , then shipped to firms in Arizona , California , Georgia , Indiana , Iowa , Missouri , North Carolina , Ohio , Pennsylvania and Washington for "  further processing and/or distribution . " The beef 's final destinations remain unclear since they may have been repackaged into smaller packages for sale to individual consumers and sold under different brand names . Per protocol , the Food Safety and Inspection Service routinely has "  recall effectiveness checks " to ensure that companies are properly alerting customers about the recall and making sure the products are no longer available to customers , the agency said in its news release . On its website , which has no mention of the recent recall , Creekstone Farms boasts that it "  supplies many of the nation 's top grocers and restaurants with quality black angus beef products " . Besides being sold in North America , its products are also exported to Europe , Latin America and Asia . Creekstone is owned by Sun Capital Partners , a large U.S.-based private investment firm that says it has more than 170,000 employees and combined sales greater than $ 40 billion . It has a large portfolio of companies , including Big 10 Tires , Boston Market , Bruegger 's , Friendly 's , Hanna Anderson and The Limited . E. coli can cause bloody diarrhea , dehydration and , in severe cases , kidney failure . Babies , seniors and people with weak immune systems are most susceptible to the infection .	Creekstone Farms has recalled 14,158 pounds of ground beef , the USDA said The meat , processed on February 22 , went to distributors in 10 states From there , it may have been repackaged and sold under different brand names The company has no reports of illness from the beef , the USDA says
JERUSALEM  CNN  -- Israeli police divers found a suitcase Thursday containing human remains that are believed to be the body of a missing 4-year-old girl , an Israeli police spokesman said . French-Israeli girl Rose poses for a photograph with her mother , Marie Pizem . The suitcase was pulled out of the Yarkon River in Tel Aviv , where police have been searching for Rose Pizem , Mickey Rosenfeld said . Two weeks ago , the girl 's grandfather Roni Ron , 45 , told police he stuffed her body in a suitcase and dumped it in the Yarkon River . The remains will be tested to confirm the identification of the body , and the tests could be completed within 24 hours , Rosenfeld said . "  The body was found in a very bad , severe condition , as you can imagine after being in the water for weeks , " Rosenfeld said , explaining why the tests could not be completed sooner . Ron initially told police he accidentally killed Rose when he slapped her in a fit of rage but then changed his account . Police transcripts quote Ron as saying , "  I parked the car on the sidewalk . I opened the trunk , pulled out the suitcase and when I reached the banks of the river , I threw it . She 's finished . I finished her . I saw the water seeping in and the suitcase slowly sinking . " The family drama centers on Rose 's mother , Marie-Charlotte Renault-Pizam , 23 , and Ron -- her estranged husband 's father -- with whom authorities say she has had two more daughters . Rose 's father lives in France . Both the mother and grandfather are in custody . Renault-Pizam has denied any role in her daughter 's disappearance . She told police she thought Ron sent Rose to an institution in France , although police , without elaborating , have said they have a telephone conversation that shows she knew the child 's fate . Rose 's great-grandmother , Vivienne Yaakov , reported the girl missing in late July , saying she had not seen her great-grandchild for about two months . Rose and her mother had been staying with Yaakov , who told police that Ron had taken the child and she never returned . Police searched Ron 's apartment in mid-August and arrested him . The investigation has uncovered a twisted family love triangle that may have contributed to the girl 's murder . The British media call the case Israel 's Madeleine McCann , a reference to the 3-year-old child who disappeared May 3 , 2007 , while on vacation with her British family at the Portuguese resort of Praia da Luz . She has never been found . Rose was born in France in 2003 . Her mother moved to Israel after a custody battle with Rose 's father , Benjamin Pizem . Renault-Pizam had fallen in love with Ron on a previous trip to Israel with her father-in-law . Israel 's minister of interior security , Avi Dichter , said everything would be done to find Rose and give her a proper burial . "  There is no doubt that as a society , Israel was not there for the child when she was in need of help , " Dichter said . Benjamin Pizem told Israel 's Haaretz newspaper that he still hopes Rose is alive . He described his father , from whom he is estranged , as manipulative and said more details may be uncovered . "  When I see him in videos , I see in his face , even if it 's quite a neutral one , he has an expression that says , ` You do n't know everything , and I 'm manipulating all of you . ' That 's the reason why we think there 's hope Rose is still alive . "	Israeli police divers on find suitcase with human remains inside Body believed to be that of missing 4-year-old girl Disappearance of Rose Pizam likened to that of Madeleine McCann
Menachem Bodner is a soft-spoken 73-year-old , who thinks carefully before he describes his first memory as a three-year old child . "  I remember my mother . What she was wearing . A green skirt with white flowers and a white blouse , " he says in Hebrew . "  On the left , there was a bed and my brother was sleeping . I remember I had a brother . " That memory is crucial . Until a few months ago , Bodner had no evidence his brother even existed . Bodner is a survivor of Auschwitz . He was four-and-a-half when the camp was liberated in January 1945 . In the chaos and confusion , he does n't remember how he came to be separated from his brother , but he sought a way out . "  I was in the camp . A man came in who was looking for his wife and daughter , " he recalls . "  I stood before him and asked if he would be my father . He picked me up in his hands and took me out of the camp . " His adopted father named him Bodner and took him to Israel where he now lives . Over the years , his father searched for his adopted son 's birth family . At first , there were some positive responses , but after a number of false hopes , Bodner gave up the painful process of trying to find his family , and began to wonder if his memories were simply dreams . Then last year , urged by his grandchildren , he tried again , posting the only clues he had on the internet : A photo of himself , aged five , and another that he believed was a family photo . Genealogist Ayana KimRon responded to his post . She took one look at that family photo and knew it was not his . "  I said that 's not your family . He said , ` Yes , that 's me , I 'm the baby . ' I said , ` No , if that 's you where is your brother ? Where is the other baby ? ' I could see he was shocked at that . " Bodner has no memory of how he obtained the photo , only that it was in his pocket the day Auschwitz was liberated . At first , he was crushed . One of the few clues he had was a false start . But KimRon reminded him that he had another lead , one he would never forget , because it is tattooed on his arm . The blue ink is faded and stretched , but Bodner quietly reads the Auschwitz ID number that will never be erased : A 7733 . Now he is looking for A 7734 : The number of his identical twin brother . KimRon checked the numbers against official Auschwitz records now archived at the Yad Vashem Holocaust Memorial in Jerusalem . She discovered Bodner was born Eli Gottesman , in Ukraine . He had an identical twin named Jeno , who was last seen by Allied doctors in Auschwitz . "  We know that he was declared healthy on February 9 , 1945 , by medical staff , " KimRon says . "  That is really the last factual reference that I have . " KimRon also found other , more disturbing records , showing that the twins were subjected to experiments by Josef Mengele , the Nazi doctor dubbed the "  Angel of Death " for his gruesome experiments on humans , particularly twins . Perhaps thankfully , Bodner has no memory of that . KimRon has not ventured further into the Nazi historical archives in Berlin to find out more about what happened to Bodner in the camp , and he insists he does not want to know -- but he does want to trace his brother . Now , the pair have turned to social media for help , setting up a Facebook page , A 7734 , which has been viewed more than a million times . Each time the page is shared , KimRon hopes it brings them one step closer to finding Jeno . Several nurses have contacted her after seeing what might be the matching tattoo . "  It 's like a thread , " KimRon explains . "  There 's three types : One that leads to nowhere . One you think will go somewhere , and you reach a deadlock . And then there 's one that takes you to your destination . " Bodner 's grandchildren tease him that he has become an internet celebrity , even learning some of the lingo . "  I 'm like a virus ! " he tells KimRon , as she explains the meaning of "  going viral . " KimRon has also discovered more surprises about Bodner 's family , including the fact that he had a baby brother , Josef , who died in Auschwitz . Bodner 's birth father also died there but his mother , Roza Gottesman-Berger , not only survived several Nazi concentration camps , but returned to her home village of Stroino on the Ukraine-Hungary border , hoping to find her children . "  I saw her signature on the document registering her acceptance of war aid , and the hair stood up on the back of my neck , " KimRon recalls . "  I am not a graphologist , but you could see , or I think anyway , she had character , strength despite all that had happened . And she listed the names of her sons too . It was as if she was saying : ' I am here . I am still here . ' " That document is the last evidence of Ruth Gottesman-Berger . KimRon does n't know exactly what happened to her , though stories from extended family members and villagers say that shortly after her return , she was rounded up with other returning Jewish refugees and shot dead by Nazi-sympathizers . KimRon says she has no way of confirming that . The thought of his mother returning to their home village in search of her children makes Bodner both sad and proud . "  I am proud of this woman who did not lose hope and continued to look for us , " he tells CNN . "  It was a difficult journey in terrible conditions . I would not believe someone could survive all that . "  I think I am also a survivor . Maybe it 's in the genes . Maybe it 's in my brother 's genes as well . We just keep going . " Last year , Bodner returned to the village where he was born for a visit . He met neighbours who described his family as happy , his father a well-regarded doctor and his mother a talented seamstress . They told him they remembered the boisterous blonde twins who played near the house . "  I closed a circle , " he says . "  It was just good to know that what I was dreaming was real and not my imagination . " Bodner knows only too well that even if he finds Jeno , it may be too late . Asked what he would say to his brother , his answer is stoic . "  I 'm sorry that I did not start looking for him sooner , " he says quietly . "  There were so many years that I was afraid of even touching the subject . " The search for Jeno is a source of both joy and pain for Bodner , but he is committed to finishing it . There is one more discovery that has surprised him : His birthday . Until now , he had always celebrated January 27 , 1945 , the day he left Auschwitz , as his birthday , instead of his real date of birth . So , which day does he choose to celebrate now ? "  Both , of course ! " he says with a smile . "  There is a lot to celebrate . "	Menachem Bodner , born Eli Gottesman , survived Auschwitz as a child and was later adopted Now aged 73 , he is trying to trace his twin , Jeno , who he last saw at the concentration camp He hopes social media , including Facebook , will help him find his long-lost brother The pair , originally from Ukraine , have "  matching " camp ID tattoos : A 7733 and A 7734
Herat , Afghanistan  CNN  -- As we stroll down a dusty back street in Herat , Afghanistan 's third-biggest city , a high gate made from sheets of rusted corrugated iron and a door that 's bolted shut confronts us . On the other side of this fortress-like barrier we can hear children 's voices and playful laughter . When we knock the voices fall silent and a young man comes to the gate . He asks for our names and the purpose of our visit . Satisfied with the answer , the door is unbolted and we 're allowed inside . Behind the high wall , four little girls -- the youngest a smiling two-year old with food on her face -- greet us in a concrete-covered courtyard . Garbage is piled up in one corner , while a broken down motorcycle leans against a brick wall . While this scene may appear perfectly normal , their mother 's story is anything but . We 're led up stairs to a room with carpets and cushions on the floor -- this is where the family eats and sleeps . As the afternoon light streams through the window , Sitara appears . She tries to cover her face with her long beige scarf , but her beautiful brown eyes are visible . So too are the jagged scars -- shocking confirmation of the horrific attack she suffered four months earlier . In December last year , 23-year-old Sitara was asleep on the floor with her daughters when her husband woke her . He needed money for a fix of heroin and crystal meth -- an addiction he 'd developed over the course of their marriage . When she was married off to him as a child bride at the age of seven , his drug of choice was hashish . But now this man -- 20 years her senior -- was a full-blown addict . Monster He wanted to divorce Sitara so he could take their daughters and marry them off for a few thousand dollars for each girl 's virginity . But Sitara refused -- this protective mother adamant her children were not going to suffer the same fate as her . She 'd reached her limit with his destructive drug use and the monster he 'd turned into . But she did n't realize just how much of a monster he 'd become . That night he demanded money and a simple ring she was wearing -- the only jewelry she possessed . When Sitara said no , he bashed in her head until part of her brain was protruding from her skull . She was almost unconscious . He then pinned her down , got a knife and cut off her nose and upper lip . "  My head was throbbing and he was on top of me , that 's when I saw the knife , " she recalls . I struggled but then blacked out . When I woke up , I tried to touch my nose and lips but I felt nothing . " Sitara 's girls were asleep except for 10-year-old Somia . I ask her what happened , but her elder sister , Parisa , steps in and explains . "  We were all asleep except for my sister Somia . I asked her why did n't she wake me up ? She told me our father threatened her that if she screamed , he would cut her just like our mother . "  My father then tripped over me as he was pulling my mother by the hair . I woke up and started screaming at him . Then he ran away and we never saw him again . " Mutilated and unconscious Neighbors who heard the screaming alerted police who found Sitara mutilated , unconscious and lying in a pool of her own blood . She was taken to hospital where doctors managed to stop the bleeding and stabilize her . However , she 'd been disfigured so badly in the attack that Afghan authorities decided to fly her to Turkey for more specialized medical care . That 's where surgeons used part of Sitara 's forehead to construct a new nose , while taking tissue from her thigh to rebuild her upper lip . "  When I finally woke up and saw my face , I hated it . I hate it every day . It would be better to be injected with poison and die - that 's how I feel , " she says . "  When my children saw me after my face changed , they did n't believe I was their mother . " The Ministry of Women 's Affairs in Afghanistan eventually relocated Sitara and her daughters to their current home -- an apartment they share with her mother and three brothers . It 's cramped and basic , and they have few belongings , but they feel safe . Police have not caught Sitara 's husband -- she believes he 's fled into the mountains or crossed the border into Iran . Women for Afghan Women , an organization that supports victimized women , is hoping to send Sitara to the United States for reconstructive surgery but are yet to find a surgeon . "  I just want the surgery to happen soon . I do n't want to stay like this , " Sitara says . "  Will I have the same face as before ? Some people tell me I will have a better face . But it 's hard to believe that . " Daughter 's hope Sitara 's little girls now seem oblivious to her deformities . They love their mother regardless of what she looks like -- though Somia , who witnessed the appalling attack and suffers nightmares most nights , says her mother is sad all the time . "  We just want our mother to get well and smile again . If she works we can go to school and I will become a doctor . Then I can help people like my mother . " According to a United Nations report published in December last year , Afghan authorities registered an increased number of reported acts of violence against women and girls in 2013 but prosecutions and convictions remain low . The report said the authorities showed a tendency towards mediation rather than applying criminal sanctions and legal protections for women , and this often fails to protect women from further violence .	23-year-old Sitara was sleeping when her husband attacked her , asking for money He was looking for money to fuel his long-term drug habit Husband threatened to sell their young daughters as child brides to make money Sitara 's wounds were so severe she was flown to Turkey for treatment
CNN  -- The man who composed the pop hit "  You Light Up My Life " ended his own life Sunday , New York police said . Joseph Brooks , 73 , was facing charges on 11 alleged rapes and sex assaults , New York Police Deputy Commissioner Paul Browne said . The Oscar-winning songwriter was found dead on a couch in his Manhattan home by a friend with whom he was supposed to have lunch at 12:30 p.m. Sunday , Browne said . A plastic dry cleaning bag and a towel were wrapped around his head , with a tube connected to a helium tank attached , he said . A suicide note was found nearby , he said . Brooks ' son , Nicholas Brooks , was charged in January with the murder of his ex-girlfriend , according to the Manhattan District Attorney 's office . The bruised body of swimsuit designer Sylvie Cachay , 33 , was found at a chic New York hotel last December , police said . The song , which was written as the title track for a movie , won an Oscar , a Golden Globe and a Grammy for Brooks . Debby Boone 's recording of "  You Light Up My Life " was the number one song of 1977 on the Billboard pop chart . CNN 's Susan Candiotti contributed to this report .	Joseph Brooks faced rape and sex assault charges , police say A friend found him dead in his New York home Sunday The songwriter left a suicide note , police say "  You Light Up My Life " was the top hit of 1977
It was almost midnight when the surveillance team spotted their target at the base of the cavernous luxury apartment complex . He fit the picture on the international arrest warrant which had urgently been issued just weeks previously -- a French-Algerian in his early 20s with buzz-cut hair and thick arching eyebrows . The agents , who belonged to the DCRI -- France 's domestic security service , logged the time -- 23.20 on February 11 , 2014 -- and immediately radioed their superiors , who told them to move in to make the arrest . When he saw them , the man fled through a gate leading to the staircases , according to French investigators . They gave chase as he clambered up the stairwell to the floors with commanding views over the marina , golf course and Mediterranean . Now that he knew they were on to him they could not afford to let him escape . The man was wanted because he was suspected of being a member of a terrorist cell that had carried out a grenade attack in Paris . But he had , according to French authorities , fled to the jihadist battlegrounds of Syria for almost a year and a half to escape arrest , and they feared he might be plotting a terrorist attack . After learning he was on his way back from Syria , they had put his father 's building -- in Mandelieu-La Napoule , just up the coast from Cannes -- under surveillance in case he surfaced there , according to French security officials . Their target -- Ibrahim Boudina , a 23-year-old French national born in Algiers -- had been detected crossing into Greece five weeks previously . Greek border guards had found in his possession a USB stick with instructions for how to make homemade bombs "  in the name of Allah , " but had not apprehended him , according to investigators . Investigators did not explain why he was allowed to continue with his journey . Details on the investigation are emerging at a time of sharply increased concern over the terrorist threat in France and other European countries . In the wake of U.S. airstrikes in Iraq and possible strikes in Syria , European counterterrorism services fear ISIS or its supporters could retaliate with attacks in Europe , a European counterterrorism official told CNN . Following a long trail According to French security officials , Boudina had set off for Syria in late September 2012 with a childhood friend -- Abdelkader Tliba , a French-Tunisian who worked as a cook in grand restaurants on the Cannes seafront -- just days after Jeremie Louis-Sidney , an alleged fellow member of their close-knit radical circle , had thrown a grenade into a Jewish grocery store in Sarcelles , a suburb of Paris , injuring a shopper . Boudina , one of his friends later told French investigators , was longing to fight alongside jihadists in Syria , and had decided to leave before the dragnet came down , according to officials . They left just in time . On October 6 , 2012 , Louis-Sidney was killed in a shootout with police in Strasbourg after resisting arrest . Three days later , police recovered bags of potassium nitrate , sulfur , saltpeter , headlight bulbs and a pressure cooker belonging to Louis-Sidney 's group in an underground car park in Torcy , a suburb east of Paris , according to prosecutors . Investigators say they later ascertained their targets were likely Jewish organizations . French officials called the "  Cannes-Torcy " group the most dangerous terrorist cell uncovered in the country since the 1995 bombing of the Paris metro . A dozen men allegedly belonging to the group were arrested and placed under formal investigation on suspicion of alleged terrorism offenses in the weeks following the attack . Boudina and Tliba , who had shaved off his beard , traveled through Turkey , crossing the Syrian border near the Turkish town of Hatay , according to investigators . According to French officials , they first joined the Syrian al Qaeda affiliate Jabhat al-Nusra and then are suspected of joining the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria  ISIS  , which now refers to itself as the Islamic State . French security services believed they had allegedly linked up with jihadists after wiretapping Boudina 's cell phone . By early 2013 they had obtained his Syrian number by obtaining a warrant to listen to his parents ' phones , according to investigators . DCRI listened in as Boudina made several calls back to his circle in France : if any others planned on traveling to Syria , they wanted to know about it , according to officials . They were also worried the duo could pose a threat if they returned home , according to security officials . While they were in Syria , the two discussed the need to "  punish " France on social media , according to officials . Their initial aim had been to die for the cause of holy war in Syria , a close member of their circle told investigators . Soon after Boudina and Tliba fled France , police had discovered their last wills and testaments in the car of a friend , according to officials . "  I really hope to find you in paradise , where you will be my queen , " Boudina had written to his wife in a handwritten will , according to investigators . According to officials , the same friend revealed during a series of interrogations with DCRI agents in October 2012 that Boudina and Tliba had been determined to fight in Syria ever since returning in early 2012 from a several-month-long trip to Cairo , where they had attended Islamic classes . Boudina now regarded it as his Islamic duty , the friend told the DCRI . The friend claimed their time overseas had radicalized them . The friend described Boudina as a dominant figure in a small group of like-minded radicals who hung out together after prayers in mosques in the Cannes area . These drew congregants from tougher immigrant neighborhoods just miles from the glitz of the Cote D'Azur . To kick back , the group visited a nearby river . The beach was not an option because of the bikini-clad women . The friend said Boudina tried to persuade him to travel with him to Syria , describing the paradise that would await them in the afterlife if they became martyrs and showing him videos of massacres carried out by the Assad regime . While the friend decided not to travel , he said another member of the circle joined them in Syria . The friend told the DCRI that Boudina was supportive of a string of fatal terrorist shootings carried out by the French-Algerian extremist Mohammed Merah on French soldiers and Jewish schoolchildren in southern France in March 2012 , according to investigators . "  Ibrahim said if he could not do jihad on Islamic soil he would do it in France . Ibrahim compared France to the head of the serpent , which you had to cut off , " the friend told DCRI interrogators , according to sources . "  Ibrahim spoke to me often about this Zionist area in Cannes and that if he could not go do jihad overseas it would for him be a target . " When Americans leave for jihad The net closes in On January 16 , 2014 , 13 days after Boudina was detected reentering Europe at the Greek border , Tliba was arrested at the Italian port of Ancona during an identity check and transferred to French custody , according to officials . He also had been making his way back from Syria , according to investigators . French security services feared the duo might have plans to launch an attack when they returned to France , according to counterterrorism officials , but had no idea what , if anything , was planned . Boudina first went to ground in Nice , where he was put under surveillance , according to officials , before being traced to Mandelieu-La Napoule and his father 's apartment complex . As the clock ticked down to midnight on February 11 , DCRI agents , in hot pursuit up the staircase , eventually caught up with Boudina between the 11th and 12th floors , and took him into custody . Boudina was placed under formal investigation on suspicion of participation in a criminal conspiracy to prepare acts of terrorism . Tliba is also under formal investigation on the same count . Both men deny the allegations against them . Their lawyers were unwilling to comment on the record to CNN . CNN contacted the prosecutor 's office for comment on the case but received no reply . From American kid to jihadi to Syria Six days after Boudina was taken into custody , police made a startling discovery . In a storage closet for technical equipment on the 13th and top floor they found a handgun , bomb-making instructions , and three soda cans filled with the high-explosive compound TATP . Screws and nails were attached to one with sticky tape as shrapnel , according to sources briefed on the investigation . French investigators maintain the items belonged to Boudina . French authorities suspect that in the 15 months Boudina spent in Syria , he learned how to make TATP , an unstable and difficult-to-transport explosive used to build detonators in multiple al Qaeda plots against the West , according to sources briefed on the investigation . Recovered from the cans were 950 grams of TATP , enough to cause significant destruction . It is not clear whether ISIS signed off on his alleged plot . One possibility is that Boudina was allegedly acting on his own steam , having obtained the training he needed in Syria , given his alleged longstanding interest in launching attacks in France . More than 800 French nationals have joined up with jihadist groups in Syria , according to officials . One former French ISIS recruit -- Mehdi Nemmouche -- allegedly shot and killed four people at a Jewish museum in Brussels in May , the first terrorist attack on European soil linked to the conflict in Syria . Nemmouche was arrested in France and extradited to face trial in Belgium . He has denied the charges . With hundreds of jihadist veterans of Syria and Iraq already back on European soil , the fear is that the Brussels attack will not be the last . Does Britain have a jihadi problem ?	Ibrahim Boudina , a French national from Algeria , was arrested earlier this year on the French Riviera He and a French-Tunisian friend are suspected of having joined up with ISIS in Syria It was believed they fled ahead of a crackdown on a suspected terror cell based on Mediterranean coast Authorities were worried the duo could pose a threat if they returned to France
AMSTETTEN , Austria  CNN  -- Josef Fritzl , who Austrian police say has confessed to imprisoning his daughter for 24 years and fathering seven of her children , twice holidayed in Thailand while she remained trapped in a cellar below his house , according to German media reports . Josef Fritzl appeared in court after admitting raping his daughter and fathering her seven children . Germany 's Bild newspaper quoted a holiday companion , identified only as Paul H , who said he and 73-year-old Fritzl traveled to Thailand together twice and spent time in each other 's homes . "  He went -LSB- to Thailand -RSB- without his wife ; apparently she had to look after the children . ... Once he had a very long massage from a young Thai girl at the beach . He really loved that , " Paul H told the newspaper , which featured video of Fritzl laughing and receiving a massage in Thailand on its Web site . "  Once I saw how Josef bought an evening dress and racy lingerie for a very slim woman in Pattaya -LSB- Thailand -RSB- on the beach . He got really angry when he realized I saw him . Then he told me that he has a girlfriend on the side . The items were meant for her . He told me not to tell his wife . " Watch footage of Fritzl on vacation at a Thai beach resort " The pair had also ventured to Oktoberfest . Paul H said he had visited Fritzl 's house three times , the last in 2005 . "  We sat out on the terrace and had a really nice evening . ... The kids were well-behaved , however ; they had a great respect for their father . They were never allowed downstairs into the cellar , but we never thought anything of it , " he told Bild . "  Now that I think of the dungeon down there , I feel really sick in the stomach . " Paul H said Fritzl was a DIY "  genius , " constantly extending and building on to the house . Meanwhile , family members at the center of the incest and imprisonment case have held an "  astonishing " reunion , medical officials said . "  They met each other on Sunday morning , " clinic director Berthold Kepplinger said Tuesday . "  And it is astonishing how easy it worked , that the children came together , and also it was astonishing how easy it happened that the grandmother and the mother came together . " Investigators say Fritzl held his daughter , Elisabeth , captive in a cellar for 24 years . He raped her repeatedly , they say , and eventually fathered seven of her children . Elisabeth and two of her children were reunited Sunday with three of her other children and her mother , Kepplinger said Tuesday . The three children and her mother lived in the home above the cellar . Elisabeth 's eldest child , 19-year-old Kerstin Fritzl , remains in hospital . A seventh child died years ago , shortly after birth . Fritzl told police he burned the infant 's body in a furnace . The story of the family 's imprisonment began to unravel a week ago , when Kerstin fell seriously ill with convulsions and was hospitalized . Austrian police Wednesday denied reports that they were investigating possible links between Fritzl and the unsolved murder of a woman . Franz Polzer , director of the Lower Austrian Bureau of Criminal Affairs , said Fritzl had owned an Austrian hotel near where a woman was found murdered decades ago . However , they were not investigating the incident at this stage . Meanwhile , an Austrian girl who was held prisoner in a basement for eight years said the family faced a long period of adjustment . See how Austrians are troubled by the case " Natascha Kampusch was 10 years old when she was kidnapped on her way to school in March 1998 . She escaped from a bunker below the house of Wolfgang Priklopil in a suburb of Vienna in August 2007 . Priklopil killed himself by throwing himself under a train only hours later . "  Although they are now in a secret location , I believe it might have been even better to leave them where they were , but that was probably impossible , " she said of the Fritzl family Tuesday . "  Yes , because that was of course the environment they were used to , and now they 're somewhere else . Pulling them abruptly out of this situation , without transition , to hold them and isolating them to some extent , it ca n't be good for them . " Officials said Tuesday that DNA testing had confirmed Fritzl fathered the children . His DNA also was found on a letter sent to the Fritzl family that was made to look like it was from his daughter , Elisabeth , Polzer said . See inside the ` House of horrors ' " Authorities said Fritzl sent other letters over the years , leading the family to believe that Elisabeth was a runaway who had abandoned three of her children on their doorstep . He dictated at least one of the letters to his daughter , they said . Authorities said it did not appear that Fritzl 's wife , Rosemarie , knew about her husband 's activities . Reports have surfaced in The Times of London and Austria 's Presse that Fritzl was convicted of sexual assault in the 1960s , but there is nothing in his record to confirm this , said District Governor Hans Heinz Lenze . He added , however , that records were expunged after a certain number of years . Prosecutors were checking archives to find the information , said Gerhard Sedlacek , prosecutor for the state of Poelten . The Times of London quoted a 50-year-old neighbor who said that when he was 10 , he remembered "  how we children were afraid to play near Mr. Fritzl 's house because of the rumors that he had raped a woman and spent some time in jail for it . " Watch a report of how the case unfolded . " Fritzl led police to the cellar Sunday . A day later , he confessed to raping his daughter , now 42 , and keeping her and their children in captivity , police said . Fritzl was able to convince social service workers , friends and family that Elisabeth had run away in 1984 , when she was about 18 . The father , who police described as an authoritarian figure , forbade anyone from entering the cellar . In the cellar with Elisabeth were Kerstin and two sons , aged 5 and 18 . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Phil Black , Nadine Schmidt and Eileen Hsieh contributed to this story .	Incest dad twice holidayed in Thailand while daughter remained in cellar Austrian family terrorized by decades of incest meet for the first time Josef Fritzl kept daughter imprisoned under home for 24 years , police say Fritzl , who appeared in court Tuesday , has admitted guilt and faces 15 years |
CNN  -- As they move from their early teens to their late teens , kids no longer want to be pals with Mom and Dad . Teenage boys are much less likely than girls to initiate conversations with their parents . And moms baby their sons . Not exactly news flashes , you say ? But we 're not talking about real life here , exactly . We 're talking about Facebook . The world 's largest social network released new data Thursday about how parents and their children interact online . But the findings , from Facebook 's data science team , also illustrate how personal interactions on Facebook can mirror those in the so-called real world . Read more : Why Facebook will have trouble killing the text message "  With the holidays approaching , and families gathering all over the world , we wanted to understand how parents and children on Facebook communicate , " says the post , which crunches friend requests , conversations and other Facebook data from the past two months . "  We are happy to see that our data surfaces the affection , care , and closeness of family ties . " Young people and social media : Docs examine pitfalls Here are the highlights of what Facebook found : Who friends whom : More than 65 % of friendships between 13-year-olds and their parents are initiated by the child . But the older the teenager gets , the less likely he or she is to be the one sending the friend request . By the time kids are in their early to mid-20s , their parents are initiating friend requests with them 60 % of the time . As kids grow into their 30s and 40s , however , they begin friending their parents more often again . "  This overall trend follows the rough arc of children seeking distance from their parents as they prepare to leave the nest , and then gradually gravitating back as they accomplish their own milestones in life , " says the blog post . The secret online life of my sixth grader Who talks to whom : Moms and dads initiate parent-child conversations more often than their teenage kids . For daughters , this imbalance evens out by the time they hit 30 and are messaging their parents as often as they receive messages in return . Sons , however , however , take twice as long -- until age 60 -- to come around . What they say : The data team studied hundreds of thousands of public Facebook messages between parents and children to identify the words and phrases that appeared most often . Based on the results , Mom and Dad are very proud of their kids . Among the most common phrases from parents : "  I 'm so proud , "  all my heart , " "  well done , " "  proud of you " and "  call me . " Moms and dads use language much differently when messaging with sons , though . Mothers preferred endearments like "  my handsome son " and "  my little boy , " while dads used profanity and words like "  buddy " and "  dude . " Read more : Microsoft opens its own social network	New data show how parents and their children interact on Facebook More than 65 % of friendships between 13-year-olds and parents are initiated by child Moms prefer endearments like "  my handsome son " ; dads use profanity and words like "  dude "
Los Angeles  CNN  -- A nurse Tuesday accused San Diego Bob Filner of rubbing her arm in his office and asking for dinner dates in June in exchange for his helping a brain-injured Iraq War veteran . The allegations make her the 11th woman this summer to accuse Filner of sexual harassment while he was mayor or a congressman . Filner , who this week began intensive counseling for his behavior with women , could n't be immediately reached for comment . "  I felt that his rubbing my arm and telling me to relax and making me feel that help for Katherine was contingent on my going out with him was extremely inappropriate and unacceptable , " Michelle Tyler , a licensed vocational nurse , told reporters at a San Diego press conference where she was accompanied by her attorney , Gloria Allred . Tyler was the caregiver to Katherine Ragazzino , a Marine injured in Iraq , who was seeking Filner 's assistance in negotiating problems with the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs for her traumatic brain injury and post-traumatic stress disorder . Ragazzino was homeless during her post-war ordeal and now resides with Tyler , Allred said . The alleged incident occurred June 11 when Tyler , Ragazzino and a veteran 's representative were in Filner 's office , and then Filner asked to meet alone with Tyler , telling Ragazzino and the veteran 's representative : "  Please step out , you do n't need to hear this , " Allred said . Then Tyler was alone with the mayor in his office . "  The mayor sat back in his chair and said , ` Wow , you are really magnificent . ' The mayor started rubbing Ms. Tyler 's arm and stated ` Relax , you are incredible . I will help your veteran . I want you to go out to dinner with me and spend time with me , ' " Allred said . Filner allegedly asked Tyler if she was married , and she replied she was in the middle of a divorce . The mayor allegedly replied , "  Good , " according to Allred . Filner then allegedly referred to Tyler 's paperwork requesting the meeting and asked , "  Is that your phone number that I can call you at ? " Allred said . Stunned , Tyler responded , "  I am here to focus on Katherine , " according to Allred . Filner allegedly persisted and said , "  I am going to help her but I would really like to be seen in public with you , you are really something , " Allred said . Filner allegedly asked Tyler , "  Will you go to dinner with me if I help your Marine ? Can I call you ? " according to Allred . Tyler said she needed to leave his office , but the mayor allegedly told her , "  If we were not here in my office , I would like to kiss you , " Allred said . After telling the mayor he should focus on Ragazzino 's issues , Tyler stood up and left his office , and the mayor allegedly said on her way out , "  I am going to call you , " Allred said . Tyler and Ragazzino , who have known each other since 2004 , first met with Filner when he was a congressman in 2011 , and "  he encouraged us to seek him out again if appropriate corrective measures were not taken by the VA , " Ragazzino said . Ragazzino was injured in Iraq and spent 18 months in a hospital as a result of her traumatic brain injury . She and Allred declined to elaborate on the injury . At one point , Ragazzino was living in her car , and her problems with the VA about her disability "  seriously affected my healing process , " she said . After discharged from the Marines , Ragazzino was "  at rock bottom and pushing everyone away " because of the brain injury and post-traumatic stress , she said . Ragazzino said she felt "  deeply disappointed and upset " by Filner 's alleged misconduct toward Tyler . "  I do n't appreciate being used as a bargaining chip to fulfill his sexual desires , " Ragazzino said . Said Tyler : "  It was extremely disturbing to me that he made it very clear to me that his expectation was that his help for Katherine depended on my willingness to go to dinner with him , spend personal time with him and be seen in public with him . " Tyler and Ragazzino are asking the city attorney to investigate the mayor for sexual harassment . Tyler does n't have plans to file any civil lawsuit , Allred said . During Tuesday 's press conference , Allred displayed a warning sign that she said should be displayed out the mayor 's office : "  Danger . Warning to women . Keep out . Keep out . Mayor is in his office . Proceed at your own risk . " Earlier this summer , when the allegations against him emerged , Filner acknowledged "  I need help , " and added , "  I 'm clearly doing something wrong . " "  I am embarrassed to admit that I have failed to fully respect the women who work for me and with me , and that at times I have intimidated them . It 's a good thing that behavior that would have been tolerated in the past is being called out in this generation for what it is : inappropriate and wrong , " he said in a statement issued July 11 . But Filner , 70 , has also said he believes he will be vindicated by "  a full presentation of the facts " and he will not resign , though alleged victims have so asked . Filner served 10 terms , or 20 years , in Congress before being elected mayor in 2012 . Many of the accusations come from his time as a congressman .	A nurse and a brain-injured Iraq War vet meet with mayor in his office in June Mayor Bob Filner allegedly asks everyone to leave his office , except the nurse Mayor asks for dates from nurse Michelle Tyler in exchange for his help , she says Nurse is 11th woman to allege sexual harassment against mayor , who 's now in therapy
Hong Kong  CNN  -- Months after announcing the reintroduction of the low-cost Datsun brand -- to be assembled in Indonesia -- Nissan Motor Company on Tuesday moved its global headquarters for its luxury Infiniti line to Hong Kong to be closer to the red-hot Chinese luxury market . The common denominator between both moves : Building production and customer base outside the Japanese market , as export-driven companies have been hammered by the high value of the yen . Nissan produces about 20 % of its cars in Japan , but CEO Carlos Ghosn would like to see that reduced . "  We 're going to continue to do that  offshore production  , obviously , because how can you compete with the yen at 80 yen to the dollar when the historic level has been 110  yen to the dollar  ? " Ghosn told CNN 's Andrew Stevens . "  We can not compete against Korean makes or other competitors . " The yen hit record high of 75.93 yen to the U.S. dollar in October and remains stubbornly strong , hovering around the 79.45 yen to the dollar this week . "  I 'm still not happy because of the strength of the yen . The strength of the yen is a penalty for Japan , " Ghosn said . "  I do n't think it 's so much a penalty for companies , because large companies have the possibility to off-shore production . " Despite the ongoing travails in Europe , Ghosn predicts 2012 will be a record year for the automotive industry . "  Last year the industry produced and sold about 76 million cars -- we are on a trend this year to sell 79 million , " he said . "  I think in 2012 we 're going to have a recession in Europe , that 's obvious , " he added . "  Yes , Europe is going to be a problem ... but Japan 's going to be better than last year , " Ghosn said , as the world 's third largest economy recovers from the March 2011 earthquake and tsunami , and the subsequent energy problems , as the nation 's nuclear plants went off line following the Fukushima nuclear disaster . "  The U.S. is in recovery more  and will sell  1 million additional cars compared to last year , " Ghosn said . "  China , even though the growth has slowed down , there is still growth -- 5 % to 6 % growth of 17 million or 18 million cars sold there is still an additional million cars worth of growth . "  Brazil is growing well , India is growing well , Russia is growing well , the Middle East is coming back , " he added . The move of Infiniti 's headquarters to China is designed to help Nissan capture the luxury car market , a segment which has seen "  20 % to 25 % growth on a yearly basis , " Ghosn said . Nissan announced earlier this year the return of the Datsun brand after 30 years . The company plans to introduce the low-cost car in several emerging markets in 2014 . The Datsun brand first emerged in Japan in 1923 but was phased out in the 1980s as the company focused on mid-market buyers and its upscale Infiniti brand , launched in 1989 . The company also plans to invest $ 400 million in Indonesia production , adding 3,300 jobs and producing 250,000 vehicles by 2014 .	Nissan Motor Company moved its global headquarters for its luxury Infiniti line to Hong Kong Comes after the company announced plans to relaunch the Datsun brand for emerging markets CEO Carlos Ghosn said the company will continue to offshore production outside of Japan "  How can you compete with the yen at 80 yen to the dollar when the historic level has been 110 ? "
CNN  -- The adage says "  a picture is worth a thousand words , " but when Leeann Lewandowski happened upon a photograph of her late mother on Facebook after her home was destroyed in Superstorm Sandy , she was speechless . "  The first thing I see on my Timeline is my mother holding my daughter , Katie , on the day that she was born . I 'm usually a very cheery person , but I absolutely crumbled , " said Lewandowski , a 47-year-old elementary school teacher and mother of twin 14-year-old girls from Union Beach , New Jersey . Union Beach is a small seaside community with fewer than 6,500 residents , and Sandy hit it hard , destroying nearly 200 homes and decimating the coastline . "  It was kind of like ` The Wizard of Oz , ' " said resident Pamela Vasquez . A hot tub was found a block and a half away from where it once sat . Remnants of wooden decks floated in the tide . Family photo albums were buried under piles where multistory houses once stood . Powerless in New Jersey post-Sandy Jeannette Van Houten also lost her Union Beach home in Sandy , but buried among the devastation she found a calling -- to return memories of happier times to the 1.8-square-mile township by reuniting residents with the family photographs that Sandy scattered to the winds . The day after the storm , Van Houten went for a walk along the shoreline to assess the damage and she stumbled upon a photograph of a couple attending a wedding . She leaned down , picked it up and , suddenly , her mission became clear . "  Photos are the only things that hold us to the past . My niece was murdered in 2008 and the only thing we have left of her is our photos , " said Van Houten . She soon started a Facebook page where she uploaded the pictures she found , hopeful that through the power of social media , residents of the small community would see them and be able to identify the faces and families in the photographs . Since she started , Van Houten has uploaded more than 2,000 photos to the Facebook page -- and she 's still looking each day for more lost memories among the debris . About 60 families have reclaimed photos so far , she said . And some people , like Lewandowski and her daughters , have since joined the effort . Read more : Remembering the victims After all , Van Houten is the reason Lewandowski saw her late mother on Facebook and broke down that day ; Van Houten is the reason she got a rare memento of her mother back . "  My mother , very much like myself , hated having her picture taken . That day , I did n't see anything but a picture of my mother holding my baby . I even posted ` Today is going to be a good day . ' It 's such a gift , " said Lewandowski . Vasquez , who also lost her home , found baby photos of her now grown children on Van Houten 's Facebook page . "  You hold your memories in your heart , but yet to be able to look back , it 's amazing , " she said . "  My husband 's parents are both gone and we had a picture of both of them in our living room . We do n't have them anymore . It 's nice that somebody 's out there trying to find your memories and give them back to you . " Paying it forward , Vasquez has also begun to take photos she finds to the police station to be uploaded to the online forum . Read more : Salvaging smeared memories in Sandy 's wake "  You can lose your home , you can lose your possessions . Volunteers can help you get food , get shelter , get clothing , but in the end , if no one thinks of picking up the photos or the objects that were miles from where they were supposed to be , people do n't feel whole , " said Van Houten . As more communities that were ordered to evacuate are allowed to re-enter their neighborhoods , similar initiatives have begun to pop up along the badly beaten Jersey Shore . Map : See images of destruction , recovery across the East Coast Jeannie Esti recently started the For Shore Photos Project , which asks residents and cleanup volunteers to collect photographs that were strewn about in the storm surge . Esti lives in Rhode Island now , but she grew up in Mantoloking , New Jersey , where her parents still live . Her childhood home was luckily left unscathed , but in the backyard , she found kitchen cabinets , books , even a little boy 's football helmet signed by the actor and former football player John Amos . And , of course , photographs . "  I grew up with sand in my pants in my whole life , " she said . "  It 's that moment where you sit back and think these could be my pictures . " For those without photo scanners , Esti has teamed up with local New Jersey businesses like Joe Leone 's specialty food stores in Sea Girt and Point Pleasant as drop-off locations for lost-and-found photos that are then collected and uploaded to the For Shore Photos Facebook page . "  Photography is so common and ubiquitous that we take it for granted , and we do n't realize how important it is to us , " said Marina Berio , who heads the general studies program at the International Center of Photography . "  It 's the despair of losing part of yourself . Your very memories are being taken away from you . " Jenika McDavitt , a photographer who studied psychology at Yale and runs the blog "  Psychology for Photographers , " agrees . "  We as humans become habituated to our environment . We forget the way that grandma 's house looked . When you find a photo that shows those things that you are habituated to and you forgot , it brings back all those memories that you forgot to stop and remember , " she said . When Hurricane Katrina devastated the Gulf Coast in 2005 , Sue Weber of Erie , Pennsylvania , also recognized the power of photography and started The Picture Project . After seeing a reporter on television hold up a picture that was found in the middle of the street of a child in a dance costume , Weber had a revelation similar to Van Houten 's . "  Then it hit me -- many families on the Gulf Coast had lost their entire history in family photos due to Katrina and I should do something about it , " she said . Partnering with Kodak , the Biloxi Sun Herald and United Van lines , among others , The Picture Project was able to return thousands of photos to their rightful owners . Weber 's revelation also came about because of the coffee table book "  The Last Album : Eyes from the Ashes of Auschwitz-Birkenau , " which sat in front of her during the news report . Weber had attended a presentation at the Erie Museum by the book 's author , Ann Weiss , several years prior . During a tour of the Auschwitz-Birkenau concentration camp in 1986 , Weiss discovered an archive of more than 2,000 photographs confiscated from Jewish families at the death camp . Trying to keep the family business afloat after Sandy "  They wanted to bring their emblem of who they were , and they wanted to remember the lives that they lived and the people that they loved . Or even , just remember the people they themselves once were , " said Weiss . Weiss fought red tape to obtain the pictures and after doing so , traveled around the world tracking down any survivors , family members and friends that they might belong to . Being stripped of family memories in the Holocaust is very different from losing belongings in a natural disaster , Weiss pointed out , but the end result of both is profound loss . "  I think all photos are incredibly important because photos are the emblem of our lives . They 're tangible proof that we lived , that we 're here and when there 's a natural disaster -- after the people and after the pets -- what 's the first thing we want to save ? It 's always the pictures , " she said . "  Pictures encapsulate our lives , our dreams , our essence of who we are . " Like CNN Living on Facebook	Jeannette Van Houten is trying to reunite Superstorm Sandy victims with lost photographs Van Houten uploads 2,000 photos to Facebook , hoping people will recognize them Similar photo reunion projects were started for Hurricane Katrina and the Holocaust "  Photography is so common and ubiquitous that we take it for granted , " expert says
Washington DC  CNN  -- Last month , an independent film titled "  I Want to Be an Astronaut " about a driven high school robotics student and his dream to become an astronaut premiered aboard the International Space Station 286 miles above the Earth . The film 's concept was originally hatched in 2011 when its creator , David Ruck , caught astrophysicist Neil deGrasse Tyson on "  Real Time with Bill Maher " late one night . Maher 's panel was comparing cuts in NASA 's budget to the $ 700 billion used to bail out Wall Street in 2008 . Determined to shine a light on the importance of STEM  science , technology , engineering , and math  programs , Ruck set out to make a film for his master 's thesis about high school robotics programs . Ruck 's film examines the state of America 's space program and captures the passion for human space travel as well as the somber tone that followed the retirement of the Space Shuttle program in 2011 . According to various sources , NASA issued layoff notices to about 3,200 contractors after the shuttle Atlantis and its crew of four astronauts landed at NASA 's Kennedy Space Center on July 21 , 2011 , the final mission after a 30-year career . But the film really took shape when Ruck met Blair Mason , then a 17-year-old high school senior keenly interested in space travel . Mason , who is now 19 , had wanted to be an astronaut since he was 3 years old . The film follows him as he leads his FIRST  For Inspiration and Recognition of Science and Technology  Robotics team in a competition and looks to the U.S. Naval Academy for college . The NASA Robotics Alliance Project  RAP  has been supporting participation in FIRST Robotics Competitions by providing grants to high school teams as well as sponsoring FIRST regional competitions . Blair set his sights on the Naval Academy because it has graduated more astronauts than any other U.S. institution . Now a midshipmen earning academic honors , Blair is majoring in aerospace engineering and computer science with the hope of attending flight school . Blair , who is not permitted by the Naval Academy to speak to the media , acknowledges in the movie that becoming an astronaut is , "  a long and complicated process , and I do n't know what I 'm going to encounter along the way , but I do n't think I 'll ever lose that dream . " John Grunsfeld , astronaut and chief of NASA 's Science Directorate , who is shown in the film as a mentor to Mason 's FIRST Robotics team , said these programs are similar in many ways to how NASA designed , built and tested the NASA Mars Curiosity rover , which is currently exploring the Red Planet . "  NASA always looks forward to seeing how students ' innovative solutions are developed and seeing how their creativity might help inspire development of future spacecraft systems , " Grunsfeld said . Michael Mason , Blair 's brother who is now a junior in high school , also caught the robotics bug . "  I joined FIRST Robotics for  several  reasons : I have always loved to build things and see them work , and I saw how happy it made my brother and how much it challenged him , " he said . "  The robotics team gave me a great idea of what engineering is and has made me want to pursue it as a career . " While the shuttle program has been retired , the United States is still involved in space exploration with various robotic missions , private enterprise and international efforts . According to NASA.gov , "  NASA is committed to human spaceflight beyond low-Earth orbit and the continued development of its next generation spacecraft -- Orion . The Orion spacecraft will take astronauts beyond low Earth orbit  LEO  to deep space . It will provide emergency abort capability , sustain the crew during space travel and provide safe reentry from deep space . The spacecraft will launch on Exploration Flight Test-1 , an uncrewed mission planned for 2014 . " So what does this mean for kids who dream of traveling in space ? Dan Hendrickson , director of Space Systems at Aerospace Industries Association  an association that represents aerospace and defense manufacturers  said there are plenty of opportunities . "  I 'm excited for NASA 's future and I 'm looking forward to the agency 's completion of numerous programs that will be brought online in just a few short years , " he said . "  Between the Commercial Crew program , the Orion Multi-Purpose Crew Vehicle , and the Space Launch System , more vehicles are being built for human spaceflight right now  2014  than at any other point in our history , if  the nation  maintains steady support for these programs . " Ruck and his team passionately hope the film will "  draw attention to the importance of the STEM education as it relates to our nation 's ability to remain on the cutting edge of science and technology to create jobs of the future . " Ruck personally believes , "  We need a vibrant space program to provide the context needed for young people to pursue these challenging and exciting career fields . " According to NASA.gov and Whitehouse.gov , the 2014 NASA budget is $ 17.7 billion dollars , the same as 2013 and a .3 % decrease from 2012 . That translates to a $ 50 million cut from 2012 funding . Ruck 's film is slated to be screened in May at the International Space Development Conference in Los Angeles that will host speakers Buzz Aldrin -- the Apollo astronaut who was the second man on the moon , Elon Musk , CEO of Space X , and Gwynne Shotwell , president and COO of Space X . The film will also be presented at the American Astronautical Society 's 60th Anniversary celebration on July 16 at the National Academy of Sciences in Washington . Most recently , Ruck and his film were invited to the Humans to Mars Summit 2014 at George Washington University . The film is scheduled to open discussions on how humanity can land on Mars by the 2030s . As Ruck said in a recent interview , "  Our goal with this film is to remind everyone what NASA means to the world , reignite those dreams again , and explore space together . "	Space film follows young man 's astronaut dream "  I Want to be an Astronaut " premiered aboard the space station in March FIRST Robotics featured in film about space travel dream NASA 's future includes several new vehicles for human space flight
CNN  -- Protests planned around Egypt -- particularly in Cairo 's Tahrir Square -- on the second anniversary of the January 25 revolution are expected to be an explosion of dissent , revealing the deep divisions in the country between President Mohamed Morsy and the Egyptian people . Opposition to Morsy 's authoritarianism is broader than the world recognizes . In making accommodations for Morsy 's government , the United States is -- once again -- out of step with the Egyptian people . Egyptians may not know exactly what they want , but they know what they do n't want . Although an effective political opposition has yet to coalesce , Egyptians from all sectors of society are united in their refusal to accept another repressive regime . Egypt is on a collision course . An ever growing , if periodically discouraged , portion of the population opposes the government and Morsy 's Muslim Brotherhood , and supports the revolution 's goals of social and economic justice , accountable government , and basic freedoms , including freedom of expression and protection of minorities . Yet the government is moving in exactly the opposite direction , with its authoritarian control over political , social , and religious life . The government 's investigation of the wildly popular "  Egyptian Jon Stewart " Bassem Youssef -- charged with insulting Morsy and undermining his command -- and the forced "  retirement " of respected journalist Hani Shukrallah , editor of state-owned Al-Ahram 's English-language website , are just two very public examples of the vice tightening on freedom of expression . In fact , the Arab Network for Human Rights says about 24 lawsuits for insulting Morsy have been filed against journalists and activists since his election in June . The regime is trying to put the revolution genie back in the bottle . But it is clamping down on a population that has discovered its voice . In opposition to this repression , Egyptians at all levels are increasingly engaged in politics . A Cairo cab driver -- ever the measure of popular sentiment -- recently debated the failings of the Constitution with a passenger . After reaching the destination , the driver leapt out , grabbed a dogeared copy of the Constitution he kept in the front seat , and pointed to a passage to prove his point to his passenger . The December demonstrations against President Morsy and the Muslim Brotherhood-backed Constitution , which attracted an even broader segment of the population than those who stood in Tahrir Square in 2011 , revealed the broadening chasm between the regime and the people in Egypt . Assembled outside the Presidential Palace were old and young , veiled and unveiled , rich and poor . Whether they arrived in chauffeur-driven cars or whether they marched from Cairo 's outlying shantytowns , the hundreds of thousands joined together in their refusal to accept a state that squashed the dreams of the revolution and dictated political , social , and religious behavior . Many call the second wave of the revolution in the fall of 2012 the "  Mothers ' Revolution . " Parents and grandparents went into the streets to protest the divided loyalties in their families between the Islamists  Brotherhood or Salafis  and those supporting a democratic , secular Egypt . In Egypt , secular means freedom from state control of religion , not nonreligious . The clash between these two visions of Egypt -- secular with freedom and social justice , or a religious state run by the Brotherhood with its version of Sharia law -- played out inside families and on the streets . Soldiers protecting the Presidential Palace during the December demonstrations were moved to tears when an Egyptian woman , referring to Morsy , shouted at them , "  Why are you protecting this man who is pitting Egyptians against each other ? " Mohamed El Gindy , a successful businessman who opposes Morsy and spent much of December camping in Tahrir with the young revolutionaries , has experienced this division within families firsthand . A relative who had joined the Salafis informed him that the extreme Islamist group had put El Gindy at No. 5 on its "  hit list , " which is widely believed by Egyptians to exist . The relative was unapologetic until El Gindy told him that he might as well put El Gindy 's mother on the list , too , since the octogenarian also had joined the street protests . Egypt and its families may be divided , but on one subject , all are united -- in the belief that the United States is supporting the Muslim Brotherhood-dominated government . Visible in the throngs at the December demonstrations were signs opposing Qatar and the United States -- yes , the U.S. and Qatar were lumped together as supporters of the Muslim Brotherhood regime . "  This is such a historic opportunity to restore the image of the U.S. , but instead it is putting itself in the same position as Qatar . ... And this from President Obama -- so disappointing , " Riham Bahi , a professor at American University in Cairo , said , reflecting views heard repeatedly last December in Egypt . Opposition leader and blogger Bassem Sabry was even more blunt : "  With the Constitution in play , you are subsidizing an Islamist state . " Sabry said he was always pro-U.S. "  until the revolution . " In addition , the Pentagon plans to proceed with the delivery of 20 F-16 jets to Egypt , a step that looks to Egyptians like a vote of confidence in Morsy . Unchanged since the revolution , U.S. aid policy toward Egypt still makes the military alliance its priority . Two years after the Egyptian Revolution , the U.S. government finds itself again backing an authoritarian regime against the popular will . As January 25 approaches , with massive protests planned against Morsy 's government , this is a precarious position for both the U.S. and Egypt . In his second term , Obama should adopt a more agile and informed policy toward Egypt , one that matches the words often heard from the White House -- "  The United States always has stood with the Egyptian people " -- with action . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Cynthia Schneider .	National protests against Morsy set for second anniversary of Egypt 's revolution Cynthia Schneider : U.S. out of step , underestimates the anti-Morsy sentiment She says proponents of secular democracy think the U.S. backs Muslim Brotherhood She says massive protests will show U.S. needs to align itself with the popular will
CNN  -- Nina Davuluri , a 24-year-old Indian-American from upstate New York , expertly twirled to the pulsing beats of a Bollywood tune during the talent portion of the Miss America pageant . At the same time , she spun the traditional notion of American beauty on its head . In the interview portion of Sunday 's pageant , Davuluri was asked about Chinese-American journalist Julie Chen 's decision to have eyelid surgery to advance her career . "  I do n't agree with plastic surgery ; however , I can understand that from a standpoint , " Davuluri said , delivering a noncommittal , diplomatic answer . "  But more importantly , I 've always viewed a Miss America as the girl next door , and the girl next door is evolving as the diversity in America evolves . She 's not who she was 10 years ago , and she 's not going to be the same come 10 years down the road . So I would n't want to change someone 's looks or appearance , but definitely be confident in who you are . " While Chen made the decision to undergo eyelid surgery , Davuluri opted to highlight her heritage on a historically conservative American platform . And both women reveal that each of their definitions of beauty , to varying degrees , is rooted in the idea of individual choice -- a concept that , for better or worse , is as American as it gets . Half a century ago , Miss America was synonymous with a blond-haired , blue-eyed incarnation of beauty . But the first Indian-American winner of Miss America and Chen 's candid admission reflect the evolution of American beauty , which is now less about assimilation than it is about the freedom of choice . It 's been more than 60 years since the Miss America Pageant had Rule No. 7 , a stipulation that barred nonwhites from participating : "  Contestant must be in good health and of the white race . " And gone is the day when it was required for contestants to list their ancestry . On the surface , this change suggests that culturally assimilating to white Anglo-Saxon Protestant ideals is no longer a prerequisite to winning . But Davuluri 's win sparked criticism , including tired call-center analogies , references to terrorism and being dubbed "  Princess Jasmine " -- for supposedly prioritizing her subcontinental roots over her star-spangled ones . Critics seemed to emphasize that her Indian heritage -- she was born in New York to parents from the southern Indian state of Andhra Pradesh -- and American patriotism could not occupy the same space , no matter how genuine her display . Former Miss California : How do we teach kids diversity is beautiful ? Davuluri , an eloquent speaker and aspiring doctor , should be a welcome respite from a surge of recent pageant participants who have claimed headlines for all the wrong reasons . Cases in point : Blond-haired , hazel-eyed Miss Teen USA hopeful Caitlin Upton , who gained notoriety in 2007 for a largely incoherent response to a geography question , or all-American Miss Utah 2013 , aka Marisa Powell , of "  create education better " fame . Chen also faced hurdles following her decision to have plastic surgery , including a family that was initially divided over her choice . "  I did it ; I moved on . No one 's more proud of being Chinese than I am , " Chen told the hosts of CBS ' "  The Talk " last week . "  After I had that done , the ball did roll for me , " she added , referring to her new and improved journalism career . Ultimately , whether it is Julie Chen or Nina Davuluri , Miss Kansas or Miss New York , I 'm grateful that they all set the stage for my own story : the daughter of Indian immigrants , born and raised in Japan and educated in the United States . It 's heartening to know that there are others who exist outside traditional conventions of American identity , paving the way for a more inclusive definition of both inner and outer beauty . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Aarti Virani .	TV host and anchor Julie Chen reveals she had plastic surgery to advance her career The first Indian-American was crowned Miss America on a platform of diversity Aarti Virani says both women reflect an evolving American beauty rooted in choice
AOL Autos  -- Do you want a 2010 Chevrolet Camaro ? You 'd better be prepared to offer the dealer more money than the MSRP requires , and you 'd better be willing to wait . Various reports have indicated that General Motors ca n't build the reborn bow tie pony car fast enough to quench public demand . The Camaro was originally built from 1967 to 2002 ; the 2010 model marks the brand 's rebirth . The 2010 Camaro is catching more than a few eyes . That 's excellent news for a company that needs a reason to smile , and it could be even better for dealers donning Chevrolet 's famous bow tie . After all , car sales are still firmly in the tank , and GM has seen more than its fair share of shrunken demand . In May , GM announced that it would close 1,100 dealers by the end of 2010 , leaving them with about 3,600 . Dealers started selling the two-door Camaro in May . Why it 's popular Chevy representatives swear the 2010 Camaro 's styling is n't retro , although it does bring forward some styling cues from older Camaros  namely the 1969 model  in a thoroughly modern manner . If you 're not intimate with the historic Camaro design language , zero in on the new car 's vestigial vents ahead of the rear wheels and the dual-plain grill flanked by round headlights . These elements overlay the long-hood/short-deck 2 +2 body style Ford made famous with their original 1964 Mustang  the source of the "  pony car " moniker  . AOL Autos : 2010 Chevy Camaro first drive What 's modern about the new Camaro 's exterior is everything else . Short front and rear overhangs are modern , as are the large wheels  up to 20-inch compared to 1969 when 14-inch wheels were the norm  . Furthermore , extensive aerodynamic testing shaped the brooding overhang of the grille , plan view shape of nose , and everything aft of the roof 's rear pillar . The blend of old and new carries through inside . High-quality and modern materials form the foundation for a driving environment bejeweled with instruments clearly inspired by the first-generation Camaro . The twin pods and their curiously canted numerals effectively communicate the Camaro 's formidable performance . The Camaro 's interior technically seats four , but because it 's a 2 +2 , the rear seats do n't offer much leg room . However , complaining that the Camaro does n't have enough room in the rear is silly ... much like complaining about a motorcycle having inadequate doors .  If you 're looking for more interior room , check out the Chevy Malibu .  AOL Autos : Best July deals on cars and trucks Cool stuff inside the Camaro • The fastest Camaro has a 6.2-liter V-8 engine , generating 422 horsepower • Despite its 304 hp , the V-6 Camaro gets a fuel-sipping 29 miles per gallon on the highway • The SS model offers 20-inch aluminum wheels and 4-piston Brembo brakes and offers an optional white stripe color option on the hood • Optional gadgetry includes XM Radio , a USB port and Bluetooth Reserving a place in line Dealers have already booked about 25,000 orders for the Camaro , yet only half have been delivered to date . Analysts reportedly told Bloomberg that dealers are getting $ 500 over sticker on average , too , and at least one dealer is guessing that he wo n't have a Camaro to sell in stock for at least a year . Bartow Chevrolet in Florida sold its first two Camaros at MSRP , and the dealership has already booked 18 orders . AOL Autos : 2009 's best looking vehicles There is no question that the Camaro has grabbed the attention of the car-buying public , and the recent debut of Transformers 2 will likely give the pony car another marketing shot in the arm . GM sold 5,463 copies of the Camaro in May , and we 're guessing that number will grow as production ramps up.AOL Autos : Top 10 movie car chases June figures will appear this week and GM spokesman Terry Rhadigan has gone on record saying that Camaro sales should be equal to that of the popular Ford Mustang by the end of June . AOL Autos : 10 classic American rides	Chevy 2010 Camaros are flying off dealer car lots Dealers have booked about 25,000 orders ; only half have been delivered Chevy swears 2010 styling is n't retro -- but 1964 , 1969 style cues noted Short front and rear overhangs are modern , as are large wheels -- up to 20-inches
CNN  -- French President Francois Hollande visited the Malian town of Timbuktu on Saturday , a jubilant trip days after his nation 's forces freed the fabled city from the iron grip of Islamist militants . France launched the offensive against militants in its former colony three weeks ago . The ground and air campaign has sent Islamist fighters who had seized the northern region fleeing into the vast deserts . "  We are serving a cause defined within the United Nations ' framework ... to bring the entire Malian territory under the legitimate authority of the Malian president and then the leaders who will be elected by the Malians , " Hollande said in Timbuktu . French troops , he said , are not in Mali to venture into politics . Broken limbs , torn lives in northern Mali "  I have enough to do with French politics , " he said . "  So we are at the service of a mission which was defined from the call of the Malian president and within the framework of the Security Council resolutions . " Hollande landed in Sevare accompanied by his defense and foreign ministers , CNN affiliate BFMTV reported . From there , he joined Malian interim President Dioncounda Traore for the Timbuktu visit . French-led forces liberated the historical city this week after Islamist militants took control of it last year . In Timbuktu , residents bestowed him with a camel while others danced . What 's behind instability in Mali ? The trip comes as troops from both nations make major gains in the battle against militants . French-led troops now control Timbuktu and Gao cities , along with a swath in between that was an Islamist stronghold for almost a year , the French Defense Ministry said . France sent troops at Mali 's request after radical Islamists seized the strategic town of Konna on January 10 . The town is now back under Malian control . Islamic extremists carved out a large portion of the north last year , taking advantage of a chaotic situation after a military coup . They banned music , smoking , drinking and watching sports on television , and destroyed historic tombs and shrines in the region . World leaders feared that the al Qaeda-linked militants would turn the area into a terrorist haven . Opinion : Why Hollande must show clearer leadership But with the offensive sending the fighters scattering , residents are once again roaming the streets without fear . France has 2,150 soldiers in Mali and 1,000 more troops supporting the operation from elsewhere . Hollande 's visit comes a day after a rights group accused Malian troops of extrajudicial killings and abuses during the offensive . "  Malian government forces summarily executed at least 13 suspected Islamist supporters and forcibly disappeared five others from the Garrison town of Sevare and Konna " in January , Human Rights Watch said . The United Nations also warned that the Tuareg and Arab civilians in Timbuktu , Kidal and Gao regions are at risk of reprisal attacks . Malian and French military officials have repeatedly called for respect of international law and human rights . Six reasons events in Mali matter	NEW : French President Francois Hollande visits the historical city of Timbuktu NEW : Residents give him a camel as a gift Timbuktu , once overrun by militants , is now under control of Malian forces The French-led offensive against militants in northern Mali started this month
CNN  -- The Orionid meteor shower put on a cosmic light show for the Northern Hemisphere over the weekend . The Orionids peaked early Sunday morning as more than 25 meteors an hour streaked the night sky . The astronomical event caught the attention of many photographers over the weekend . iReporters from across the world stayed up late or woke up early for the chance to catch a glimpse of the meteor shower . Renata Arpasova set her alarm a few hours early , waking up at 1 a.m. to see the Orionids from Wiltshire , England . She found a clear patch of sky and was thrilled to see a few big , bright meteors pass overhead . She described the Orionids as being magical . "  I love meteor showers , and have always been fascinated by them from an early age , " she said . "  They 're nature 's fireworks , and they are so breathtaking , especially when you get a big fireball that burns through the astrosphere . " "  And you get to make a wish every time you see a meteor , " she said . A childhood love of space inspired Robbie Lopez to wake up early to watch for the Orionids as well . He was disappointed to look out his window at 2 a.m. and see extensive cloud coverage in Richmond , Virginia . Determined to capture a photograph of the Orionid meteor shower , he drove 25 minutes to a remote field in Chester , Virginia , and says he was not disappointed with the show . "  The shower itself was quite a beautiful sight , " he said . "  I had seen the occasional shooting star and had always wanted to see a shower , but never saw one until that night . " He described the shower as a quick process , with streaks of light dashing across the sky , lasting for only fractions of a second . "  The sheer number of them made the wait in the cold worthwhile , " he said . "  I was even more surprised by how many more meteors my camera captured that my eyes did not see . " The quick dashes of light from are produced when the meteoroids strike the planet 's atmosphere at approximately 148,000 mph , according to NASA . Fast meteors have a tendency to explode , becoming fireballs in the sky . Once a meteor explodes in the Earth 's atmosphere , it leaves behind a trail of stardust , which viewers on the ground see as streaks of light , or the meteoric tail . In North Wales , Kevin Lewis watched a late movie to pass the time before the Orionid meteor shower . He sat outside snapping photographs of the Orionids from 1 a.m. to 4 a.m. Despite the chilly weather , he found the experience relaxing . "  Meteors always capture my imagination , " he said . "  Considering they are mere specks of dust , they have a huge impact on the viewer . " The Orionid meteor shower occurs annually in October as the Earth passes through a patch of space debris left from the famed Halley 's Comet . The space dust enters the Earth 's atmosphere as meteors , creating what we now refer to as the Orionids , which seems to shoot from the constellation Orion , the Hunter . Although the Orionids is not the strongest meteor shower , it is considered one of the most beautiful , according to NASA . The meteor shower is framed by some of the brightest planets and stars in the sky , like Venus , Mars and Sirius . Did you miss the Orionids ' peak over the weekend ? You may still be able to catch some streaking meteors for the next few days as Earth continues to pass through the remnants from Halley 's Comet . Then post your best photos to iReport !	Every October , Earth experiences a light show from the Orionid meteor shower . During the Orionids , more than 25 meteors an hour can be seen in the sky . The Orionids is considered one of the most beautiful meteor showers . iReporters from across the world photographed the Orionids over the weekend .
Washington  CNN  -- Analysts and sources say a combination of experience working with the CIA in the field and political considerations are behind President Barack Obama 's expected nomination of Gen. David Petraeus to be the next director of the Central Intelligence Agency . Petraeus , the 58-year-old four-star general who commands the U.S.-led international military force in Afghanistan , represents a new breed of military leader well-versed in counter-insurgency strategies that depend on coordination and cooperation with the CIA , analysts say . His experience and strong contacts in the major foreign-policy hot spots for the Obama administration -- Iraq , Afghanistan and Pakistan -- provide strategic value for the leader of CIA operations on the ground in those countries , according to security experts . Obama reorganizes national security team "  He has a unique understanding of the important role of the CIA -- what they do , how they do it , " said Frances Townsend , CNN 's security analyst who was a homeland security adviser to President George W. Bush . "  I think he 's got a both a good understanding of how they work and their value to the military mission . " Bruce Riedel , a former CIA officer now at the Brookings Institution 's Saban Center for Middle East Policy , called the expected nomination of Petraeus a good move for the administration and the CIA . "  He has a great deal of experience in dealing with the most difficult problems confronting the American intelligence community today , " Riedel told CNN . "  He also brings the perspective of a battlefield commander to the intelligence community . " At the same time , Petraeus also was considered a credible candidate to succeed Adm. Mike Mullen as chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff when Mullen 's term expires this year . As the architect and leader of the surge in Iraq and now head of the Afghanistan mission , Petraeus is considered the nation 's most well-known and popular military leader since Colin Powell . Sources told CNN that Petraeus , whose current tour in Afghanistan is winding up with the expected start of a troop drawdown later this year , never really wanted to be Joint Chiefs chairman . Instead , Petraeus wanted to be in a "  command " rather than the joint chief chairman 's advisory role to the president , the sources said . For the White House , the sources noted , the CIA role for Petraeus gives him an important command position that tends to stay out of the public spotlight , which could be important given Petraeus ' strong personality and the pending challenges of the Afghanistan mission as the presidential campaign gets going . Some conservatives complained that moving Petraeus to the CIA would deny the nation his leadership in a key role as the nation 's top military officer . "  It seems clear that the administration 's number one desire was to deny one of the greatest generals of the last century the chairmanship of the Joint Chiefs , " said Danielle Pletka , vice president for foreign and defense policy studies at the American Enterprise Institute . "  It is an incredible misuse of a great military leader , and the notion that someone of his caliber should go from turning around two wars to being number two in the U.S. intelligence community seems almost comical , " she added , referring to Director of National Intelligence James R. Clapper as being the head of U.S. intelligence . Townsend called a move to the CIA for Petraeus "  surprising , " given his military command experience . "  Is it the obvious next step in his illustrious career ? No , " Townsend said , adding : "  But he 'll do very well at it . " Riedel said Petraeus knows the Washington decision-making process and probably never would have agreed to the move without a guarantee of access to Obama . "  Any appointment in every administration has political angles to it , " Riedel said . "  The David Petraeus I know is not a shrinking violet . If he thinks a decision is a wrong , decision , he 'll have ways of making that clear . " Petraeus enjoys widespread popularity in Congress . Republican Rep. Peter King of New York , chairman of the House Homeland Security Committee , praised the choice of Petraeus to head the CIA in a statement Wednesday . However , Democratic Sen. Dianne Feinstein of California , who chairs the Senate Intelligence Committee , indicated Petraeus could face tough questioning from her panel . "  He is clearly a very accomplished officer and familiar with the parts of the world where many of the threats to our security originate , " Feinstein said , noting that Petraeus has commanded intelligence resources in Iraq and Afghanistan . "  But that is a different role than leading the top civilian intelligence agency . I look forward to hearing his vision for the CIA and his plans to make sure the CIA is collecting the type of intelligence that policymakers need . " Rick Nelson , national security expert from the Center for Strategic and International Studies , said Petraeus has "  a lot of respect around Washington and in the broader international community , which is very important as head of the CIA . " "  Petraeus has the gravitas to deal with Congress , the administration , and the other executive branch agencies , " Nelson noted . The general literally wrote the book on counterinsurgency techniques by overseeing development of the Army/Marine Corps Counterinsurgency Manual . In heading the U.S.-led military missions in both Iraq and Afghanistan , he has experienced and benefited from the CIA 's support and increased the CIA role , including the operation of unmanned drone strikes in Pakistan . While the CIA role in Iraq , in combating al Qaeda and in the Pakistan drone operation "  has grown tremendously " under Petraeus ' military command , he also understands the limitations of what the CIA can do , Rieder said . That could make his term as CIA director "  a bit of fresh air " for the agency , Rieder said , adding : "  He will say I 'm very proud of your successes , but there are areas where you can do better and I intend to make this organization better . " The last military officer to head the CIA was Michael Hayden , a four-star Air Force general who took office in uniform in 2006 but then retired his military post in 2008 under "  some pressure from Congress , " according to Townsend . Sources including a senior administration official said Petraeus also would retire from the military once confirmed and would be a civilian director of the CIA . "  The CIA should be a civilian organization , and we want it to have that cultural identity , " Townsend said . Asked about the importance of having a civilian at its helm , she said : "  I do n't really think it matters . It 's dependent on the person and it 's dependent on the mission . " CNN 's Barbara Starr , John King and Alan Silverleib contributed to this story .	NEW : Sources say Petraeus will resign from the military once confirmed The decorated general is expected to be nominated to be CIA director Sources say Petraeus did n't want to become Joint Chiefs chairman Analysts cite Petraeus ' experience working with the CIA in battle zones
CNN  -- The Pitcairn Islands might only have 55 human inhabitants , but the waters surrounding them are teeming with marine life . A new study by the Pew Environment Group in partnership with the National Geographic Society has revealed the glorious extent of the biodiversity in this remote corner of the South Pacific . A team of scientists led by marine ecologist Enric Sala completed more than 450 dives at 97 locations earlier this year as well as lowering cameras down to depths of 1,600 meters in a further 17 spots . Along with more than 250 species of fish , 70 species of coral and more than 60 varieties of algae were observed around the four islands  Pitcairn , Henderson , Oeno and Ducie  that make up the British Overseas Territory . To date , nearly 1,250 marine species  including seabirds  have been found in the area , but scientists believe many more remain undiscovered . Read : Project to turn desert green trials in Qatar Given its "  unique and pristine " environment , the expedition report recommends turning the Exclusive Economic Zone  EEZ  -- an area extending 200 nautical miles from a territory 's coast -- around Pitcairn into a "  no-take " marine reserve . "  There are only a handful of EEZs of the world that remain pristine occupying less than 5 % of the ocean , " the report says . "  These places allow us to know what the ocean was like before heavy human impacts ... and most important , to set proper conservation and management goals for our oceans . " Should the UK government back the plan , the reserve would become the largest of its kind in the world , covering an area of more than 800,000 square kilometers  300,000 square miles  , according to the Pew Environment Group . The proposals have received the enthusiastic backing of the Pitcairn islanders , whose tiny population includes a direct descendant of Fletcher Christian -- leader of the mutineers on HMS Bounty who settled on the island in 1790 . Read : What is the natural world worth ? A National Geographic documentary about the expedition -- "  Pitcairn : The Real Bounty Revealed " -- recently premiered at the headquarters of the UK 's Royal Society in London . Speaking at the event , Pew Environment Group managing director , Josh Reichert said that until recently it was widely believed that the oceans were too vast and abundant to be impacted by humans . "  We now know this is not true . Unless we change our relationship with the sea , we will inevitably bear witness to its collapse , " Reichert said .	Survey of Pitcairn Islands marine environment revealed a rich biodiversity of fish , coral and algae Pew Environment Group hope to turn British Overseas Territory into a vast marine reserve Around 1,250 marine species recorded but scientists believe many more remain undiscovered "  These places allow us to know what the ocean was like before heavy human impacts , " expedition report says
Washington  CNN  -- 2010 has opened on an unsettling note for Democrats in the U.S. Senate . Connecticut 's Chris Dodd and North Dakota 's Byron Dorgan -- two longtime power players in the chamber -- have announced their intention to step down at the end of the year . If history is any guide , the party now faces an uphill struggle to maintain its 60-seat supermajority . Failure to do so could have serious ramifications for President Obama as he tries to look past the health care debate and tackle global warming , ballooning budget deficits and a range of other politically contentious issues . The fight over health care reform has clearly demonstrated that 60 votes is now the minimum threshold for passing major legislation through the Senate . Anything less leaves the majority party at the mercy of a minority increasingly willing to employ the filibuster to grind the legislative gears of the Senate to a halt . Democrats currently have exactly 60 members in their caucus ; Republicans have 40 . The GOP knows that presidents typically lose House and Senate seats during midterm elections , and is banking on that fact to block much of Obama 's agenda . "  Midterm elections are usually low-turnout affairs , " noted CNN polling director Keating Holland . "  Conservative Republicans , however , have been energized by their strong opposition to Obama 's agenda . They 're likely to vote this November . Many liberals , on the other hand , do n't feel Obama has pushed strong enough on their issues . It 's unclear at the moment if they 'll be as likely to show at the polls . " This year , Democrats must defend 19 seats , including an opening that occurred when veteran Massachusetts Sen. Ted Kennedy died . A special election for Kennedy 's seat -- widely expected to be won by the Democrats -- will take place January 19 . Republicans are defending 18 seats . The GOP , according to many analysts , is now placing a high priority on picking up Democratic seats in Colorado , Delaware , Illinois , Nevada , North Dakota and Pennsylvania . The Illinois and Delaware seats were once held by Obama and Vice President Joe Biden , respectively . Obama 's replacement , Sen. Roland Burris , was immediately tainted after being tapped to fill Obama 's vacancy by Rod Blagojevich , the state 's scandal-plagued former governor . Burris is not seeking election in his own right . Biden 's replacement , Sen. Ted Kaufman , is likely to step aside in favor of the vice president 's son , Delaware Attorney General Beau Biden , analysts believe . Delaware 's longtime GOP congressman , Mike Castle , is being touted as the likely Republican nominee . Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , D-Nevada , is struggling to manage Obama 's more progressive agenda while also seeking a fifth term from his traditionally conservative state . Republicans , however , are having a tough time unifying behind an opponent . At the same time , five-term Pennsylvania Sen. Arlen Specter remains a high-profile target for conservatives enraged by his decision to switch from the Republican Party to the Democratic Party last year . Before he can get to the general election , Specter will face a tough primary challenge from Rep. Joe Sestak , a former admiral . Also in the GOP 's crosshairs is two-term Arkansas Democrat Blanche Lincoln , who recently cast a tough political vote in favor of Reid 's health care bill . Dodd 's decision to retire , however , is widely believed to be beneficial to Democratic chances in largely liberal Connecticut . The state 's popular Democratic attorney general , Richard Blumenthal , declared his candidacy a few hours after Dodd announced he was stepping down . Democratic leaders , for their part , are placing a high priority on picking up GOP seats in Kentucky , Missouri , New Hampshire , and Ohio . Republicans have been stung by incumbents ' decisions to retire in all four states . Louisiana , a more conservative state , has attracted the interest of Democratic strategists . First-term GOP Sen. David Vitter has been tarred by his 2007 admission that he had a relationship with a prostitute . This year 's race in Florida has also become an increasingly high-profile contest , largely due to Republican infighting . GOP Sen. George LeMieux , who was appointed to the Senate after former Sen. Mel Martinez unexpectedly stepped down last year , is not seeking a full term . The state 's GOP governor , Charlie Crist , was widely expected to take the seat , but is now facing an unexpectedly strong conservative primary challenge from former Florida House Speaker Marco Rubio . Republicans are still , however , favored to hold the seat . CNN 's Mark Preston and Paul Steinhauser contributed to this report .	Democrats need 60-seat supermajority in Senate to get major bills passed Sens. Chris Dodd and Byron Dorgan announced this week they wo n't seek re-election GOP targeting vulnerable seats , including those vacated by Obama and Biden Flipping could go both ways , with Dems picking up some GOP seats
The sister of the Boston Marathon bombing suspect was arrested in New York City on Wednesday for allegedly making a bomb threat , police said . Ailina Tsarnaev , 24 , sister of Dzhokhar and Tamerlan Tsarnaev , was charged with aggravated harassment after a bomb threat was made by phone to another woman Monday . The recipient , whose name was not released , notified police of the threat , according to New York Police Department Lt. John Grimpel . Ailina Tsarnaev , a resident of North Bergen , New Jersey , turned herself in to authorities Wednesday . Her boyfriend shares a child with the woman who was threatened , Grimpel said . Alina Tsarnaev is no longer in custody and is expected to report to Manhattan criminal court on September 30 , according to Grimpel . Calls to her attorney were not immediately returned to CNN . Her brothers were accused of planting pressure-cooker bombs at the finish line of the 2013 Boston Marathon that killed three people and injured more than 260 . They also were accused of killing a Massachusetts Institute of Technology police officer . Older brother Tamerlan was killed in a police shootout , and Dzhokhar was captured in the days after the bombing . Dzhokhar Tsarnaev is awaiting trial in November on terrorism charges . Friend of Boston bombing suspect pleads guilty to obstructing justice What did suspected bomber 's widow know ?	Ailina Tsarnaev was charged after another woman received a bomb threat by phone She is the sister of Dzhokhar and Tamerlan Tsarnaev They were sought after he 2013 Boston Marathon bombing Tamerlan died in a police shootout , and Dzhokhar was captured and awaits trial
CNN  -- Who -- or what -- is "  War Horse " for ? Steven Spielberg 's second movie of the season is a very different kettle of fish from "  The Adventures of Tintin , " which is unpretentious escapism aimed directly at the family audience . "  War Horse " is his pedigree picture , the tipsters ' front-runner for the Academy Awards . But the marketing materials are also at pains to stress that this is "  an epic adventure for audiences of all ages , " and it 's based on a children 's novel by Michael Morpungo  by way of Nick Stafford 's acclaimed stage adaptation  , so I guess the ideal audience would be a teenage Academy voter , a history buff with a thing for horses . Set in and immediately prior to World War I , the movie chronicles the experiences of a feisty colt , a thoroughbred who 's named Joey by the tenant farmer 's son  newcomer Jeremy Irvine  , who cares for him and coaxes him to drag a plough through a rock pile . Sold into the army by the boy 's drunken and penurious father  Peter Mullan  , Joey passes from one rider to the next : a British cavalry officer  Tom Hiddleston  , a German hospital orderly  David Kross  , a young French girl  Celine Buckens  , and so on , in the narrative equivalent of a relay race -- the horse being the baton . Inevitably this episodic story hits highs and lows . Spielberg invests a great deal in the first act , an agrarian melodrama shot in the rosy , romantic style that David Lean brought to "  Ryan 's Daughter . " Mullan plays one of those proud working-class types who will outbid his landlord for a pretty horse just because he likes its spirit  and has drunk too much spirits himself  . The plot builds to a ploughing sequence so overwrought you would think the colt had parted the Red Sea . John Williams ' lush symphonic score is a constant presence , while Janusz Kaminski 's artful lighting is another self-conscious throwback , this time to the classical style of 1940s studio filmmaking .  Almost as clearly as "  The Artist , " "  War Horse " is Hollywood pastiche , with bits and pieces of Elia Kazan and even "  Gone with the Wind " whipped into the mix . The prologue evokes a rudimentary class consciousness that evaporates as soon as Joey comes into the possession of Hiddleston 's gallant cavalry captain -- whose fateful battle charge is one of the film 's most impressive flourishes , and a striking expression of another of the story 's obvious themes , the industrialization of warfare . But the movie loses its footing badly in the next two episodes , when the focus shifts away from the horse and on to his minders : two German deserters , and then a French farmer and his granddaughter . This last is an especially ill-judged interlude , and seems only to have been included as an olive branch toward any young horse-lovers of the female persuasion who may have found themselves at this war movie by mistake . The scrupulously neutral and fundamentally banal screenplay by Lee Hall  "  Billy Elliot "  and Richard Curtis  "  Love Actually "  reaches its nadir shortly afterward , when Joey apparently "  volunteers " to drag heavy artillery through the mud in order to relieve a four-legged comrade he recognizes from their cavalry unit . Such blatant Disneyfication sits very strangely alongside Spielberg 's real piÃ ¨ ce de rÃ © sistance , a nightmarish , expressionist mad dash across the trenches into the barbed-wire hell of no man 's land . The animal 's terror and anguish is vivid and horrific , and this long sequence is reason enough to concern parents of preteens . We are promised "  no animals were harmed " during the filming , but there 's no such guarantee for the little beasts sitting beside you .  The film is sensibly rated PG-13 .	"  War Horse " chronicles the experiences of a feisty colt , a thoroughbred named Joey The film is Spielberg 's pedigree picture -- a front-runner for the Academy Awards Hard to tell who 's the target audience -- teenage Academy voters ?
ESTERO , Florida  CNN  -- Alana and Joe Consolo should have had the excitement of a young couple enjoying their first house , but the South Florida pair was walking through it recently with a healthy dose of fear . Alana and Joe Consolo tour their Florida house after it was gutted because of concerns about the drywall . They 've been caught in a maelstrom of headline news events that would make your head spin . Both were laid off as the economy soured . The nation 's housing crisis cut their Florida house 's value in half . And now their home 's interior is being rebuilt because it contained Chinese-made drywall that they say has made them sick . The Consolos are among homeowners in several states who allege Chinese drywall has emitted corrosive gases they believe have given them headaches and upper respiratory problems and caused household systems such as air-conditioning units to fail . "  I 'm holding back tears , " Alana Consolo said as she walked through the house , which is in the middle of the reconstruction project . "  I have chills and I 'm angry -- really , really angry -- and really sad , too . " The Consolos moved into the home in Estero , near Fort Myers , less than three years ago . But they moved out six weeks ago , and even though it 's being rebuilt , they doubt they 'll return there to live because they 've yet to be convinced they 'd be healthy . "  The last time that we saw the house in this condition , " Alana said , looking at the gutted interior , "  we came in excited , holding our hands , planning on where we were going to put our -LSB- baby -RSB- room for our new family . " Watch the Consolos tour the gutted home " Concerns about Chinese-made drywall emerged in Florida last year but by now have spread to other states . The U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission said it 's investigating complaints in Florida , Virginia , Alabama , Louisiana , Washington and North Carolina . And class-action lawsuits are lining up against Chinese manufacturers as well as suppliers and builders . The Florida Department of Health said complaints it received -- more than 180 as of Thursday -- generally involve homes built between 2004 and 2007 , around the time that a building boom and post-hurricane reconstruction caused a U.S. drywall shortage and spurred imports from China . A study done for the Florida department by private laboratory Unified Engineering Inc. found that samples of certain Chinese drywall gave off a sulfurous odor from "  volatile sulfur compounds " when exposed to extreme heat and moisture . It also found that vapors "  in the residential atmosphere created a corrosive environment in the presence of moisture , " according to Unified 's report . But state and federal officials said they 're still testing to determine whether the drywall poses health risks . The Consolos , who now have a 4-month-old daughter , said they first noticed a problem in December when their smoke detectors kept going off inexplicably . An inspection revealed that copper wiring inside the house had turned black . And the couple said they suffered from headaches and upper respiratory problems while living in the house . So they moved out . Now the house , which had Chinese-made drywall , has been stripped . The builder , Lennar Homes , is footing the bill for the reconstruction and a nearby rental house for the Consolos . Moving out came at a trying time for the family . Both were laid off about a year ago by Countrywide Bank , where they were mortgage loan originators . Joe Consolo is now a restaurant manager . Also , the nation 's housing crisis hit their home . Purchased for $ 528,000 , it has recently been appraised for $ 280,000 . Trying to get out from under a bad investment , they went to their bank to do a short sale . "  The value had decreased so much , we were throwing money out the window , " Alana Consolo said . Two offers for $ 250,000 and $ 255,000 were rejected . So , they made a business decision : They stopped paying their mortgage and declared bankruptcy . The Consolos are now three months behind in their payments . They 're not sure yet if foreclosure is in their future , but they do n't think it will be easy to sell a house that 's had drywall issues . The Gypsum Association said that enough drywall was imported from China since 2006 to build 30,000 complete homes . Most of the Chinese drywall , it said , ended up in southwest Florida during the housing boom . As for the Consolos ' health problems , Alana said her headaches stopped after they moved out of the house . Joe said he 's been hospitalized twice for pneumonia , and he 's been diagnosed with lupus , an autoimmune disease of the blood . The Consolos said they believe drywall was the cause . Lennar Homes , the Consolos ' builder , said it has identified at least 80 homes it built with Chinese drywall . It is offering to gut and rebuild those homes for free . "  They 're doing what 's responsible , we believe , " Alana Consolo said . "  We 're repairing the homes by removing every piece of drywall from the home and replacing all affected copper , " said Chris Marlin , a vice president for Lennar Homes . Lennar also is suing Chinese manufacturers and their U.S. suppliers . But while the Consolos ' home is being rebuilt , their lives still are filled with stress and unanswered questions . They said they think foreclosure may be the best way to get away from a house that they think has made them sick and that they do n't believe they could sell because of the housing crisis and drywall issues . "  There 's the fear , ` Are they taking everything out ? ' " Alana Consolo said . "  We want to have more children , and Joe has an autoimmune disorder . -LSB- Going back is -RSB- just a risk I 'm not willing to take . " She added , "  The economy started it . The Chinese drywall cemented it for us . "	Florida couple 's house being revamped ; they say Chinese drywall made them sick Drywall concerns came after layoffs , home devaluation Family living in different home at builder 's expense while theirs is fixed Homeowner says she 's "  really , really angry "
NEW YORK  CNN  -- She survived a bloodbath at a Lane Bryant store in Tinley Park , Illinois , by playing dead . The only survivor , she gave police a detailed description of the gunman . The Illinois State police worked closely with the survivor to come up with a composite of the gunman . Police are n't identifying their witness to protect her safety . Five other women lost their lives at Lane Bryant on February 2 , 2008 . The gunman is still at large . The crime began to unfold shortly after 10 a.m. when a man posing as a delivery man walked into the store . He chatted briefly with two customers and two employees . Then , police said , he pulled out a gun and announced a holdup . He forced the four women into the back room , police said . He bound them with duct tape and placed them face down on the floor . Two more women who later entered the store also were taken to the back room , tied and placed next to the others . Watch an update on the case " Store manager Rhoda McFarland managed to call 911 from her cell phone at 10:44 a.m. , just before she was shot to death . She got to her phone while the gunman was distracted , even though she was bound by the duct tape . On the call , posted on the Tinley Park police Web site , a man can be heard saying , "  I 'm losing it . " The six women were shot execution style . Five of them were dead by the time police arrived , a few minutes after McFarland 's call . A sixth woman survived . She , too , had been shot and left for dead , but tricked the killer by pretending to be dead . The killer was not wearing a mask or disguise , so she was able to describe him in detail . She told police he was a 6 foot African-American male , average weight , medium to dark skin tone , with braided hair and cornrows , husky build , and between 25 and 35 years old . His hair was pulled back , but one braid hung along his right cheek with light-green beads at the end of it , she told police . Police have released a composite sketch based on the witness ' description . Besides store manager McFarland , the other women slain were Jennifer Bishop , Connie Woolfolk , Carrie Hudek Chiuso and Sarah Szafranski . The investigation remains open and active , and all theories are still being investigated , police say . The investigation has included a thorough vetting of the victims ' backgrounds to determine whether any of them had any enemies . "  None of the victimology so far has led to any suspects yet , " said Commander Pat McCain of the Tinley Park Police Department . Police are n't ruling out any theories , including robbery . The gunman took a few hundred dollars , police said . "  Certainly , the surviving witness did n't seem to recognize the killer , but maybe one of the dead victims knew him . We do n't know , " McCain said . The weapon used was a .40 - caliber Glock . Bullet casings were left at the scene and the killer took the weapon with him . More than a year later , forensics from the crime scene are still being processed , police said . Investigators wo n't comment on whether the gunman left any fingerprints , hair or other trace evidence . Police say they have received more than 5,000 tips and feel this case will be solved . But at this point , they have not named a person of interest or a suspect . Investigators are asking for the public 's help . There is a $ 100,000 reward for the arrest of the person or persons responsible for the Lane Bryant shootings . Have information ? Please call the Tinley Park Police tip line at 708 444-5394 or go to the tip line on the department 's Web site .	Police release detailed composite of Lane Bryant shooting suspect Store manager called 911 before being shot to death On call , man can be heard saying , "  I 'm losing it " $ 100,000 reward offered . Information ? Call tip line at 708 444-5394
CNN  -- The alleged gang rape of a 15-year-old girl on the campus of Richmond High School in Northern California while 10 or more witnesses , most of them students , looked on has sparked familiar questions : "  Why are our kids so messed up ? " "  Why did n't these students try to stop the crime ? " "  What 's happening in our schools ? " These are fair questions , and commentators in the media have provided familiar answers . The purported rape is another sad example of today 's self-absorbed and uncaring youth . It was the media 's glorification of violence that caused it . The horrific act shows how sociopathic brains develop . But it seems as if the majority of commentators have settled on the idea that the Richmond students did nothing because of the "  bystander effect " : The more people involved in a criminal incident , the less likely any one of them will intervene to do something about it . Unfortunately , this "  What 's wrong with our children ? " approach leads to a dead end , because it results in a sweeping moral condemnation of the schools , families and students in this community . These perpetrators committed a heinous act that should be widely condemned . But a discussion that focuses exclusively on the immorality of these deviant young men does not provide solutions that prevent gang rape from happening . Talking only about the bystander effect wrongly suggests that the vast majority of teens would not call for help . Take Richmond . Claims of depraved acts by a few kids have served to demonize an entire student community . Rather than demonize all teenagers in Richmond High School , we should be asking another question : "  What can we do to prevent such heinous acts from happening ? " The answer to that question leads to a wholly different kind of dialogue , one that may surprise . It is primarily students , the reputed problem , who can best prevent acts of violence on campus . Make no mistake about it . The alleged two-hour-long gang rape on October 24 was an extreme form of school violence . It unfolded not far from the gym where the school-sponsored homecoming dance , supervised by school staff and police officers , was being held . And students , police say , largely perpetrated it . Research since the massacres at Columbine High School  1999  and Virginia Tech  2007  has taught us a lot about how to prevent such school violence . Chief among them is that school staff and security should patrol campuses , especially violence-prone areas , during and after school events . According to a CNN report , a friend of the alleged victim saw blatant failures in safety precautions . She said , "  I looked outside of the gym , and I saw 12 to 15 guys , sitting there , with no IDs . The officers -- not only did they not check the IDs of those students or men sitting outside of of our campus , but the security officers who are employed here did no job of checking either . " Virtually all students and teachers at a school can identify these dangerous hot spots . At Richmond High School , one such spot is "  a dark alley near the back side of the school , " the site of the purported rape . As CNN reported , school officials had even requested that video cameras and more lights be installed in the area , but they were never installed . The alleged rapists and student bystanders probably knew that no one would be patrolling the area . As important as campus patrols are in reducing campus violence , the most powerful form of prevention is believing that students can help stop crime from happening . They did n't stop the purported rape at Richmond , a skeptic might say . A possible reason is that they were not educated on how to stop it . . Research shows us that students often know ahead of time when and where violence will flare up on campus . Strong social networks and the widespread use of cell phones and text messaging rapidly convey such information . This dynamic can fuel violence , as officials say it did at Richmond High School . It can also prevent violence . Thousands of potential school crimes , including violent ones , have been averted on campuses across the country because students alerted school officials before the crime occurred . Students and families using a hot line in Colorado were credited with preventing more than 206 incidents of school violence from 2004-06 . As of summer 2009 , this one hot line fielded 1,687 reports that resulted in crime prevention or intervention . Alert students have also helped prevent replays of the tragedies that occurred at Columbine and Virginia Tech by tipping off school officials . Several years ago , student reports stopped a Columbine-style massacre plot , employing bombs , napalm and automatic weapons , at a high school in Green Bay , Wisconsin . This year , tips from students and alert teachers and police disrupted a student-massacre plot , featuring pipe bombs and firearms , at Hillside High School in San Mateo , California . Since Columbine , school shootings have been averted in New Bedford , New York , and Covina , California , to name some others . And at Richmond , it was an 18-year-old bystander , overhearing others talking about the incident , who reported the crime . Unfortunately , the public is largely unaware of these frequently heroic acts by high school students and their teachers because they do n't often get national media attention . That lack of information has helped obscure the important roles that students and their responsive teachers play in preventing school violence . But the evidence is clear . Students who know what to do when they witness school violence , or when they have a strong sense of impending violence , will become anonymous heroes . But they need to be taught what to do , which phone numbers -- including hot lines -- to call and which school officials or police department can be trusted to act on their reports . Students also need to feel confident that they can report trouble without fear of retribution from their peers or being called a snitch . It is up to the teachers and administrators who run schools to teach their students these procedures . They need to convince students that they will listen and respond consistently to their reports of violence or possible violence . Yes , local police need to develop trusting relationships with students and the overall community , or nothing will be reported . But the job of preventing violence on campus belongs primarily , if not solely , to the schools . Rather than wring our hands about the so-called immorality of today 's students , we should embrace them as full partners in the prevention of violence on campus . Morality is not the issue . If students are educated on what to do when the threat of violence arises and are encouraged to follow the procedures , they can be trusted to do the right thing . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ron Astor .	Commentators focused on why students did n't report alleged rape , Astor says Studies of school violence show ways it can be prevented , he says Astor : Training can prepare students to alert police and avert violence
CNN  -- Afghan civilians were killed in U.S. airstrikes during fighting this week in western Afghanistan , local officials and the Red Cross said . Villagers pray at a mass grave this week after an airstrike in Afghanistan 's Farah province . The reports come as concerns mount over noncombatant casualties in the war against the Taliban . But the top U.S. commander in Afghanistan said the U.S. military suspects the incident started when Taliban militants entered the area and beheaded three civilians . And another senior U.S. military official said Taliban militants may have killed as many as 15 civilians with grenades and then paraded their shrapnel-riddled bodies through villages in western Afghanistan . U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said Wednesday she "  deeply regrets " the loss of civilian lives but pointed out "  we do n't know all of the circumstances " and promised an investigation . Afghan officials have said that a number of civilians died Tuesday during U.S. airstrikes on villages in Farah Province . The International Committee of the Red Cross said in a news release that its "  impression was that dozens of people , including women and children , had been killed . " The ICRC workers were told that some of the dead had already been buried by the time they arrived on the scene . "  We are deeply concerned by these events , " Reto Stocker , the ICRC 's head of delegation in Kabul , Afghanistan , said in a statement . "  We know that those killed included an Afghan Red Crescent volunteer and 13 members of his family who had been sheltering from fighting in a house that was bombed in an airstrike . " But U.S. officials believe the Taliban deliberately engineered a ground attack against Afghan and U.S. forces , expecting the United States would call in airstrikes . They said the Taliban were then prepared to kill the civilians . A senior U.S. military official said there was "  very reliable intelligence " that Taliban fighters rounded up three families , including women and children , and killed them with grenades . The official would not allow his name to be used because a preliminary investigation into the matter is ongoing and no conclusions have been reached . Their bodies , shrapnel wounds visible , were then put into the backs of trucks and driven through the area in an effort to convince villagers that the U.S. military operation had killed them . The official said he did not know who drove the trucks -- other Taliban or local Afghans forced into duty . "  No one is disputing people died , it 's how they died , " the official said . "  What we do have is strong evidence to support that a number of women and children were killed by the Taliban and their bodies were driven by locals as evidence of U.S. bombing , " the official said . Some Afghan civilians may have been killed or wounded before the airstrikes during ground fighting between the Taliban and Afghanistan and U.S. forces , the official said . But the military 's investigation found no evidence of large-scale civilian deaths resulting from the airstrikes themselves , despite the claims from Afghan officials and the Red Cross . U.S. military investigators found no evidence of human remains in any of the four bomb craters it examined , the official said . The news comes as Afghan President Hamid Karzai visits Washington this week . Karzai and his Pakistani counterpart , President Asif Ali Zardari , are talking with key congressional leaders and policymakers ahead of meetings with President Obama and Clinton . Speaking in Washington , Clinton -- flanked by Karzai and Zardari -- said the United States and Afghanistan will jointly investigate the airstrike and its aftermath . She said Washington already has sent a team of investigators to the region . The ICRC team found dozens of dead bodies in two villages , spokeswoman Jessica Barry in Kabul , told CNN . The increase of international troops in Afghanistan has raised a concern that fighting will intensify and civilians will face greater risks of getting hurt , she said . "  It 's all sides who need to respect the civilians , " Barry said . "  And this is the message we pass to all the armed forces , to the international forces , to the Taliban , to the armed opposition . " CNN 's Barbara Starr and Chris Lawrence contributed to this report .	NEW : Taliban used grenades , paraded bodies through villages , official says NEW : U.S. believes Taliban planned attack expecting U.S. to call in airstrikes Civilians killed in U.S. airstrikes in Afghanistan , Red Cross says News of strike comes as Afghan president visiting Washington for talks
CNN  The Boston doctor who was fatally shot Tuesday at Brigham and Women 's Hospital had treated the mother of the gunman , according to law enforcement sources and the shooter 's sister . Boston Police Commissioner William Evans said 55-year-old Stephen Pasceri of nearby Millbury came onto the second floor of the hospital , where the cardiovascular unit is located , and asked to speak with Dr. Michael Davidson . Pasceri shot Davidson when he came to the foyer between the waiting and exam rooms , according to Evans . Pasceri was found dead of what was "  clearly " a self-inflicted gunshot wound , Evans said . Pasceri 's sister , Marguerite Joly , told the Boston Herald that Davidson had performed heart surgery on their mother , Marguerite Pasceri , who died in November . "  I think it comes down to the fact that my brother thought it was the doctor 's fault that my mother died , " she told the Herald . "  I do n't know why my brother would blame him . I really do n't know why . " Joly said Pasceri worked at the Milford-based company Waters Corp. and had graduated from Worcester State with a degree in accounting . He had four children , she said . "  We ca n't even wrap our brains around this , " she said . "  There was no indication whatsoever that he would ever do anything like this . He loved his mom , and he loved her very much . He appeared to be handling her death well . " "  I 'm in shock , I ca n't believe it . He was such a nice a man and  he had a  beautiful family . It does n't make any sense , " Michelle Piselli , a neighbor of Stephen Pasceri , told CNN affiliate WHDH . "  It 's hard to process . " Davidson , 44 , was the director of endovascular cardiac surgery at the hospital and an assistant professor at Harvard Medical School , according to the hospital 's website . Davidson lived in Wellesley , Massachusetts , and graduated from the Yale University School of Medicine in 1996 . "  Dr. Davidson was a wonderful and inspiring cardiac surgeon who devoted his career to saving lives and improving the quality of life of every patient he cared for , " the hospital said in a statement . "  It is truly devastating that his own life was taken in this horrible manner . " At a new conference Wednesday , colleagues remembered Davidson as a loving father and devoted friend who played guitar in a band with other physicians . They set up the Dr. Michael J. Davidson Family Fund in his memory . Davidson 's wife , Terri Halperin , also a physician , is 7 months pregnant . They have two daughters , ages 7 and 9 , and a son , who is 2 . One man taking his son to see a doctor said the scene at the hospital was hectic . "  There was nothing but police officers with guns drawn and everyone was yelling , " witness James Pittelli told CNN affiliate WCVB . "  People were falling down , " he said . "  Some were crying . It was a very surreal situation . " CNN 's Tina Burnside and Lawrence Crook III contributed to this report .	The doctor , Michael Davidson , died late Tuesday evening His wife is pregnant , and they had three children ages 9 , 7 and 2 Police have identified the gunman as 55-year-old Stephen Pasceri
CNN  -- La Liga leaders Barcelona returned to winning ways with a 3-0 home victory over Racing Santander on Saturday , extending their advantage over second-placed rivals Real Madrid to seven points . After an impressive unbeaten run in all competitions , Barcelona suffered their first defeat in 28 games midweek , losing 3-1 to Spanish second division side Real Betis in the second leg of their Copa del Rey clash , but going through 6-3 on aggregate . But it had been 28 years since Racing Santander had won a league game at the Camp Nou and having also lost seven of their last 10 away league matches , never looked likely to get the better of the reigning Spanish champions . Pep Guardiola 's team was missing Brazil right back Daniel Alves as well as Jeffren Suarez of Spain -- who has been sidelined for five weeks with muscle tear in his left thigh -- but the absence of the two players did not hamper the Catalan giants . Which football league is the world 's best ? Spain forward Pedro put Barca ahead after just three minutes after a cross from international teammate David Villa . Argentina forward Lionel Messi made it 2-0 after 30 minutes easily putting a penalty past Racing goalkeeper Toño , awarded for a foul by Henrique on Villa . It was the brilliant Messi 's 19th league goal of the season . Ten minutes after play resumed following half-time , Andres Iniesta got his name on the scorecard with Messi , Villa and Pedro combining to get the ball to the Spain midfielder , who duly made it 3-0 . Barca 's emphatic victory was reminiscent of their 3-0 away win over Racing in the opening game of the 2010/11 season . Unable to exact revenge , the Cantabrians are left just four points above the relegation zone . Real Madrid will be hoping to close the gap on Barcelona when they host Real Mallorca on Sunday . Elsewhere in La Liga , Valencia moved above Villarreal into third with a last minute winner from Aritz Aduriz clinching a thrilling 4-3 win over nine-man Malaga . Malaga had Argentine defender Martin Demichelis sent off on 16 minutes for conceding a penalty , which Juan Mata converted , and central defender Helder Rosario red-carded in the 65th minute for dissent . Former Real Madrid star Julio Baptista , signed from Roma in the January transfer window , drew Malaga level at 3-3 with his first goal for the club on 79 minutes , but Aduriz struck in stoppage time to secure a vital three points . Sevilla moved to joint seventh place thanks to a 4-1 win over Levante . Brazil forward Louis Fabiano scored a hat-trick for the southern Spanish side , with French midfielder Julien Escude also finding the back of the net . Spaniard Xisco Munoz scored a consolation goal for Levante , but the Valencia-based team are now second from bottom of the table .	Barcelona defeat Racing Santander 2-0 to extend lead at top of La Liga Goals from Pedro , Lionel Messi and Andres Iniesta secure victory for the home side Barca seven points clear of rivals Real Madrid who play Mallorca on Sunday In Saturday 's other matches Sevilla beat Levante 4-1 and Valencia see Malaga 4-3
CNN  -- An arraignment is scheduled Thursday for Pfc. Bradley E. Manning , who is suspected of leaking secret documents to the WikiLeaks website . Manning , who is also the subject of a court martial , faces charges that include aiding the enemy , wrongfully causing intelligence to be published on the Internet , theft of public property or records , transmitting defense information , and fraud and related activity in connection with computers . If convicted of all charges , he would face a maximum sentence of life in prison , reduction to the lowest enlisted pay grade , E-1 ; forfeiture of pay and allowances ; and a dishonorable discharge . Aiding the enemy is a capital offense , but the investigating officer endorsed the view of military prosecutors not to seek the death penalty . Manning is accused of orchestrating the biggest intelligence leak in U.S. history . During the Article 32 proceedings in December , prosecutors presented evidence that Manning allegedly communicated with WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange in a series of Internet chats about uploading 700 Guantanamo Bay detainee interrogation reports . Prosecutors charge that Manning put software on secure computers that allowed him to download classified material and burn it to a compact disc . Manning was assigned as an intelligence analyst in Iraq and had a top-secret clearance . He worked in a Sensitive Compartmented Information Facility  SCIF  . Manning is being held in military custody . At an Article 32 hearing a few weeks ago , Manning 's defense lawyer , David Coombs , focused most of his attention on two issues : lack of security at the SCIF and the Army 's lack of response to Manning 's emotional and behavior problems . WikiLeaks , the international online group that publishes secret government documents it receives from outside sources , set off a firestorm a year and a half ago when it made public on its website U.S. diplomatic cables and other sensitive documents , most of them pertaining to the Iraq and Afghanistan wars . The disclosure of hundreds of the documents continues to cast a shadow over the U.S. intelligence community . Director of National Intelligence James Clapper told an information-sharing conference in January that plugging leaks of classified materials is still a challenge for the community as it develops new systems to protect information , while at the same time ensuring the right people have access to it . The fact that Manning had access to so much secret information called into question whether the government had gone too far in responding to one of the biggest failures associated with the 9/11 terrorist attacks . The intelligence community and law enforcement were faulted for failing to share information that might have prevented the attacks . Clapper called the WikiLeaks disclosure a "  terrible event " that heightened the intelligence community 's sensitivity to inside threats . He said changes have already been made to monitor information and keep track of who has access to it . But he said it is a work in progress . "  We have to do more to both tag data and ensure that we can properly identify people so that they are actually authorized to receive the information , " he said .	Manning faces court-martial in the military case He is suspected of giving classified documents to WikiLeaks If convicted of all charges , Manning could face life in prison The intelligence community is trying to plug leaks
CNN  -- Last year he shocked South Africa 's Oscar Pistorius to win over 200m at the Paralympics and Sunday Brazil 's Alan Oliveira returned to London 's Olympic Stadium to prove he is the fastest amputee sprinter in the world . The 20-year-old Oliveira stormed to victory over 100m in 10.57 seconds , shattering his own recently set record for his T43 class . It left him well clear of American Richard Browne , who finished second in a mixed class race , in 10.75 seconds , itself a world record for a single amputee in the T44 class . Britain 's Jonnie Peacock , who won 100m gold in his class before his home crowd last year , finished third in a career-best 10.84 seconds . "  I ca n't express how happy I am , " Oliveira said . "  Richard Browne and Jonnie are very fast , I know that . I just wanted to run for 10 seconds and that 's what I did . " His performance highlighted the final day of three days of competition in the London Anniversary Games , with the last given over to Paralympic classes . The crowds had come in their droves to pack the stadium the first two days , with Usain Bolt and home hero Mo Farah very much the stars of the show and it was no different Sunday . Oliveira 's 200m win in 2012 left Pistorius stunned , with accusations flying over the length of the Brazilian 's special running blades . Pistorius , who is facing a murder trial in his native South Africa , later apologized and Oliveira 's subsequent performances have backed up his breakthrough victory . His final surge in the 100m would have done Bolt proud as he chopped over two tenths of a second off the world best . Fellow Brazilian , blind runner Terezinha Guilhermina , cruised to 200m victory in her class in 24.91 seconds . Guilhermina and Oliveira are set to be the faces of the Paralympic competition in Rio in 2016 . Britain 's David Weir was a similar standard bearer going into London 2012 and did not disappoint his followers in the anniversary meet , winning a wheelchair mile in three minutes 16.40 seconds .	Alan Oliveira smashes world record in Paralympic Anniversary Games Double amputee wins T43 class 100m in 10.57 seconds Oliveira shocked Oscar Pistorious over 200m at London Paralympics last year Fellow Brazilian Terezinha Guilhermina wins T11 200m for blind runners
Henryville , Indiana  CNN  -- Even as potent winds and heavy rains lingered in spots , residents through huge swaths of the eastern United States spent Saturday trying to come to grips with vicious storms that obliterated communities , reduced scores of homes to rubble and left at least 37 people dead . About 17 million from Texas to Indiana to North Carolina were affected by the massive tornado outbreak that began Friday , and continued into the weekend . Of the 37 victims , 18 were in Kentucky , 14 in Indiana , three in Ohio , and one each in Alabama and Georgia . Much of Saturday was focused on assessing the damage , treating the wounded and grieving those killed . But in parts of southern Georgia and northern Florida , it meant braving heavy rain and high wind as far south as Orlando all tied to the same powerful system . In Lakeland , Georgia , strong winds "  destroyed " several houses , felled trees , spurred major outages , and caused what appears to be minor damage to several buildings behind a hospital , Lanier County Sheriff Wesley Studstill told CNN . He said he was unsure if there were any related injuries . The National Weather Service received two reports of tornadoes Saturday in Lanier County , which is about 30 miles north of the Florida border . Meanwhile , residents from Alabama to Ohio spent Saturday trying to make sense of the chaos -- and right their lives -- after the previous day 's devastating tornadoes . Piles of debris took the place of well-built homes . High winds toppled tall trees . Bright yellow school buses smashed into buildings . Garbage bins and wooden beams flew through the air with the force of a jet airliner . Churches turned into shelters and thousands of people began a weekend unnerved by nature 's fury . In hard-hit Henryville , Indiana , rescuers combed for survivors after a twister ripped through the town 20 miles north of Louisville . Joe Sullivan , a National Weather Service meteorologist , said the tornado that swept through that and other Southern Indiana communities was an EF-4 -- meaning it had sustained winds of between 166 and 200 mph , putting it in the top 2 % of all tornadoes in terms of strength . It went for 52 miles and was roughly 150 yards wide , he added . There were no active searches for survivors as of 5 p.m. Saturday , said Sgt. Jerry Goodin of the Indiana State Police . The breadth of destruction left authorities , however , with "  no idea how many people are homeless . " "  There are a lot of people who ca n't sit down on their own couch this evening , " Goodin said . Wayne Hunter , 64 , huddled under a blanket with his wife for safety in the middle of their one-story home -- as they 'd done many other times -- when the tornado "  hit head on , " their daughter Pamela Rawlings told CNN on Saturday . A neighbor eventually found Pamela Hunter some 30 feet away from her husband , bleeding but apparently not suffering from life-threatening injuries . Wayne Hunter , however , did not survive . "  Whether you wanted to laugh or not , he always put a smile on your face , " said Rawlings , remembering her father . Amid the mounting reports of death and destruction , there was some good news . A 20-month-old girl was found alive , alone and injured in a field in Salem , about 20 miles south of Henryville , said Maj. Chuck Adams , a sheriff 's department spokesman . She was later identified and family members joined her at the hospital . However , she remained in critical condition Saturday afternoon , Kosair Children 's Hospital spokesman Brian Rublein said . At Henryville 's high school and adjacent elementary school , staff had huddled in the office area with about 40 students who had not been able to go home and prayed as twisters approached . "  It 's a blessing . We praise God " that no one was hurt , said Glenn Riggs , the elementary school principal . Added Sullivan , from the weather service , "  There could have been scores of fatalities " had most students not been let out early . Unfortunately , many nearby residents were not so lucky . It was unclear how many people were missing in Henryville , as well as the towns of Chelsea , Paynesville and Marysville -- all hit by tornadoes -- because authorities are still trying to wrap their arms around the sheer amount of devastation , Adams said . "  Marysville is almost completely gone , " Adams told CNN affiliate WHAS-TV , out of Louisville , Kentucky . In Chelsea , east of Henryville , Steve Kloepfer told WHAS that the bodies of his aunt and uncle , Terry and Carol Jackson , and their 4-year-old grandchild were discovered in a field , covered in debris . His own home , he said , also was gone . President Barack Obama talked Saturday with the governors of Indiana , Kentucky and Ohio to express his concerns , offer condolences for those killed and provide federal assistance if needed , the White House said in a statement . To that point , the Federal Emergency Management Agency said it has been in touch with emergency management officials in the affected states . "  Our thoughts and prayers are with those who have lost loved ones and those whose lives have been affected by the storms , " said FEMA Administrator Craig Fugate . Roughly 250 National Guard troops have been called in to provide aid and security in Henryville , Marysville and elsewhere , said Sgt. 1st Class Tina Eichenour . In Kentucky , similar scenes played out as Gov. Steve Beshear declared a statewide emergency and ordered the deployment of 220 National Guard troops to join a 12-person team searching for survivors in Morgan County . Around 5 p.m. Saturday , the governor detailed -- citing the state Department of Public Health -- 18 fatalities in six counties , including five in Laurel County . One apparent tornado made its way down Main Street in West Liberty , shredding buildings and overturning cars along the way . Mike Lacy , with Morgan County 's emergency management agency , reported that several people were rescued -- including one man trapped under up to 10 feet of debris -- though four died as a result of the storm across the county . "  It 's been a tough night , " said Morgan County executive Tim Conley . "  We are  fortunate  to report four  dead  and not 104 , because we could have lost a whole lot more lives in this thing . " In Tennessee , there were reports of possible tornado touchdowns in nine counties , according to Jeremy Heidt , the state 's emergency management spokesman . The National Weather Service later confirmed a tornado hit at least in Jackson , Putnam and Overton counties . At least 29 people were injured across the state . The storms also moved through northern Georgia late Friday . A tornado was believed to have struck north Georgia 's Paulding County , damaging two elementary schools , a small local airfield and an undetermined number of homes , said Ashley Henson , a sheriff 's spokesman . Aerial images showed roofs ripped off houses , exposing bedrooms , kitchens and garages . Six houses were destroyed . In one , a couple survived by getting into the bathtub with their 6-month-old child , Henson said . "  Thank goodness there were actually no injuries or fatalities reported in the Paulding County area , " he said . "  That is amazing to me , looking at some of this damage . " But one person was killed in the suburban Atlanta city of Alpharetta . Around Charlotte , North Carolina , at least three people were injured , said Capt. Rob Brisley of the fire department . The National Weather Service confirmed an EF-2 twister -- with maximum winds up to 135 mph -- struck early Saturday morning along a roughly 3.8-mile long , 175-foot wide stretch through East Mecklenburg and Cabarrus counties . At least 20 homes were damaged , six of them extensively , according to the agency . In Ohio , two people died in Bethel and another in Moscow due to the storms , Clermont County Commissioner Bob Proud said . "  It 's like a bomb went off and everything is splintered , bricks are down , and trees , and just a lot of debris , " Ohio Gov. John Kasich said after touring damage in those and other nearby towns . He said that the state plans to work with the federal government to provide relief , though at this point there are no plans to request a federal disaster declaration . After talking with people who planned to rebuild , Kasich vowed "  we 'll be back . " "  We 're knocked down , but we 're not knocked out , " he said . "  We 're going to get through it . " CNN 's Joe Sutton , Susan Candiotti , Athena Jones , Eric Marrapodi , Moni Basu , Melanie Whitley , Kara Devlin , Maria P. White , Greg Botelho and Chelsea J. Carter contributed to this report .	NEW : A woman recalls her father , killed in Indiana , as being full of joy and laughter The tornado that hit southern Indiana had winds between 166 and 200 mph 18 died in Kentucky due to the severe weather , including 5 in Laurel County Ohio 's governor vows , "  We 're knocked down , but we 're not knocked out "
CNN  -- The Epsom Derby is the most famous horse race in Britain -- and , arguably , the world . Dating back to 1780 , it has spawned many imitations -- 140 countries now have a "  Derby , " perhaps most notably in the U.S. state of Kentucky . Indeed , the word "  derby " is now generally used to describe any race for three-year-olds . "  To me it 's the most significant race in the world , " says trainer Andrew Balding , whose Kingsclere stables have yards named after great Epsom Derby winners of the past , such as Ormonde and Flying Fox . "  There are more valuable races , but you ca n't buy 200 years of history . It is a very special event for anyone who is British . It 's still very much the race that everyone wants to win . " The Epsom Derby counts the Queen of England as one of its biggest fans . She has attended all but two Derbies during her reign and will be there on June 2 as she kicks off her weekend of Jubilee celebrations with a visit to Epsom Downs . The race is named after its founder , the 12th Earl of Derby who , along with his friend Sir Charles Bunbury , conceived the idea of a race to establish which horse was the best of his or her generation . Today it draws crowds of up to 200,000 people , attracted by the sight of the best three-year-olds from England -- and ever further afield -- competing for a purse of more than $ 2 million . Ormonde won the race in 1886 , while fellow English Triple Crown champion Flying Fox -- also stabled at Kingsclere -- did so in 1899 . But there 's one name that means more to the folk at Balding 's Kingsclere headquarters than any other -- Mill Reef . Trained by Balding 's father Ian , Mill Reef was considered by many to be the greatest racehorse of his day . He easily won the 1971 Derby by two lengths from Linden Tree before going on to capture the Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe in Paris later that year . He does n't just have a yard named after him , he has his own statue . Now , 41 years after Mill Reef 's victory , Balding believes he has a colt capable of emulating the feats of one of the greatest racehorses of the last century -- a sleek dark bay by the name of Bonfire . The horse booked his place in Saturday 's race thanks to a sparkling performance in the Dante Stakes at York in May . But Balding concedes that his spirited personality makes getting the best from the colt something of a challenge . "  He is very talented but he is quite a character -- not the most straightforward to train ! " As such he has been only lightly raced , and will go into Epsom with just three starts under his belt . "  It 's not ideal , " concedes Balding . "  At least he 's got Group 1 experience  the sport 's top level of competition  from last year , so we know he is the caliber of horse that should be running in the Derby . " Balding took over the reins of the racing operation from his father in 2003 and tasted immediate success when his filly Casual Look captured the Epsom Oaks -- the fillies ' equivalent of the Derby -- in June of that year . Ian remains a familiar presence on the yard , riding out every day on his retired racehorse , Pinch of Salt . He is an avuncular figure to many of the young exercise riders , although where training matters are concerned he is happy to defer to his son these days . The legacy of Mill Reef is harder to shake off . His statue takes pride of place at Kingsclere , an imperious presence watching over his young pretenders as the mist rolls in from the South Downs . Bred in the United States , the half-cousin to the great Secretariat was sent to the United Kingdom as a yearling as it was thought that his action was better suited to the turf tracks of Europe than the dirt courses of his native continent . It was a gamble that paid off . In 14 starts , he failed to win just twice , most memorably in the 2,000 Guineas -- the first of the English "  Classics " -- when he was beaten by Brigadier General , who would go on to prove himself one of the greatest milers of all time . But it was his performance in the Epsom Derby that year that earned Mill Reef his place in the pantheon of greats : cruising around Tattenham Corner in fourth place , any doubts over his ability to handle the mile-and-a-half distance were dispelled as soon he passed the two-furlong pole . From that point on the result was never in doubt . But if it was his exploits in the Derby that brought him to the attention of those outside the racing world , it was what happened to him next that cemented his position in the public 's affection . It was during a routine training gallop that the colt stumbled and shattered his leg , bringing his racing career to a grotesque and bitter end . An injury such as Mill Reef 's is almost always fatal . But rather than euthanize the colt , a veterinary specialist was flown in to operate . During the course of the six-hour operation , a metal plate and three screws were inserted into the damaged leg . He would never race again , but his life had been saved . If Bonfire is to emulate his illustrious predecessor , he will have to get past a strong field including Aiden O'Brien 's unbeaten colt Camelot , who goes into the Derby having already captured the Guineas . O'Brien 's second and third strings , Astrology and Imperial Monarch , have both impressed on recent outings . In any other year , Bonfire would probably be considered the favorite to land England 's premier Classic , but Camelot holds that position with the British bookmakers . Bonfire will be partnered in the Derby , as usual , by Jimmy Fortune , who will be hoping for better luck in running than their last outing at Group 1 level , when he finished third behind French Fifteen . Fortune is adept at managing Bonfire 's quirks but he 'll need all his experience to cope with the famously fast Epsom course  the track rises 150 feet in the first half-mile , leveling out before a downhill stretch round Tattenham Corner  . "  My father managed to win the Derby with a great horse , who was one of the most famous horses of the last century , " says Balding . "  It would be lovely to do it again . " The stone masons of Kingsclere had better be prepared to work overtime after Derby Day , because there might just be a yard with Bonfire 's name on it .	Andrew Balding hoping to emulate his father Ian by training an Epsom Derby winner The racehorse trainer is hoping that stud by the name of Bonfire will win famous UK race Ian Balding enjoyed success in the 1971 derby with his horse Mill Reef Queen will attend Derby on June 2 as part of her Diamond Jubilee celebrations
CNN  -- English rock group Radiohead turned the music industry on its head today , releasing its seventh studio album "  In Rainbows " as a digital download from the band 's Web site . Radiohead is offering downloads of their new album , "  In Rainbows , " at whatever price listeners see fit to pay . In a move journalists and industry insiders called part experiment , part marketing genius , Radiohead let listeners pick their price for the album . "  It 's up to you , " reads a disclaimer on the Web site 's checkout screen . Thousands of fans who purchased the album ahead of time received unique download activation codes this morning . CNN.com received its code at 1:34 a.m. ET and had no problem downloading the 10 new tracks . The whole process took about 90 seconds . Much of the music world has been abuzz since members of Radiohead -- who finished their commitment to longtime label home EMI Music in 2005 -- announced plans to distribute their album via Web site October 1 . CNN.com asked readers for their thoughts on Radiohead 's release , and how much they would be willing to pay for music . Below is a selection of their responses , some of which have been edited for length and clarity . Mark Austin of Houston , Texas It 's hard to predict the future of someone 's musical quality , but its not hard to rely on someone 's past quality . I believe that Radiohead discography speaks for itself and speaks to me . I paid full price , give or take a nickel -- $ 10.49 after conversion . I 'm sure this idea scares other artists who rely on MTV to shove an album down your throat to get you to buy it . Or better yet , rely on one decent single to carry a crappy album . Hopefully , this idea will bring back the album as well as take some of that loot out of the record labels ' hands and give it back to the artists . Either way , I 'm listening to "  In Rainbows " right now and feel like I may owe Radiohead a few extra bucks . It 's great , just like I knew it would be . Think I may take this lucky streak to Vegas and put it all on black . Stevey Majors of Philadelphia , Pennsylvania I will not be spending money on the download , but I will be buying the deluxe edition of "  In Rainbows " later this year , if I like the album . If they 're offering something for free , I see no moral objection to taking them up on it . ... People are saying Radiohead 's decision to release their new album in this manner might signal the death of the music industry . Personally , I have a hard time buying that . Radiohead has a very large fan base and does n't need much promotion , marketing or the other things that a label often takes care of . Getting yourself noticed is very hard if you 're plankton in the Pacific . Jason Raney of Sacramento , California I 'm planning on paying a hundred dollars American flat for my download of "  In Rainbows " by Radiohead . I 'm not getting the special vinyl and CD set , just the ordinary download . I believe , that as a musician , it is an investment in my future . I want to send a message . "  Keep your corporate conglomerate out of my artwork . " David Grodsky of Salt Lake City , Utah I like remix versions of dance songs and international hits , which can be very hard to find , especially here in the U.S. . If I want a song bad enough , I 've paid as much as $ 15 for a CD with just remixes of one song on it . When I can find what I want online , I really think that Apple 's 99 cents per song strategy is the best pricing for me . I wished they 'd check their quality , though , as sometimes it sounds like they just ripped some bargain CD instead of using a high-end copy . Higher pricing will just make me obtain the songs in another way . I worked previously in the music industry for six years and I know how much it costs to make a CD . More than 25 percent of the retail price , or approximately $ 4 , is packaging . A 12-song album is $ 12 with $ 0.00 going to packaging , so in the end , everyone from the labels to the artists to the distributor is making money . Kris Gazsi of Carlisle , Pennsylvania I think this is the greatest way for a band to take their music directly to the world . I have been a fan of Radiohead for almost 10 years and I have never been as excited for an upcoming album as I am for "  In Rainbows . " I already pre-ordered my copy and I paid exactly what I would have if it had been on iTunes . Peter Gerr , outside of Boston , Massachusetts I plan on downloading the new Radiohead album as soon as it becomes available , and will pay 7 euros , which as of October 9 , is about $ 9.87 in the United States -- $ 9.99 is the price of most albums on iTunes , and I think this is a fair price for what I expect will become a classic and favorite of mine , alongside every other Radiohead album I own . I admire Radiohead for their initiative in not only pushing the boundaries of content distribution , but for also placing the mantle of trust squarely into their fan 's hands . I 'm sure some will rationalize downloading the album for free , re-distributing it on -LSB- peer-to-peer -RSB- networks , etc. , saying , "  Oh , the band is wealthy enough , they do n't need my $ 10 , " but I think it 's important to recognize the investment in time and creative energy a band like Radiohead pours into every album . I 'm fairly certain that I 'll end up with a positive -LSB- return on investment -RSB- on this transaction - how much is hours and hours of enjoyment and listening to good music worth ? Surely more than $ 9.99 . Mark H. of Austin , Texas I will probably pay $ 9.99 for the album and download it . As for music that inspires me to crack open my wallet , there are tons of bands I would still buy an album from . However , very few of those bands are mainstream acts . The problem is corporate record companies and the music industry itself used to focus on the quality of the music rather than the sex appeal or image that the artist now poses . MTV is at fault and has been since the late 90s when they brought boy bands and other teeny bop stars into the mainstream . As for those artists that are not mainstream , there are plenty of bands I still buy albums from . Albums that reflect excellent songwriting skills usually 100 percent of the time from the artists themselves . More important , those artists put on great , non-lip syncing live shows which make you appreciate them even more . So yeah , I say if the record companies are going to ruin the integrity of music by releasing crap , then download mainstream albums , but the underground world has plenty that a real music fan would enjoy . Radiohead , Besnard Lakes , Great Lake Swimmers , Arcade Fire , Bob Dylan , The Black Angels , etc. ... the list is infinite  of bands whose music I would buy  -- but notice that the list does not involve any crap . E-mail to a friend	Radiohead released their seventh studio album , "  In Rainbows " It 's available as a digital download from the band 's Web site Radiohead is letting listeners pick what they want to pay for the album I-Report : Tell us what you think about Radiohead 's historic release
CNN  -- The U.S. Department of Defense is giving the go-ahead to all active-duty military personnel to wear their uniform to march in a gay pride parade in San Diego on Saturday , the first time such approval has been given in the United States . The Defense Department decision followed news that the Navy had given approval to sailors to wear their uniform in the parade , which drew hundreds of active-duty service members last year shortly before the administration repealed "  do n't ask , do n't tell . " "  Based on our current knowledge of the event and existing policies , we hereby are granting approval for service members in uniform to participate in this year 's parade , " Rene C. Bardorf , deputy assistant secretary of defense for community and public outreach , said in a memorandum released Thursday . The blanket approval for the various branches of the military applies only to the 2012 San Diego Pride Parade , Bardorf said . Just a year ago , an active-duty service member faced punishment or discharge if he or she admitted being homosexual , but last September the administration scrapped the policy known as "  do n't ask , do n't tell . " The Defense Department approval to allow service members to wear uniforms at the San Diego parade follows reports that members of the military wore uniforms at a gay pride event held at the Pentagon in June . Under the guidelines released by the Defense Department , service members can wear their uniforms to march in the parade as long as they participate "  in a personal capacity " and follow set standards of "  appearance and wear of the military uniform . " While members of the military do not need approval to participate in civic events , they generally need approval to wear their uniforms . More than 300 active-duty service members have signed up to participate in the parade , Dwayne Crenshaw , executive director of San Diego Lesbian , Gay , Bisexual and Transgender Pride , said Thursday . Last year , roughly 200 active-duty and retired military service members marched in the San Diego parade , donning T-shirts to indicate their branch of military service . The 2011 parade took place one day after a federal appeals court temporarily reinstated the "  do n't ask , do n't tell " policy . The policy was formally revoked months later . CNN 's Adam Levine and Scott Thompson contributed to this report .	The Defense Department allows service members to wear uniforms at a gay pride parade More than 300 active-duty service members have signed up for the parade , an official says The administration repealed "  do n't ask , do n't tell " last year
The mother of Kenneth Bae , the American imprisoned in North Korea , has arrived in the country to visit her ailing son , according to a friend of the family . Earlier this year , Bae , a Korean-American , was sentenced to 15 years in a North Korean labor camp for what the government called "  hostile acts . " His family has not been able to see him for almost a year since his November 3 arrest in North Korea . "  As a mother , I worry endlessly about his health , " said his mother , Myunghee Bae in a videotaped statement . "  I want to see him , comfort and hold him in person . I miss him so much . " Bae , of Lynwood , Washington , said that she pleaded with the North Korean authorities to let her visit her son , and expressed gratitude for granting permission . She is expected to be in North Korea for five days with the goal of encouraging her son who has become ill , according to a website dedicated to Kenneth Bae 's freedom . In a prison interview released in July , Kenneth Bae had spoken of health problems including diabetes , high blood pressure , fatty liver and a back problem . He looked noticeably thinner and wore a blue prison garment streaked with sweat and dirt . His family say he has lost more than 50 pounds . "  My heart was broken into pieces when his prison interview was released on July 3 , " said his mother , in her statement . "  His appearance was very shocking , he looked so different , and he lost so much weight . I could not believe that prisoner was my son . " Bae was moved to a hospital for serious health problems , his sister , Terri Chung had told CNN in August . In previous interviews , Chung has said that her brother suffers from health problems including severe back and leg pain , kidney stones , dizziness , blurred vision and loss of vision . He was already dealing with diabetes . His family and friends have asked North Korea for mercy and the United States for help in securing his release . U.S. officials have repeatedly called on North Korea to release Bae . In August , the two countries appeared close , but North Korea rescinded an invitation to a U.S. envoy . Ambassador Robert King , President Barack Obama 's special envoy for North Korean human rights issues , had been expected to fly to Pyongyang to try to win his freedom . In previous instances , North Korea has released Americans in its custody after a visit by some U.S. dignitary -- in recent cases , former Presidents Jimmy Carter and Bill Clinton . Bae was arrested last year after arriving as a tourist in Rason City , a port in the northeastern corner of North Korea . His sister says that Bae is the owner of a tour company and was in North Korea for work . The North Korean government accuses Bae of setting up bases in China for the purpose of "  toppling " the North Korean government , encouraging North Korean citizens to bring down the government and conducting a "  malignant smear campaign . " The country 's state media also says that Bae had planned what it called a "  Jericho operation " to bring down North Korea through religious activities . They have suggested that Bae could have been sentenced to death , but avoided it through "  candid confession of his crimes . " On the eve of her trip , his mother looked solemnly into the camera , expressing her anxiety . "  It 's hard to describe the agony of the past year since my son has been imprisoned in the DPRK , " she said in a released statement . "  I spend every day thinking about him and praying for his homecoming . "	Mother of Kenneth Bae arrives in North Korea to visit her son , says family friend Bae has been sentenced to 15 years in North Korean labor camp His mother says she was alarmed by her son 's appearance in a July prison interview
CNN  -- The police chief of Tulsa , Oklahoma , offered a stern , succinct message Saturday to the man he believes killed three people and critically wounded two others in a spate of seemingly random shootings : "  We 're coming for you . " Chief Chuck Jordan described the shootings at four separate sites -- all of which occurred early Friday within two to three miles of each other -- as "  vicious and cowardly attacks . " A survivor described the suspect as a white man , driving an "  older " white pickup truck , according to Jordan . Police Capt. Jonathan Brooks told CNN that such a truck had been spotted at at least three of the shooting sites , around that time . Still , Jordan indicated authorities do not know the identity of the shooter . He added , too , that a basic description of a white man driving a white truck "  alone probably accounts for 50,000 people in the city of Tulsa . " With the assailant still at large , city leaders stressed that information from the public will be critical to cracking this case . "  To know that you ca n't walk down the street at night in your own neighborhood , that 's a terrible thing , " said city councilor Jack Henderson , who represents the district where the shootings occurred . "  The only way that this person is going to be brought to justice is we need some leads . We need some people to come forward . We need some people to tell us what you know , what it is you heard . " About 30 representatives from four different law enforcement agencies -- the Tulsa police , Tulsa County Sheriff 's Office , the U.S. Marshals Service and the FBI -- are on the case , as part of a newly formed task force called "  Operation Random Shooter . " They 'll be working around the clock to solicit leads , gather evidence and conduct interviews , according to Jordan . Earlier Saturday , Tulsa Mayor Dewey Bartlett told CNN that at least 40 cruisers are patrolling the affected area . He added that officers are spending the weekend "  going , literally , door to door , and asking people if they have seen anything  and  what their opinions and observations are . " What authorities do know is the first shooting occurred at 1:03 a.m. Friday , according to Brooks of the Tulsa police . That victim , 49-year-old Dannaer Fields , died at a hospital . Three minutes later , two people were shot nearby -- one of them "  pretty close to the  gunman 's  vehicle and the other ... a little further away , " the police captain said . Those two were initially in critical condition but , by Saturday evening , were believed to have improved to stable and are expected to survive , according to Brooks . Then , just before 2 a.m. , a fourth shooting incident -- like the first , a fatal -- occurred . The third person killed was found around 8 a.m. next to a funeral home in a more commercial district , though Brooks said police believe he was shot much earlier . In addition to Fields , Jordan identified the other two victims as William Allen and Bobby Clark . "  It appears all the victims were out walking or in the yard , " Brooks said . "  This  happened in  a residential neighborhood , predominantly single-family dwellings , except for the last victim . " All the victims were black . The Rev. Warren Blakney , a pastor at a city church and president of the NAACP 's Tulsa branch , said the shootings could well prove to be hate crimes given that they happened in a predominantly African-American neighborhood . "  For a white male to come that deep into that area and to start indiscriminately shooting , that lends itself for many to believe that it probably was a hate crime , " Blakney told CNN . Brooks , the police captain , said one survivor recalled how "  the suspect drives up to him , asks ... for directions and shoots him for no reason . " There is no indication the shooter used a racial slur or said anything else that might indicate his motive , according to police . Jordan acknowledged it is a "  very logical theory " to assume they were targeted in hate crimes , but said that "  we have had no evidence " yet to indicate that . "  Right now , I 'm more worried about three of my citizens being murdered , " the chief said . "  And if it takes us in a direction of a hate crime , that 's certainly where we 'll go and we 'll prosecute him for that as well . " Tulsa 's mayor commended city residents for already having "  really come together , " intent on helping capture the killer . "  It should be concerning to all Tulsans , because we are all in this together , " Bartlett said . "  Some of our fellow Tulsans have been pretty violently shot , and some of them are not here today to enjoy the weekend with their families . " CNN 's Nick Valencia and Don Lemon contributed to this report .	NEW : The two survivors ' conditions are thought to have improved , a police captain says They were among five black people shot , three fatally , early Friday in Tulsa , Oklahoma Tulsa 's police chief asks for the public 's help in finding the suspected gunman An NAACP leader suspects it 's a hate crime , but the chief says there 's no proof of that yet
CNN  -- As the World Health Organization  WHO  warned of the potential increase of dengue fever and other climate-sensitive illnesses , Japan saw an almost-seven decade streak of being dengue fever-free end . In the past week , at least 55 people have become ill with dengue fever , confirming fears that the fever , last seen in 1945 , is back . The cases have one thing in common -- those affected all appear to have visited Yoyogi Park , one of Tokyo 's largest outdoor spaces , and all have complained of mosquito bites . Following fumigation last week , the health ministry and Tokyo metropolitan government trapped and analyzed about 100 mosquitoes from the park and , found strains of the virus , prompting authorities to close large parts of the park as of Thursday afternoon . This week , two models , Saaya , 20 , and Eri Aoki , 25 , who were filming for "  King 's Brunch , " a variety show , in the park , were struck down with the virus , the Nikkan Sports newspaper reported . The dengue outbreak in Japan has seen victims from the age of 10 to those in their 70 's . While most people recover within a week , the disease can create discomfort and and can , in rare cases , cause death . The disease , which is mainly transmitted by a type of mosquito  Aedes aegypti  , is found in tropical and subtropical climates worldwide . Symptoms include fever , severe headache , rashes and pain behind the eyes , muscle and joint pain . Harrowing experience By all accounts , contracting dengue fever is a harrowing experience . Chris Dwyer , formerly of CNN and now a Hong Kong-based communications consultant , contracted dengue while on vacation in Malaysia in July . Back in Hong Kong after a few days , Dwyer found himself unusually lethargic in the afternoon . The following day he had a fever and a temperature , which got progressively worse . "  By the onset of that evening I had appalling pain in my joints , really achy , weak limbs and just a sense that I was n't well at all , " he said . "  This was unlike anything else , it was so debilitating . " Eventually , he was admitted into hospital and eventually recovered . where he was put on a drip while doctors monitored his liver and white blood cell count . "  As far as I understand it I was lucky ... there are other symptoms that I 've heard are pretty gruesome , " he said . Worldwide problem While dengue fever is not transmitted human to human , the Japanese health ministry said that domestic mosquitoes could have picked it up from people infected abroad . Almost half the world 's population lives in high-risk countries , the WHO says . Last year , Singapore suffered a sweeping epidemic , which saw four die of the disease and over 12,000 become infected . Takeshi Kurosu , an assistant professor at Osaka University 's Research Institute for Microbial Diseases , said that the Tokyo outbreak was most likely imported into the country by an infected individual , who then transmitted it to domestic mosquitoes . "  Probably one person who was infected outside Japan went to  Yoyogi  park , " he said . "  It 's possible that there was an infected mosquito  transported to Japan  in a bag , but the patient numbers indicate that it was likely an infected person . " He says that it is likely that there have been previous , small and undiagnosed outbreaks in Japan before , but this one was flagged by a doctor who had experience spotting the symptoms of the virus . To date there have been no fatalities in the Japanese outbreak , and Kurosu is confident that the virus can be contained . "  It will  most likely  be controlled . It will be autumn soon and this type of mosquito ca n't survive the cold weather . " Climate-linked spread The disease is on the rise , and over half of the world 's population live in dengue endemic areas . The Japanese outbreak comes as a WHO conference examining the links between health and climate change warned of the risks of infectious diseases like malaria and dengue which are strongly influenced by climate . Higher humidity and temperatures mean mosquitoes can survive longer , increasing the likelihood for transmitting diseases and being able to travel to a wider geographic range . "  Vulnerable populations , the poor , the disadvantaged and children are among those suffering the greatest burden of climate-related impacts and consequent diseases , such as malaria , diarrhea and malnutrition , which already kill millions every year , " said Dr. Flavia Bustreo , WHO Assistant Director-General , Family , Women 's and Children 's Health in a press release . "  Without effective action to mitigate and adapt to the adverse effects of climate change on health , society will face one of its most serious health challenges . " Kurosu agrees that climate change is a factor , giving rise to longer periods that infected mosquitoes can survive . Adverse conditions , such as drought , however , can also impede the spread of the disease . Drought in parts of India this summer has denied the mosquitoes the water that their larvae need to develop , leading to "  extremely low " numbers of dengue cases this year , the Times of India reported . Urban centers affected worst Kurosu says , the primary cause of the spread of dengue fever is linked to population movement and the rapid urbanization of developing countries , the majority of which are in the tropical zone most often affected by dengue fever There is no cure for , and no vaccination against , dengue fever , The disease can develop into a "  potentially lethal complication " called severe dengue , also known as dengue hemorrhagic fever . The WHO estimates that there are over 50-100 million cases of dengue worldwide each year , although a new study says the true number may be four times as high as that appraisal . Study suggests new approach to dengue fever 5 myths about mosquito bites	Japan facing first outbreak of dengue fever in almost 70 years WHO says climate change could lead to an increase in the prevalence of the disease Carried by mosquitoes , dengue is a debilitating illness and can be fatal
HAVANA , Cuba  CNN  -- Havana is ready and willing to start a dialogue with Washington , Cuban President Raul Castro said in a speech to parliament Saturday , but warned that political and regime change are not up for negotiation . Raul Castro warns his critics there will not be any upcoming change in Cuba 's political philosophy . "  They did n't elect me president to restore capitalism in Cuba , nor to surrender the revolution , " Castro said to loud applause . "  I was elected to defend , maintain and continue perfecting socialism , not to destroy it . " He added that those expecting political change after the death of former President Fidel Castro and his generation were "  condemned to fail . " Castro ceded the presidency to his younger brother , Raul , last year but has retained leadership of the Communist Party , the only legal political party in Cuba . There has been speculation that the elder Castro will step down from that post as well at the next Communist Party Congress . Fidel Castro , who had run Cuba since 1959 , has not appeared in public since abdominal surgery in 2006 . Raul Castro 's speech was given to a biannual session of the National Assembly and largely focused on Cuba 's economy . Watch a report on the state of the Communist Party " Castro called some of the measures taken by the Obama administration "  positive , " but said , for Cuba , the main stumbling block remains the U.S. trade embargo , which has been in place in one form or another since 1960 . Castro also repeated Cuba 's offer to "  sustain a respectful dialogue between equals " with the United States . The Obama administration , on the other hand , has insisted on signs of change from Cuba before he makes any more overtures .	Cuba 's Raul Castro says those expecting political change "  doomed to fail " Castro says he was elected to "  maintain and continue perfecting socialism " Castro also says he 's willing to enter dialogue with United States
CNN  -- Venezuela will give a 300-acre island in the Delaware River to the state of New Jersey , the governor 's office announced . Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez used the Earth Day celebration to announce the transfer of Petty 's Island . The Venezuelan-owned Citgo Petroleum Corp. had bought Petty 's Island -- between Camden , New Jersey , and Philadelphia , Pennsylvania -- to use as a fuel storage facility . The island is home to a pair of American bald eagles as well as several great blue herons and state-endangered black-crowned night herons , New Jersey Gov. Jon S. Corzine said in a news release Wednesday . Venezuelan leader Hugo Chavez announced the island 's transfer as part of Wednesday 's Earth Day celebrations . Plans are being finalized for the transition , which will not occur before 2020 , Corzine 's office said . "  Earth Day is a fitting time to consummate the donation of this special place , " Corzine said in the news release . "  Petty 's Island has become an important home to bald eagles , kestrels and a wide variety of waterfowl . We are opening a new chapter in the island 's long history by restoring it and giving it back to nature and the people of New Jersey . " The New Jersey Department of Environmental Protection must certify that Citgo 's cleanup of the island has met state standards before the title can be transferred , the news release said . Citgo has agreed to create a $ 2 million fund to allow the Natural Lands Trust , a state land-preservation board , to manage the island , the release said . The company is setting up another $ 1 million fund to help establish a cultural and education center . Activities on the island will be limited to hiking and bicycle riding , the governor 's office said . The island is part of Pennsauken Township , New Jersey .	Petty 's Island , a 300-acre island in Delaware River , will be given to New Jersey Venezuelan-owned Citgo Petroleum Corp. bought island for fuel storage facility Activities on island will be limited to hiking and bike riding , governor 's office says Venezuela announces gift as part of Earth Day celebration
Washington  CNN  -- President Barack Obama once believed marriage was only between a man and a woman . He then backed civil unions for gay and lesbian couples , granting them many of the same rights and privileges as married heterosexuals . Now he firmly supports a constitutional right that has put him at odds with many social conservatives . It is a personal and political evolution that in many ways reflects the country as a whole . Shifting public opinion and old fights over judicial power are at the nexus of perhaps the most important social issue the high court has addressed in recent years : same-sex marriage . There about 120,000 legally married homosexual couples in the United States . Many thousands more seek the same thing . But it may be 10 people who have the power to force immediate , real change on this legal , political , and social issue : the nine justices and Obama himself . How U.S. political leaders and the Supreme Court act in coming months could set the template for years on a contentious topic that shows no sign of cooling . "  The argument that the Obama administration has made is the Supreme Court should look at these laws very carefully because gays and lesbians are a group that have been subject to discrimination in the past and will be subject to discrimination going forward , " said Amy Howe , a legal analyst and editor of SCOTUSblog.com . Kevin has a family : A same-sex couple 's remarkable journey "  So the Supreme Court would need to subject these laws to what we call a very stringent standard of review " balancing the government 's justification for enacting them , she added . Two separate appeals to be argued Tuesday and Wednesday will once again put the high court at center stage , a contentious encore to its summer ruling upholding the health care reform law championed by Obama . Nine states and the District of Columbia allow same-sex marriage , including Washington , Maryland , Maine , Iowa , New Hampshire , Vermont , Massachusetts , Connecticut , and New York . Another nine have civil union or strong domestic partnership laws . The high court will consider two appeals . The first involves the federal Defense of Marriage Act . DOMA is a 1996 law that defines marriage between one man and one woman . That means federal tax , Social Security , pension , and bankruptcy benefits , family medical leave protections , and other provisions do not apply to gay and lesbian couples . Edie Windsor , an 84-year-old New York woman , is the key plaintiff . She was forced to pay more than $ 363,000 in extra estate taxes when her longtime spouse , Thea Spyer , died . The second case involves California 's Proposition 8 , a 2008 referendum that abolished same-sex marriage after the state 's highest court ruled it legal . Gay couple fights for right to marry in epic high court battle The Supreme Court is being asked to establish same-sex marriage as a constitutional right , but could also decide a more narrower question : Whether a state can revoke that right through referendum once it has already been recognized . Running for the Illinois state senate in 1998 , Obama said he was "  undecided " about whether to legalize same-sex marriage . Fast-forward six years to when he ran for U.S. Senate . He then declared a belief that marriage is between a man and a woman . The stance began an internal process over time that was by his admission , anything but smooth . "  My feelings about this are constantly evolving . I struggle with this , " he said in 2010 , two years into his presidency . "  At this point , what I 've said is that my baseline is a strong civil union that provides them the protections and the legal rights that married couples have , " Obama said at the time . Eight such states have civil union or strong domestic partnership laws -- Delaware , Hawaii , Illinois , Nevada , New Jersey , Oregon , and Rhode Island . But it is the California case that really has drawn the Obama administration into the fight . Obama signaled earlier this month he was prepared to assert a vigorous constitutional right to marriage , but confine it for now only to the Proposition 8 matter and perhaps to the seven other states with civil union laws like California 's . The Justice Department argues civil union and domestic partnership laws may themselves be unconstitutional and that those states should go all the way and grant same-sex couples full marriage rights . It 's called the eight-state strategy . "  The object of California 's establishment of the legal relationship of domestic partnership is to grant committed same-sex couples rights equivalent to those accorded a married couple . But Proposition 8 , by depriving same-sex couples of the right to marry , denies them the dignity , respect , and stature accorded similarly situated opposite-sex couples under state law , " the Justice Department said in its brief on the case . Gay rights groups had privately urged Obama and his top aides to go beyond his previous personal rhetoric in support of the right , and come down "  on the side of history " in this legal struggle . This was all set in motion in the heat of the president 's re-election campaign in what government sources described as a quickly arranged political strategy . Married same-sex couple awaits epic appeal "  At a certain point , I 've just concluded that for me personally it is important for me to go ahead and affirm that I think same-sex couples should be able to get married , " Obama told ABC News . Perhaps bowing to political caution in an election year , Obama explained he "  hesitated on gay marriage " partly because he thought civil unions "  would be sufficient . " "  I was sensitive to the fact that for a lot of people , the word marriage was something that invokes very powerful traditions and religious beliefs , " he said . A new national survey indicates a small majority of Americans backs such marriages but there are generational and partisan divides as well as a gender gap . According to a CNN/ORC International poll , 53 percent of the public think marriages between gay or lesbian couples should be legally recognized as valid , with 44 percent opposed . "  There are big differences among younger and older Americans , with the youngest age group twice as likely than senior citizens to support same-sex marriage , " says CNN Polling Director Keating Holland . "  Women are also more likely to call for legal recognition of gay marriage than men . And only three in ten Americans who attend religious services every week support same-sex marriage while six in ten Americans who do n't attend church weekly feel that way . " Former President Bill Clinton , who signed the marriage law into effect 17 years ago , said this month he now backs the right of homosexuals to marry . So , too , does his wife , former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , a possible Democratic presidential candidate in 2016 . But others on the right say society benefits from preserving a view of marriage that has been in place for centuries . The authors of a new book , "  What is Marriage ? Man and Woman : A Defense , " say , "  Redefining marriage would , by further eroding its central norms , weaken an institution that has already been battered by widespread divorce , out-of-wedlock child bearing and the like . " Academics Robert George , Sherif Girgis , and Ryan Anderson say marriage should be more than "  commitment based on emotional companionship , " and has been practiced for a specific reason throughout this country 's history . "  All human beings are equal in dignity and should be equal before the law . But equality only forbids arbitrary distinctions , " they argue . "  And there is nothing arbitrary about maximizing the chances that children will know the love of their biological parents in a committed and exclusive bond . A strong marriage culture serves children , families and society by encouraging the ideal of giving kids both a mom and a dad . " Line forms days ahead of Supreme Court same-sex argument The DOMA and Prop 8 cases will test the delicate line over constitutional limits from both congressional , presidential , and judicial power . All nine justices will have an equal voice in both oral argument and an eventual ruling , but it may be one member of the court whose views may count most in the high-stakes quest for five votes . Justice Anthony Kennedy authored the landmark 1996 Romer v. Evans ruling , striking down a Colorado constitutional amendment that forbid local communities from passing laws banning discrimination against gays . The moderate-conservative wrote for the 6-3 majority , rejecting the state 's argument the law only blocked gay people from receiving preferential treatment or "  special rights . " In dissent Justice Antonin Scalia criticized the court for placing what he said was "  the prestige of this institution behind the proposition that opposition to homosexuality is as reprehensible as racial or religious bias . " In 2003 , Kennedy authored the court 's decision overturning state laws criminalizing homosexual sodomy . At the time though , he cautioned the court was not endorsing the idea of same-sex marriage , saying the private conduct case at hand "  does not involve whether the government must give formal recognition to any relationship that homosexual persons seek to enter . " That caution was further articulated this month by Kennedy , when he said some issues are best left to the other branches . "  I think it 's a serious problem . A democracy should not be dependent for its major decisions on what nine unelected people from a narrow legal background have to say , " Kennedy said . By patiently letting legislatures and the voters decide the social and practical implications of same-sex marriage over the past decade , the high court is now poised to perhaps offer the final word on tricky constitutional questions . Or not . The split 5-4 conservative-liberal bench has the option of ruling broadly or narrowly -- perhaps taking a series of incremental cases over a period years , building political momentum and public confidence in the process . The Prop 8 case is Hollingsworth v. Perry  12-144  . The DOMA case is U.S. v. Windsor  12-307  . Opinion : Slowly , GOP shifting on same-sex marriage	Obama now supports right to same-sex marriage , putting him at odds with conservatives It has been a personal and political evolution for the president on a major social issue Supreme Court will hear arguments in two appeals on Tuesday and Wednesday Political stakes are high in appeals of federal and California same-sex laws
Lagos , Nigeria  CNN  -- The death toll from weekend violence in central Nigeria climbed to more than 200 Monday after members of a machete-wielding Muslim group attacked a mostly Christian town south of the city of Jos , officials said . More than 200 were dead and 32 injured , according to Choji Gyang , a religious affairs adviser to the head of Plateau state , who said bodies were still being recovered . Sani Shehu , president of the nongovernmental agency Civil Rights Congress , put the number of dead at about 485 people . Twenty-six arrests had been made in connection with the violence , Gyang said . Nigerian Vice President Goodluck Jonathan put security on high alert Sunday and began operations to capture the "  roving bands of killers " who attacked Dogo Nahauwa , a town just south of Jos. Are you there ? Send your video , images to iReport The townsfolk are predominantly Berom , an ethnic group that mostly practices Christianity , said Manase Pampe , spokesman for the Red Cross Plateau state office . Reports of the attack described the assailants as members of the Muslim Hausa-Fulani ethnic group , Pampe and government spokesman Gregory Yenlong said . The attackers stormed the town at 3 a.m. Sunday  9 p.m. Saturday ET  and remained there for 2 1/2 hours , Pampe said . Buildings were set afire , and people were attacked with machetes , Yenlong said . The violence resembled previous outbreaks of ethno-religious clashes in the West African nation . But John Onaiyekan , archbishop of Abuja , told Vatican Radio the most recent outbreak is the result of a dispute over access to natural resources , not religion . "  The point that needs to be made is that people are not killing one another because of religion , " Onaiyekan said . Instead , he called it a "  classical " economic conflict between farmers and less sedentary groups . The Plateau attack prompted Jonathan to place the area and neighboring states on "  red alert , " the vice president 's office said in a news release . He directed security forces to "  undertake strategic initiatives to confront and defeat these roving bands of killers , " the office said . Jonathan , who became acting head of state in February while President Umaru Yar ` Adua recovers from illness , called for calm . "  He calls on all Nigerians to remain peaceful and law abiding since violence only begets further violence , " the release said . "  He also sympathizes with those who have lost relatives and friends in these attacks , asking the Almighty to grant them the fortitude to bear the loss . " Onaiyekan said the government had imposed a dusk-to-dawn curfew but noted it 's difficult for authorities to impose curfews outside the cities . The recent casualties do n't "  say much about the ability of government to defend its citizens , " he said . Hundreds fled the town as the violence raged Sunday . The Red Cross was caring for about 600 people at its camp in Boto in Bauchi state , said Alhaji Abubakar , the group 's spokesman in the state . Bauchi is just north of Plateau state . Forty-eight people were treated at hospitals , national Red Cross spokesman Umar Maigari said . Red Cross officials counted 30 bodies in one community but were unable to continue their investigation , he said . Residents wanted to direct the attention to burying the dead , he said . Nigeria -- with more than 150 million people -- is the most populous country in Africa and almost evenly divided between Muslims and Christians . It has the sixth-largest Islamic population in the world -- 78 million-plus Muslims , according to a study last year by the Pew Forum on Religion and Public Life . While some outbursts of violence are between Christians and Muslims , some disputes are also ethnic-based . The country is home to 250 to 400 ethnic groups , making it one of the most diverse African nations , according to the International Displacement Monitoring Center . Thousands were displaced in January when violence flared up in Jos , said Shehu of the Civil Rights Congress . A local activist said 69 people were killed and about 600 injured . Also in January , at least 150 Muslims were killed during an attack in Kuru Karama south of Jos , Human Rights Watch reported . Community leaders from Jos and journalists told Human Rights Watch they saw dozens of bodies lodged in wells or sewage pits . Most of the town 's homes were burned , the group said . In November 2008 , at least 700 Nigerians died in Christian-Muslim riots that followed a disputed local election , Human Rights Watch reported . CNN 's Christian Purefoy contributed to this report .	Officials say death toll more than 200 ; others put figure as high as 485 Predominantly Christian town attacked with machetes , buildings set on fire Reports describe attackers as members of Islamic Hausa-Fulani ethnic group Nigeria has seen other religious , ethnic violence , including deadly attack on Muslims
CNN  -- People do n't generally care what politicians read . But Rep. Paul Ryan is different . His fascination with the Russian-born novelist Ayn Rand could spell trouble for the GOP 's new vice-presidential candidate . It could put him at odds with the Christian right and the Roman Catholic Church . It all depends how much you believe that he is in the thrall of Ayn Rand . Rand  1905-1982  is controversial because of the extremism of her views . In researching my recent book , I found that Rand 's influence on the Republican Party , which dates back as far as her endorsement of Wendell Willkie in 1940 , has been sharply growing , largely due to her vise-like hold on the imagination of the tea party and people like Ryan . Rand was the author of two best-selling novels , "  The Fountainhead " and "  Atlas Shrugged . " These books , along with her other novels and essays , set forth an ideology which she called objectivism . Her books have sold in the millions and appeal to people ranging from Silicon Valley entrepreneurs to the rock band Rush .  Rush 's lyricist and drummer , Neil Peart , only this year renounced his interest in Rand , three decades after writing the songs her work inspired . College students notoriously go through an "  Ayn Rand phase " because her books emphasize self-reliance and breaking away from one 's parents . For most people , it 's a kind of literary infatuation . But for a few , Rand becomes a lifelong passion . Bennett : Why Paul Ryan ? What made her books controversial is not violence or sex , though both "  Fountainhead " and "  Atlas " have their share of bodice-ripping , but an extremist vision of America that celebrated greed and selfishness , rejected altruism as "  evil " and opposed the fundamental tenets of Judeo-Christian morality .  She was also a militant atheist who favored abortion . Paul Ryan says that he read her books as a youth but was not influenced by her . In April , he gave an interview to National Review in which he repudiated Rand entirely . In the interview , he called reports of his adherence to Rand 's views an "  urban legend " and said that he was more deeply influenced by his Roman Catholic faith and by Thomas Aquinas . But that 's not the way he was talking in 2005 , when he gave a speech to the Atlas Society , a group dedicated to promoting Rand 's beliefs . In that speech , Ryan said , "  I grew up reading Ayn Rand and it taught me quite a bit about who I am and what my value systems are and what my beliefs are . It 's inspired me so much that it 's required reading in my office for all my interns and my staff . " He went on to say that "  the reason I got involved in public service , by and large , if I had to credit one thinker , one person , it would be Ayn Rand . And the fight we are in here , make no mistake about it , is a fight of individualism versus collectivism . " Avlon : Paul Ryan will shift the campaign dynamic Ryan very succinctly summed up the Randian worldview in those remarks . Rand painted the world in stark terms , as a struggle between the individual and the collective . In "  The Fountainhead , " which was published in 1943 , her hero was an architect , Howard Roark , who pursued his vision despite opposition from the media and the architectural establishment . He dislikes money and status and is solely focused on seeing his vision expressed through his work . He even allows another architect to take the credit for a public housing project that he designed . But when the project is not built according to his wishes , he blows it up . The book was widely denounced as amoral when it came out , but it had enough wide appeal that it was adapted into a 1949 movie with Gary Cooper as Roark and Patricia Neal as his love interest . But the stir that it caused when it came out was nothing like the explosion of fury that greeted "  Atlas Shrugged " when it was published in 1957 . That book advanced her belief that laissez-faire capitalism , unsullied by government interference or regulation , was the only moral social system . Unlike the sometimes impoverished architect in "  Fountainhead , " the heroes of "  Atlas Shrugged " were millionaires and industrialists , depicted as a degraded class who had to strike to throw off the yoke of oppression . The heroes of that book included a noble railroad heiress , Dagny Taggart , and a struggling steel tycoon , Hank Rearden , but they are overshadowed by a character who emerges toward the end , John Galt , an inventor who leads the downtrodden 1 % on a strike . Castellanos : Paul Ryan and Gen X GOP Rand further expounded on her beliefs in essays that were published in her newsletters , and in anthologies with titles like "  The Virtue of Selfishness " and "  Capitalism : The Unknown Ideal . " The latter , first published in 1966 , contained three essays by Alan Greenspan , one of which argued forcefully against all forms of regulation , even building codes . These essays were published by Rand and reflected her thinking . His strident essays for that book , which he has never repudiated or withdrawn from publication , were echoed by his actions in the 1990s as a principal supporter of financial deregulation in his capacity as chairman of the Federal Reserve . In a famous appearance before a congressional committee in 2008 , Rep. Henry Waxman , D-California , asked Greenspan , "  Do you feel that your ideology pushed you to make decisions that you wish you had not made ? " Greenspan conceded that there was a "  flaw " in his belief system , which was widely cited as a repudiation of Rand , who was his friend for 30 years . In April 2010 , appearing before the Financial Crisis Inquiry Commission , he denied that he had ever repudiated his ideology . "  The flaw in the system that I acknowledged was an inability to fully understand the state and extent of potential risks that were as yet untested , " he said . Granderson : Why America does n't like Mitt Romney Greenspan did n't mention Rand by name , but in an interview that same month he was asked if the financial crisis was "  an indictment of Ayn Rand and the view that laissez-faire capitalism can be expected to function properly , that markets can be trusted to police themselves ? " His response : "  Not at all . " Ryan 's effort to put daylight between himself and Rand also reeks of history-rewriting . Certainly the speech he gave before the Atlas Society in 2005 , in which he toed the Randian line , was no "  urban legend . " Ryan is no atheist , but atheism was at the core of her philosophy , because the teachings of the Bible simply do not jibe with her belief that selfishness is moral , greed is good and altruism is evil . It 's not surprising that Ryan 's budget plan , which cuts programs for the poor and middle class while imposing no new taxes on the rich , has been criticized by some in the Roman Catholic Church . Paul Ryan can either be an objectivist or a Christian . He ca n't have it both ways . He faces a serious problem among Christians , moderate Republicans and others who dislike Rand 's views if his expressions of support for Rand are believed , rather than his denials . How do you feel about Romney selecting Ryan as his running mate ? Share with us on CNN iReport . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Gary Weiss .	Ayn Rand was a Russian-born novelist whose work celebrated selfishness , says Gary Weiss In April , Paul Ryan called reports of his adherence to Rand 's views an "  urban legend " But in 2005 Ryan said she was "  the reason I got involved in public service , " says Weiss Weiss : That could put Ryan at odds with the Christian right and the Roman Catholic Church
NEW YORK  CNN  -- Layoffs for sea lions ? Furloughs for frogs ? Is there no job security , anywhere ? State budget cuts mean New York 's 76 zoos , botanical gardens and aquariums will lose $ 9.1 million in funding . The recession may be coming to a zoo near you . State budget cuts mean many zoos , aquariums and botanical gardens will lose crucial state funding for their exhibits . New York 's 76 zoos , aquariums and botanical gardens will lose $ 9.1 million in state funds next year . "  We 're faced with this very difficult problem of firing the animals , as it were , " said Steve Sanderson , the CEO of the Wildlife Conservation Society , which manages the Bronx Zoo and the New York Aquarium . They will lose $ 3 million to budget cuts . The Bronx Zoo has made a short video posted on its Web site www.bronxzoo.com / to draw attention to the cuts . In the video , the zoo director fires a porcupine and a frog . "  I am sure you have heard that Gov. -LSB- David -RSB- Paterson 's proposed budget will mean severe cuts here at the Bronx Zoo and the New York Aquarium , " the zoo director says . "  Next year , all 76 zoos , botanical gardens and aquariums in the state will lose all of their state funding . There is no easy way to say this : Even though you bring record numbers of people to New York and help the economy , we are going to have to let you go . " Firing a porcupine and a frog may be a cute way to get publicity for their budget woes , but it 's a serious matter and zoo officials say the recession will certainly affect the animals . Zoo officials say some collections with "  short life cycles " will not be replaced when they die , and other animals could be sent to other zoos or wildlife sanctuaries . The state of New York funds just 2.7 percent of the Bronx Zoo and the New York Aquarium 's budget , but zoo officials say it will be difficult to make up . Between the state budget cuts , the loss in the value of their endowment and fewer people renewing memberships -- times are so tough for the zoo and aquarium -- they say they may lay off 120 to 130 people . "  Two-thirds of our budget is people , and so two-thirds of the cuts will come in cutting positions , " Sanderson said . "  And we 'll also cut back what we provide in the way of education and entertainment and nature experiences for people . So it affects everything . " Zoo officials questioned the state 's priorities . But just about everybody getting taxpayer funds has to cut back . Jeffrey Gordon , a spokesman for the New York State Budget Office told CNN the cuts are regrettable but necessary considering the state 's current financial crisis . Citing a "  dramatic reduction in revenue , " Gordon said , "  Every entity that receives state funds must do what the state has done , which is to review its operations and identify ways to operate at lower costs . " The Bronx Zoo is n't the only one affected ; cutbacks are happening everywhere . The Los Angeles Zoo in California stopped work on its $ 42 million elephant exhibit last year , and there are big budget cuts for zoos in Maryland , Missouri and North Carolina . There 's no relief for the zoos in the $ 819 billion economic stimulus package . Section 1109 of the stimulus bill which passed this week in the House forbids the use of federal taxpayer money to plug the budget gaps . Taxpayer watchdog groups lobbied to keep zoos , aquariums , swimming pools , golf courses and casinos out of the stimulus , arguing that there are higher priorities for Americans ' money during a recession .	State budget cuts threaten funding for zoos , aquariums and botanical gardens New York 's 76 zoos , aquariums and botanical gardens will lose $ 9.1 million Bronx Zoo : Some animals wo n't be replaced ; others may go to zoos , sanctuaries Zoos in Florida , Maryland , Missouri and North Carolina face budget cuts
CNN  -- The 20 jurors to be selected in the Orlando , Florida , murder trial of Casey Anthony will cost the court system an estimated $ 361,000 , according to court administrators . According to a cost breakdown spreadsheet obtained by "  In Session " on truTV , these expenses include everything from housing , transportation and three daily meals , to wages associated with the sheriff 's office , court clerks and courthouse facilities for the duration of the trial . The jurors will be sequestered for the trial , in which Anthony , who turns 25 on Saturday , faces a capital murder charge in the death of her 2-year-old daughter , Caylee . The girl was reporting missing in July 2008 , and investigators found her body after five months of intense searches . Prior to a jury being seated , the Orange County Clerk of Courts Office will be required to pay nearly $ 4,000 in jury selection costs . "  It 's an estimate of the expenses , but it 's certainly not all-inclusive , " court spokeswoman Karen Levey told the Orlando Sentinel . However , she added , the cost breakdown per juror is "  fairly accurate . " Orange County Clerk of Courts Lydia Gardner told the newspaper that "  funding for the Casey Anthony trial is in serious jeopardy " and that she "  informed both the chief justice of the state Supreme Court as well as Chief  Judge  Belvin Perry of these dire circumstances . " Florida Gov. Rick Scott in February proposed cutting state spending by more than $ 5 billion this fiscal year . That includes a cut of about 8.4 percent -- or nearly $ 40 million -- to the state courts ' budget for 2011-12 , according to the governor 's web site . In a statement released Thursday , Levey said the chief judge knows that Gardner "  has concerns regarding her office 's ability to cover the costs that her office is responsible for , ... such as jury sequestration . " Levey added that the legislative session is in its early stages and talks of a continuance in the case on "  are extremely premature . " Jury selection in Casey Anthony 's murder trail is scheduled to start May 9 , and Levey stressed that the date "  has not been continued . " Aletse Mellado of "  In Session " contributed to this report .	Costs to Orlando court system cover housing , transportation , meals Also included : courthouse costs , wages associated with sheriff 's office , clerks Jury selection for the trial begins May 9 Casey Anthony is on trial for capital murder in the 2008 death of her daughter
CNN  -- NASA said Friday it had discovered water on the moon , opening "  a new chapter " that could allow for the development of a lunar space station . The discovery was announced by project scientist Anthony Colaprete at a midday news conference . "  I 'm here today to tell you that indeed , yes , we found water . And we did n't find just a little bit ; we found a significant amount " -- about a dozen , two-gallon bucketfuls , he said , holding up several white plastic containers . The find is based on preliminary data collected when the Lunar Crater Observation and Sensing Satellite , or LCROSS , intentionally crashed October 9 into the permanently shadowed region of Cabeus crater near the moon 's south pole . After the satellite struck , a rocket flew through the debris cloud , measuring the amount of water and providing a host of other data , Colaprete said . The project team concentrated on data from the satellite 's spectrometers , which provide the best information about the presence of water , Colaprete said . A spectrometer helps identify the composition of materials by examining light they emit or absorb . Although the goal of the $ 79 million mission was to determine whether there is water on the moon , discoveries in other areas are expected as studies progress , Colaprete and other scientists said at the briefing at NASA 's Ames Research Center at Moffett Field near San Francisco , California . "  The discovery opens a new chapter in our understanding of the moon , " the space agency said in a written statement shortly after the briefing began . Michael Wargo , chief lunar scientist at NASA headquarters in Washington , said the latest discovery also could unlock the mysteries of the solar system . He listed several options as sources for the water , including solar winds , comets , giant molecular clouds or even the moon itself through some kind of internal activity . The Earth also may have a role , Wargo said . "  If the water that was formed or deposited is billions of years old , these polar cold traps could hold a key to the history and evolution of the solar system , much as an ice core sample taken on Earth reveals ancient data , " NASA said in its statement . "  In addition , water and other compounds represent potential resources that could sustain future lunar exploration . "	NASA : Discovery could allow for development of lunar space station Information comes from satellite mission to moon last month Spokesman : "  Indeed , yes , we found water " Discovery "  opens a new chapter in our understanding of the moon , " agency says
EW.com  -- Has Bieber Fever broken ? Justin Bieber swept the top categories at the 40th Annual American Music Awards on Sunday night , winning three of the night 's biggest categories . But ratings were down sharply from last year . The AMAs telecast delivered 9.5 million viewers and a 3.4 rating on ABC , falling 21 percent from 2011 to an all-time low . In a way , this performance goes against the ratings trend . In recent years , broadcast scripted shows have been on a downward slope thanks to cable and DVRs , but awards programs have been seemingly immune . The working theory is that the more urgency you can create around a telecast , the better the numbers . So sporting events , competition reality shows and award shows have often out-performed other types of programming because viewers want to enjoy the immediacy of the event and not get spoiled by headlines revealing the outcome the next day . Obviously , last night , not so much . EW Daily Poll : ` SNL 's ` The Californians ' sketch is ... ABC points out the telecast was up against tough competition from NBC 's Sunday Night Football and some NFL overrun on CBS , though sports and music award show audiences do n't typically have a ton of overlap . Chart  Note : NBC ratings are very preliminary due to live sports coverage ; CBS ratings are also temporary since NFL overrun delayed the network 's entertainment lineup  : ADULT DEMO RANK ADULTS 18-49 RATINGS TOTAL VIEWERS  +000 FOX 7:00 P NFL / BOB 'S -11 / 18 7P # 20 1.3 3,416 7:30 P CLEVELAND # 17t 1.6 3,278 8:00 P SIMPSONS # 8t 2.5 5,185 8:30 P BOBS BURGR # 15 1.8 3,984 9:00 P FAMILY GUY # 8t 2.5 5,065 9:30 P AMERICAN DAD # 13 2.0 4,161 ABC 7-8P AMR-VIDEOS # 16 1.7 7,468 8-11P AMERICAN MUSIC AWARDS S # 5 3.4 9,471 CBS 7:00 P NFL OVERRUN # 1 6.1 19,543 7:30 P NFL/60 MINUTES # 3 4.9 17,298 8:00 P 60 MINUTES # 6 3.2 14,145 8:30 P 60 MIN/AMAZG # 8t 2.5 11,450 9:00 P AMAZING RACE # 11 2.2 9,482 9:30 P AMZG / GOOD WIFE # 12 2.1 9,793 10:00 P GOOD WIFE # 17t 1.6 9,645 10:30 P GOOD WIFE/MENTALIST # 17t 1.6 9,383 NBC 7:00 P FTB # 14 1.9 6,317 7:30 P FTBL # 7 2.7 8,016 8:00 P FTBL # 4 4.5 12,751 830-11P SNF : RAVEN&STLRS # 2 6.0 15,801 See original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	The awards show 's ratings fell 21 percent from 2011 In a way , the performance went against the ratings trend ABC pointed out that it was up against tough competition from NBC 's Sunday Night Football
Seoul , South Korea  CNN  -- The suspected cyberattack that struck South Korean banks and media companies this week did n't originate from a Chinese IP address , South Korean officials said Friday , contradicting their previous claim . The Korea Communications Commission , a South Korean regulator , said that after "  detailed analysis , " the IP address that was thought to be from China was determined to be an internal IP address from one of the banks that was infected by the malicious code . It said , though , that "  the government has confirmed that the attack was from a foreign land . " An IP address is the number that identifies a network or device on the Internet . Widespread damage The attack Wednesday damaged 32,000 computers and servers at media and financial companies , South Korea 's Communications Commission said . It infected banks ' and broadcasters ' computer networks with a malicious program , or malware , that slowed or shut down systems , officials and the semiofficial Yonhap News Agency said . The military stepped up its cyberdefense efforts in response to the widespread outages , which hit nine companies , Yonhap reported , citing the National Police Agency . Government computer networks did not seem to be affected , Yonhap cited the National Computing and Information Agency as saying . A joint team from government , the military and private industry was responding . How the hackers got in and spread the malicious code remains under investigation , and analysts are examining the malware , a South Korean official close to the investigation said . Blaming North Korea in the past South Korea has accused the North of similar hacking attacks before , including incidents in 2010 and 2012 that also targeted banks and media organizations . The North rejected the allegations . The outages come amid heightened tensions on the Korean Peninsula , with the North angrily responding to a recent U.N. Security Council vote to impose tougher sanctions on Pyongyang after the country 's latest nuclear test last month . Last week , North Korea invalidated its 60-year-old armistice with the South . It has threatened to attack its neighbor with nuclear weapons and has also threatened the United States . The armistice agreement , signed in 1953 , ended the three-year war between North and South but left the two nations technically in a state of war . The United States has deployed B-52 bombers to conduct high-profile flyovers of its South Korean ally and announced that it will deploy new ground-based missile interceptors on its West Coast against the remote possibility that North Korea could strike the United States with long-range weapons .	Wednesday 's suspected cyberattack hit 32,000 computers Nine companies fell victim to the malicious code Government computers were n't affected South Korea has blamed the North in the past , which has rejected the allegations
CNN  -- South African Archbishop Desmond Tutu announced Thursday he will retire from public life in October , when he turns 79 years old . "  Instead of growing old gracefully , at home with my family -- reading and writing and praying and thinking -- too much of my time has been spent at airports and in hotels , " the Nobel laureate said in a statement . "  The time has now come to slow down , to sip Rooibos tea with my beloved wife in the afternoons , to watch cricket , to travel to visit my children and grandchildren , rather than to conferences and conventions and university campuses , " he said . Tutu , a Nobel Peace Prize winner , formally retired as Archbishop of Cape Town in 1996 . But by then he was already chairing South Africa 's Truth and Reconciliation Commission , a public inquiry into the crimes of the country 's apartheid regime . He retired from that position in 1998 . Since then , Tutu has continued to travel the world , lecturing and advocating for various causes . He 's also been chairing The Elders , a group of statesmen and women including Nelson Mandela , Jimmy Carter , Kofi Annan and Mary Robinson . The Elders try to help resolve conflicts around the world , including those in Cyrpus and Sudan , campaign against nuclear arms , and work for women 's and girls ' rights .	Nobel Peace Prize winner wants to spend more time with his family Tutu retired as archbishop of Cape Town in 1996 He chaired South Africa 's Truth and Reconciliation Commission Tutu turns 79 in October
UNITED NATIONS  CNN  -- Murder and justice have always been hallmarks of the "  Law & Order " stable of TV shows , but never before have the fictional New York City crimes guided the show 's detectives and attorneys to the United Nations -- until now . "  Law & Order : SVU " co-star Christopher Meloni says the show 's intent is to "  shine light in the dark places . " The U.N. recently opened the gates of its New York headquarters to the NBC Universal show "  Law & Order : Special Victims Unit " for the filming of an episode scheduled to air Tuesday . The taping marked the first time in its nearly 60-year history that the United Nations has allowed its iconic location to be used as a setting in a major network television production . Previously , the United Nations granted permission for the 2005 motion picture "  The Interpreter " to film on location , making it the first feature film to shoot on the grounds of the U.N. Series stars Stephanie March , who plays Assistant District Attorney Alexandra Cabot , and Christopher Meloni , along with nearly 200 other cast and crew members , came to the U.N. on March 7 to film an episode revolving around child soldiers , refugees , warlords and the International Criminal Court . "  Law & Order : SVU " traditionally involves difficult subject matter such as kidnapping , rape and homicide . Emmy-nominated actor Meloni , who plays Detective Elliot Stabler on the show , explained that the intent behind the issues raised on the program has always been to "  shine light in the dark places that no one wants to go or talk about because there 's usually a lot of shame and denial about it . " Meloni described how the U.N. episode "  really does kind of revolve around child soldiers , how they 've been brainwashed , the horrible journeys that they 've had to endure and how they can be assimilated back and be productive . And I think in this particular episode , we 're trying to carry on with whatever clout we may possess . We have the medium to shine the light out there and tell this story . " Considering the "  ripped-from-the-headlines " and complicated themes regarding conflict in Africa and the ICC , "  Special Victims Unit " writers and actors relied on Enough Project co-founder John Prendergast as a consultant throughout the filming . The Enough Project is an advocacy group committed to preventing genocide , crimes against humanity and other atrocities in six historically tumultuous African nations . Prendergast explained that he perceived the episode as "  one where reality dovetailed quite neatly with fiction , and hopefully more people will understand now what is happening in real life with President Bashir and Sudan , and then the accountability for war crimes because they saw it on ` Law & Order . ' " On March 4 , the International Criminal Court indicted Sudan 's president , Omar al-Bashir , with war crimes and crimes against humanity . This was the first time such charges have been leveled against a sitting head of state . The "  Special Victims Unit " filming was the first official project within Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon 's newly formed Creative Community Outreach Initiative . The intent of the program is to establish a relationship with international film and television industries to enhance the image of the United Nations and to "  raise the profile of critical global issues , " according to a U.N. representative . Eric Falt , director of the U.N. 's outreach initiative , elaborated : "  We 're starting a program where we 're going to say to filmmakers , people who produce television series , that we are essentially open for business . You want to come to the U.N. ? Talk to us . We 'll make it happen . " In addition to the "  Law & Order " film shoot , the United Nations has hosted two other high-profile events in March through the initiative . Celebrities and recording artists including Akon , Phylicia Rashad , Peter Buffet and Whoopi Goldberg commemorated victims of the of the trans-Atlantic slave trade March 25 with a concert in the U.N. General Assembly Hall . The show was directed by celebrated musician Nile Rodgers and was the first such event held at the United Nations . Goldberg also moderated a discussion March 17 at U.N. headquarters stemming from the complex topics presented in the popular television show "  Battlestar Galactica . " The panel featured series stars Edward James Olmos and Mary McDonnell , along with the series creators and assorted U.N. personnel speaking about a variety of subjects prevalent both in the show and in today 's world . Topics included abortion , suicide bombings and post-conflict resolution . Goldberg summed up the purpose of the occasion , saying , "  much like the fictional ships and planets in the ` BSG ' universe , the U.N. is an imperfect place , but the fight for justice , equality and understanding remains fundamental to both . " Despite the imperfections of the United Nations , "  SVU 's " March could not have been more thrilled with her experience filming at the U.N. . When asked what she would like to be doing if she were n't putting away fictional bad guys as assistant DA Cabot , March said , "  I would love to work for the United Nations . I have a great job , but really all I want to do is actually work in the U.N. I 'm pretty excited to be here . It 's been a lifelong dream to be a part of it in some way . " The "  Law & Order : Special Victims Unit " episode is slated to air at 10 p.m. ET on Tuesday on NBC .	TV show is the first to film at U.N. 's New York headquarters Tuesday 's episode centers on child soldiers It 's first project in U.N. 's Creative Community Outreach Initiative "  SVU " writers , cast relied on guidance from advocacy group
Atlanta  CNN  -- Members of an anti-government movement that does n't believe banks can own property are increasingly moving into foreclosed homes in the Atlanta area , according to the FBI . Although he could n't give exact numbers , Special Agent Stephen Emmett told CNN that the number of "  sovereign citizens " taking over homes by fraudulent means has grown by the dozens . The skyrocketing increase in foreclosures in Atlanta has provided opportunities for such groups , Emmett said , including the use of fake quit-claim deeds . According to the FBI , sovereign citizens do n't believe they need to adhere to federal law . "  As a result , they believe they do n't have to answer to any government authority , including courts , taxing entities , motor vehicle departments or law enforcement , " the agency says . "  They are one step away from becoming domestic terrorists , " Emmett said . Sovereign citizens have served fraudulent paperwork at banks and courthouses , the agent added . "  It 's interesting to note that the homes that sovereign citizens chose to occupy are often high-dollar homes , often in the million-dollar range , " said Emmett . "  We find  it  very hypocritical that they seek out these nice homes in nice neighborhoods to occupy . " On March 3 , a sheriff 's department in an Atlanta suburb evicted a couple who had filed invalid papers claiming ownership and stayed in a foreclosed home for months , authorities said . Fearing the pair had guns , the department used a SWAT team . The man was cooperative during the eviction , but had previously made threats to shoot anyone who came on his property , authorities said . "  This threat was made to a representative of the mortgage company and reported to our office , " said Major Jeff Mitchell of the Clayton County Sheriff 's Department The male resident , who claimed to be associated with the Black Hebrew Israelites , had first gone to court , arguing , "  It would be unfortunate that the people are subject to Sheriff as the peace breaker and promoter of unhappiness , and the people have to protect themselves from the ones employed to protect the people , " Mitchell said . "  We are working with the FBI to identify possible sovereign citizens living within Clayton County , " Mitchell said . The man was not arrested because he made no specific threat , according to CNN affiliate WSB . No weapons were found . "  We 're definitely seeing an increase in the sovereign citizen movement , " Sheriff Kemuel Kimbrough Sr. told WSB . "  But this is the first one where we 've had significant amount of threats of violence . " The FBI said sovereign citizens are responsible for many crimes , including impersonating police officers , threatening judges and using fake currency and documents . The Southern Poverty Law Center in Montgomery , Alabama , has warned about the movement 's growing popularity and calls it a magnet for far-right extremists . "  The sovereign movement is growing fast , and its partisans are clogging up the courts with their indecipherable filings , " the center said in a report last year . "  When cornered , many of them lash out in rage , frustration and , in the most extreme cases , acts of deadly violence . "	FBI says "  sovereign citizens " do n't recognize most government authority More are moving into foreclosed homes in the Atlanta area Agency , center link members to criminal acts
CNN  -- U.N. gunships battled rebels in eastern Democratic Republic of Congo on Monday , according to U.N. spokesman Michele Bonnardeaux . U.N. vehicles on Monday pass between lines of civilians fleeing fighting north of Goma , Congo . U.N. helicopter gunships , supporting national army forces on the ground , fired on rebels from the Congress for the Defense of the People in an effort to halt their advance on the village of Kibumba . CNDP is the French acronym for National Congress for the Defense of the People , a Congolese rebel group under renegade general Laurent Nkunda . The village of Kibumba is the location of a U.N.-administered internally displaced peoples camp , just 12 1/2 miles  20 kilometers  north of the provincial capital , Goma , Bonnardeaux said . Renewed fighting erupted Sunday when the CNDP seized a major military camp and gorilla park , according to U.N. and park officials . The U.N. brokered peace accord in the area in January . On Monday , thousands fleeing Kibumba spurred violent demonstrations in front of the U.N. compound in Goma . The group was angry that a 17,000-person U.N. security force has been unable to protect them from renewed bouts of violence in the country , a U.N. spokesman told CNN . A U.N. spokesman said the U.N. 's mission in Congo was "  under attack " on Monday . A mission staff member inside the U.N. compound , who did not want to give his name for security reasons , said U.N. security forces had returned fire in an attempt to disperse angry crowds near the U.N. compound . Gunshots could be heard as he spoke on the phone . He said the attack had resulted in several deaths . U.N. officials confirmed one dead in Goma as a result of Monday 's demonstrations . The assault died down later in the day , a U.N. spokesman said , but people continued to pelt the building . It was unclear who was attacking , but the staff member told CNN the people were from a village that had been taken over by the CNDP , a Congolese renegade group led by Gen. Laurent Nkunda that seized a major military camp and gorilla park in a renewed bout of heavy fighting Sunday . Thousands of civilians were reportedly fleeing the fighting . Pictures from the region showed long lines of people walking along roads carrying their belongings . Watch how refugees line roads to get away " Soldiers who abandoned the military camp were retreating in vehicles on a main road outside of Goma on Monday , angrily honking their horns at civilians who got in their way , The Associated Press reported . Bertrand Bisimwa , a spokesman for the rebels , told the AP that rebel fighters had moved to within 7 miles  11 kilometers  of Goma . The latest fighting comes after the collapse on Sunday of a tenuous week-old U.N.-brokered cease-fire between rebels and government forces . According to U.N. spokesman Nick Birnback , thousands of displaced civilians in the city of Goma were throwing rocks and Molotov cocktails , angry that a 17,000-person U.N. security force has been unable to protect them from the violence . "  The situation in Goma is very volatile , " he said . "  But MONUC is taking all available measures to stabilize the situation . " Watch more about the fighting " The U.N. mission -- known by its French acronym , MONUC -- is in Goma , which is along Congo 's border with Rwanda . Although the civil war in Congo -- once known as Zaire -- officially ended in 2003 , recent fighting in eastern Congo between government forces and CNDP rebels under has caused tens of thousands to flee their homes , according to U.N. spokesman Michele Bonnardeaux . Watch ranger describe the violence " The conflict and humanitarian crisis in Congo have taken the lives of 5.4 million people since 1998 , and 45,000 people die there every month , according to an International Rescue Committee report in January . A senior U.S. State Department official said the United States is pushing hard for cooperation among Rwanda , Uganda and Congo over the situation in eastern Congo . The official said all countries , especially Congo and Rwanda , "  need to work together " to rein in "  militia groups and other negative forces . " Assistant U.S. Secretary of State Jendayi Frazer will travel to Congo and Rwanda to urge both governments to take action , the official said . U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon issued a statement Monday calling on all parties "  to make every effort to restore calm among the affected populations . " The attacks also coincided with the resignation of the U.N. military commander in Congo , Lt. Gen. Vicente Diaz de Villegas y Herreria . A U.N. statement on Monday indicated he stepped down for "  personal reasons . " CNN 's Carolina Sanchez contributed to this report . Copyright 2008 CNN . All rights reserved.This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed . Associated Press contributed to this report .	NEW : U.N. helicopters attack rebels north of Goma to stop advancement U.N. military commander in Congo resigns for "  personal reasons " Thousands of protesters attack U.N. 's eastern Congo HQ with rocks , stones The attack has resulted in several deaths , an official said
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Given a cast of Adam Sandler , Seth Rogen and Jonah Hill , and the guiding hand of director and writer Judd Apatow  "  Knocked Up " and "  The 40-Year-Old Virgin "  , perhaps there is no more appropriate title than simply "  Funny People . " Adam Sandler , Seth Rogen and Judd Apatow get together at the "  Funny People " premiere in Hollywood . Which is saying something , since "  Funny People " frequently treads into the darker realms of comedy . Sandler leads the cast as George Simmons , an A-list Hollywood comedian whose fame and fortune has brought him a beautiful mansion on the beach , lots of luck with the ladies and , as the audience soon discovers , a life of loneliness . Sandler is quick to point out that he and his character have little in common . "  I ca n't really say this guy is me ; he 's not living my life , " says Sandler , who is married with two children . "  The movie star thing we have in common ; we have a few mood swings in common . ... But the lifestyle and the attitude is not really me . " George 's biggest problem is n't his desolation , however . He 's been diagnosed with a leukemia-like terminal disease , prompting him to get back to his roots and do more stand-up comedy . Along the way , he hires struggling comedian Ira Wright , played by Rogen , to pen jokes for him and act as his personal assistant . Despite hurling an occasional insult at Ira , George learns to trust his new , eager-to-please sidekick . The feeling is n't always mutual . Ira is forced to adapt to his boss ' constant mood swings , erratic behavior as he deals with the fear of dying and deep regret at losing Laura  Leslie Mann  , the only woman he ever loved . However , Ira does earn a steady paycheck -- and gets a taste of show business . Rogen , who says he would n't be in comedy if he never saw Sandler 's movies while he was growing up , says "  Funny People " paints an accurate picture of the ups and downs of comedians who are just starting out . "  It 's an incredibly realistic representation , " Rogen says . "  Those scenes where you 're backstage at the comedy club and you 're all sitting around pitching jokes to each other . It 's exactly like that . " Apatow , who performed stand-up comedy earlier in his career , says , "  It is an ode to stand-up . I 've always been a crazy fan of stand-up comedians . Jonathan Winters ... Don Rickles , things like that . " Apatow , who knows he 's taking a risk with "  Funny People 's " mix of light and darkness , made a wisecrack about his hopes for the film at the Los Angeles premiere . "  Well , I think there 's 10 movies that are going to be up for best picture this year , and we definitely are shooting for No. 16 , " he says . The cast also took some risks , performing stand-up in front of live audiences for the film -- and , occasionally , watching their jokes fall flat . Hill says he had never done stand-up before and calls the experience "  terrifying . " "  It can be brutal out there , " Rogen adds . Sandler , the most seasoned comedian by far , remembers his first days onstage and can relate . "  It 's all about your last set , " he recalls . "  If I did good Wednesday ... all day Thursday , I was in a good mood . "  Then Thursday night comes around and I go onstage and if I did bad , Friday was a miserable time for everyone . "	Adam Sandler and Seth Rogen star in Judd Apatow 's "  Funny People " Film presents "  realistic representation " of comedians ' lives , Rogen says Sandler plays lonely movie star ; he says he 's not much like character in real life
President Barack Obama is the first American president known to have authorized the assassination of a US citizen . On September 30 , 2011 , Anwar al-Awlaki , a U.S. citizen by virtue of his birth in New Mexico in 1971 , was killed by an American drone in Yemen along with another U.S. citizen , Samir Khan , who grew up in New York City and Charlotte , North Carolina . Al-Awlaki had played an operational role in al Qaeda 's affiliate in Yemen , al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula -- for instance , tasking the "  underwear bomber , " Umar Farouk AbdulMutallab , to bring down an American airliner over the United States . AbdulMutallab attempted to bring down Northwest Flight 253 over Detroit on Christmas Day 2009 , but luckily his underwear bomb did n't detonate correctly . Khan had played more of a supporting role for AQAP as the editor of the group 's online magazine , Inspire , which has inspired a number of terrorists , including the two brothers suspected of bombing the Boston Marathon last year . The killings of two American citizens by a U.S. drone without a judicial process caused considerable outrage on both the left and the right . Since then there has been far more public discussion of the secretive drone program , both by U.S. government officials , including President Obama , and at public hearings about drones in Congress . But will al-Awlaki and Khan be the last Americans to die in a U.S. drone strike ? U.S. officials are now debating whether to kill with a drone another American citizen who is part of al Qaeda and believed to be plotting attacks against the United States , a senior U.S. official tells CNN . The Associated Press first reported this development but is withholding the name of the targeted individual . There has been speculation but no confirmation about who the individual might be . At least a couple of other American citizens or permanent residents are known to play important roles in al Qaeda today . One name that has been mentioned in media reports is that of California-born Adam Gadahn , who for the past decade has operated as a leading al Qaeda propagandist . In 2006 Gadahn was the first American charged with treason in more than half a century . However , there is , at least so far , no public information that Gadahn has played an operational role in al Qaeda 's terrorist plots , and therefore it is unlikely that he would be placed on a "  kill list , " unless his role in al Qaeda has changed of late from propagandist to operational planner . According to a senior U.S. administration official , Gadahn is not the subject of the ongoing high-level discussions about whether a new name should be added to the kill list . In a letter to the Senate Judiciary Committee in May 2013 , U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder laid out the legal rationale the government uses to determine if an American citizen can be killed in a drone strike . In the letter , Holder said that based on Supreme Court decisions during World War II , merely being an American citizen does not make one "  immune from being targeted . " Holder also asserted that an American who poses an "  imminent threat of violent attack against the United States " and is in a location where capture "  is not feasible " could be killed . Holder explained that al-Awlaki "  plainly satisfied all these conditions " as he had recruited the underwear bomber and instructed him to blow up an U.S. airliner "  when it was over American soil . " Al-Awlaki was also killed in a remote part of Yemen where a U.S. ground operation to capture him was deemed unfeasible by the Obama administration . There is a certain irony in Holder 's legal reasoning . The FBI was monitoring al-Awlaki 's e-mail account for years before he was killed . To monitor his e-mail , the FBI had to get a court order . Yet the decision to target al-Awlaki for death was made without any kind of judicial proceeding . As Vicki Divoll , a former assistant general counsel for the CIA , nicely put it a year before al-Awlaki was killed in the drone strike , "  Awlaki 's right to privacy exceeds his right to life . " Khan was killed in the same drone strike that killed al-Awlaki , but according to a senior U.S. official , that was unintentional and was merely a byproduct of Khan traveling in the same car as al-Awlaki when the drone strike occurred . In sum , Khan 's role as the editor of Inspire magazine was not enough to put him on a kill list . When it comes to targeting a U.S. citizen for death , American officials , by their own account , will make particular efforts to determine how dangerous an al Qaeda operative that person really is . In the eyes of many Americans , however , a decision to kill one of their own should also be subject to judicial review .	Peter Bergen : U.S. officials reported to be considering targeting an American citizen He says Obama authorized killing of Anwar al-Awlaki by U.S. drone in Yemen Attorney general said U.S. citizens are n't immune to attack , put forth criteria for these cases Bergen : Many Americans would argue such a decision requires review by courts
Washington  CNN  -- Former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush 's opposition to President Obama 's executive action on deportations puts him in the uncomfortable position of running counter to policy moves taken by both his father and his brother during their presidencies . It 's the latest example of the complications Bush has faced on the immigration issue as he considers a 2016 presidential run . Bush has long drawn criticism from conservatives for his more moderate positions on reform , including his support for a pathway to citizenship for those here illegally . His Friday statement on Obama 's executive action to protect nearly 5 million immigrants from deportation was nuanced , taking aim only at the tactic , not the ultimate effect . "  President Obama 's ill-advised unilateral action on illegal immigration undermines all efforts to forge a permanent solution to this crisis . Action must come in the form of bipartisan comprehensive reform passed through Congress , " Bush said . He later tweeted that the move was "  an abuse of power . " But both Presidents George H.W. Bush and his son used similar unilateral action to protect immigrants from the threat of deportation under similar circumstances . In 2001 President George W. Bush extended protections to as many as 150,000 Salvadorans in the United States illegally . And the elder Bush implemented a "  Family Fairness " policy to allow an estimated 1.5 million close family members of newly legalized immigrants under the sweeping 1986 immigration reform measure to avoid deportation while they applied for legal status . Those moves were used by Democrats to defend the legality of Obama 's executive action . And Julie Myers Wood , a former George W. Bush administration official who wrote a memo arguing for prosecutorial discretion on deportations , admitted that there was some hypocrisy from Republicans in opposition to this move . "  I think there 's a lot of hypocrisy on both sides , " she told CNN , "  but certainly prosecutorial discretion has been a longstanding policy . " She said , however , Obama 's move was unique because of "  the broadness of the scope and the lack of individualized assessments , " and because Obama was expanding access to work permits . Wood echoed Jeb Bush 's concern over the tactic used to solve the problem , saying that while she "  actually liked the result that we 're getting ... it 's an odd way to do it . " But she also acknowledged the President was running out of options to solve the problem . "  What was the President to do ? " Wood asked . She added : "  This needed to be done . It 's a pretty broken system . "	Jeb Bush hammered Obama for unilateral action , but past Bush presidents have done similar George H.W. Bush , son both gave relief to undocumented during their presidencies Former Bush administration official says there 's "  hypocrisy " from both parties on the issue
CNN  -- Let 's give praise where praise is due . Invisible Children 's Kony 2012 viral video campaign has done what no other advocacy organization has been able to do until now : capture 29 minutes worth of attention from over 50 million people worldwide . No amount of advertising genius from "  Mad Men " could create that kind of buzz in a few days . In less than a week , Invisible Children  IC  has cemented the legitimacy of social media for global engagement if the Arab Spring had n't already . But the problem is , as many have pointed out , it is the wrong conversation and wrong buzz . Which is just too bad because this campaign has the makings of what could have been a truly transformational development communication experiment . In two weeks , IC will have millions of dollars ; you will have a t-shirt and bracelet ; and Uganda and Central Africa will be left wondering what just happened . As we saw in the case of the Arab Spring social media-accelerated uprising , the agents of the conversation were those directly affected by the cause du jour - which at the time was to oust decades-long dictatorial rule . Instead , what we have here is a narrowly-focused fund-raising campaign where one organization inserts itself as the agent of change to a foreign travesty against humanity . Once again , let me be clear , there 's nothing wrong with bringing attention to the issue . It 's how it was done that I lament . In a few weeks , this breathless enthusiasm will be for naught . Read also : ` Kony 2012 ' viral video raises questions about filmmakers Had we all more compassion , more empathy for global atrocities , the daily videos of sniper fire and innocents being killed from Syria would have moved us by now to say "  do something . " But they have n't . Why ? Because no one has invaded our Facebook time line demanding we watch a 30-minute Hollywood production simplifying the issue for us . It is an indictment on what moves us to act . What does it say about our capacity to care when we are barely moved by video shot on shaky cellphone cameras of innocent people being slaughtered , but we suddenly get a collective conscious because of a slick Hollywood production documenting a 25-year-old issue on the decline . More children die of malaria , diarrhea , and nodding disease in northern Uganda on a daily basis than the monthly average of Kony 's 25 years of killing . Where 's the slick viral video for those children ? The advent of social media brought so many unheard voices to the fore , and with that voice came self-actualization . Many communities realized that they have inherent agency to be their own saviors . Kony 2012 missed a grand opportunity to empower these voices to realize the power within themselves to change their situation and surroundings . Instead , it trotted out the same tired line about Africa . Torture , rape , conscription ; tent poles for the single , sad story on Africa that Western society has come to accept . But by God we are so much more than the sum of our failures . Profile : Joseph Kony : Brutal warlord who shocked world The charity missed an opportunity to empower the many Ugandan and Central African voices newly visible with the advent of mobile technology and social media tools on the continent . Instead of enjoining us to work together to amplify pressure on our governing bodies to address security and development holes , IC has taken the initiative to proposition an outside agency to do it for us . How are we ever going to awaken to our civil responsibility to demand more from our sitting governments if we are lulled into a dependency state for every civil service we should rightly expect from our governments ? The attention is on the wrong audience , for the wrong message , using the wrong messenger . I would have welcomed an opportunity for IC to partner with those of us visible and empowered to drive the conversation to its rightful audience , therein instilling a permanent sense of strong civic responsibility that is the basis of all modern societies . If I can take anything good from this , it is that I hope this visibility provided by IC will usher those of us Ugandans engaged in this conversation to realize we have a right to exercise our agency when we are called to do so . And when we do galvanize around an agenda that we set , that we are wise enough to partner with individuals that can accelerate that message . The opinions expressed are solely those of TMS Ruge .	Invisible Children 's "  Kony 2012 " cemented the legitimacy of social media for global engagement , says TMS Ruge But the World Bank social media strategist says the film created "  wrong conversation and wrong buzz " . Film told same story about Africa and failed to empower locals to change the situation , argues TMS Ruge . Ruge expects the Ugandans engaged in this conversation to realize that they have a right to exercise their agency .
Saugus , Massachusetts  CNN  -- The image is still vivid after 65 years . Bob Attubato and his fellow sixth-grade classmates rushed to the window just in time to see a crippled twin-engine bomber trailing smoke and flames over their school . "  Suddenly , we heard this unearthly sound coming over the school , " Attubato recalled . "  It just reverberated through the building . " As the class stood there and watched , the plane 's wing and engine broke off and it disappeared from view . A loud explosion followed . Attubato later learned that the pilot , Army Air Force Maj. Doak Weston stayed with the B-25 until it crashed on a nearby golf course , giving his five-man crew time to bail out and missing nearby homes . The event faded with time , but Attubato never forgot that day . He and others campaigned to honor the heroic pilot . One of these was Dave Paquin , whose father was one of the surviving crew members . Sgt. Frederic Paquin parachuted from the burning plane that day , landing in a tree . Dave Paquin said his father used to joke about that being the only tree he climbed down that he never climbed up . Paquin 's father died 15 years ago , but he still feels a debt of gratitude to Weston . "  My father owes his life to him , " he said . Recently , the mayor of Melrose , Massachusetts -- where Weston 's plane crashed on the golf course -- agreed to honor the pilot 's heroism . "  In Massachusetts , we have many great historic events and some for whatever reason just get passed by , " Melrose Mayor Robert Dolan said . "  I just could n't imagine that this individual does n't have some remembrance for what he has done . " On September 24 , 2010 -- 65 years to the day of the accident -- the city held a ceremony on the eighth tee at the Mt. Hood Golf Club in Melrose , overlooking the site of the crash . Aside from the occasional golf cart passing by , it is a quiet , peaceful spot . At the conclusion of the service , Dolan lifted a sheet off a small stone engraved with the names of Weston and the crew he saved . Helping him to unveil the monument was Michael Weston , who was only 3 when his father died . He was overwhelmed by the city 's gratitude . "  I 'm just very impressed , " he said . "  It 's just made me very happy . " Weston traveled with his family from California to attend the service . Until coming to Melrose , he said , they never had a full appreciation of what Doak Weston had done or what his sacrifice meant to this community . Weston graciously accepted the thanks given to him by the veterans and residents who lined up after the service to shake his hand . He said he knows their gratefulness is really directed at his father . They want to honor the memory of a man who gave his life for others . Michael Weston has the same feelings towards the father he never really knew . "  There are lots of people who follow that instinct to do the right thing for their fellow man , " he said . "  That 's what he stood for to me . "	Maj. Doak Weston piloted a B-25 as it went down north of Boston , Massachusetts He stayed with the plane until it crashed , avoiding buildings and allowing his crew to bail Witnesses and survivors rallied to have Weston 's sacrifice honored A ceremony was held at the crash site , 65 years to the day after the crash
Brisbane  CNN  Bras hang from the antlers of a pair of moose heads above the bar inside an old music hall . Dim red light shines on classic leather booths . You push through a crowd dancing to a live rockabilly band and head to the toilet , tipsy . Then something weird happens -- you exit the washroom and find yourself in a different bar . The early 1900s dance hall with chandeliers has vanished . Suddenly , you 're in a whimsical bar with a pirate serving drinks . No , you have n't had too much to drink and the washroom is n't a passageway through a time-space continuum . You 've simply stepped into the maritime-themed Mermaid Bar . Inside Lefty 's Old Time Music Hall , the Mermaid Bar is an example of the latest nightlife trend in Brisbane -- hidden bars . Sultry old days "  We actually did n't mean to turn the Mermaid into a secret bar , " says Mick Dwyer , general manager of Lefty 's . "  We were just lazy and did n't publicize it . " The story behind the hidden bar takes in a bit of sultry local history . Before Lefty 's moved in , the building was occupied by the Velvet Cigar , a longtime strip club . Jamie Webb , owner of local restaurant Peasant and Cabiria , took over the place and renovated it , preserving some of the old establishment 's bawdy touches . "  We loved the mirror too much to take it down , " says Webb , referring to the long mirror that still runs the length of one wall . "  It used to be in front of the dance floor for the girls , but we turned the dance floor into booths . " "  If you look at the floor , you can still see some of the holes where dancing poles used to be , " says Dwyer . A list of prices for services rendered by different girls still hangs inside the toilet . The bar counter upstairs is where customers once paid for extra services from dancers before entering a small room  now the Mermaid Bar , which sells beer in cans  . Mermaid Bar : Secret escape "  There are actually three entrances to the Mermaid Bar , " says Webb of the hidden bar . "  It 's my favorite place . It 's a lot of loud fun out there at Lefty 's sometimes , and the Mermaid is like my escape . " The small Mermaid is bright , with light shining through the windows . Sharks hang from the ceiling and paintings of mermaids adorn the walls . People love the Mermaid for different reasons . "  Some like the bartender dressed up as a pirate , " says Dwyer . "  Some say it 's the cannon on the pirate ship model behind the bar . " That pirate bartender , Dean Moready , says the apple rum made from fresh-pressed apple juice is the real crowd-pleaser . About those bras on the moose antlers While the Mermaid is a rum bar , Lefty 's is a whiskey bar -- each has about 100 varieties of rum or whiskey , and a food menu . Three bands usually perform each night at Lefty 's and the bar always gets busy after 9 p.m. . So what 's up with the bras on the moose heads ? "  I once dared a customer on a hen night to sling a bra to the horn to win a free shot , " says Webb . "  She did and it has become a tradition ever since . " "  We have a strict bra-only policy . " Lefty 's Old Time Music Hall and Mermaid Bar , 15 Caxon St. , Brisbane , Australia ; daily 5 p.m.-3 a.m. ; +61 555 9447539 More hidden Brisbane bars The Mermaid is one of a handful of secrets bars in Brisbane . It only takes a willingness to push past a few unmarked doors to find more secret drinking holes scattered around the city . Walrus A bar at a famed historic hotel -- how secret can that be ? Turns out the airy courtyard bar in the landmark Regatta Hotel is just a smokescreen for the Walrus , the secret bar hidden beneath it . An unassuming doorway that looks like the entry to a basement storeroom is marked with just a small sign hinting that something grander might exist behind it . "  It really was a storeroom , " says a manager at the Walrus . "  We have been hoping to make use of the space , but it was n't until after the big flood in 2011 that we renovated the place into an underground bar . " The bar has a few treasures -- apart from it 's spiced house rum -- including rare Black Tot Last consignment rum  A$ 250 per shot  and a handful of bottles of Appleton Estate 50-year-old Jamaica Independence Reserve Rum . Regatta Hotel , 543 Coronation Drive , Toowong , Brisbane , Australia ; daily 5 p.m. till late ; +61 7 3870 9595 Cobbler Though you might have difficulty finding it , the Cobbler really is on Browning Street . Apart from a street number , however , there 's no sign outside to indicate its presence . Curtains shield the loft-style Cobbler from the street , but brush past these and you 'll find a spectacular drink library downstairs , and an upstairs room featuring graffiti on walls and sofas . Warning : it can sometimes take a while for drinks to come while the bartenders juggle bottles and chat with regulars . Cobbler Bar , 7 Browning St. , West End , Brisbane , Australia ; Monday 5 p.m.-midnight , Tuesday-Thursday and Sunday , 4 p.m.-midnight Friday 1 p.m.-midnight , Saturday 3 p.m.-midnight ; +61 430 217 621 Bar inside Kwan Brothers Kwan Brothers is a hip restaurant in the trendy suburb of Fortitude Valley that serves Asian street food-inspired dishes . After chowing on pork bao bao  pork buns  and pineapple fried rice , you 're ready for a drink . Step through a sliding door at the rear of the restaurant and you 'll find a little publicized bar that 's dark and cozy . Kwan Brothers , 43 Alfred St. , Fortitude Valley , Brisbane , Australia ; Monday-Thursday noon-3 p.m. , 5-11 p.m. , Friday-Sunday noon-11 p.m. ; bar open till late ; +61 7 3251 6588	A door in the washroom of Lefty 's Old Time Music Hall in Brisbane , Australia , leads to a completely different bar Lefty 's stocks about 100 whiskies , the Mermaid Bar has about 100 rums Other secret bars in Brisbane are found beneath the Regatta Hotel and behind Kwan Brothers restaurant
CNN  -- World governing body FIFA has had just two presidents in 40 years and current incumbent Sepp Blatter has given his strongest indication yet that he wants to extend that record further . The Swiss has been in charge since 1998 , when Brazilian Joao Havelange ended his 24-year reign . Prior to being elected unopposed for a fourth term in 2011 , Blatter -- who turns 78 next month -- said he would stand down in 2015 . Yet an interview with Swiss radio on Friday shows that he has had a change of heart ahead of next year 's elections . "  If I have the health -- and currently I am in good health -- I do n't see why I should stop the work , " Blatter told the public station RTS . "  FIFA needs consolidation . Many people say it needs to be continued . " "  I will not shout ` I 'm a candidate ' but if the member associations ask me , I will not say no . " As with any potential candidate , Blatter -- who started working for FIFA as a Technical Director in 1975 -- needs the support of five national associations to be eligible to stand for election . He has previously spoken of a desire to fulfill his mission , as he looks to secure his legacy . Widely criticized for controversial comments about racism and FIFA 's handling of the bidding process to stage both the 2018 and 2022 World Cups , Blatter will point to having taken the tournament to Africa in 2010 and to the Middle East in eight years ' time as among his greatest successes . So far , only Blatter 's former aide Jerome Champagne has thrown his hat into the ring for the elections in June 2015 . The Frenchman , who served as FIFA 's deputy Secretary General between 2002 and 2005 , announced his candidature in London last month . At the time , he said he was not sure he could beat Blatter should his former boss decide to run but Champagne refused to comment when contacted by CNN on Friday . UEFA president Michel Platini , a former France international , has also been widely tipped to run for office but a man who Blatter described in 2012 as "  ready " to succeed him has yet to reveal his hand . FIFA followers speculated last October about whether Blatter was set to stand again after he said that both Africa and Asia deserved more representation at the 32-team World Cup . "  It can not be that the European and South American confederations lay claim to the majority of the berths at the World Cup  18 or 19 teams  , because taken together they account for significantly fewer member associations  63  than Africa and Asia  100  , " he wrote . With each of FIFA 's 209 member associations holding one vote , such comments were construed by some as a bid to curry favor with two sizable voting blocs . They came in the same month as Jeffrey Webb , the head of the Confederation of North , Central American and Caribbean Association Football  CONCACAF  , ruled himself out of contention for football 's most important job . Blatter , who will be 78 in March , was elected unopposed for a fourth term in 2011 after his rival Mohamed Bin Hammam withdrew his candidacy after being accused of attempting to buy votes -- a charge he was later cleared of . He is only the eighth president in the history of FIFA , an organization that was founded in 1904 .	FIFA President Sepp Blatter says he is prepared to bid for a fifth term 77-year-old will stand for re-election if backed by member associations Swiss has been in charge of FIFA since 1998
CNN  -- From Morocco to the foothills of the Himalayas , the call for revenge echoes across the internet . Online forums associated with al Qaeda overflow with eulogies for Osama bin Laden , and with declarations that global jihad will continue . Even Facebook groups have emerged to mourn the demise of the world 's most wanted man . Al Qaeda 's affiliates across the Muslim world have published effusive tributes to bin Laden and pledged support for al Qaeda "  central . " The Islamic State of Iraq made a point of pledging loyalty to bin Laden 's deputy , Ayman al-Zawahiri : "  May Allah increase your reward and may Allah grant you the best consolation in this calamity , " the group declared . Along with the condolences have come threats , both vague and specific . In a message posted on the Shumukh al-Islam forum and translated by the SITE Institute  a U.S.-based group which monitors jihadist sites  , one contributor wrote : "  We declare that all American interests , wherever they may be , are legitimate targets for the mujahideen , and the interests of the NATO countries as well , because they are one alliance . " The leader of Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula -- the most active of the group 's franchises , warned Americans : "  You have to fight another generation in the wake of another , until your life is ruined , your days are disturbed and you face disgrace . " There have also been calls in jihadist forums for al Qaeda to revive its experiments with weapons of mass destruction . The SITE Institute translated one such appeal on the Shumukh al-Islam forum : "  We want to manufacture soman , ricin , mustard gas and VX nerve gas , " it declared . But there have also been calls for more basic attacks . "  Go out at night in a targeted infidel compound with thirty canisters and a phone , " read one . Some want immediate retribution . A contributor calling himself Abu Suleiman al Nasser wrote : "  We direct the supporters of jihad to the necessity of taking immediate action , " he wrote , according to SITE . "  We will not be content but with tens of casualties , if not hundreds , if not thousands , " wrote another . But there are also appeals for careful planning . Hussein bin Mahmoud , a frequent contributor to jihadist websites , wrote on May 2 : "  We do not want operations here and there for vengeance ; we want specific operations that are planned with wisdom and patience . " So much for aspirations . In its only statement since bin Laden 's death , al Qaeda issued familiar threats -- to the leadership of Pakistan and the people and interests of the United States . The Pakistani Taliban , in a show of solidarity , also declared President Asif Ali Zardari of Pakistan its No. 1 target . Perhaps no idle warning : Pakistan blamed a senior al Qaeda figure for planning a bomb attack that nearly killed then-President Gen. Pervez Musharraf , at the end of 2003 . And the Pakistani Taliban has assassinated many senior Pakistani officials . Most analysts concur that al Qaeda wants to launch a large-scale attack to prove its resilience and rally supporters . But that 's easier said than done . Al Qaeda "  central " has spent much of the past decade on the defensive -- deflated by the loss of senior leaders , the drone campaign in the Afghanistan-Pakistan border area and a withering bank balance . Some Europeans who went to wage jihad in recent years told of being asked for money by their hosts , having to purchase their weapons and being on the run from one mountain refuge to another . CNN Terrorism Analyst Paul Cruickshank , who studied their experiences for the New America Foundation , wrote that one Belgian-French group "  was trained inside small mountain shacks , away from the all-seeing eyes of the drones . The loss of an increasing number of operatives prompted an order from al-Qaeda 's top command that fighters remain inside as much as possible , " according to Walid Othmani , a French recruit . Better intelligence has made it more difficult to launch coordinated attacks in the United States and Europe . In the last decade , U.S. surveillance of would-be jihadists , and their movements in and out of the country , has improved dramatically - as shown by the arrest and conviction of conspirators such as Najibullah Zazi , Bryant Neal Vinas and others . Similarly , cells in Europe have been broken up -- especially in Belgium , Germany , Spain and Denmark . The last major attack attributed to al Qaeda sympathizers was the London subway bombings in 2005 . So al Qaeda may look for other targets . Mario Mancuso was deputy assistant secretary of defense for special operations and counterterrorism during the Bush administration . "  The U.S. homeland is relatively harder now , logistically , " he said . "  My chief worry at the moment is the Saudi and Gulf oilfields . Energy security has been a principal rationale for U.S. involvement in the region . "  Such an attack would be highly symbolic , practically significant , and logistically easier " than trying to mount an attack in the United States , said Mancuso . An attack on oil sources would fit with al Qaeda 's long-held belief that the U.S. economy is vulnerable . "  Just as it claimed credit for bringing down the Soviet Union because of the cost it imposed on the Soviets for invading Afghanistan , it has the aim of bringing us to our knees economically , " Mancuso said . Sabotaging Gulf oil exports would also fit with al Qaeda 's core goals . In 2004 , bin Laden urged supporters : "  Be active and prevent them from reaching the oil , and mount your operations accordingly , particularly in Iraq and the Gulf . " It became known as al Qaeda 's "  bleed until bankruptcy " strategy . Since bin Laden 's death , jihadist forums have talked of attacks on shipping in the Strait of Hormuz at the tip of the Gulf , and in the Suez Canal . There are precedents . In the last year , al Qaeda has launched several attacks on oil installations and pipelines in Yemen . In October 2002 , a suicide attack by a small boat on the French tanker Limburg , off the coast of Yemen , left one crew member dead and 90,000 barrels of oil in the Gulf of Aden . And in February 2006 , militants in vehicles loaded with explosives tried to break through the gates of the Abqaiq oil refinery in eastern Saudi Arabia . However , Saudi intelligence has been successful in subduing al Qaeda cells in the kingdom in recent years , while security at oil refineries and pumping stations has been reinforced . For the United States , there remains the threat from "  lone wolf " radicals , enraged by bin Laden 's assassination but with little in the way of training and infrastructure to carry out an attack on the scale of 9/11 . Faisal Shahzad 's attempt to explode a car bomb in New York 's Times Square a year ago is the most obvious recent example of such an attack . That 's the foremost concern of the FBI and Department of Homeland Security , which issued a bulletin to law enforcement saying bin Laden 's death "  is likely to provide motivation for Homeland attacks , particularly from like-minded , ideologically focused lone offenders ... unburdened by organizational constraints . " So far , as information from the Abbottabad compound is analyzed , no concrete plots to the United States have emerged . But according to one document recovered in February 2010 , al Qaeda had discussed derailing trains in the U.S. . Such a modest objective compared to the 9/11 attacks may be an acknowledgment of the group 's tougher surroundings -- and a sign that al Qaeda is moving toward attacks focused on causing maximum disruption and economic cost . The Yemeni cleric Anwar al Awlaki has championed this approach . Last year , al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula -- in its online magazine ` Inspire ' -- boasted of spending just $ 4,000 in an effort to bring down U.S.-bound cargo planes by hiding PETN explosive in printers . Assassinations may also play a greater role . In 2009 , an attempt to kill the Saudi security chief , Prince Muhammed bin Nayef , using a suicide bomber with PETN in his underwear , came within feet of achieving its aim . A few months later , a suicide bomber killed seven CIA employees at a base in Khost . Whatever the future brings , it is likely al Qaeda 's plans will be more difficult to track . In the past 10 years it has spawned cells active from Casablanca to Java -- thriving wherever the authority of the state is absent and the territory remote . Al Qaeda ideologue Abu Musab al-Suri once said : "  Al Qaeda is not an organization , nor do we want it to be . It is a call , a reference . " Counter-terrorism analysts say that operationally , al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula , strengthened by some veteran Saudi jihadists , may now pose a greater threat than al Qaeda central . In Somalia , al Qaeda affiliate Shabaab has taken advantage of anarchy ; in the Sahel , al Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb has made money from smuggling and possibly drug-trafficking . Some analysts say it may have used the proceeds to acquire sophisticated weapons such as shoulder-launched ground-to-air missiles . There is also growing evidence that Salafist cells have established themselves in the Gaza Strip . Add to this the risk that al Qaeda and other Salafist groups , after being bypassed by the largely secular nature of the Arab Spring , will try to take advantage of new instability in Arab states . The likely heir to bin Laden , Ayman al Zawahiri , has already spoken at length about such opportunities , focusing on his native Egypt . In Iraq , al Qaeda  whose animosity toward Shiite Muslims almost matches its hatred of the West  has already shown it will take drastic steps to inflame Sunni-Shiite tensions by attacking shrines and religious festivals . Growing tensions in Bahrain and the Shia-populated provinces of eastern Saudi Arabia could provide openings . Al Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb has already warned of the struggle to come against "  Shi'ites and the apostates and their men so that Allah will judge between us and them . " For now , al Qaeda 's core leadership is probably focused on survival , anxious that the "  treasure trove " of Abbottabad might give away its refuges and tactics . But , says Mancuso , "  the succession dynamic itself may fuel the urgency of a spectacular attack . There may even be regional competition to do this , so bin Laden 's demise might make al Qaeda more dangerous structurally . "	Better intelligence has made an attack on U.S. or Europe more difficult Sabotaging Saudi and Gulf oilfields would fit with al Qaeda 's core goals Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula may be a greater threat now , some say Salafist groups may want to take advantage of instability from recent uprisings
BRADDOCK , Pennsylvania  CNN  -- What happens when business and government turn their collective back on a town and just walk away ? Braddock , Pennsylvania , is what happens . Braddock , Pennsylvania , has suffered since the steel mills went out of business in the 1970s and 1980s . When steel was king , the population of Braddock surged to more than 20,000 people . With its proximity to Pittsburgh and its location on the Monongahela River , it was an ideal location for a steel town . When steel mills began closing in the 1970s and 1980s , Braddock was not immune . In 1982 , Braddock 's main mill , the Carrie Furnace , closed its doors , putting thousands of people out of work . Throughout the 1980s and 1990s , residents left the town seeking work in other parts of Pennsylvania . The 2000 census put the population of Braddock at 2,900 , but it has dropped further , according to residents . Home prices have plummeted and real estate is as inexpensive as $ 6,000 for a single-family house . Historic pictures show a polished downtown and a bustling community . Now , most businesses have closed their doors , leaving only a handful to serve the community . A drive down Braddock Avenue , the main street , indicates the town has seen the bottom . The avenue is lined with crumbling offices and stores , boarded windows and empty lots where buildings once stood . But there is hope in the town . In 2005 , Braddock elected John Fetterman by one vote as its mayor . He is originally from York , Pennsylvania , and has lived in the area of Braddock for eight years . He has an MBA from Harvard and started a program that helped dislocated youth from the area receive their high school equivalency degrees . At 6 feet 8 inches and 325 pounds , he is an imposing figure . He chooses to dress in Dr Martens boots , baggy jeans and Dickies short-sleeved shirts because he feels he is able to connect with the people better dressed that way . He shaves his head and has a goatee . Possibly the most intimidating aspects of Fetterman 's appearance are his tattoos , clearly visible on his forearms , including the numbers 15104 , the town 's ZIP code . Watch as the mayor talks about his revitalization plan " When asked if he thinks the town is at rock bottom , Fetterman replies , "  I do n't believe that it 's the bottom in the sense that this is a bad place . This is what can happen when you turn your back on a community . " Since he was elected , Fetterman has made it his mission to give Braddock a prosperous future . He has given incentives to businesses to relocate to his town . The main incentive is large manufacturing space at a fraction of the cost in a normal market . A company that converts diesel engines into vegetable-oil burning engines , Fossil Free Fuel , relocated to Braddock from Allen , Pennsylvania . "  The initial building was about 14,000 square feet and supposedly the asking price was $ 25,000 . And we were like how do you get so much space for so little money ? " said David Rosenstraus , one of the owners of Fossil Free Fuel . "  I think for a very small business like us , not having very much capital to work with building a shop , and investments going into tools and things inside the shop , -LSB- we -RSB- would be spread thin if we had to pay a lot for the actual building . " On the site where the Carrie Furnace steel mill building still stands , the county plans to convert the contaminated land into commercial and residential space . Allegheny County executive Dan Onorato is driving this plan , "  We do n't look at this like a liability . We see some potential here . We can take back 147 acres , take back the riverfront and make this a viable spot again . But you have to invest public money into the infrastructure to make that happen . It wo n't happen on its own . For example , this place closed 25 years ago , it 's still here . The public sector has to come in and invest . " Braddock still has many obstacles to overcome , but Fetterman believes that it 's possible to grow , "  I 'd like to see Braddock move towards -- continue to move towards -- a safer place that is moving towards better outcomes for everybody . "	Braddock , Pennsylvania , thrived as a steel town Thousands of people left after mills shut down Mayor trying to use incentives to bring business back to area Real estate prices are incredibly low , enticing some to move to town
EW.com  -- Break out the bubbly and avoid the questionable meat : "  Bridesmaids " is officially the most in-demand movie available on video-on-demand  or VOD  . The Oscar-nominated comedy has racked up 4.8 million rentals in just over four months , according to Rentrak  via a Universal Pictures release  , which adds up to over $ 24 million in VOD grosses . When you factor in VOD over the Internet , pay-per-view cable , viewing in hotels , and paid digital downloads  i.e. electronic sell through  , "  Bridesmaids " has amassed $ 40 million in domestic grosses for viewings that were n't from DVD or Blu-ray . Those traditional formats still account for the lion 's share of the film 's home video market -- Universal says the film 's taken in over $ 100 million in DVD and Blu-ray sales . But for an industry anxious to know whether the VOD market will prove to be a viable revenue source for the future , this is most welcome news indeed . "  Bridesmaids " grossed $ 169 million over its domestic theatrical run . See the full article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  Bridesmaids " has racked up 4.8 million rentals in just over four months According to Rentrak , this adds up to over $ 24 million in VOD grosses "  Bridesmaids " grossed $ 169 million over its domestic theatrical run
CNN  -- Adam Levine has pulled a musical coup on "  The Voice . " The Maroon 5 frontman has proudly welcomed legend Stevie Nicks to his "  team " on the NBC singing reality competition . " #TeamAdam , welcome the incredible Stevie Nicks as your Season 7 advisor ! " said a post on "  The Voice 's " Instagram July 9 . One of NBC 's most popular shows , "  The Voice " regularly updates its roster of celebrity talent . After starting off with Christina Aguilera , Blake Shelton , Cee Lo Green and Levine as its quad of mentors , recent seasons have also featured Usher and Shakira in those spinning red chairs . For season 7 , which will launch in the fall , the coaching lineup will be Levine and Shelton along with new mentors Gwen Stefani and Pharrell Williams . The job of the coaches is to build teams of singers with the hope of picking the "  Voice " that will win it all ; the job of an adviser like Nicks is to help out during rehearsals and offer expertise to the competitors . And the Fleetwood Mac songstress is no stranger to the show ; back in Season 1 , she sang a duet of "  Landslide " with eventual winner Javier Colon . "  I just think it 's a great show , " Nicks told "  Extra " of her new gig . "  And I know  Adam Levine  would never still be sitting here seven years later if this was n't a great show . " But how did Levine pull off getting a great like Nicks ? "  Bribery , begging , pleading , " Levine joked with "  Extra . " "  Lot of gifts ... Anything she wanted . " The seventh season of "  The Voice " will premiere September 22 on NBC . Christie McVie to tour with Fleetwood Mac	Stevie Nicks has joined Adam Levine 's team on "  The Voice " She 'll serve as his adviser in Season 7 Nicks : "  I just think it 's a great show "
CNN  -- With Rory McIlroy , the world 's second-ranked golfer , and defending champion Luke Donald not surviving the cut at the PGA Championship , the door was opened for others at the European Tour 's flagship event . Spain 's Alejandro Canizares took advantage , leading at Wentworth in England heading into the final day after registering a four-under 68 to move to nine-under 207 overall . Canizares , whose lone European Tour title came in Russia seven years ago , was forced to skip this month 's China Open after being diagnosed with viral meningitis . "  I 'm not at full strength but it 's working for me , so I 'm not going to complain , " said Canizares , the son of Ryder Cup veteran Jose Maria Canizares . Matteo Manassero of Italy , at 20 bidding to become the youngest winner of the event , and Scotland 's Marc Warren sit tied for third at seven-under , a shot better than Ireland 's Shane Lowry . But it 's the player in second , England 's Lee Westwood , who might fancy his chances Sunday . Westwood , twice a runner-up at Wentworth , a Ryder Cup stalwart and the only member of the top five inside the top 50 in the world rankings , is a single shot behind Canizares . Westwood , who recorded a 67 in the third round , said it would be "  ironic " if he won the title months after moving his family from England to Florida . Although not matching the weather in Florida , Saturday 's conditions were significantly better than chilly Thursday and Friday . "  It would be great and I am after as many wins as I can get , but it 's a crowded leaderboard and I will have to play as well , if not better than I did today , " Westwood said . "  I felt much more in tune with my swing and had a lot better distance and direction control with my irons and set up a lot of chances . "  It was one of the most fun days I have ever had on a golf course . It was good to see a lot more smiling faces and a lot more people prepared to take their hands out of their pockets and applaud . "  I also get great support here but even more so today . " Another golfer that praised the spectators was Spain 's Sergio Garcia . Garcia came under fire this week and issued an apology for his "  fried chicken " jibe . He considered pulling out of the tournament . But Garcia played , made the cut and remains in contention , tied for sixth at five-under . "  The crowds here , I do n't have words to explain what I feel towards them , " Garcia , last a winner on the European Tour in 2011 , said . "  They have been amazing , every single tee , every single green , cheering me on , and I can never pay them back . " Also tied for sixth is the halfway leader , Italian Francesco Molinari , who slumped to a 73 in the third round . Popular Spaniard Miguel Angel Jimenez , the oldest man in the event at 49 , registered a 67 to rise to a tie for 14th at four-under . British Open champion Ernie Els , undone by bogeys on the first and third holes , could only manage a par 72 and fell six shots behind the leader .	Alejandro Canizares leads the PGA Championship heading into the final day Canizares cards a four-under 68 Saturday to lead Lee Westwood by one shot Matteo Manassero trails Canizares by two shots at the European Tour 's flagship event Sergio Garcia , who considered skipping Wentworth , remains in contention
