Port-au-Prince , Haiti  CNN  -- We had not been in Port-au-Prince in a month , not since those horrible days following the earthquake when the city looked like wreckage . The city seemed so upbeat when we arrived Saturday morning on one of the first flights in since commercial airlines resumed service . Musicians wearing Western Union T-shirts greeted us near the hanger that now passes as baggage claim . Next to our hotel , street vendors peddled souvenirs outside a tent city surrounding the presidential palace . But those optimistic signs were eclipsed Sunday night when a torrent of rain poured down on this wounded city where outdoor tent communities have sprouted up in every empty space . Then , just after 4:30 a.m. Monday , an aftershock of magnitude 4.75 shook and shook and finally gave a last forceful jerk before stopping . You could hear the wails on the street , the confused voices of people arguing over whether to stay outside or risk going back in . This one-two punch of natural forces reverberated through the most vulnerable communities . Full coverage of the aftermath of the earthquake in Haiti Ariana Manassero , 17 , raced into the main room of her home following the tremor . Her parents direct the Maison de Lumiere , but the girls ' home is unstable , so Ariana watches over the little ones at her house . They immediately started screaming . "  When is it going to end ? " she asked before spending her day coddling some very traumatized children . Daphne , 4 , clung to Ariana , shaking , acting out , sobbing for no good reason . The big quake on January 12 had rattled a cinder block wall in her play yard , crushing her leg , which now has a cherry red cast . The aftershock left her completely undone . All day , staff members of Maison surveyed the damage to their community . A tent city they helped build across from their school had puddles of water sitting in the "  homes . " Women ran up to the staff asking for food , new tarps and clean water for their children . The same scene unfolded in a nearby ravine whose inhabitants had attended a Sunday morning service at Maison . That day , women from the ravine had come escorting children who 'd been washed with soap and rain water . Singing and laughing had filled the air . By Monday , the heavy rain had soaked their tents where the "  roofs " are made of scarves and sheets . The weather had become a great equalizer , reducing the people and the animals to the same conditions . In one alley , a father bundled a newborn with whatever he could find . In another , a dog cuddled her new puppies . Baby goats foraged for food in the garbage . Chicks picked at droppings . No one had eaten fresh food in a week , and the Maison staff brought baby formula and rice . People pushed aside the dogs , the goats and the chicks and neatly lined up . Sad stories floated around the crowd . A woman who had attended the services had died after the aftershock , her heart suddenly seizing . A missionary worried aloud about a newborn wrapped in plastic whose parents had no formula for the baby 's first five days . The situation only worsened early Tuesday . For the second time in as many days , an earthquake struck in the overnight hours . The magnitude 4.7 aftershock was centered about 20 miles west-southwest of Port-au-Prince . It hit at 1:26 a.m. Tuesday , the U.S. Geological Survey reported . A second smaller quake shook the area a few minutes later . No immediate reports of damage were made , but the aftershock sent frightened people once again out into the bug-filled night . When is this going to end ? It does n't seem like an answerable question . The rain swells the latrines and unearths the sewage . Aftershocks rattle nerves and rearrange piles of debris . People sleeping outside now feel threatened by the rains , but sleeping inside carries the threat of the seemingly never-ending aftershocks . In the food line , the crowd was so quiet for people who looked hungry and faced a long wait . Not much to say when a step forward is followed by a big leap back .	CNN 's Soledad O'Brien and her crew return to Port-au-Prince more than a month after quake At first , they see signs of optimism among the people A torrential rain and sharp aftershocks quickly squelch the new-found hope Misery continues to stalk people who are weary of battling nature 's harsh realties
CNN  Sepp Blatter has issued a defiant message to his rivals for the FIFA presidency and challenged European governing body UEFA to put up a candidate of its own in the election later this year . Blatter , who is seeking a fifth term at the helm of world football 's governing body , told CNN in an exclusive interview that he still had unfinished business and would not step aside without a fight . "  I have to say I have not finished my mission because it 's a mission to be in football . We have started in 2011 with the reform process . The reform process is not over . I would like to have these four years to finish it and to show that football is more than a game . " But FIFA has been mired in controversy since its decision to award the 2018 and 2022 World Cups to Russia and Qatar . Criticism reached a fever pitch when the man hired to investigate the bidding process for those World Cups , U.S. lawyer Michael Garcia , resigned in protest last year , unhappy that the published summary did not accurately reflect his findings . Blatter has faced calls to stand down and although UEFA is yet to declare its official position , he clearly believes they are campaigning behind the scenes to depose him . "  They want to get rid of me , " he told CNN . "  All this opposition is coming now it 's unfortunate to say it , it 's coming from Nyon , from UEFA . They do n't have the courage to come in . "  So let me go  on  - be respectful ! Because in football you learn to win but you also learn to lose . So I 'm going now . If I win the better , if I lose ok ! " A UEFA spokesman told CNN Sunday that they had no immediate comment to make over Blatter 's remarks . Three candidates have so far stated their intention to challenge Blatter ; Frenchman Jerome Champagne , Prince Ali Bin Al Hussein of Jordan and former star footballer David Ginola . All must get the backing of at least five of the 209 member associations of FIFA by a deadline of January 29th to get on the ballot paper for the election on May 29 . Blatter appears unfazed by his likely opponents , with or without another candidate throwing their hat into the ring at this late stage . "  I have been asked by the national associations to be our candidate again because nobody that is strong was in . So I go there , " he said . He also appears to be relishing the fight ahead , despite closing on his 79th birthday in March . "  I 'm now 40 years in FIFA . I 've been the president since 1998 . "  You know it is impossible to make everybody happy . "  If I would have only positive press then it would not be good . And I like criticism as long as the criticism is ... I would say fair criticism . I like the discussion to go with that . But listen I 've been there such a long time now and I just want to finish that , " he added . But perhaps at odds with his other comments , Blatter also called for unity in football , effectively inviting UEFA to put up or shut up . "  Football is a team sport . Let 's go together with the team . I invite the confederation of UEFA and especially the leaders of UEFA that are so bitterly attacking me : join ! Join ! Football is a unity . And we need this unity in this world . " And if he can not find the necessary level of support and extend his tenure as the most powerful in world football , Blatter came up with a surprising choice of new career . "  The day I 'm going to retire the first thing I 'm going to do is radio . I always said I will do radio . "  Because radio is even more popular than television , than all electronics ... I said one day - this was my boy 's wish - to be a radio reporter one day . I do n't know but I 'm not so bad . " The first indication of whether Blatter will be seeking out new horizons may well come on February 7th or 8th , the date he revealed to CNN when FIFA will make public the full list of qualified candidates for the election . "  Anyway , I 'm in and I do n't mind . It 's not my first battle for the presidency . I still have the conviction and I believe in myself and I believe in football , " the Swiss said .	Sepp Blatter seeking fifth term as FIFA president Three men have so far declared against him Blatter challenges UEFA to nominate a candidate for election Wants to work for a radio show if not re-elected
Pittsburgh  CNN  -- An Idaho man who acquaintances say called President Barack Obama "  the anti-Christ " was charged Thursday with trying to assassinate him in a shooting incident outside the White House , federal authorities said . Oscar Ramiro Ortega-Hernandez , 21 , is accused of firing shots at the White House on Friday , including some that hit the building near the residence area where Obama and his family live , according to a complaint document made public after the suspect 's initial court hearing Thursday . One witness described to investigators hearing about "  eight sounds of popping noise " and seeing "  puffs of air " from a car on Constitution Avenue near the White House , an FBI agent 's sworn statement said . Read the complaint against Ortega-Hernandez  PDF One bullet hit a window and was stopped by bulletproof glass , and another was found on the White House exterior , the Secret Service said . Investigators found a semi-automatic rifle , several boxes of ammunition and nine spent shell casings in a car owned by Ortega-Hernandez that was parked several blocks away on the lawn of the National Institute of Peace , the agent 's affidavit said . Ortega-Hernandez was charged with attempted assassination , Assistant U.S. Attorney Jimmy Kitchen said Thursday at the suspect 's initial court hearing in Pittsburgh . The charge carries a possible maximum penalty of life in prison and a $ 250,000 fine . At the brief hearing , Ortega-Hernandez spoke once , answering "  yes , ma'am " when Magistrate Cynthia Eddy asked if he understood what his federal defender had said on his behalf . Eddy agreed with a prosecution request for Ortega-Hernandez to remain in custody . Ortega-Hernandez agreed to be extradited to the District of Columbia , and the federal defender , Christopher Brown , said the defendant reserved his right for a detention and preliminary hearing after the transfer . The government agreed not to formally indict Ortega-Hernandez until after his transfer , Brown said . It was not immediately clear when the transfer would occur , but it was expected in coming days . With long , tangled hair and a beard , Ortega-Hernandez wore a white jumpsuit and was handcuffed with legs chained when entering the courtroom guarded by U.S. marshals . Guards removed the handcuffs for the hearing , but the leg chains remained on as he sat down . The complaint document said that on the night of November 11 , two witnesses saw shots fired toward the White House through the window of a car on Constitution Avenue . The car 's Idaho plates registered to Ortega-Hernandez . Another witness saw a man run away from the same vehicle a few blocks away , the complaint document said . From the vehicle , police recovered a rifle of the same caliber as recovered shells from the White House grounds , it said . A law enforcement official told CNN on Thursday that a trace of the weapon did not show Ortega-Hernandez as the purchaser . The official , who was not authorized to speak about the ongoing investigation , provided no further information on the weapon 's purchase . According to three acquaintances cited in the complaint document , Ortega-Hernandez considered Obama the cause of his problems and referred to him at times as the "  anti-Christ " and the devil . One witness -- identified only as "  W-4 " -- told investigators that Ortega-Hernandez "  has increasingly become more agitated against the federal government , and is convinced that the federal government is conspiring against him , " the FBI agent 's affidavit said . He "  wanted to ` hurt ' President Obama and referred to him as ` the anti-Christ , ' " the witness said . Another witness -- identified as "  W-6 " -- also quoted Ortega-Hernandez calling Obama "  the anti-Christ . " This witness told agents Ortega-Hernandez told him he "  needed to kill him . " A third witness , known as "  W-7 , " told investigators Ortega-Hernandez owned an "  AK-47 like gun . " His "  opinions and comments regarding the government and President Obama have gotten worse " over the past year , the witness told agents . "  W-7 stated that Ortega-Hernandez believed President Obama is ` the devil , ' and that Ortega-Hernandez ` will not stop until it 's done . ' " the affidavit said . "  W-7 also reported that Ortega-Hernandez stated President Obama ` needed to be taken care of . ' " Lt. Brad Shields of the Pennsylvania State Police said Ortega-Hernandez was arrested Wednesday in western Pennsylvania under a U.S. Park Police warrant issued Sunday in Washington "  based on a shooting that occurred at the White House on November 11 . " According to Shields , a tip came in Wednesday that the man sought by federal authorities in the Washington shooting was at a Hampton Inn in the town of Indiana , Pennsylvania . Ortega-Hernandez had stayed at the hotel with another person for a few days before the Friday shooting incident , Shields said . When Ortega-Hernandez returned to the hotel on Wednesday , staff members recognized him from a photo provided by authorities and notified police , Shields said . Ortega-Hernandez was arrested without any resistance in the hotel lobby , asking why he was being detained , Shields said . A bag of his was checked by sniffer dogs , but no weapons were found , according to Shields . The suspect apparently had returned to the hotel to locate what Shields called "  his friend , " and Shields said the suspect 's companion was not from the area . He provided no further details of the companion 's identity or whereabouts . In Idaho Falls , Idaho , police spokeswoman Joelyn Hansen said the man -- identified there as Oscar Ramiro Ortega -- was reported missing October 31 . Hansen said Ortega is the same man who the Secret Service is calling Oscar Ramiro Ortega-Hernandez . The bullets were found on the south side of the White House , a Secret Service official not authorized to speak on the record told CNN . "  A round was stopped by ballistic glass behind the historic exterior glass , " a Secret Service statement said . "  One additional round has been found on the exterior of the White House . This damage has not been conclusively connected to Friday 's incident , and an assessment of the exterior of the White House is ongoing , " . On Friday about 9 p.m. , U.S. Park Police and the Secret Service investigated after hearing shots fired about 700 to 800 yards from the White House , the Secret Service statement said . Within five minutes , officers located a vehicle in the 2300 block of Constitution Avenue , according to the statement . The FBI , the Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives , and the Metropolitan Police Department all took part in the search for Ortega-Hernandez , officials said . CNN 's Tom Cohen and Terry Frieden contributed to this report .	NEW : A complaint document says the suspect considered Obama the "  anti-Christ " NEW : Witnesses saw shots fired from a car toward the White House complex Ortega-Hernandez will be charged with attempted assassination The suspect was arrested Wednesday at a Pennsylvania hotel
CNN  -- The alleged ringleader of a group of Florida A&M University marching band students who beat drum major Robert Champion Jr. in a 2011 hazing incident was convicted Friday of multiple charges related to Champion 's death , according to CNN affiliate CFN13 , which was in the courtroom when the verdict was read . A jury found former band member Dante Martin , 27 , guilty of manslaughter and felony hazing after just an hour of deliberations , charges that could carry a sentence of more than 20 years in prison . "  Mr. Martin having been found guilty as charged , you are adjudicated guilty on these counts , on all four counts of the information as charged . You are remanded to the custody of the Orange County sheriff to be taken to the Orange County jail , " Circuit Judge Renee Roche said as she delivered the jury 's verdict in the case . "  I wo n't get my son back , but no one wins here . So there should be sadness all the way around for everyone , and we hope and pray to continue our mission to eradicate hazing -- to end it , " Champion 's mother , Pamela Champion , told CNN affiliate WFTV . Champion , 26 of Decatur , Georgia , died after a band hazing ritual in which he was beaten aboard a school bus after a football game in Orlando , Florida . The initiation requires pledges to run down the center of the bus while being punched , kicked and assaulted by senior members , band members have said . A medical examiner ruled Champion 's death a homicide , saying he suffered multiple blunt trauma blows and internal bleeding from the beating . Champion died in the parking lot within an hour of the assault . Martin is scheduled for sentencing on January 9 , 2015 . FAMU famed marching band , known as the Marching 100 , was suspended for the 2012-13 school year after Champion 's death . The college pledged to make reforms and address hazing both on and off campus . FAMU is one of the nation 's top university marching bands , famous for its elaborate dance formations and innovative style . CNN 's Chandler Friedman contributed to this story	Former FAMU band member found guilty in death of drum major Dante Martin is convicted of manslaughter and felony hazing Victim 's mother says conviction is a no-win situation Sentencing set for January
CNN  -- Good luck recognizing Kevin Smith these days . The director and sometime actor has not only slimmed down , he also shaved , which has left him looking decidedly less Kevin Smith-like . According to his Instagram account , Smith has lost 20 pounds after going off added and processed sugars for a few weeks . "  Day 17 of no added or processed sugar . Down 20 pounds . Feeling so good , I 'm hiking the hills with my wiener out , " read the caption on a photo of him walking his dachshund . Not content to stop at the weight loss , Smith also shaved his famous beard . "  Look at this goofy spaz , " Smith wrote on Instagram . "  This is me , beardless , for the #YogaHosers green screen shoot . #FaceBrazilian . " "  Yoga Hosers " is a new film written and directed by Smith . IMDb describes the plot as "  Two teenage yoga enthusiasts team up with a legendary man-hunter to battle with an ancient evil presence that is threatening their major party plans . " The film is set for a 2015 release . The director is n't the only well-known person to shed some weight lately . According to the New York Daily News , the Rev. Al Sharpton has shrunk from a high of 305 pounds to recently weighing in at 129.6 pounds . The activist and commentator said he got the weight off by cutting out red meat and then most other foods until he got down to just having tea , toast and juice for breakfast and fruit , tea and a salad with a hard-boiled egg at lunch . Like Smith , he exercises and stays away from added and processed sugars . Sharpton found that the less he ate , the less he missed food . "  I could take all the cartoons in the tabloid newspapers , but I could n't take my daughter punching me in the belly and asking why I was so fat , " he told the paper . "  That was my inspiration to lose the weight . And probably the last time anyone hurt my feelings . "	Filmmaker Kevin Smith gave up added and processed sugars to lose about 20 pounds He also shaved his beard for a new movie , "  Yoga Hosers " The Rev. Al Sharpton 's weight has dropped to about 130 pounds
CNN  -- Politicians and historians love to use the word "  crossroads . " It 's become as American , and cliched , as "  Mom 's apple pie . " The historian Shelby Foote , wrote , "  The Civil War defined us as what we are and it opened us to being what we became , good and bad things . ... It was the crossroads of our being , and it was a hell of a crossroads . " I have been thinking about the word , because this year 's Black History Month theme is "  At the Crossroads of Freedom and Equality : The Emancipation Proclamation and the March on Washington . " Two pivotal events that shaped modern American history . A "  crossroads " is literally the intersection of two or more roads -- two or more paths to get to the same place . Metaphorically , it refers to the place -- the moment -- of a critical decision . Shall we go forward together ? Shall we separate ? Shall we fight ? We mark history 's crossroads not by road signs but by the documents that identify them . The Declaration of Independence is certainly one . Who has not memorized the opening of the second paragraph ? "  We hold these truths to be self-evident , that all men are created equal , that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable Rights , that among these are Life , Liberty , and the Pursuit of Happiness . " Political philosopher John Locke 's original term was , "  Life , liberty , and property . " Thomas Jefferson borrowed the phrase , changing "  property " to "  the pursuit of happiness . " He understood that "  happiness " -- being significant -- was more important than property , and that a "  right to property " too often meant a "  right " to own someone else , i.e. slavery . Locke rejected the "  divine right of kings . " He argued instead that God invested each person with an innate equality -- the right to be on this Earth and to be free -- free to pursue dreams . On the way to his first inauguration , Abraham Lincoln stopped at Independence Hall in Philadelphia to celebrate Washington 's birthday . He told the assembled crowd , "  I have never had a feeling politically that did not spring from the sentiments embodied in the Declaration of Independence . " Lincoln 's issuance of the Emancipation Proclamation in 1863 was another crossroads , one that required Lincoln , and the nation , to walk a long road of personal and national growth . "  All men are created equal " had to take on a deeper meaning . Frederick Douglass , one of Lincoln 's "  guides " on his journey , later said the quality he most admired in Lincoln was his political courage . Confederate President Jefferson Davis once acknowledged to an Atlantic Monthly writer that Lincoln 's Emancipation resulted in the self-liberation of "  two millions of our slaves . " A journey of a hundred years brought us to another crossroads -- the 1963 March on Washington . While "  property in man " no longer existed , millions of Americans were unable to pursue their dream , or to live with full equality . James Farmer , a leading civil rights activist who was in jail in my home state of Louisiana , sent a message to the quarter-million in attendance that summer day , saying his people would not be free "  until the dogs stop biting us in the South and the rats stop biting us in the North . " Martin Luther King , Jr. 's "  I Have a Dream " speech , like the Declaration , resonates . It echoes through the years in the heartbeats of Americans . The "  pursuit of happiness " is more than pleasure , for we often take great pains in the pursuit . Rather , the pursuit of happiness is the freedom to pursue our dreams , to make meaning in and find the unique significance of our lives . That is something we can only do when , in the bonds of fellowship and shared history , we nurture our dreams . The caged bird sings of freedom , but the freed bird sings of dreams . Today , we are 150 years further down the road to realizing the American creed of equality and freedom . We reached a crossroads in 2008 with the election of our first African-American president . We chose to continue on the road to a "  post-racial " society . We 're not there yet . But in 2012 , when we could have chosen to travel down another road , one that led to further economic inequality , we chose instead to continue the realization of equality and freedom , and to the unfettered pursuit of dreams for each American . In some ways , the re-election of President Obama is more significant than his election four years ago . I say this not because I 'm a Democrat , but because this time , the dog-whistles of racism were called out and condemned by people of faith and goodwill on both sides of the aisle . During the next four years , we 'll come to more crossroads . I pray , and believe , we will take the road to freedom and equality for each child , man and woman in America . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Donna Brazile .	Donna Brazile : Black History Month themed crossroads , "  tied to two pivotal U.S. events Emancipation Proclamation , March on Washington were crossroads , she says She says crossroad decisions are threaded along U.S. road to post-racial society Brazile : We 're not there yet , but re-election of Obama a harbinger
CNN  -- "  American Idol " revealed its top 10 last night , but after the lights dimmed on the live show , the new crop of contestants and the judges had a chance to speak to the press about the big night and preview the competition to come . So what did we learn ? Here are some highlights : 1 . Keith Urban thinks Lazaro could upset the Year of the Girl Since the early audition rounds , producers and judges have said the girls have a strong chance of breaking the male-winner streak . But while Keith Urban notes the strength of the female lot , he 's not counting out the boys , especially Lazaro Arbos . "  There are some really good girls singers , but when you see a guy like Burnell -LSB- Taylor -RSB- or even more so Lazaro and the way he connects with an audience -- he comes out and sings and they go crazy . They love him and the votes have really reflected that , " Urban told reporters . So could Arbos be the one to upset what 's been referred to by some as the Year of the Girls ? "  He certainly could be , " says Urban . "  But I love that there 's a few in here who could do that if they get the right song and the stars line up . The timing is everything . I hate that -LSB- that 's the case -RSB- for them . It 's like -- you might be the best football team ever , but if you do n't have the game on Super Bowl day that you need , you do n't win . But you could -LSB- have -RSB- won the day before if you 'd played the day before . This show is like that . " Meanwhile , Arbos admits that his "  Bridge Over Troubled Water " performance may have not been his best showing : "  Yeah , I was a hot mess with my song tonight . I did n't get a chance to rehearse it . Therefore , I walked on stage and found out I have to sing , I was like , ` Oh My God ! Uh-Oh . ' So from now on , I just want to get comfortable with performing . " ` American Idol ' : Here 's your Top 10 2 . That reveal was awkward for the contestants , too . EW recapper Annie Barrett was n't a fan of the awkwardly formatted top 10 reveal show , saying it lacked suspense and tension for the home audience . But backstage , the biggest problem was an overload of emotions . "  I think that was the ugliest walk I 've ever made because I was in the middle of crying and laughing and just thinking of what 's going on back home right now , " Amber Holcomb joked . "  But it was great . " Spanish-speaking singer Devin Velez also admitted to being a little overwhelmed after the big moment . "  I got a little woozy , and Ryan had to shake me , ` Devin , Devin , you have to go on stage . ' And the moment the doors open on stage , I just walked out , and I had to put my face in my hands . I just could n't look . It was unbelievable that all those people were clapping for me because they voted for me , " he said . "  It was just confirmation of , ` Devin , you 're here to sing . You were born to sing . We need you to do this . ' So it was like , ` Alright . I have to do it now . ' " 3 . A change will do you good Speaking of Velez , who has made it a point to show off his Spanish skills during his performances thus far , he 's going to skip the Spanish twist next week in an effort to keep his offerings fresh . "  I 'm not going to make it predictable ; I want to catch them by surprise . If you make it predictable , you will get voted off . But I definitely think there will be more coming , just not right now . We 're going to take a break , " he said . "  I might -LSB- eventually -RSB- do a whole Spanish song , too , but I do n't know yet . It 's all up in the air right now . " Spielberg , Lucas , Scorsese in ` Milius ' 4 . Even contestants fear the Nicki Minaj 's side eyes are n't the only scary thing about this season of American Idol . As contestants prepare to head into the more intense rounds of competition , Minaj 's razor-sharp tongue and bluntness have some of them sweating . "  She 's always so honest -- but it 's so necessary , " Burnell Taylor told us , after confessing Minaj was the judge whose critiques he 's most fearing . "  I can always count on her when it comes to honesty . " Country singer Janelle Arthur echoed the statement , saying despite being Minaj 's beloved "  Marshmallow , " she does n't consider herself safe . "  Even though I know Nicki loves me , I always know that she 's looking for that certain thing that makes her love me . So when she does n't see it , I know she 's going to bring it up and she 's going to say , ` What happened ? I did n't see what I wanted to see , ' " said Arthur . "  She 's also so unpredictable . I never know what she 's going to do . So , yeah , I 'm probably most apprehensive about her . " 5 . Just Say No ... to Carrie While we 're talking about Arthur , it 's worth bringing up that this blond country singer is well aware of the comparisons being drawn to that other blonde country singer from Idol , and while flattering , she said she has no plans to cover a Carrie Underwood song . "  I 'm trying to stay as far away from the Carrie Underwood songs as I can because Carrie is incredible , " she said . "  I do n't want to be compared to Carrie -- but of course I 'm going to be because I 'm blonde and country . But our styles are so different , and that 's the good thing about it . Hopefully Nashville has room for another blonde . " One blonde singer 's music she definitely wants a chance to tackle , however ? "  I hope to perform a Dolly Parton song at some point , " she said . See the original article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Producers and judges : The girls have a strong chance of breaking the male-winner streak Velez has made it a point to show off his Spanish skills during his performances Minaj 's razor-sharp tongue and bluntness have some of the contestants sweating
London  CNN  -- Retro ruled at the Ninth International London Tattoo Convention over the weekend . It was a reminder of how central the theme of travel has long been to tattoos . How so ? Consider the vintage designs that proved so popular among the thousands of inky fans gathered from all over the world at the three-day meet . Mermaids . Anchors and sailing ships . Coy 50s pin-ups . Gypsy girls . It 's the classic iconography of the sailor 's bicep -- signifiers , in other words , of the professional , inveterate traveler . Traditional swing "  There 's definitely a swing back to traditional . The fashion is the old U.S. marine styles , " Marcus Berriman , co-organiser of the convention , told the Guardian . But another trend on show had an equally strong travel imprint . Along with " -LSB- t -RSB- he old-school sailor stuff ... the Japanese are really in vogue now , " Aimee Cornwell , a second-generation tattooist at the show told the paper , referring to designs thick with swords and samurais . Such oriental themes hark back to the allure of the exotic , when wearing a tattoo so often symbolized that you 'd been somewhere foreign -- possibly very foreign -- and were therefore also probably a little suspicious . Now all a tat need signify is that you know how to find your way to a trendy inner-city tattoo parlor . Could it be that a return to rootless maritime themes and the mysterious east are an attempt to restore a demimonde thrill to a practice that 's becoming so mainstream that the next radical statement could be to go entirely tattoo-free ? Or to tattoo your head -- another unmissable trend at the convention that one artist present called a potential "  life-ruiner , " and something she , like many of her fellow practitioners , never offered . Scrubbed clean Seen as one of the great follies of youth , tattooing -- especially when it 's on someone 's head -- can make you want to scream , "  You ca n't scrub it off ! " Except that you can . Painful and expensive it might be , but lasering can now return a tattooed body to a blank , if slightly smudgy , canvas . Leaving you to travel the world in search of new tattoos . Judging by the skilled artists present , by invitation only , at the convention , electrifying designs are on offer in a growing number of countries around the world . And to think you just used to sew little flags on to your backpack to show all the places you 'd traveled to .	Sailing ships , anchors among favorite designs at international tattoo convention Exotic east another popular theme on display in London Trends illuminate tattoos ' long relationship with travel
LifeWire  -- Trapped beneath a capsized raft on a churning river in northern California , Galena Mosovich realized her body was "  panicking , " but not her mind . "  I was choking and gasping ... and the minute or so I was underwater felt like a lifetime , " says Mosovich . Yet , in the moments before she was pulled to safety , Mosovich also felt a sense of calm . "  I remember thinking , ` I 'm probably going to die right now ... so this is how it 's going to happen ' . " Today , the Florida public relations account executive can speak calmly about her close encounter with death four years earlier . "  The notion of dying seemed so simple at that moment , which was an interesting change from how complex life and its challenges usually can be , " says Mosovich . Yet not much has changed in her life since -- although she vows to never run river rapids again . While near-death experiences  NDEs  were once thought to be rare , researchers now estimate that about a third of those who come close to death , or approximately 5 percent of the American population , experience an NDE , according to Dr. Bruce Greyson , professor of psychiatry and director of the Division of Perceptual Studies at the University of Virginia Health System . In an article published in the journal Perspective in Biology and Medicine , Greyson describes NDEs as "  profound psychological events with transcendental mystical elements typically occurring to individuals close to death or in situations of intense physical or emotional danger . " Cause and effect What causes NDEs remains unclear . Dr. Sam Parnia , author of "  What Happens When We Die , " thinks that NDEs are hallucinations brought about by the brain shutting down , or a comforting psychological phenomenon summoned up by patients as death approaches . Parnia bases this conclusion on his studies of patients who have been declared clinically dead  usually considered the point at which cardiac function ceases  and been brought back to life . Other researchers have linked NDE-type events to a wider variety of circumstances , including fainting , serious illness and the time just preceding a potentially catastrophic occurrence like a car accident . Then there is Dr. Kevin R. Nelson , professor of neurology at the University of Kentucky . His research has led to a theory that people who go through a near-death experience may be experiencing the "  intrusion of the R.E.M.  rapid eye movement , when most dreams are believed to occur  stage of sleep during a wakeful crisis . " Nelson , who interviewed 55 people who underwent an NDE , found that in 60 percent of the cases , the boundaries between sleep and wakefulness were not as clearly delineated as they are in other people . "  You can be awake and asleep simultaneously , " says Nelson . "  In some people , it 's not an either-or situation . " The spiritual side For some , near-death experiences take on a spiritual significance that can be life - changing . Whether you believe these moments have actually brought you closer to a higher power or are , instead , the result of some physiological reaction in the body , may depend on your background . "  We do n't know much about these near-death experiences , " says Dr. Harold Koenig , professor of psychiatry and behavioral sciences , and head of the Center for Spirituality , Theology and Health at Duke University Medical Center . "  From a physiological standpoint , it 's possible that  the brain shutting down  creates the sensation of the bright light and a tunnel , and that 's interpreted in terms of spiritual significance "  It 's a common phenomenon ... but it 's hard to study because the experiences are n't subjective , you ca n't verify them , and they are self-reported , " Koenig adds . Most religious groups do n't have a position on near death experiences , explains Sandra Yocum Mize , Ph.D. , chair of the Department of Religious Studies at the University of Dayton . "  There is , for example , no official Catholic position on near death experiences , " she says . "  However , they are recognized as profoundly transformative in a spiritual sense . " "  Many people ... feel that by not dying , " says Yocum Mize , "  that they have been spared for a purpose , and that their life is a special gift they must treasure . " That 's the case with Mary Lin , a marketing professional from Prescott , Arizona , who plans to go back to school so she can better train her voice to "  transform " her audiences through her singing . Lin 's near-death experience occurred while hospitalized for a serious illness almost four years ago . "  I felt like I was on a ladder coming up to the light and was filled with a feeling of surrendering to a ` presence , ' " says Lin . "  I felt like I was ready to leave , but I sensed a resistance . " Lin says she went into a "  deep communion with her soul . " After four days , she remembers receiving a "  message " that her life 's work was to use her talents -- Lin is a writer , artist , dancer , and singer -- for healing . "  When I focus on using my voice for service , it is an arresting experience for me , " says Lin . "  This is what I was sent back here to do . Without my near-death experience , I would n't have known this . " E-mail to a friend LifeWire provides original and syndicated lifestyle content to Web publishers . Carol Sorgen is a freelance writer in Baltimore , Maryland , who writes frequently on health and wellness issues for such publications as WebMD , Today 's Diet & Nutrition , The Washington Post , and the Baltimore Sun .	Expert : Third of those coming close to death have near-death experience Researchers : NDEs may be hallucinations , R.E.M. dream while awake Some experience spiritual moment that changes their lives
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The Air Force is returning F-15E Strike Eagle jets to service over Iraq and Afghanistan after grounding other F-15s , the Air Force said Wednesday . The Air Force grounded models of its F-15 fleet after the crash of an older model F-15C this month . The F-15s were grounded after a crash earlier this month in Missouri of an older model that disintegrated in flight . Each F-15E must pass an inspection of critical parts on the airframe before returning to flying missions , Air Force officials said . All U.S. Air Force 224 E-model aircraft will undergo a one-time inspection of hydraulic system lines , the Air Force statement said . The longerons -- molded , metal strips of the aircraft fuselage that run from front to rear -- will also be inspected , according to the Air Force . The straps and skin panels in and around the environmental control system bay will also be examined , officials said . The Air Force would not say whether the parts being inspected were part of the problem on the aircraft that crashed . The investigation into why that plane fell apart in flight is still ongoing and Air Force officials will not say what happened until the investigation is complete , an Air Force spokesperson said . Air Force officials said the rest of the almost 500 F-15s -- older airframes than the F-15Es -- will remain grounded until the investigation offers a solution to what happened . The E-model aircraft , the youngest and most sophisticated in the F-15 inventory , is heavily used by Central Command for ground support in the U.S.-led wars in Iraq and Afghanistan . It is also used for the homeland security mission over the United States known as Operation Noble Eagle . On November 3 , the Air Force grounded all of its F-15s in response to a November 1 crash of a Missouri Air National Guard F-15C in Boss , Missouri . The grounding forced Central Command to use other Air Force , Navy and French fighters to fill the gaps , though Strike Eagles did fly to support troops in battle in Afghanistan as an emergency measure while they were still under grounding orders , according to Central Command reports . The plane that crashed , built in 1980 , was one of the older F-15s in the fleet . The F-15E Strike Eagle is an air-to-ground and air-to-air fighter , making it more versatile than other F-15 models , which are used for only air-to-air missions . The Strike Eagle is used in Afghanistan and Iraq in its air-to-ground role , using its advanced sensors to drop bombs on targets . E-mail to a friend	F-15s grounded after a November 1 crash in Missouri F-15 is used for ground support in the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan All U.S. Air Force 224 E-model aircraft will undergo a one-time inspection
CNN  -- Spider-Man may be getting a female counterpart . Sony -- the studio behind the "  Spider-Man " films -- has confirmed it 's at work developing a project for a female superhero in the Spider-Man universe , a source close to negotiations told CNN . The female superhero film would likely come out in 2017 , according to Deadline.com and The Hollywood Reporter . The trade publications report that Lisa Joy has been tapped to write the script and Avi Arad and Matt Tolmach are producing . The decision is driven by a number of factors , according to the industry publications . First , female superheroes are becoming more common , what with Wonder Woman joining the "  Batman v Superman " cast , Scarlett Johansson 's popular turn as Black Widow in Marvel 's "  Avengers " film and Marvel 's recent announcement of a female Thor . New Wonder Woman draws mixed reaction Moreover , audiences have responded to women-led action films . Johansson 's "  Lucy " debuted at the top of the box office its opening weekend and stayed strong in its second week , finishing No. 2 behind "  Guardians of the Galaxy " and ahead of "  Get on Up " and the Dwayne "  Rock " Johnson-led "  Hercules . " No word on which character will be the protagonist in the new film , though there has been a Spider-Woman , an identity adopted by several characters . The next "  Spider-Man " film has been pushed back to 2018 , so Sony is filling the gap with other films from the character 's world . According to the trades , first up will be "  Sinister Six , " which puts the Spider-Man villains together in one film . Drew Goddard -- who oversaw "  The Cabin in the Woods " -- is writing and directing the film , which has a release date set for 2016 . Though Spider-Man is a Marvel character , Sony 's Columbia Pictures has released the Sam Raimi and Marc Webb films featuring the webslinger , including 2014 's "  The Amazing Spider-Man 2 . " CNN 's Joan Yeam contributed to this report .	Sony is working on a female superhero film , source says Character will likely come from the Spider-Man universe , reports say Other female superheroes and action heroes have been in the news Sony film is expected in 2017
CNN  -- Ferrari driver Fernando Alonso fears Formula One is in danger of becoming a "  lottery " and says it could lose its credibility . This season has produced six different winners in six races and , while conceding this was good for spectators , the two-time world champion told CNN it had produced disquiet in the F1 paddock . "  It 's a fantastic season , it 's so unpredictable . I think people stand in front of the TV , with some surprises every race . It 's good for the audience , it 's good for the sport to bring attention to the races , " said the Spaniard , who leads the world championship by three points , with 14 rounds remaining . "  On the other hand we can lose credibility . We can not lose that the best teams , the best drivers , the best strategies win the races , because at the moment from the outside it seems that in every race anyone can win . "  It does n't matter the talent , it does n't matter the team , the performance -- it 's like a lottery . What you achieve in Formula One is not by chance . We need to make clear that if you win a race , it 's because you did something better . And I do n't think at the moment that this is clear for everybody . " Alonso 's position at the head of the standings could not have been predicted at the start of this season , when he and his Italian team publicly doubted the race pace of the two Ferraris . "  We were not happy with the car at the beginning of the season . We were not rich with the expectations and the team tried to understand the problems as soon as possible and tried to make the changes , " the 30-year-old said . "  They seemed to work but even if we are happy now with the position and with the points we achieved , we still know and are honest with ourselves knowing that we are not quick enough at the moment still . There is still plenty of work to do but we think a strong reaction is still to come from Ferrari . " F1 teams battle from race to race to make minor adjustments which often have a big impact on performance , and Alonso gave credit to Ferrari 's technicians for improving the cars . "  We changed mainly aerodynamics . Formula One is dominated by aerodynamics and we had some areas of the car that were not working exactly as they were designed , so we did some tweaks there , " he said . "  We changed some philosophies of working in the car and it started to work . But as I said it 's not enough , we know that and we will keep doing upgrades to the car . " While Alonso has shown his ability in an underperforming car , teammate Felipe Massa is under increasing pressure to retain his place . The Brazilian , a world championship runner-up in 2008 , has recovered from serious head injuries suffered the following year but has very much been the number two driver since Alonso arrived from Renault in 2010 . "  We know that there has been some coincidences and some bad luck and moments in particular races that he did n't score points he deserved , " Alonso said . "  We know that in practice and in qualifying we are much closer , we are fighting , we are together in some of the first corners , but then some factors make him always in some troubles , some incidents , and he lost points . "  But he has the talent , he has full support from our bosses , from me , from everybody in the team and we know the talent from Felipe . We know that before later he will shine . " Alonso became F1 's youngest double world champion when he won back-to-back titles with Renault in 2005-06 , but he was usurped by Red Bull 's Sebastian Vettel last year . Now the German driver has been tipped to follow Alonso 's footsteps and join the most successful team in the sport 's history , reportedly in 2014 . "  It 's  only speculation . Every year in Ferrari it is like this , " Alonso said . "  I had this when I was with Renault in the past . Every year around summer always the speculations : ` Alonso will go to Ferrari . ' I answered many questions over the years and now when I joined Ferrari it is the opposite . "  Every year someone is coming to Ferrari , it has been like this . I think it is something you have to deal also when you are in Ferrari . " Alonso is hoping , despite his car 's weaknesses , that he can deliver Ferrari 's first drivers ' title since Kimi Raikkonen in 2007 . "  Things are complex and not straightforward and I think it will be quite tight for the championship , " said Alonso , who is 25 points ahead of Raikkonen , back on the grid this year with Lotus after a two-year absence . "  There is not one car dominating the season as we saw in the last couple of years . I think we will be there . I do n't know if we will be champions but we will fight until the last race , I am sure . "	Fernando Alonso tells CNN that F1 may be becoming too unpredictable Ferrari 's championship leader says the sport could turn into "  a lottery " Six different drivers have won the six races so far this season Alonso says struggling teammate Felipe Massa has his full support
CNN  -- A Michigan congressman said Sunday that relatives are trying to blackmail him with decades-old allegations that he sexually abused a young cousin , an accusation he called "  false and shameful . " Rep. Dale Kildee , a Democrat who has held his Flint-area district since 1976 , said he once went to the FBI after one relative threatened to go public with the claims if he did n't get federal benefits for the cousin , now an adult with a history of mental illness . Kildee , 82 , announced in July that he would retire at the end of his current term . His nephew Dan Kildee is running for the seat . Family members recounted the claims -- which Kildee said date back 50 years -- in audio recordings posted online and published by The Washington Times . "  Republicans tried to peddle these scurrilous allegations during my last congressional race and authorities and reputable news outlets rejected these false allegations , " Kildee said in a statement issued Sunday night . "  Now they are back at it again to try to win an open congressional seat . " Attempts to contact the congressman 's office were unsuccessful Sunday night . But in video posted on the Washington Times ' website , Kildee said there 's "  no shred of truth " to the accusation . "  I 'm going to respond and let people judge , " he added . The Washington Times reported the interview was conducted by Jon Yinger , a Michigan religious broadcaster . In it , one of Kildee 's relatives said she is coming forward because the man "  will never speak for himself . " "  I am doing what I prayed he could do , but he 's not , " she says . But the woman also says the man 's wife once called Kildee 's office to try to get federal benefits for her husband . "  She was blackballing , or blackmailing , Dale with this information , so it was n't a comfortable situation , " the relative recounts during the interview . "  She basically went to him and said , ` You 're going to get me his Social Security disability or I 'm going to go public with that . ' " Kildee highlighted that portion of the recording in his press release , saying it had occurred 20 years ago . He also released a copy of what he said was the last letter he had received from the cousin , in 1988 , in which the man asks for Kildee 's help in establishing a "  global telethon " to end hunger in Africa . The letter is signed , "  With all my love . "	Rep. Dale Kildee is retiring from Congress after 18 terms Some family members say he molested a young cousin long ago The Michigan Democrat says there 's "  no shred of truth " to the claim
CNN  -- People in the central United States suffered through more severe weather Thursday -- in the form of torrential rain , golf-ball-size hail and damaging winds , including a few reported tornadoes -- and braced for even more storms . Tornado warnings were issued at one point or another Thursday afternoon for portions of Arkansas , Illinois , Kentucky , Wisconsin and Oklahoma . Just 10 days ago , Oklahoma was in the cross hairs of a powerful tornado that left 24 dead . Such warnings go out when witnesses or radar indicate a tornado . The National Weather Service , in fact , noted there were reports of tornadoes in at least seven communities in western Arkansas -- as far west as Polk , as far south as Garland County , and as far north as Oden . At least nine people statewide suffered injuries -- four minor ones in Oden , three in Clark County and two hurt by a lightning strike in Benton County -- state emergency management spokesman Tommy Jackson told CNN . No details were immediately available on the conditions of any of those injured . Two homes were destroyed in the small community of Oden , about 50 miles west of Hot Springs , according to Jackson . The weather service noted , too , that power lines were knocked down and Highway 88 was blocked at one point . Three houses were reportedly damaged and three people were injured , around the small Clark County town of Amity , according to the same agency . Tornadoes also were reported in north-central Oklahoma -- including in and around Perkins and Ripley , which is about 10 miles east . Shortly after 3 p.m.  4 p.m. ET  , the National Weather Service tweeted that a tornado "  may be developing ... south of Perkins , " which is about 50 miles northeast of Oklahoma City . Minutes later , a new message stated there had been a "  brief tornado " reported that had "  dissipated . " Later Thursday night , a tornado was reported in Broken Arrow , which is about 15 miles southeast of Tulsa . There are personnel on the scene , but officials have no confirmed reports of damage from the incident , Tulsa County emergency management official Kaitlyn Cross said . The threat , and impact , of severe weather extended well beyond Arkansas and Oklahoma . Tornado watches -- which means conditions are favorable for tornadoes to form , though one has n't necessarily touched down -- at one time extended through an eight-state stretch extending from Texas north to Michigan . The weather service , for example , noted that a tornado was reported Thursday evening in Prophetstown , Illinois , though it 's not know if it caused any damage . With or without confirmed funnel clouds , these storms packed a wallop . The weather service 's Tulsa office , for instance , noted one line of thunderstorms could also pack 70-mph wind gusts . Oklahoma weather experts also noted reports of half-dollar-size hail . Flooding was the problem in places like Coffeyville , Kansas , where police rescued people from 16 vehicles in a 1Â 1/2 - hour stretch on Thursday afternoon after they got trapped due to intense flooding , fire department Capt. Wayne Joplin said . Water in the streets went up to cars ' headlights , if not higher , after "  torrential rain " fell on ground already saturated by storms the previous night . "  The gutters and our storm system could n't handle it , " the captain said . "  I 've lived here since 1979 , and I 've never seen that much rain that quick , " Joplin told CNN . Even once night sets in Thursday , that does n't mean everyone can breathe easy . The weather service 's Storm Prediction Center is forecasting a moderate chance of severe weather in parts of Oklahoma , Nebraska , Arkansas and Missouri on Friday . The forecast is less dire Saturday , but on Sunday parts of the Northeast could be in danger . The Storm Prediction Center says there is a 30 % or higher probability for severe thunderstorms Sunday in parts of seven states , including the cities of Scranton , Pennsylvania ; Springfield , Massachusetts ; and of the New York cities of Syracuse , Albany and Elmira . CNN 's Carma Hassan and Joe Sutton contributed to this report .	NEW : A tornado is reported outside Tulsa ; an official says no confirmed damage At one point , tornado watches and warnings extended from Texas to Michigan 9 are injured in Arkansas -- including 2 struck by lightning -- an official says There could be even more severe weather on Friday , the weather service notes
Cleveland police have slammed Cleveland Browns player Andrew Hawkins for wearing a T-shirt calling for justice in the police shooting of Tamir Rice during a warm-up before Sunday 's NFL game against the Cincinnati Bengals . The Browns receiver 's shirt read "  Justice for Tamir Rice and John Crawford III " when he walked out onto the field before the game . Tamir , 12 , was fatally shot in November by a Cleveland police officer , while police shot and killed John Crawford III , 22 , in a Walmart in Beavercreek , Ohio , in August . Jeffrey Follmer , president of the Cleveland Police Patrolmen 's Association , criticized Hawkins ' on-field protest . "  It 's pretty pathetic when athletes think they know the law . They should stick to what they do best on the field , " Follmer told CNN in a statement . "  The Cleveland Police protect and serve Browns stadium , " he said . "  The Browns organization owes us an apology . " Medical examiners ruled Friday that Tamir 's death was a homicide . Authorities said the officer who shot him mistook the child 's air gun for a real firearm . Tamir was pointing a pellet gun at people outside a recreation center before he was shot , police said . A witness called 911 to say that a black male -- "  probably a juvenile " -- was pointing "  a pistol " at people but added twice that the gun was "  probably " fake . Two officers arrived in a police car . Within two seconds of exiting the car , Officer Timothy Loehmann shot Tamir , and the boy died the next day , police said . Police have said that Loehmann opened fire after Tamir reached for the gun in his waistband and that an orange tip indicating the gun was a toy had been removed . Follmer described the shooting of a 12-year-old as "  unfortunate . " "  But the facts are , that he appeared to be a 20-year-old male . In the eyes of a Cleveland police officer his physical appearance exceeded Andrew Hawkins ' profile , " Follmer said . He noted that the Browns player was 5 feet 7 inches and weighed 170 pounds , compared to Tamir 's 5 feet 7 inches and 195 pounds . The Cleveland Browns ' vice president of communications , Peter John-Baptiste , said the NFL team has "  great respect " for the work of the Cleveland police . "  We also respect our players ' rights to project their support and bring awareness to issues that are important to them if done so in a responsible manner , " he said . In September , a grand jury decided not to indict police officers in Crawford 's shooting death . But Ohio Attorney General Mike DeWine said the U.S. Justice Department would review the Cincinnati resident 's shooting . Crawford was shot and killed by police at a Walmart in Beavercreek on August 5 while carrying an air rifle through the store . Police responded to the scene after a witness called 911 and told dispatchers that Crawford was walking around with a rifle and "  waving it back and forth . " According to police , when officers arrived , Crawford did not comply with their commands to drop his weapon . He was shot twice , once in the elbow and once in the torso , the prosecutor said , and died shortly after being transported to a nearby hospital . The police criticism of Hawkins in Cleveland followed a similar controversy involving St. Louis Rams players over the shooting death of Michael Brown in Ferguson , Missouri . The St. Louis Police Officers Association said it was "  profoundly disappointed " after five Rams players raised their hands before a November 30 game in solidarity with protesters upset about Brown 's death .	Cleveland Browns receiver Andrew Hawkins wears a protest T-shirt before game Hawkins ' shirt read "  Justice for Tamir Rice and John Crawford III " Tamir Rice , 12 , and John Crawford III , 22 , were both shot dead by police officers Cleveland police association says players "  should stick to what they do best "
UNITED NATIONS  CNN  -- Rapes targeting girls as young as seven are on the increase in Afghanistan where conditions for women are little better than under the Taliban , the U.N. and rights groups say . Conditions for women are little better than they were under the hardline Taliban regime , the U.N. says . In its annual report on human rights , the U.N. warned conditions were deteriorating in the war-ravaged country despite U.S.-led efforts after the 2001 removal from power of the hardline militia . "  Violence is tolerated or condoned within the family and community , within traditional and religious leadership circles , as well as the formal and informal justice system , " said Navi Pillay , the U.N. high commissioner for human rights . The "  Afghan government has failed to adequately protect the rights of women despite constitutional guarantees . " With a resurgent Taliban targeting NATO forces , government security forces and civilians , violence has been on the increase in Afghanistan . . The number of civilian casualties in 2008 totaled 2,118 -- the highest number recorded since the ouster of the Taliban in 2001 , the U.N. said , urging greater protecting for ordinary Afghans . Violence against women comes in the form of rape , "  honor killings , " early and forced marriages , sexual abuse and slavery , the report says . "  The security is the big issue , " said Suraya Pakzad , founder of the Voice of Women Organization , which promotes education and awareness of women 's rights and protects women and girls at risk in Afghanistan . "  Because of security we , unfortunately , day by day , we have to pull out of areas where last year we operated , we have our operations . We were able to work with the women , but this year we can not , " she said . "  We have to leave the area because security is getting worse day by day . " "  Rapes in the country have been growing tremendously , particularly child rapes within the ages of 9 , 8 , 7 , even lesser than that , " said Wazhma Frogh , director of Global Rights Afghanistan . "  So these are the issues that are all born by this lack of security where women have no place in ... security decisions . " Domestic violence against child brides is widespread , said Suraya Pakzad , the founder of the Voice of Women organization , who was married at age 14 and has six children . She said girls as young as 10 face "  violation " by husbands 40 years their senior . "  By the end ... women , or girls , run away . " But women without husbands , especially widows , may have it even worse in Afghanistan , the report says . Without a spouse , the women are reduced to begging to feed their children . Options outside the home are limited where the Taliban holds sway in Afghanistan . The Taliban 's interpretation of strict Islamic law , or sharia , has included banning girls from school and the workplace . Even in areas not overrun by the Taliban , women face risks outside the home . "  The assassination of the most prominent national female senior police officer , in Kandahar in September 2008 , underscores the tremendous risks faced by women in public life , " the report says .	Afghan women 's rights are little better than under Taliban , report says Rights group says girls as young as seven are regularly raped United Nations calls for better protection for civilians
Editor 's note : Oren Gross is Irving Younger Professor of Law and director of the Institute for International Legal & Security Studies at the University of Minnesota Law School . Between 1986 and 1991 , he was a senior legal advisory officer in the Israeli Defense Forces ' Judge Advocate General 's Corps . He is co-author of "  Law in Times of Crisis : Emergency Powers in Theory and Practice " with Fionnuala Ní Aoláin . Oren Gross says torture is illegal even if a country is fighting terrorist groups that engage in it . CNN  -- Popular clichés notwithstanding , not all is fair in war . The idea that war is subject to legal rules is an ancient one . Over time nations have come to accept that their decisions whether to go to war as well as how to conduct warfare once armed conflict has erupted are limited by legal norms . But do such limitations hold when the enemy is not another nation that itself plays , more or less , by the rules , but rather a nonstate actor such as al Qaeda that flagrantly ignores them ? Does not following the rules in this context mean that we would be fighting with one hand tied behind our back ? And if so , should not all be fair at least in war against such an enemy ? Yes , yes , and an emphatic no . Al Qaeda does not pose a threat to the United States '  or any of its allies '  existence . Its real threat lies in provoking us to employ authoritarian measures that would weaken the fabric of our democracy , discredit the United States internationally , diminish our ability to utilize our soft power and undermine our claim to the moral higher ground in the fight against the terrorists . In other words , the critical threat is not that the United States would fail to defend itself but that it would do so too well and in the process become less democratic and lose sight of its fundamental values . "  Whoever fights monsters , " warned Friedrich Nietzsche , "  should see to it that in the process he does not become a monster . And if you gaze long enough into an abyss , the abyss will gaze back into you . " Yes , a democracy fighting terrorists seems to be fighting with one hand tied behind its back , but the fight is not merely about physical survival . It is also a struggle about our way of life and about our core values . Aharon Barak , former president of the Supreme Court of Israel  a country no stranger to the fight against terrorism  , wrote in a court opinion that ruled certain interrogation methods to be prohibited under Israeli law , that despite being limited in its fight , democracy has the upper hand because "  the rule of law and the liberty of an individual constitute important components in its understanding of security . At the end of the day , they strengthen its spirit and this strength allows it to overcome its difficulties . " When all is said and done , everyone -- even the lawyers who authored the infamous Department of Justice memos on interrogation techniques during the Bush administration -- agrees : Torture is prohibited , and committing it is a crime , under both the law of the United States and international law . The prohibition reflects a powerful taboo on practices that are considered moral evil . "  The torturer , " declared the 2nd U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals almost 30 years ago , "  has become like the pirate and slave trader before him hostis humani generis , an enemy of all mankind . " And as is the case with respect to piracy and slave trade , so to with torture , the law admits of no exceptions to the ban , no matter what the particular circumstances might be . The prohibition remains absolute even -- indeed particularly -- in wartime and in the face of other grave emergencies . And for good reason . Torture is intrinsically wrong . It violates the physical and mental integrity of the person subjected to it , negates that individual 's autonomy and deprives him or her of human dignity . A categorical legal prohibition on torture not only reflects what decent people believe , but is also fundamental to the society we wish to live in and belong to . An absolute prohibition is also designed to prevent us from sliding down the slippery slope that would end in the use of torture in less than truly exceptional cases  just because interrogators have gotten used to employing it in "  exceptional cases "  or in applying similar methods to "  ordinary " criminals . The Bush administration , euphemistically seeking to employ "  coercive " interrogation techniques against al Qaeda detainees , pursued three major strategies of implausible deniability to bypass the uncompromising legal ban : It denied that certain national and international laws that prohibit torture applied to certain categories of detainees  a position squarely rejected by the Supreme Court in its 2006 Hamdan decision  , it denied that the "  United States " was engaged in torture  while , at the same time , outsourcing the business of torture to other countries  , and it also denied that the United States was engaged in "  torture . " Orwellian legal constructions and definitional wizardry by lawyers demonstrating small-mindedness , technocratic reasoning , ideological motivation , and I-just-followed-orders mentality facilitated this last claim . Early Justice Department-Office of Legal Counsel memos , later repudiated by subsequent OLC memos , defined torture so narrowly as to make all interrogation practices practically appear legally permissible and approved as legal 10 specific interrogation techniques , including waterboarding . In doing so these memos not only misrepresented the law of the United States , but also showed utter disregard for , and ignorance of , international law . Other legal memos were no better . Their main purpose was to provide immunity for acts that are manifestly illegal and immoral . They were designed to give the CIA its CYA . Lawyers are not the only ones to blame . Doctors and psychologists had been involved in the process of devising and then carrying out torture . For its part , such inexcusable conduct by professionals was a link in a longer chain of systemic failures in decision-making processes and oversight mechanisms . Interrogation techniques such as waterboarding were officially imported into the CIA 's arsenal without clear indication that such techniques actually worked and despite the fact that in the past those very techniques had been used in places such as Korea against American troops . Perhaps most troubling , all this happened with little , if any , meaningful and informed discussion among decision-makers . As Philip Zelikow noted , "  Especially in a time of great stress , walking into this minefield , the president was entitled to get the most thoughtful and searching analysis our government could muster . " Well , he clearly did not . And then those officials whose task it was to oversee such matters failed us again . Rep. Nancy Pelosi who , as the ranking Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee in 2002 , was briefed on the interrogation methods , said that "  we were not told that waterboarding or any of these other enhanced interrogation methods were used . What they did tell us is that they had some -LSB- legal -RSB- opinions that they could be used , but not that they would . ... " Such excuses ring hollow and , frankly , insult our intelligence . Americans deserve better than that . And so the only claim left is the one made by former Vice President Dick Cheney and former CIA Director Michael Hayden -- that waterboarding and similar techniques actually worked . Let us assume , for the sake of argument , that by "  worked " they mean that through the use of such techniques the CIA got information that led to the foiling of future terrorist attacks . Let us even assume that such information would have been impossible to obtain using less radical methods of interrogation  both assumptions are controversial , of course  . Even so , the use of torture would not become lawful . In this case , neither necessity nor effectiveness could render legal that which otherwise would have been illegal . And the absolute prohibition on torture recognizes , as we said earlier , no exceptions . As far as the law is concerned , it matters little whether torture resulted in useful intelligence leads or none at all . Consequently , no legal opinion could give advance authorization to use such techniques . If indeed such techniques had been effective that might , at most , be considered after the fact in the context of deciding whether to bring criminal charges against officials accused of violating the law or impeach them . It could also be considered in the context of "  jury nullification " when a jury acquits a defendant despite its belief that the defendant is , in fact , guilty of the violation charged . And it might also be considered in the sentencing of officials when they are found liable for violation of the law such as by mitigating the penalties imposed on them , and in executive pardoning or clemency where criminal proceedings result in conviction . Even if any of the above takes place in the United States , the use of illegal interrogation techniques may still expose those who authorized their use and those who applied them to criminal and civil proceedings in foreign jurisdictions such as Spain and to international criminal prosecution . President Obama made it clear that he wished to move forward rather than spend energy laying blame for the past . But in order to move forward we must contend with the past . We need to deal with those who authorized and carried out crimes "  in our name . " We need to make sure that decision-making processes work as they should and that oversight mechanisms perform their functions . We need to return to an ethic of responsibility and accountability that is critical if citizens are to have faith in their government and the world is to respect this nation . This is not just a matter of the rule of law . It is a matter of national security . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Oren Gross .	Oren Gross : Torture under any circumstances is illegal and morally wrong Democracies using torture risk losing their bearings , Gross says Bush administration twisted facts and logic to try to justify torture , he says Gross : To move forward , we must investigate what happened in the past
Washington  CNN  -- The showdown over who will bear the brunt of deep cuts to government spending has become a game of political poker with the nation 's troops caught in the middle , political experts and members of the military say . As he prepares to leave office , Defense Secretary Leon Panetta sounded a dire warning about the need to limit military pay to a 1 % increase in 2014 , effectively decreasing troop salaries next year , if the automatic cuts , called sequester , go into effect , an agency official told CNN . First on CNN : Panetta to recommend pay cut for military "  This shadow , the shadow of sequestration , this legislative madness that was designed to be so bad , so bad , that no one in their right mind would let it happen , " Panetta said in a speech at Georgetown University on Wednesday . "  For those of you who have ever seen  the movie  ` Blazing Saddles , ' it is the scene of the sheriff putting the gun to his head in order to establish law and order . That is sequestration . " Panetta warns of degraded military readiness from spending cuts The Pentagon has calculated that the Labor Department 's 2014 Employment Cost Index is expected to be above 1 % , but wants to still reduce pay because of "  budget uncertainties , " a government official told CNN . In 2013 , a 1.7 % increase was approved , based on the index , which has been the basis for military pay for the past several years . Panetta is stepping up rhetoric about the impact of sequestration on the Pentagon if Congress does not agree to a plan in coming weeks to avert it . Sequestration would cut across the government , but would hit the Pentagon especially hard . The military would face roughly $ 500 million in spending cuts over 10 years on top of a similar amount already in the pipeline . President Barack Obama previously walled off the military from a reduction in pay so if this current compensation plan goes into effect , it 's widely seen as "  cutting our pay , " one military officer familiar with the plan told CNN . "  It 's a smart move , it puts it in Congress ' hands . " CNN Explains : Sequestration Panetta 's comments followed Obama 's call on Tuesday for a short-term agreement to avert sequestration , which was created by Congress in 2011 to be so draconian that lawmakers would strike a budget deal and avoid the cuts . But now , the deadline for action is coming up next month and there 's no deal in sight . Obama calls for short-term fix to imminent spending cuts Top Republicans on the House and Senate Armed Services committees released their own approach for temporarily staving off the brunt of those cuts by cutting some federal jobs through attrition . "  America 's military has absorbed $ 487 billion in defense cuts under President Obama , with $ 500 billion yet to come with sequestration . Refusing to consider reforms to the mandatory spending that is driving our debt crisis , while using our troops as a piggy bank to keep unsustainable spending programs on life support , will have both fiscal and strategic consequences , " Rep. Howard P. "  Buck " McKeon , R-Calif. , chairman of the House Armed Services Committee , and Sen. James Inhofe , R-Okla. , the ranking member of the Senate Armed Services Committee , wrote in a statement . All of this amounts to some pretty high stakes poker , political experts say . "  Scare talk about the effects of spending cuts is common in these circumstances . Mostly , it 's a parade of imaginary horribles . Although this time , the magnitude of the cuts , especially in defense , gives greater force to the dire predictions , " said Ross Baker , a Rutgers political science professor . Still , the specter of potential cuts worries those on the front lines and their families . "  I feel like when things get tough and the economy goes and they look at cuts they immediately take benefits or pay or housing allowances , " said Vicky Cody , author of "  Your Soldier , Your Army : A Parent 's Guide " , the wife of retired Army Gen. Richard Cody and the mother of two members of the military . "  These are the kids who are deploying . Regardless of how people who feel about the war , this is a group of people who need to be compensated for what they do not taken away from , " she said . Commenters on the story on CNN.com who identified themselves as members of the military were similarly frustrated . "  I am disgusted by this , " wrote one commenter who identified as AFMEDIC . "  I am in the US military and currently deployed . I get to see and hear what happens to the rest of my military brothers and sisters putting their lives on the line for a country . It is an ugly reality . And what are they getting blown up for ? Why do we spend days , months , and even years away from our families for ? For a country whose leaders do n't believe we are worthy enough to get a decent raise to take care of the families that have to deal with the consequences of our jobs . We are cutting budget everywhere else , why ca n't they cut their own salary ? Where are the priorities of these people ?? " A commenter who identified himself as Philip wrote that lots of Americans are n't getting pay raises in the current economy . "  A 1 % pay raise is more of a raise than many Americans have received the last few years combined . Welcome to the new economy ! " he wrote . "  And do n't give me this ` hero ' BS , as many in the military only joined because they could n't find jobs here . In the military they preach of being part of a team , well enjoy teaming with the civilians who also face hardships in getting paid . " Hyperbole is all part of an effort to get the other side to blink first , Baker said . "  The number of workers likely to be laid off as a result of the sequester is basically imaginary although there will almost certainly be a slight surge in unemployment , " Baker said . "  I really do n't think that the Pentagon will cut troop salaries which would hinder recruitment and retention . It 's much more likely that weapons systems will take the hit . " It 's not the first time both the administration and congressional Republicans have tried to call each other 's bluff over the spending cuts . Last year , President Obama told thousands of veterans at the National Convention of the Veterans of Foreign Wars ' "  Stop playing politics with our military . ' " By the numbers : Recent defense spending CNN 's Tom Cohen , Brianna Keilar , Dan Lothian and Barbara Starr contributed to this report .	Leon Panetta expected to recommend smaller-than-anticipated increases in military pay Panetta steps up rhetoric about impact on Pentagon if automatic spending cuts take effect Obama recently called on Congress to come up with an alternative to the automatic cuts Two Republicans propose alternative to cuts in order to protect the military
CNN  -- Renewable energy is generating a lot of political heat . The bankruptcy of solar-panel manufacturer Solyndra , after a half billion dollar loan from the Federal government , has set off a hot debate on Capitol Hill . And a group of American-based solar companies are demanding 100 % tariffs on imports of Chinese solar panels . They charge that China unfairly competes by subsidizing the Chinese industry , which Beijing resolutely denies . All this , however , is occurring against a larger backdrop . Around the world renewable energy is going through a rebirth . It is becoming a big business . It is also becoming a more established part of the world 's overall energy supply . Last year , $ 120 billion was spent to install renewable electricity generation worldwide . Yet it is still a relatively small business compared to the overall energy business , and one that still faces big challenges in getting to scale on a global basis . The position of renewable energy is very different from where it was even a decade ago . The modern renewable industry -- wind , solar , and other forms of energy -- was born with a great deal of excitement in the 1970s and early 1980s . But the early hopes soon crashed on the harsh reality of lower energy prices and the fact that the technologies were still immature and not yet ready for primetime . The subsequent years were tough . For many people in the renewable business , the late 1980s and 1990s are remembered as the "  valley of death " as the pioneers struggled to hang on , often by their fingernails . But around the beginning of this century , several things came together to breathe new life into the field . Now , it was not only concerns about energy security and general environmental protection , which had stimulated the first boom . The rise of climate change as a central issue in energy policy drove governments to much more actively promote carbon-free electricity . The European Union 's energy policy is now predicated on using renewables to reduce carbon dioxide emissions by 80 % by 2050 . The other is the rapidly growing energy needs of emerging market countries such as China and India . They have turned to renewables as part of their future supply . As a senior official in Beijing told me , China used to regard the fierce winds in its northwest as a "  natural disaster , " but now they are prized as a "  very precious resource . " But it would be a mistake , as is sometimes said , to assume that China has embraced renewables as the only solution . In order to meet its rapidly growing needs for energy , China is pursuing all options -- oil and coal and natural gas and nuclear power , as well as renewables . Over the last decade , growing support by governments for renewable energy has been critical to its development . Germany and Denmark took the lead in repowering renewables with a new system of electricity rates that blended the higher cost of renewable power into the overall price . As a result , consumers do not see the direct cost of the renewables when it comes time to pay their bills . In the United States , both federal and state governments provide tax incentives and subsidies that have been critical in stimulating demand , with the aim of increasing output and reducing costs . Moreover , an increasing number of states now require that a certain percentage of electricity must be renewable -- the so-called "  renewable portfolio standards . " The most aggressive of all is California , where about 15 % of electricity today is renewable . Earlier this year , Gov. Jerry Brown signed a new law requiring that a third of California 's electricity be renewable by 2020 . This is considered extremely ambitious , especially given the state 's difficult economic situation and a 12 % unemployment rate . Renewables need to overcome two big hurdles . One is that the sun does not shine all the time , and wind does not blow all the time . As the renewable share of electric power goes up , this "  intermittency " will be a bigger concern . One solution is more use of natural gas as renewables ' "  partner " -- to generate electricity at those times when the sun and wind are off duty . Another -- the subject of much research -- is to find some way to store electricity in large scale . Success there would be a major breakthrough for renewable energy The other challenge is costs . Renewables are carbon free . But , without direct incentives and subsidies , renewables are still generally more expensive than competing sources . Technology also is critical . A "  great bubbling " of innovation is at work all across the energy spectrum , conventional as well as alternatives . In the case of renewables , much of the focus is on cost reduction . And certainly the technological advance is evident . A wind turbine today is a far larger and more sophisticated machine than a wind turbine of the 1980s , and it may produce as much as a hundred times more electricity . The costs of solar energy continue to come down , and many of the new approaches under development and in the lab are aimed at further cost reductions . To achieve big impact , however , renewables still need to establish that they are competitive at large scale . And they are not there yet . Indeed , they have run into an unexpected new challenge . This comes from the recent appearance of large volumes of low-cost natural gas , known as shale gas , which is extremely competitive as a fuel for electricity generation . That adds to the cost pressures on renewable energy . In the first half of 2011 , renewables constituted 9 % of total U.S. energy . But over 80 % of that renewable energy comes from three sources -- hydropower , which has been around a long time ; wood , which has been around even longer ; and biofuels , primarily ethanol in gasoline . Wind and solar are small , but they are growing . Wind today constitutes over 3 % of U.S. electricity . Solar is much , much smaller . As costs go down , more solar will come into use around the world . Solar panels will proliferate both on rooftops and in generating stations . As much as 6 % of the capacity installed between now and 2025 could be solar . But , in total , because of the huge size of the global electric power industry , it would only constitute 1 % of total electricity supply . In other words , wind and solar have much ground to cover , and it will take time . But they have been growing fast , and in the past few years , wind has been one of the main choices of many utilities for new generation . Wind-generated electricity today in the United States is 20 times greater than it was a decade ago . Overall , renewables are destined to grow . There will be cycles , and hills and valleys to cross -- but no more "  valley of death . " Renewable will be part of a growing global business that will be measured in hundreds of billions of dollars . But how big a role will they have in keeping on our lights and powering our computers and all the other proliferating gadgets on which we depend ? That will be determined by a mix of government policy , technological advance , the world 's energy needs -- and by sheer economics . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Daniel Yergin .	Daniel Yergin : Solyndra failure does n't mean renewable energy is in trouble He says renewables have become big business because of demand , climate change Solar and wind are still negligible contributors , but they are destined to grow , he says Yergin : Renewables must overcome cost issues , problem of "  intermittency "
Beirut , Lebanon  CNN  -- A political showdown now looms in Lebanon after a potential kingmaker threw his allegiance Friday behind the opposition Hezbollah . Druze leader Walid Jumblatt said his support lies with Syria and those who oppose a United Nations-backed tribunal 's investigation of the assassination of a former prime minister . "  I 'm assuring that the party will remain persistently on the side of Syria and the resistance , " Jumblatt said in a televised news conference Friday . Hezbollah 's military wing is often referred to as a resistance movement in the Muslim world . ` Kingmaker ' holds the key "  Hopefully , the democratic game will move away from the tensions and the sectarian alliances , and we should stay open for dialogue , despite the schism that has happened and will continue to happen , " said Jumblatt , who heads the Progressive Socialist Party . Members of Hezbollah forced the collapse of Lebanon 's Western-backed government last week because of now-caretaker Prime Minister Saad Hariri 's continued cooperation with the Special Tribunal for Lebanon . It is widely expected that the tribunal will indict members of the militant Shiite Muslim group for the 2005 killing of Hariri 's father , Prime Minister Rafik Hariri . The tribunal has scheduled a hearing for February 7 but it is unrelated to the indictment , said spokesman Crispin Thorold . A judge is currently reviewing the prosecutor 's probe results , a process that could take up to 10 weeks . After the government collapsed , Lebanese President Michel Suleiman asked Saad Hariri to stay on as caretaker prime minister . Suleiman will begin speaking with members of parliament Monday to see who they want to be prime minister . The system of power-sharing that prevails in Lebanon mandates that the prime minister 's office be reserved for a Sunni Muslim . The president is a Maronite Christian and the speaker of parliament is a Shiite Muslim . Jumblatt 's announcement Friday was key , just days ahead of the key talks with Suleiman . In the past , Jumblatt has supported the tribunal , and his 11-member parliamentary bloc was officially part of Hariri 's March 14 alliance . But recently , Jumblatt has become increasingly neutral , and now , he could play a decisive role in deciding who will be Lebanon 's next prime minister , given the small majority that Hariri 's alliance retains in the 128-seat parliament . "  The course of the tribunal has shifted to become a tool of destruction and has gone off the course of justice to enter the political bazaar and the blackmail market , " Jumblatt said . Hariri said Thursday he intends to regain his post . That announcement came after a flurry of mediation efforts by regional powers fizzled . If Lebanon 's crisis can not be settled , fears are that the Middle Eastern nation -- no stranger to sectarian strife -- could see more bloodshed . "  There is total mistrust between the parties and this is why a compromise is necessary , " Jumblatt told CNN . He said he was "  obliged " to take a side after "  forces of darkness " obstructed regional efforts to resolve the tribunal dispute and Lebanon 's political crisis . But , he said , "  even if I side , I will do my best to find out a compromise . " CNN 's Nada Husseini , Nic Robertson and Yousuf Basil contributed to this report .	Walid Jumblatt could play a decisive role in choosing the next prime minister He says he supports those who are opposed to a U.N.-backed tribunal The tribunal is expected to indict Hezbollah members in Rafik Hariri 's assassination
CNN  -- More than 30 years ago , 6-year-old Etan Patz vanished from a Manhattan street on his way to a school bus stop . His parents never saw him again . The case riveted millions . It also changed the country . Patz investigation a 33-year-long roller-coaster ride "  It awakened America , " Ernie Allen , president and chief executive officer of the National Center for Missing & Exploited Children , recently told CNN . "  It was the beginning of a missing children 's movement . " Thursday , Pedro Hernandez , a former Manhattan stock clerk who once lived in the same neighborhood as Etan , was arrested in connection with his death . The Patz case was the first of several high-profile cases that catapulted concern about missing children to the forefront of national consciousness . Basement search for Etan Patz clues ends Just weeks after Etan disappeared in May 1979 , an attacker abducted the first of more than 20 children to be kidnapped and killed in Atlanta , stirring fear until police arrested a suspect two years later . In another case that made headlines , in 1981 someone abducted 6-year-old Adam Walsh from a Florida shopping mall and killed him . The cases received increasing news coverage in a fast-changing landscape that saw a proliferation of media outlets with growing interest in compelling visual images -- such as a heart-rending photo of a smiling child or video of parents pleading for their child 's safe return . Overheard on CNN : Face on milk carton chipped away at our innocence The actual number of children who were kidnapped and killed did not change -- it 's always been a relatively small number -- but awareness of the cases skyrocketed , experts said in recent interviews that shed light on the issue of missing children . "  Interest in the situation exploded , " said Marc Klaas , whose 12-year-old daughter , Polly , was kidnapped and strangled to death in a 1993 case that also received intense news coverage . "  It really pulled the lid off of America 's dirty little secret , the fact that children are being victimized in large numbers , " he told CNN in April . The cases also stoked fear , sparked awareness and prompted change from politicians and police . In 1984 , Congress passed the Missing Children 's Assistance Act . That led to the creation of the National Center for Missing & Exploited Children . President Ronald Reagan opened the center in a White House ceremony in 1984 . It soon began operating a 24-hour toll-free hotline on which callers could report information about missing boys and girls . Police officers also started to respond more quickly to reports of missing children , experts said . After Etan disappeared , investigators tried what was then a novel technique to try to find him : They put his face on thousands of milk cartons , a technique that would become more common in the next few years . Relatives and authorities also put the images of missing children on billboards and fliers distributed by mail . Those more assertive efforts eventually led to the AMBER alert system , which broadcasts news about missing children on TV , radio , the Internet , mobile phones , lottery tickets and highway signs . That system has helped save 554 children , the federal government says . Most of them were recovered after the first-ever White House Conference on Missing , Exploited and Runaway Children in 2002 . Before the dramatic increase in awareness of crimes against children in the 1980s , only a few high-profile cases grabbed the public 's attention . Klaas points out that in 1873 , after a 4-year-old Philadelphia boy named Charley Ross disappeared , authorities produced the first missing-child flier . The 1932 disappearance and killing of Charles Lindbergh Jr. , the 20-month-old son of the world-famous aviator , attracted worldwide attention . It resulted in the Lindbergh Law , which permitted federal authorities to chase kidnappers across state lines . Even before the Etan Patz case , groups were working in the 1970s -- largely out of the spotlight -- on the issue of missing children . They advocated tougher rules in cases of children who were abducted by relatives , said Joel Best , a professor of sociology and criminal justice at the University of Delaware . Children abducted by relatives , runaways , and abductions by strangers are the three classifications of what came to be repackaged and rebranded by activists as "  missing children " in the late 1970s and early 1980s , he said . "  The missing children 's movement was the outgrowth of an earlier child-snatching movement , " Best said . Runaways comprise the largest number of the missing children , he said , and while there are few abductions by strangers , those "  emotional , wrenching stories " make an impact . Best spoke last month , after police dug up parts of a basement in an unsuccessful attempt to crack the case . So did Lisa Cohen , author of "  After Etan : The Missing Child Case that Held America Captive . " She said the Etan Patz case galvanized media-saturated New York . So did his photo , which Cohen called a "  beautiful " shot made by his photographer father , Stan . "  A picture is worth a thousand words , " she said . Cohen said people empathized with the angst of Stan and his wife Julie -- seen by TV viewers and newspapers readers as normal , intelligent and wise people . The case never ended , the story was never over , and the news outlets never stopped covering it . "  It started a ball rolling , " she said . "  There was a real momentum . " Barbara Friedman , associate professor of University of North Carolina 's School of Journalism and Mass Communication , has said such "  heinous crimes are always newsworthy " and "  have been reported in the press for as long as there has been a press . " "  As media became more plentiful and visual in the 1980s , child abductions and child murders allowed for the kinds of images that are at once intimate and universal -- like school photos and grieving families , " Friedman said . "  The use of milk cartons as another form of media to locate missing children was a way to bring the issue into the family space -- the breakfast table -- heightening awareness as well as anxieties . " Etan 's family and Adam Walsh 's parents have been particularly media savvy , she said , as they kept their cases front and center before the public and law enforcement . "  They were strategically and actively engaged in cultivating their attention . And in the age of the 24-hour news cycle , there were more reporters looking for substantive news stories and more space to fill , " she said . The case raised consciousness but also stirred fear . "  I think it ended an era of innocence in this country , " Allen said . "  Parents around the nation saw how it happened and thought , ` But for the grace of God , my child . ' "	NEW : New York police say a man has been arrested in the death of Etan Patz The case was the first of several high-profile missing children cases Etan 's photo was posted on milk cartons , a new idea at the time Abductions by strangers are rare ; runaways are much more numerous
CNN  -- Defending champion Roger Federer will seek to claim his fourth Cincinnati Masters title on Sunday when he faces Mardy Fish . The third seed Federer leads Fish 5-1 in career meetings , but Fish beat Federer in their last meeting in 2008 at Indian Wells , according to ATP World Tour 's Web site . In Saturday 's semifinal , Fish beat fellow American ninth seed Andy Roddick 4-6 , 7-6  3  , 6-1 after rallying from a set down and near-defeat in the second set , according to ATP World Tour . Two rain delays went in favor of Fish , the first coming when Roddick led 5-4 in the first set , giving each players an hour respite . The second delay came during the second set when Fish was facing near-defeat at 2-5 . Fish would return and force a tie-breaker , which he 'd win , followed by a dominant deciding set . "  I 've never felt better on the court , and I 've never been more confident and I 've never played better , " Fish said , according to ATP World Tour 's Web site . "  I 've won a lot of matches this summer . -LSB- The weight loss -RSB- has a ton to do with it , " he added , referring to some 30 pounds  13.6 kilos  he has shed . Of the weather , Roddick said , according to ATP World Tour , "  That 's the thing with rain delays . The momentum can shift really fast . " Federer , playing against Cypriot Marcos Baghdatis in the other Saturday semifinal , won handedly 6-4 , 6-3 . The five-time ATP World Tour No. 1 from Switzerland dropped only three points on first serve and attributed a more aggressive game , including rushes to the net , to his downtime since Wimbledon . "  After Wimbledon I had six weeks to work on a few things . On the hard courts it 's nice to play forwards and not always be defensive and let the other guy dictate , " ATP World Tour quoted Federer as saying . "  I 'm happy that the hard work is paying off right away . " Baghdatis , now ranked 20th , on Friday upset world No. 1 Rafael Nadal for the first time in his career following six defeats to the Spaniard . Federer is seeking only his second title this year following January 's Australian Open success .	Fish beats fellow American Andy Roddick 4-6 , 7-6  3  , 6-1 Federer , playing against Baghdatis in the other semifinal , wins 6-4 , 6-3 Baghdatis had earlier upset Nadal
CNN  -- After the attack on the Westgate mall in Nairobi , Kenya , substantial attention was given to the some 40 Americans who have traveled to fight for Al-Shabaab in Somalia during the past several years . But much less attention has focused on Al-Shabaab 's supporters in the United States who have helped to fund the terrorist group . Those supporters have funneled tens of thousands of dollars via money transfer businesses to the terrorist organization and have often maintained direct contact with Al-Shabaab leaders and fighters in Somalia . After the 9/11 attacks , when it became clear to investigators that al Qaeda 's deadly assaults on New York and Washington had cost as much as $ 500,000 to mount , the U.S. government became far more aggressive about trying to block funds going to terrorist organizations . Al-Shabaab breaks new ground with complex attack Part of that process involved a determined effort to sort through which groups were terrorist organizations . On 9/11 there were only 26 terrorist groups on the State Department 's list of designated Foreign Terrorist Organizations . Today there are 51 , among them Al-Shabaab , which was designated in March 2008 . The result of that designation was that it was now illegal for a person in the United States to knowingly provide Al-Shabaab with money , training , expertise , false documentation , communications equipment , weapons or explosives , or to join the group . Opinion : Al-Shabaab is fighting for its survival On that basis , a number of cases have emerged : • In Rochester , Minnesota , two women from Somalia who had become naturalized U.S. citizens helped organize funding for Al-Shabaab . Hawo Hassan , a 64-year-old adult day care worker , and Amina Farah Ali , 35 , set up a dedicated teleconference line to raise funds for Al-Shabaab . Hundreds of interested individuals called in to these teleconferences , and after each one Hassan and Ali recorded pledges of funds from the callers . After a teleconference on October 26 , 2008 , the two women received pledges from 21 individuals totaling $ 2,100 in funds for Al-Shabaab . These teleconferences often featured Al-Shabaab figures . In one teleconference , an Al-Shabaab female leader exhorted the listening audience to send funds . In another , Mahad Karate , the head of Al-Shabaab 's intelligence wing , told the members of the listening audience that jihad "  is waged financially " and that their help was needed . The two female Al-Shabaab fund-raisers also went door to door in Minnesota to raise contributions , often under false pretenses claiming contributions were for war orphans in Somalia . During a phone call with her Al-Shabaab financial contact , Ali stated , "  I tell the people to collect money in the name of the poor . Nobody is aware of the money I send to you . " Prosecutors said it was clear from the phone conversations that they monitored that the two women knew that they were raising money for Al-Shabaab , a group that had been designated a terrorist organization by the U.S. State Department . Both women were convicted of providing funds to Al-Shabaab and were sentenced to lengthy prison terms this year . Opinion : Al-Shabaab 's American allies • Similarly , Ahmed Hussein Mahamud , a 27-year-old man , raised money from the Minnesota Somali community under the pretense that the money was going to a local mosque or to help orphans in Somalia . Instead he transferred the funds to fellow conspirators who had traveled from Minnesota to fight in Somalia to help them buy weapons . He and his co-conspirators transferred $ 1,500 to help Al-Shabaab . Mahamud pleaded guilty last year . • Nima Ali Yusuf , a 25-year-old San Diego woman , who pleaded guilty in December 2011 to sending $ 1,450 to help fund Al-Shabaab , was in telephone contact with some of the Somali-American men fighting in Somalia for Al-Shabaab . • In 2007 , Aden Hashi Ayrow , a Al-Shabaab leader , contacted Basaaly Saeed Moalin , a cabdriver in San Diego , asking him to fund his group . In January 2008 , Ayrow told Moalin that he needed to know how much money was being sent monthly to his group , even if it was only $ 100 , because even relatively small amounts of money could make a big difference in Somalia , which is one of the poorest countries in the world . To keep an Al-Shabaab foot soldier in the field only cost a dollar a day . At Ayrow 's request , Moalin organized other members of the Somali-American community to help provide funding . Moalin recruited three others members of the Somali-American community and together they sent $ 8,500 to Al-Shabaab between 2007 and 2008 . All four were later convicted of providing support to Al-Shabaab . • Another Al-Shabaab supporter in St Louis , cabdriver Mohamud Abdi Yusuf , was part of a group of men that sent $ 21,000 to Kenya and Somalia for Al-Shabaab . Yusuf pleaded guilty to giving support to the terrorist group . Opinion : Al-Shabaab ` Lord of the Flies ' with guns Since Al-Shabaab was designated as a terrorist organization , the U.S. Justice Department has mounted "  Operation Rhino " to combat Al-Shabaab 's support network in the States and has convicted 12 individuals for providing funds to Al-Shabaab , according to a count by the New America Foundation . This seems to have had a real deterrent effect . As a result of the publicity these cases have had in the Somali-American community , indictments for Al-Shabaab fund-raising have slowed considerably . And the last time a Somali-American was indicted for raising money for Al-Shabaab was 2011 .	Bergen : Al-Shabaab bolstered not only by U.S. recruits but also by U.S. financial backers He says the terrorist group has received illegal funding from sympathizers in the U.S. U.S. authorities have succeeded in prosecuting Al-Shabaab supporters , Bergen says
Los Angeles  CNN  -- The co-author of a study on propofol addiction funded by AEG Live and used in their defense in the Michael Jackson wrongful death trial lost his medical license for writing illegal drug prescriptions , according to testimony . Dr. Torin Finver was hired to help with the AEG Live study after he lost his job at a pizza parlor and took a job driving a Goodwill truck , said Dr. Paul Earley , who testified Wednesday as an expert witness for the concert promoter . Finver was "  destitute , dead broke , and I wanted to help him , " Earley , himself a recovering heroin addict , testified . The revelation was a bizarre twist in the trial of the billion-dollar lawsuit filed by Jackson 's mother and three children , which is being heard by a Los Angeles jury . The four-month-long trial is nearing a conclusion . AEG Live lawyers will announce if they have any more witnesses to call before playing the video depositions of three more doctors on Friday . Jackson lawyers would then take several days to call rebuttal witnesses before closing arguments are heard , which is likely to happened around September 23 . Earley testified that he never disclosed to AEG Live lawyers that his co-author had lost his medical license . Ironically , the company is being accused of the negligent hiring of Dr. Conrad Murray , convicted in Jackson 's death because it allegedly failed to check Murray 's background before hiring him . Jackson lawyer Kevin Boyle also grilled Earley over his nondisclosure that he was working as a paid consultant in AEG Live 's defense when he submitted the study for publication in a medical journal . He said the concert promoter did not try to influence his findings , which were published in March in the Journal of Addiction Medicine . Nurse details Michael Jackson 's fatal search for sleep Jackson lawyers are hoping the controversy over Earley 's work for AEG Live will distract jurors from his conclusion that Michael Jackson was a drug addict with a "  grave prognosis " that would have shortened his life had he not died of an overdose of the surgical anesthetic propofol on June 25 , 2009 . Each dose of an anesthetic his doctor gave him to help him sleep was like playing "  Russian roulette , " Earley said . Murray told investigators he gave Jackson infusions of propofol for 60 nights to treat his insomnia as the entertainer prepared for his comeback concerts . Lawyers for the concert promoter hired Earley in their effort to downplay damages the company might have to pay if found liable in the pop icon 's death . How much longer Jackson might have lived -- and earned money touring -- will be important if the jury decides AEG Live is liable for damages in Jackson 's death . Jackson lawyers contend he would have earned more than $ 1.5 billion touring the world over the next several years . Katherine Jackson and her three grandchildren sued Michael Jackson 's last concert promoter , contending the company is liable in his death because it hired , retained or supervised the doctor convicted of involuntary manslaughter . AEG Live lawyers contend it was Jackson , not the promoter , who chose and controlled Murray , and say AEG executives had no way of knowing about the dangerous treatments the doctor was giving Jackson in the privacy of his bedroom . Jackson 's mom remembers her ` sweet little boy ' Earley : Jackson went ` doctor shopping ' Despite writing a blog six weeks after Jackson 's death titled "  Michael Jackson : Addiction in the Privileged , " Earley testified Tuesday that there "  was insufficient evidence that he was addicted to propofol . " "  He was given propofol initially for appropriate medical procedures , but at some point , he began seeking out physicians who would administer propofol to him , " Earley testified . The last two instances of "  doctor shopping " for propofol were late March and April of 2009 , when Jackson asked an anesthesiologist to go on tour with him and then asked a nurse to help him find an anesthesiologist , he said . Earley said there was no evidence Jackson 's search for a doctor to give him propofol continued after AEG Live Co-CEO Paul Gongaware sent an e-mail to the singer 's assistant on May 6 , 2009 , telling him Murray had agreed to take the job as his personal physician for the "  This Is It " tour . "  Done at $ 150k a month , " Gongaware wrote . "  Sounds like he got it , " Earley testified . The Jackson family 's lawyers contend that AEG Live executives ignored warning signs that Jackson 's health began deteriorating after Murray began attending to him on a daily basis . Show workers sent e-mails describing a paranoid and frail Jackson who could n't perform his standard dances or remember words to songs he had sung for decades . A Harvard Medical School sleep expert , testifying in June for the Jacksons , concluded that the 60 nights of propofol infusions apparently robbed Jackson of rapid eye movement sleep , which is vital to keep the brain and body alive . "  The symptoms that Mr. Jackson was exhibiting were consistent with what someone might expect to see of someone suffering from total sleep deprivation over a chronic period , " Dr. Charles Czeisler testified . AEG expert : Jackson was a drug addict Expert 's conflict ? Soon after AEG Live 's lawyers hired Earley as a consultant on propofol addiction in 2011 , they agreed to fund his scientific research , which resulted in his paper titled "  Addiction to Propofol : A Study of 22 Treatment Cases . " The American Society of Addiction Medicine published the study in March . Earley insisted in his testimony that AEG Live 's funding did not influence the conclusions of his study or his testimony in the trial . But the Jackson lawyer hammered the doctor about the lack of disclosure to the scientific journal and his collaborator that he was being paid to be an expert witness in the trial . He informed them that he was doing research for the company , but the trial aspect was "  irrelevant , " Earley said . "  It 's irrelevant to health care professionals , " he said . "  It would n't affect their understanding of the paper . "	NEW : Co-author of AEG Live propofol study was hired after losing pizza parlor job NEW : Study co-author was "  destitute , dead broke , " AEG Live expert testifies AEG Live funded the expert 's propofol research paper The wrongful death case is nearing an end after four months
Hong Kong  CNN  -- Qantas has agreed a 10-year partnership with Emirates , as it seeks to revitalize its ailing international business . As part of the deal , the Australian carrier will transfer its hub for European flights from Singapore to Dubai from April next year -- subject to regulatory approval . Qantas said its daily Airbus A380 services to London from Melbourne and Sydney will transit via Dubai 's Terminal 3 , the world 's only purpose-built A380 terminal . More : 10 of the world 's top airport lounges "  This is a partnership of independent peers , based on shared standards and aspirations , " said Qantas CEO Alan Joyce at a joint press conference with Emirates President , Tim Clark , in Sydney Thursday . "  We have agreed to join forces to give our customers the most comprehensive premium travel experience on the planet . "  We will be poised to deliver the best in networks , frequencies , lounges , loyalty programs and customer experience . " He added that the deal would not involve equity investment on either side . Joyce said the new partnership would benefit its frequent flyers in particular , with the airlines offering reciprocal access to tier status benefits , including end-to-end recognition of customers , lounge access and priority check-in and boarding . The deal comes at a time when the Australian carrier 's international business continues to hemorrhage money . Earlier this month Qantas announced its first annual loss since being privatized in 1995 -- $ 256 million for the year to June 30 . It also scrapped an order worth $ 8.5 billion for 35 Boeing 787 "  Dreamliner " jets , as it battles the effects of soaring fuel prices and industrial action . Emirates , which has itself experienced the crippling effects of rising fuel costs , also welcomed the deal . "  The time was right for developing a long term , future forward partnership with Qantas , the iconic Australian airline , " Clark said . "  Since our first flights began in 1996 , Australia has long been a popular destination for Emirates leisure and business travelers , making it one of the top three destinations in our network . "  By establishing this partnership we are providing our passengers with additional connectivity in Australia and the region and the ability to utilize enhanced frequent flyer benefits , and have access to premium lounges for an exceptional travel experience , " he added . Shares in Qantas rose by almost 5 % on news of the alliance .	Australian carrier will transfer its hub for European flights from Singapore to Dubai Qantas CEO Alan Joyce says the new partnership will benefit frequent flyers Emirates : Deal provides passengers with additional connectivity in Australia Qantas ' international arm is struggling with losses amid soaring costs
CNN  -- World number one Caroline Wozniacki held off a late charge from home favorite Bethanie Mattek-Sands to reach the third round of the Sony Ericsson Open in Miami on Thursday . After cruising through the opening set , the Dane looked to heading for an easy win as she raced to a 5-3 lead in the second , but the flamboyant Mattek Sands produced a brief fight back before Wozniacki eventually closed out proceedings 6-2 7-5 . "  It was pretty tough because Beth just went for it , " the 20-year-old , who received a bye through the first round of the Florida hard-court tournament , told the official WTA Tour website . "  You never know what to expect from her -- she goes for her shots . It 's difficult to get a rhythm . I just had to fight . " French Open finalist Sam Stosur was in impressive form taking just 58 minutes to knock out Zheng Jie of China 6-2 6-1 . The world No. 4 wil nowl face 31st-ranked Lucie Safarova in the third round of the Premier level event , after the Czech recorded a straightforward 6-2 6-4 win over Switzerland 's Patty Schnyder . Two former world No. 1s Jelena Jankovic of Serbia and Russia 's Maria Sharapova also had easy opening matches , as the pair claimed straight sets wins over Monica Niculescu and Petra Martic respectively . They were joined in the third round by fellow ex top-10 players Svetlana Kuznetsova of Russia , who beat Simona Halep 6-0 6-4 and Slovakia 's Daniela Hantuchova , who posted a 6-1 6-3 victory over American Melanie Oudin . However , there were shock exits for three current top-20 players -- world No. 11 Shahar Peer lost to Anabel Medina Garrigues 6-2 6-2 , 13th-ranked Flavia Pennetta fell to Iveta Benesova 6-3 6-0 and Australian Open runner-up Li Na of China lost to Swedish youngster Johanna Larsson 7-5 6-7 7-6 . Meanwhile in the men 's first round draw , Japan 's Kei Nishikori put any concerns about the situation in his home country behind him as he beat France 's Jeremy Chardy in straight sets . After playing in a charity football match to raise money for victims of the recent earthquake and tsunami on Wednesday , the 21-year-old came through 7-6 6-2 to set up a second-round meeting with world No. 1 Rafael Nadal . "  I 'm really excited to play Rafa , " he told the official ATP Tour website . "  I have to do something different in my game of course , more aggressive than usual . " Czech Radek Stepanek booked a second-round clash with two-time champion Roger Federer , after the former top-10 player beat Italy 's Fabio Fognini 6-3 7-6 . Serbia 's Janko Tipsarevic progressed with a 6-4 7-6 win over Dutchman Robin Haase , while Spain 's Feliciano Lopez also made it through after battling past up-and-coming Lithuanian Richard Berankis 4-6 7-6 6-3 . There were also defeats for other emerging talent on the ATP Tour as 18-year Ryan Harrison lost to veteran German Rainer Schuettler 7-5 6-2 , fellow-teenager Grigor Dimitrov was beaten by Ukrainian Sergiy Stakhovsky 6-2 6-4 and American wild card Jack Sock lost to Argentine Carlos Berlocq 7-5 7-6 .	Caroline Wozniacki makes third round in Miami after beating Bethanie Mattek-Sands World No. 4 Sam Stosur progresses with straight sets win over China 's Zheng Jie Former world No. 1s Jelena Jankovic and Maria Sharapova both record wins Kei Nishikori and Radek Stepanek set up respective ties with Nadal and Federer
InStyle  -- It all boils down to this . It does n't really matter all that much what hot , nubile French maverick has set the fashion world on fire . Or which Milanese visionary has a new fabric technique discovered during a life-changing trip to Angkor Wat that 's sure to bring back sixties minimalism with a twist . Or that so-and-so has signed a deal to develop boutique spa hotels around the globe in former monasteries . Because , in the end , he 's Ralph Lauren , and we 're not . Ralph Lauren has his eye on China and Japan . For four decades no other designer has had a greater impact , not only on the way American men and women dress but also on the way they imagine , seek and indulge in the Good Life , than the former tie salesman from the Bronx . "  Those ties were handmade , by the way , " recalls Lauren . "  Back then , ties , even designer ones , did n't sell for more than $ 5 apiece . Mine were $ 12 to $ 15 . Such luxury in something so simple was revolutionary . " And ironic . Because while no other designer logo exemplifies aspiration in the home of the free and the brave like the mallet-wielding guy on the pony , Lauren originally named his company Polo because "  it was the sport of kings . It was glamorous , sexy and international . " See his designs " In the beginning a few people questioned if it was named after Marco Polo -- but today the fact that virtually none of Lauren 's millions of devoted customers has ever even seen a polo match is immaterial . Lauren instinctively caught something that was in the air before any of his competitors had a chance to grab it -- the desire , not just to be a success but to look like one before you 'd even achieved your goal . What 's more , Lauren made it look as easy as Fred Astaire dancing down a staircase . "  What matters the most to me are clothes that are consistent and accessible , " says the designer . "  When I look at the people I 've admired over the years , the ultimate stars , like Frank Sinatra , Cary Grant and Astaire , the ones who last the longest are the ones whose style has a consistency , whose naturalness is part of their excitement . And when you think of the blur of all the brands that are out there , the ones you believe in and the ones you remember , like Chanel and Armani , are the ones that stand for something . Fashion is about establishing an image that consumers can adapt to their own individuality . And it 's an image that can change , that can evolve . It does n't reinvent itself every two years . " However , with a media that is insatiable for the new , the now and the next , being steadfast does n't always make for good copy . "  The spotlight is always going to search for the newcomer , " Lauren admits . "  And that 's fine . But the key to longevity is to keep doing what you do better than anyone else . We work real hard at that . It 's about getting your message out to the consumer . It 's about getting their trust , but also getting them excited , again and again . My clothes -- the clothes we make for the runway -- are n't concepts . They go into stores . Our stores . Thankfully , we have lots of them , " says Lauren . "  What I rely on is people walking into my store saying , ' I want your clothes . ' " Well , if all of Lauren 's customers shouted that together , he would go deaf faster than he could pull on one of his classic pullovers . Lauren 's effortless luxury is all over the red carpet , on ski slopes and boats , at Wimbledon and elsewhere . It furnishes living rooms and graces dinner tables . It 's on the bed , in the bed and under the bed -- and now sits on coffee tables , thanks to the tome Ralph Lauren  Rizzoli  , celebrating his 40-years-and-growing career . But far from giving his customary over-the-head wave and riding off into his Colorado-ranch sunset , the designer is going even more global . "  Americans have a real inferiority about their own style . We 've brought sportswear to the world , and yet we have a long way to go . " Already in Milan , London , Paris and Moscow , Lauren has more stores planned for China , Japan ... oh , everywhere . "  There are n't enough Americans out there , " he says . Who better to start with than Ralph ? Just as long as he does n't let on that most of us still ca n't play a lick of polo . E-mail to a friend Get a FREE TRIAL issue of InStyle - CLICK HERE ! Copyright © 2007 Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Ralph Lauren began as tie salesman from the Bronx First design : Wide ties when others were narrow Has designed high fashion for four decades Goal : Glamorous clothing that is "  consistent and accessible "
Financial Times  -- While most consumer goods companies are seeking opportunities in China , domestic condom maker Safedom is going in the opposite direction -- seeking European partners or acquisitions as part of a bid to go global . The company , majority-owned by its founder , has grown rapidly in its short life . It will sell 200m condoms this year , all within China , and is targeting sales of 1bn next year ; the same number that Durex , the world 's biggest player , was producing in the country within three years . Brian Fu , chief executive , was in the UK last week "  meeting potential partners and acquisitions " . Funding for any deal will either come from existing shareholders , bank loans or possibly through an overseas stock market listing , he said . Despite the size of the market on its own doorstep -- and added attraction of a government-mandated one-child policy -- Safedom sees its future on the international stage . It reckons its virus-proof latex condoms will enable it to compete alongside the global players such as Durex , now part of Reckitt Benckiser , and Ansell of Australia . However , Mr Fu said that the strength of his company -- whose range includes Beautiful Girl , Take Me and Green Lemon -- was in manufacturing and technology , and going global required bringing in branding and marketing expertise . Sales outlets and channels are also likely to vary from China , where half of all condoms are bought by women . "  We think we have good leading edge technology and a good management team . What we lack is the branding part : we are not well known , " Mr Fu said . According to Global Industry Analysts , the data publishers , the global condom market is set to hit 27bn units , worth $ 6bn , by 2015 , driven by demand from emerging economies including China and Africa . Safedom plans to start selling in Bangladesh and countries in Africa shortly . But in China , as with other consumer goods ranging from cars to handbags , the stress is on bling . At the opulent Venetian casino in Macao , Safedom sells single condoms for HK$ 50  US$ 6  a throw and , according to Mr Fu , designer condoms  presumably fake  are available online at US$ 65 apiece . So far , roughly one-quarter of the group 's sales have been to the government , which distributes them free of charge , but that proportion is expected to shrink . "  In the old days free condoms were welcomed by the people , " said Shuyu Xu , director of international sales . "  But now people can afford to pay and will go to the pharmacy to buy the best , most fancy ones . " © The Financial Times Limited 2011	China condom maker Safedom is looking to go global , aiming at industry giant Durex The company , majority-owned by its founder , has grown rapidly in its short life
CNN  -- An American student is in critical condition after undergoing two operations after chimpanzees tore at his body in front of tourists at a South African animal sanctuary , a hospital spokeswoman told CNN on Tuesday . Andrew Oberle , a primatology student from the University of Texas at San Antonio , was being treated at a Johannesburg hospital after two chimps attacked him Thursday , spokeswoman Robyn Baard said . "  He went though a 6-hour procedure of which doctors cleaned out his wounds and now it 's a case of wait and see , and just to keep him sedated and comfortable for now , " she said . Oberle had been at the Jane Goodall Institute 's Chimp Eden since May , according to Eugene Cussons , the facility 's managing director . Oberle was at the sanctuary , near Nelspruit , South Africa , for the second time after training and volunteering there in 2010 . His training included an explanation about "  no-go " areas , spaces for animals where people are not supposed to go . Witnesses to the attack said that Oberle went into a no-go area because he seemed to want to remove a stone close to one of the animals that could have been picked up and thrown around , Cussons told CNN . Oberle crossed one barrier and approached a second one , which is a main fence with 24 strands of electrical wiring , Cussons said . Two male chimps grabbed Oberle and tried to drag him under the fence , but were not able to yank him into their enclosure . Zookeeper killed by wolves in Sweden Cussons said he estimates the attack lasted 15 minutes . At some point , people tried to stop the chimps , and Cussons shot two rounds in the air to see if that might get them to retreat , he said . One of the chimps then charged at Cussons , he said . Cussons shot that chimp in the abdomen , he told CNN , and it seemed to shriek as a kind of signal to other chimps that there was a more powerful threat present . The chimps then backed off , he said . Oberle was rescued and transported for medical care . None of the 13 tourists , most of them from local areas , were harmed , officials said . The chimp that was shot had an operation at the Johannesburg zoo to repair damage to his small and large intestines . Hospital spokeswoman Baard declined to discuss the nature of Oberle 's wounds . She said the student 's parents had requested privacy , adding that they are "  quite traumatized . " The sanctuary , which is featured in the Animal Planet program "  Escape to Chimp Eden , " remains closed and its staff is receiving counseling , executive director David Oosthuizen said . There are no plans right now to euthanize the chimps involved in the attack , said Dries Pienaar , who is leading the investigation into the incident . He works for a parks agency that makes sure zoos , sanctuaries and breeding projects comply with the law . Pienaar told CNN that his preliminary findings are that human error is to blame , but he cautioned that his investigation is not complete and that he wants to interview Oberle . He has n't spoken to all of the tourists yet , either . Chimp Eden was established as a home for rescued chimpanzees . Many of the primates have suffered "  horrible injuries and abuse from humans , " according to the sanctuary . Neville Pillay , head of animal behavior at Wits University , said that violence in chimpanzees is not at all unusual . "  Chimpanzees are known to be violent , and they can kill other animals . And male chimpanzees are particularly strong , " he said . Dave Salmoni , an expert in large predators for Animal Planet , said abused and captive chimpanzees can be particularly dangerous , likening the chimps to troubled prison inmates . "  Now this is a very nice prison , but it 's a prison nonetheless , " he said Monday . "  And that 's why you can see a lot of acting out behavior , and in some cases , with chimpanzees , they act out just because they can . " Oberle was passionate about studying chimpanzees , his friend Anthony Reimherr told CNN affiliate KXAN . He said it was "  intriguing " to listen to Oberle when he spoke about the animals . "  It 's just something that he loved to do , and I think it 's something that he 'll always continue to do , " Reimherr said . Laboratory chimps get new lease on life CNN 's Nkepile Mabuse contributed to this report .	Chimps attacked student Andrew Oberle at a South Africa sanctuary Oberle is in critical condition at a Johannesburg hospital The sanctuary is closed and its staff is receiving counseling There are no plans to euthanize the chimps involved , investigator says
CNN  -- When President Barack Obama said recently that "  we do n't have a strategy yet " to defeat the Islamic State -- also known as ISIS or ISIL -- many people were scandalized . Columnists attacked him for what they said was his admission of a deep failure . His own staff had to run around defending and explaining what he said . It was seen as a terrible blunder . Maybe it was . Or maybe it was n't . The truth is that 13 years after the September 11 attacks , the United States does not have an effective strategy for dealing with radical Islamists and their deep commitment to waging war against us and against our civilization . Much like the man who has a hammer and therefore assumes every problem is a nail , our bureaucracies have tried for 13 years to redefine the problem into something they are comfortable dealing with . Two long , bitter wars -- Afghanistan is now the longest war in American history , four years longer than the American Revolution and almost three times the length of American participation in World War II -- have not made America and its allies safer . The emergence of the Islamic State , as the terror group calls itself , is a further reminder that the analysis and predictions of the intelligence community , the military and the State Department have often been just plain wrong . Islamic State controls vast regions in two countries and has substantial military equipment . It is not just a new problem in nation-state relations . Whether to engage it inside Iraq or Syria is not the key question . Instead , the most important aspect about Islamic State is that it is a vector for attracting , training and preparing foreign terrorists from all over the world . Islamic State comprises 10,000 potential terrorists from more than 50 countries . Estimates vary widely on how many Americans have gone Syria to join ISIS and other extremist groups . Some officials say dozens have gone ; House Intelligence Committee Chairman Mike Rogers says "  hundreds . " At least one of them , from Minneapolis , was recently killed . Why it took Obama so long to address his no ISIS strategy comments More than 500 potential terrorists are believed to have traveled from Great Britain to join ISIS . It 's believed that the two American journalists were beheaded by the same man , and experts believe he is from England . British Prime Minister David Cameron has begun to recognize the depth and power of the terrorism crisis . He is proposing a series of major legal changes in Britain to eliminate would-be terrorists from British life . There will be even more draconian laws proposed in the near future if this conflict escalates . We are facing a new kind of crisis in the rise of radical Islamists who spread their ideology worldwide through the Internet and through human networking . It is a global phenomenon and the analytical models and strategic patterns that have worked with nation-states will simply fail when applied to the Islamic State and its fellow terrorists in Hamas , Boko Haram , Libyan militants , Yemeni jihadis or any other group . We need a new analysis with new language and new strategies that relate to defeating a viral system that spreads across national boundaries . We 're better off with a president who does n't have a good strategy and knows he does n't than with a president who has a bad strategy but thinks he has a good one . For most of his administration , the president was firmly in the latter category , so his recent epiphany marks an improvement . If there is a silver lining in President Obama 's disastrous foreign policy , it has been in awakening Americans and perhaps even the President himself to the need for a profound rethinking of our approach to radical Islamism .	Critics pounced when President Obama said "  we do n't have a strategy yet " to defeat ISIS Newt Gingrich : But it 's true -- 13 years after 9/11 , we do n't have strategy for defeating extremists Gingrich : We need a new strategy toward a whole new breed of extremists He says it 's better if you have no good strategy and know it than to implement a bad one
Washington  CNN  -- Chuck Hagel is , to some conservatives , a party turncoat whose views on the use of military force and his chumminess with the president make many Republicans ' skin crawl . The candidate for defense secretary is seen as Obama 's most controversial nominee for his second-term Cabinet . The former two-term Republican senator from Nebraska will likely face a tough Senate confirmation hearing Thursday , but is expected to be confirmed , nevertheless . Obama 's Cabinet : Who 's in , who 's out ? But none of that is stopping conservative groups , and billionaire activist Sheldon Adelson , from pushing hard and spending hundreds of thousands of dollars on ads to block the nomination . "  If it 's a strategy , it does n't seem like a particularly enlightened one , " said Thomas Mann , a senior fellow at the Brookings Institution and co-author of the book "  It 's Even Worse Than It Looks : How the American Constitutional System Collided With the New Politics of Extremism . " "  They almost certainly realize they 're going to lose and that he 'll be confirmed . " The effort is partly about making a public ado about Hagel , Mann said . "  They want to show some sort of collective reaction against it and a number of their key interests are pumped up about it , so they figure why not make a fight out of it ? " New ads from anti-Hagel group sound alarm bells At least two groups publicly released ads last week slamming the nominee . Americans for a Strong Defense put out a 30-second spot that urged viewers to call their senator and vote against Hagel 's confirmation "  before it 's too late . " Another group , the American Future Fund , also revealed a new spot targeting Hagel 's record in the Senate . Adelson , the Las Vegas conservative financier who also heads the Republican Jewish Coalition , was reportedly calling Republican senators personally to urge them to vote against Hagel , according to The New York Times . But the opponents also have significant concerns about Hagel 's record . Hagel in 2007 remarked that the "  Jewish lobby intimidated lawmakers . " Republicans who are already uncomfortable with President Barack Obama 's policies toward Israel are hard-pressed to embrace a defense secretary with such views . Five things Hagel may be asked "  For a lot of groups , especially Jewish and conservative groups that care about Israel , this is a fundamental issue of right and wrong , " said Ari Fleischer , former White House press secretary under President George W. Bush , CNN contributor and board member of the Republican Jewish Coalition . "  Despite the fact that this is an uphill fight , groups are making the fight because they believe in it . " Sens. Chuck Schumer , D-New York , and Barbara Boxer , D-California , are perhaps the two highest-profile Jewish senators who have announced their support for Hagel after speaking privately with him in recent days . Then there is Hagel 's criticism of the Iraq War and the Patriot Act . Hagel has also faced some criticism on both sides of the aisle because of past positions he has taken on Iran and on U.S. military action . And in 1998 he spoke of an ambassadorial nominee as being "  openly , aggressively gay , " remarks for which he has since apologized . A view of what 's really behind Hagel nomination fight And he has n't been sparing in his criticism of conservative and GOP figures , saying radio show hosts like Rush Limbaugh "  try to rip everybody down " but "  do n't have any answers , " and labeling Bush as callous on Iraq . "  In a town that seems too focused too often on personalities and politics , this is a matter of conviction based on policy -- the wrong man for the job , " Senate Minority Whip John Cornyn , R-Texas , told CNN . Sen. John McCain , R-Arizona , prominent among politicians who have questioned Hagel 's suitability for the job , recently told CNN he will not exert his power to block Hagel 's nomination , but "  I plan to make a judgment as to whether I think he 's appropriate to be secretary of defense or not . " But some Republicans also believed that Hagel , like Susan Rice , was vulnerable , according to political experts .  Rice , the U.S. ambassador to the United Nations , withdrew her name from consideration for secretary of state after drawing heavy criticism from McCain and other Republicans over her public statements about the deadly September 11 attack on the U.S. consulate in Benghazi , Libya  . "  There is an element of strategic calculation going on here , " said Alan Abramowitz , a political science professor at Emory University . "  They see him as being more vulnerable and they have a chance to stop this nomination or embarrass the president or at least make it more difficult for him . " Kerry defends fellow Cabinet nominee Hagel Groups opposing Hagel released new television ads recently with dire warnings of what they think could happen should Hagel be confirmed . The first spot , from Americans for a Strong Defense , uses themes that mimic a movie trailer for a spy/action thriller . The 30-second spot says "  we live in a dangerous world " and points to threats from Iran , North Korea , and "  even Russia . " "  But Barack Obama 's nominee for secretary of defense wants America to back down , " the narrator continues . "  An end to our nuclear program . Devastating defense cuts . A weaker country . " The narrator then urges viewers to call their senator and vote against Hagel 's confirmation "  before it 's too late . " Hagel 's other war The American Future Fund plans to run television ads in Washington and in certain states against Obama 's nominee , the group said , as well as print ads , web spots , and a website . Sources close to the group said they would spend about $ 500,000 to air the new ad on CNN and Fox News Channel . They call it an "  all the above " strategy that "  will be nationwide , focused on the many disqualifying characteristics of the Hagel nomination -- including not only his now well-known statements against Israel and his weak opposition to the Iranian nuclear threat , but also his to be disclosed personal , business and ethical conflicts . " McCain moves from backer to skeptic on Hagel Increasingly , outside groups are going to get more involved in nomination fights , said American Future Fund spokesman Stuart Roy . "  I think what have seen are outside groups get more involved , it has n't be unusual for outside groups to get involved in Supreme Court nominations , " Roy said . "  I think what you see now are additional groups getting involved in communicating about other nominations that are particularly problematic or controversial . Chuck Hagel 's nomination to defense secretary in this administration is a particularly troubling and controversial nomination . " The opposition is also about policy and personality . Conservative groups take issue with Hagel 's policy positions , but also , "  They do n't like the fact that he is a supporter of President Obama , " said Andra Gillespie , an associate professor of political science at Emory University in Atlanta . "  Republicans have been playing opposition politics for four years and it 's not easy to come out of that mold , " he said . "  In Hagel 's case there 's no love lost . They see him as someone as who turned on his party and they do n't want there to be any confusion that this is a real Republican going into the Obama Cabinet . " Opinion : Reality check for Hagel bashers CNN 's Ashley Killough , Gregory Wallace , Barbara Starr and Paul Steinhauser contributed to this report .	Conservative groups fight Sen. Chuck Hagel 's confirmation as defense secretary Regardless , many believe he will be confirmed after Thursday 's hearings Experts say they may be trying to show they can fight the good fight
CNN  -- Prague has not been nicknamed "  Zlata Praha " or "  Golden Prague " for no good reason . The well-deserved eponym is a tribute to this city that mixes architecture , history , art and beauty like no other . While not forgetting its more somber communist past , Prague has been one of the first East European cities to get a luxurious makeover . Designer shopping malls , exclusive restaurants and trendy nightclubs abound . But it is the mystical atmosphere of a Prague of past eras that leaves many visitors craving to come back . Largely untouched by the ravages of WWII , Prague is arguably the only European city with so many century-old buildings left intact for people to enjoy . All more impressive than the others , these are the historical sites you should not miss in Prague . Wenceslas Square : In 1348 , King Charles IV of Bohemia  now the Czech Republic  founded the town of Prague . The King built several open areas for markets , including Wenceslas Square , previously known as the Horse Market . Named after Saint Wenceslas , the patron saint of the Czech state , the square is the largest in the city and was at the center of much of Prague 's history , including the Nazi occupation , the Soviet invasion , and the Velvet Revolution . In 1969 , Prague student Jan Palach set himself on fire in Wenceslas Square to protest the Soviet invasion of Czechoslovakia . And in 1989 , during the Velvet Revolution that overthrew the Communist regime , hundreds of thousands of demonstrators gathered here to protest . Today the square has become one of the trendiest and busiest in the country . Lining Wenceslas Square are fashion stores , cafes , bars and kiosks . Above the square is Prague 's Museum of Natural History , which was shot at by Communist troops when they mistook it for the Parliament building . Prague Castle : Kings , Roman Emperors and Presidents have lived in this legendary castle that overlooks the city . The castle is the largest medieval castle complex in Europe and arguable Prague 's prime tourist attraction . First built in the 9th century , Prague Castle has survived wars , fires and opposing political powers . The castle complex consists of the Saint Virtus Cathedral , viewing towers , a monastery , museums and art galleries . The Czech crown jewels are also held here . After Czechoslovakia split into the Czech Republic and Slovakia in 1993 , the castle became the seat of the President of the new Czech Republic . Charles Bridge : This magnificent 14th century gothic bridge over Prague 's Vltava river is lined with a series of large stone statues that represent important religious figures and icons . Its construction started in 1357 under King Charles IV and finished in the beginning of the 15th century . Until the 19th century , the bridge was the only way to cross between the Old Town and adjacent areas , also known as the "  Lesser Town . " During the day , thousands of people traverse the bridge to watch the views of the city and enjoy the numerous street performers . Dancing House : A masterpiece of modern architecture , Dancing House was named after dancing duo Fred Astaire and Ginger Rogers . Dancing House is also sometimes nicknamed "  Drunk House " for its wavy curves . The building was constructed between 1992 and 1996 by Czech architect Vlado Milunc and world-renowned Canadian architect Frank Gehry . The top floor houses one of the city 's most exclusive restaurants , Celeste . Old Town Square : Located in the heart of the Old Town , this square included Prague 's gothic Church of Our Lady before Tyn , the main church of this part of the city since the 14th century . The church 's towers are 80 meters high and topped by small golden spires . Another fixture of the Old Town Square is the baroque-style St. Nicholas Church . In the center of the square is a large statue of Jan Hus , a Catholic priest who was burned at the stake by the Roman Catholic Church for heresy in 1415 . But the most popular attraction for visitors of the square is the famous Astronomical Clock . Astronomical Clock : Built in 1410 , the Astronomical Clock still functions and provides accurate data on a number of astrological events , such as the relative positions of the sun , moon and major planets . Each hour , the clock bells and a series of moving wooden puppets come out . Below the Astronomical Clock are 12 medallions with the signs of the zodiac , added by painter Josef Manes in 1865 . Prague Cathedral : Saint Vitus 's Cathedral is another one of Prague 's Gothic masterpieces . The Cathedral , set in the walls of the Prague Castle , was commissioned by King Charles IV and work on it began in 1344 . It took nearly six centuries to complete . Today it is the seat of the Archbishop of Prague and contains the tombs of many of the Bohemian Kings . The interior features stained-glass windows from different eras . One of the cathedral 's chambers was used to crown several Kings and it is said the room can only be opened with seven golden keys given to different members of parliament . Vyshehrad : The old fortress of Vyshehrad and its surrounding parks is the place where the city of Prague was originally founded and around which the city was built . It is a great place to get a sense of the history of the city . Its thick walls house the National Cemetery , where many of Prague 's most illustrious citizens are buried , including Czech composer Antonín Leopold Dvorak and writer Karel Capek .	"  Golden City " is a well-deserved eponym for a city that mixes history and beauty like no other Largely untouched by WWII , Prague 's many century-old buildings have been left intact CNN takes you through the top historical sights not to be missed in Prague
CNN  -- Officials warned Wednesday that the bridge linking the California cities of San Francisco and Oakland will likely remain closed Thursday morning , promising more delays for Bay Area commuters . That work is intended to dampen vibration on the structure . Vibration may have played a role in causing pieces of the San Francisco-Oakland Bay Bridge to fall Tuesday night from the span onto the roadway , resulting in its closure . The 73-year-old bridge spans the San Francisco Bay and carries an average 280,000 vehicles daily , according to the state 's Transportation Department . "  Right now , we do not have a time when the bridge will potentially open , " said Bart Ney , a spokesman for California Department of Transportation . "  The work has to be completed first . " Once the new steel is in place and the rods have been made tense , at least three hours of testing will be carried out before the bridge will reopen to vehicular traffic , Ney said , refusing to speculate on when that might occur . "  The first thing that I would say to motorists is that you need to be at this point planning other routes over the next day or so , " he said . The Federal Highway Administration and the Seismic Peer Review Board are scrutinizing the repair plans , he said . Wednesday 's commute was a horror show for many . "  My wife actually drives over to the peninsula ; she says it 's taken her two hours to get to work so far and she 's not there yet , " commuter Seth Carp told CNN affiliate KTVU as he prepared to board a Bay Area Rapid Transit train . "  I tried to take the Golden Gate Bridge , " said a woman who identified herself only as Yemi . "  It was a big mistake . " She gave up and wound up taking BART . "  It was back-to-back bumper , there were rows of cars everywhere , " said Christina Chou , who lives in Foster City near the San Mateo Bridge , which served as an alternate route for many . "  It was just horrible . " Ridership increased on ferries , too , with some people finding a silver lining to the snafu . "  I have been looking for an opportunity to go across the bay in the ferry , " said Jack Pierce of Oakland . "  I 'm sorry the cable parted , but I am glad to get the opportunity . " Ney said wind gusts of up to 50 mph slowed repair efforts on Tuesday , but the winds had diminished by Wednesday evening . Winds increased vibration by the rods that were fatigued and ultimately failed , he said . "  It was a contributing factor , but not necessarily the only factor , and we are analyzing what the factors are right now , " he said . Travelers flocked to BART , which ran longer trains and extra trains . The rail line was on track to exceed its peak ridership of 405,000 in a single day , said BART spokesman Linton Johnson . Were you there ? Send photos and video "  We have called in extra personnel to help us make sure we operate with every available train car we have in order to provide as much capacity as possible , " said BART 's assistant general manager of operations , Paul Oversier . Amtrak was running a shuttle between the San Francisco and Martinez stations for Coast Starlight and California Zephyr passengers . The pieces that fell -- a cross beam and tie rods -- came from the same section that was repaired in September over Labor Day weekend , when crews worked almost around the clock to fix a crack in the span . A 50-foot section of the bridge collapsed in 1989 during the Loma Prieta earthquake , killing one person and prompting efforts to make it quake-tolerant . The whole Bay Bridge is slated to be replaced in 2013 , said Patrick Siegman , a transportation planner at Nelson Nygaard Consulting Associates , a national transportation planning firm based in San Francisco . The bridge is "  really showing its age , " he said . "  It 's kind of a race against time to finish the new bridge before the next quake hits . "	San Francisco-Oakland Bay Bridge closes after parts of it fall to roadway Repair work ongoing , but there 's no word when bridge will reopen Travelers flock to public transit , including trains and ferries Repairs aim to stop vibration , which may have caused the problem
Resource rich and home to some of the world 's fastest-growing economies , the stage is set for Africa to become the world 's next industrial juggernaut . But making this dream a reality remains a major challenge . A lack of railways , ports and quality roads has hindered Africa 's development in recent years . But today , economic heavyweights such as China and India are pumping billions of dollars into Africa to transform the continent 's fortunes and stake a claim in the world 's next high-growth territory . And last month , the African Development Bank and the Africa Foundation launched a fundraising initiative for Africa50 , a project aimed at speeding up infrastructure ventures on the continent . Here , CNN takes a look at some of the big projects set to take Africa by storm . Tell us what you think about them in the comments section below . Great Inga Dam -- Democratic Republic of the Congo Potentially the world 's largest hydroelectric dam , the Great Inga is a project to tame the mighty Congo River and provide much-needed renewable energy for up to 500 million Africans . With work scheduled to begin in October 2015 , it 's claimed the Great Inga would produce 40,000 megawatts  MW  of energy , that 's twice as much as China 's Three Gorges Dam , currently the world 's largest . Read this : DR Congo 's mega dam ambitions In May , the government of the Democratic Republic of Congo announced the first phase of its grandiose plan , a $ 12 billion development , dubbed Inga 3 , which will produce 4,800 MW . World Bank estimates suggest that just 11.1 % of DRC 's population has access to electricity . But with the whole project estimated to cost $ 80 billion , analysts says that raising funds will be a challenge . Mombasa -- Kampala -- Kigali railway project -- Kenya/Uganda/Rwanda Stretching almost 3,000 kilometers and connecting three East African countries , the Mombasa-Kigali railway could be the continent 's answer to the Orient Express . Starting in Kenya 's second city with a stop-off at the Ugandan capital , Kampala , the rail line will circumvent Lake Victoria before heading for its final destination of Kigali , Rwanda . With work scheduled to start on the Mombasa-Nairobi section next month , the whole project is due to be completed by March 2018 with an estimated cost of $ 13.5 billion . Konza City -- Kenya Konza City is a $ 9.2 billion dollar technology and financial metropolis project located southeast of Nairobi . Dubbed the "  African Silicon Savannah " the project is part of "  Vision 2030 , " the Kenyan government 's plan to improve the quality of life for its citizens . Read this : Ghana plans $ 10 billion tech city The government expects the city to provide 100,000 jobs and will include a business district , a university , residential areas and city parks . But the state will provide only 5 % of the funding , with the rest expected to come through land leases to private companies . Ethio-Djibouti railway -- Ethiopia/Djibouti This 650-kilometer railway will link up the Ethiopian capital of Addis Ababa and the Port of Doraleh in the small Red Sea nation of Djibouti . The project is part of the Ethiopian government 's Growth and Transformation plan and is set to cost $ 1.2 billion , according to estimates from consultancy KMPG . Djibouti represents Ethiopia 's only seaport access and would significantly reduce the cost of goods and transportation for the landlocked country . The Grand Ethiopian Renaissance Dam -- Ethiopia Ethiopia 's ` under construction ' renaissance dam is set to be as grand on scale as it is in name . Scheduled to be completed by July 2017 , the enormous barrier will cost the Ethiopian government $ 4.7 billion and is being assembled by Italian engineering firm Salini Costruttori . The Renaissance Dam will sit on the Blue Nile river in the Benishangul-Gumuz region . Creating 12,000 jobs and generating 6,000 MW of energy , the dam will also serve neighboring Sudan and Egypt , which both rely of the Nile River 's water resources . The project has caused controversy in Sudan and Egypt , as both countries are concerned the dam will give Ethiopia control over the flow of water . Jasper project -- South Africa Once completed , the Jasper Power Project will be a 96 MW solar photovoltaic  PV  plant in South Africa 's Northern Cape -- one of the biggest solar installations in the continent . In May this year , Internet giant Google , which has spent more than $ 1 billion in renewable energy projects in the United States and Europe in recent years , made a $ 12 million investment in the scheme . The project will create 300 construction jobs and 50 permanent operational jobs , according to the South African Department of Energy . Read more : ` Solar sisters ' spreading light in Africa The joint venture is part of South Africa 's ambitious target of generating 18 gigawatts  GW  of clean energy by 2030 and reducing its dependency on coal . Other African countries are also following the solar craze . Earlier this year , Mauritania , in West Africa , launched what 's described as Africa 's biggest solar PV plant so far , a 15 MW solar PV plant that will supply energy to nearly 10,000 homes . Lagos Metro Blue Line A major cosmopolitan transport project to connect Nigeria 's largest city , the Lagos Metro Blue Line is designed to ease congestion and speed up journey times for the city 's inhabitants . The Blue Line will run between Marina and Okokomaiko stopping at 13 stations and is part of the Lagos Rail Mass Transit program implemented by the government . Read this : Lagos of the future However , funding issues mean the Blue Line launch has been pushed back to 2015 . The Line is set to cost $ 1.2 billion and will be funded by the Lagos State Government . Rail operator Eko Rail has a 25-year contract to run and maintain the service .	Great Inga Dam , Congo , could become the world 's largest hydroelectric dam Kenya 's Konza City is one of many futuristic cities in the pipeline Ethiopia 's Grand Renaissance Dam will serve neighboring Sudan and Egypt
CNN  -- Authorities at Pennsylvania 's Three Mile Island nuclear plant were investigating what caused a weekend radiation leak that resulted in 150 workers being sent home , officials said Sunday . An airborne radiological contamination alarm sounded about 4 p.m. Saturday in the Unit 1 containment building , according to a statement from Exelon Nuclear , which operates the Three Mile Island plant near Middletown , Pennsylvania . The unit had been shut down since October 26 for refueling , maintenance and steam generator replacement , the company said . "  A monitor at the temporary opening cut into the containment building wall to allow the new steam generators to be moved inside showed a slight increase in a reading and then returned to normal , " the company said . "  Two other monitors displayed normal readings . " Three Mile Island was the scene of the worst U.S. nuclear accident , a partial meltdown in 1979 that resulted in the plant 's second reactor being shut down permanently . Tests showed the contamination in Saturday 's incident was confined to the building itself , and none was found outside , Exelon said . There was no threat to public health and safety , but the workers were sent home because they could not continue until the area was cleaned , Bill Noll , Exelon vice president , said in the Saturday statement . One worker was found to have received 16 millirem of exposure , and others received lower levels of contamination . The annual occupational dose limit for workers at Exelon plants is 2,000 millirem , the statement said . Radiation exposure from a chest X-ray is about 6 millirem , according to the Nuclear Regulatory Commission . Although Noll said it was hoped work would resume at Unit 1 on Sunday , Exelon spokeswoman Beth Archer told CNN on Sunday it had not resumed , as the cause of the leak was still under investigation . Two radiation specialists from the NRC were scheduled to investigate Sunday . "  Numerous work activities were going on in the building at the time the alarm sounded , and Exelon engineers are working to determine the cause of the incident , " the statement said . The March 1979 accident at Three Mile Island brought the nuclear industry to a standstill . The partial meltdown of Unit 2 's nuclear core resulted in no injuries to plant workers or nearby community members , but it triggered changes in nuclear power plant operations and emergency planning and led to tighter oversight of the industry by the NRC . The Unit 2 reactor is permanently shut down and defueled , the NRC said . In 2001 , FirstEnergy acquired it and contracted its monitoring to Exelon , which owns Unit 1 . The companies plan to keep Unit 2 in "  long-term , monitored storage " until the Unit 1 operating license expires , at which time both plants will be decommissioned , the NRC said . A new generation of nuclear reactors is being considered in the United States as environmental concerns have intensified about coal-fired power plants . CNN 's Janet DiGiacomo contributed to this report .	Airborne radiological contamination alarm sounded at 4 p.m. Saturday Radiation was confined to a single building and no one was in danger , company says In 1979 , Three Mile Island was the scene of the worst U.S. nuclear accident
CNN  -- The case of a 13-year-old Arizona girl strip-searched by school officials looking for ibuprofen pain-reliever will be heard by the U.S. Supreme Court this week . The Supreme Court has a mixed record when it comes to students ' rights . The justices in January accepted the Safford school district case for review , and will decide whether a campus setting gives school administrators greater discretion to control students suspected of illegal activity than police are allowed in cases involving adults in general public spaces . The case is centered around Savana Redding , now 19 , who in 2003 was an eighth-grade honors student at Safford Middle School , about 127 miles from Tucson , Arizona . Redding was strip-searched by school officials after a fellow student accused her of providing prescription-strength ibuprofen pills . The school has a zero-tolerance policy for all prescription and over-the-counter medication , including the ibuprofen , without prior written permission . "  In this case , the United States Supreme Court will decide how easy it is for school officials to strip search your child , " Adam Wolf , an attorney with the American Civil Liberties Union who is representing Redding , told CNN Radio on Sunday . Wolf told CNN Radio his client was traumatized by the search . "  School officials undoubtedly have difficult jobs , but sometimes they overreact -- and this was just a clear overreaction , " he said . Redding was pulled from class by a male vice principal , escorted to an office , where she denied the accusations . A search of Redding 's backpack found nothing . Then , although she never had prior disciplinary problems , a strip search was conducted with the help of a school nurse and Wilson 's assistant , both females . According to court records , she was ordered to strip to her underwear and her bra was pulled out . Again , no drugs were found . In an affidavit , Redding said , "  The strip search was the most humiliating experience I have ever had . I held my head down so that they could not see that I was about to cry . " At issue is whether school administrators are constitutionally barred from conducting searches of students investigated for possessing or dealing drugs that are banned on campus . A federal appeals court found the search "  traumatizing " and illegal . Some parents say older children deserve the same constitutional rights as adults , but educators counter a school setting has always been treated differently by courts , and a ruling against them could jeopardize campus safety . While a federal magistrate and a three-panel appeals court found the search was reasonable , the full 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals ruled in favor of Redding last year . "  Common sense informs us , " wrote the court , "  that directing a 13-year-old girl to remove her clothes , partially revealing her breasts and pelvic area , for allegedly possessing ibuprofen ... was excessively intrusive . " The court said the school went too far in its effort to create a drug - and crime-free classroom . "  The overzealousness of school administrators in efforts to protect students has the tragic impact of traumatizing those they claim to serve . And all this to find prescription-strength ibuprofen . " In its appeal to the Supreme Court , the school district said restrictions on conducting student searches would cast a "  roadblock to the kind of swift and effective response that is too often needed to protect the very safety of students , particularly from the threats posed by drugs and weapons . " School officials said the court was "  wholly uninformed about a disturbing new trend " -- the abuse of over-the-counter medication by teenagers . The high court has a mixed record over the years on students ' rights . In a famous 1969 ruling , the justices said students do not "  shed their constitutional rights ... at the schoolhouse gate . " But decisions in the 1980s gave administrators greater discretion , including one case that said officials need not be required to have a warrant to search a student 's locker . Such a search was permitted if there were "  reasonable " grounds for believing it would turn up evidence and when the search was not "  excessively intrusive . " Opinions in 1995 and 2001 allowed schools to conduct random drug testing of high school athletes , and those participating in other extracurricular activities . And in a well-publicized 2007 ruling from Alaska , the Supreme Court upheld the suspension of a student who displayed a large "  Bong Hits 4 Jesus " banner at an off-campus , but school-sponsored , event . The decision did not endorse a broader argument that students in general have limited free-speech rights when they interfere with a school 's vaguely defined "  educational mission . " The court could now be asked to clarify the extent of student rights involving searches , and the discretion of officials regarding those they have responsibility over . The case is Safford United School District No. 1 v. Redding  08-479  .	The justices in January accepted the Safford school district case for review Justices will decide if campus gives administrators greater discretion Administrators strip-searched honor student , 13 , looking for ibuprofen The court could now be asked to clarify the extent of student rights involving searches
Editor 's note : Penn Jillette -- the larger , louder half of Penn & Teller -- is a magician , comedian , actor , author and producer . Obama and McCain both promise a government that will watch over us ... "  I do n't like that , " says Penn Jillette . CNN  -- Everyone I talk to seems to think the president of the United States right now is stupid . The Bush presidency is stupid speeches , stupid high gas prices , stupid bad economy , stupid war on terrorism , stupid war on drugs , stupid hurricane fixing , stupid global warming , stupid war -- stupid , stupid , stupid . They all seem to think we need to get a smarter guy in the White House fast , and Bush is so stupid , that task should n't be too hard . Not me . I 'd like to say that I believe every president in United States history , including the stupid one we have now , is smarter than me . My alma mater is Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Greatest Show on Earth Clown College , so I 'm damning with faint praise , but I 'm stupider than this here stupid president . Maybe I 'm less stupider than Bush than I 'm stupider than Jefferson . But I 'm stupider than all the stupid in both of them put together . The idea , especially from the Democrats that I know , is , we just get a smarter guy in the White House , and all the problems will go away . We 'll have smart speeches , smart high gas prices , smart bad economy , smart war on terrorism , smart war on drugs , smart hurricanes , smart global warming , smart war in Georgia -- smart , smart , smart . Barack Obama is way smarter than Bush -- so way , way smarter than me . Obama is way more charismatic than me . He did his big speech for about 80,000 people ; I 'll do my show tonight in Vegas for about 1,000 people . He 's more ambitious than I ; he 's going to be the next president of the United States , and I could n't even get to week three of "  Dancing with the Stars . " Obama is a great leader . He can fire people up and get them to do what he wants . He does smart speeches that promise everyone everything they need and make us feel good about our country and how much greater our government could be . But I do n't think our next president being a great leader is a good thing . I 'm worried about someone smarter than Bush taking over that tremendous power . Charisma and ambition increase my fear exponentially , and a great leader scares me to death . We need someone stupid enough to understand that the president of the United States ca n't solve many problems without taking away freedom and therefore should n't try . The only reason John McCain scares me a little less is because I think he 's a little less likely to win . They both promise a government that will watch over us , and I do n't like that . I do n't want anyone as president who promises to take care of me . I may be stupid , but I want a chance to try to be a grown-up and take care of my family . Freedom means the freedom to be stupid , and that 's what I want . I do n't want anyone to feel my pain or tell me to ask what we can do for our country , or give us all money and take care of us . Gene Healy at the Cato Institute explains that the Founding Fathers wanted the president "  to faithfully execute the laws , defend the country from attack and check Congress with the veto power whenever it exceeded its constitutional bounds . " That sounds like plenty to me . You got ta be smarter than me to do all that , but you do n't have to be as smart as Obama , and you sure do n't have to be a great leader . Our first seven presidents averaged a bit more than three public speeches a year , and they did n't promise jobs for everyone , day care , dental exams and free stuff . It 's really hard to find someone who trusts Americans to take care of themselves and each other without government force . It 's hard to find someone running for president who would be content to be what George Washington humbly called the "  chief magistrate . " I think Ron Paul and Bob Barr mean it when they say they want much smaller government . But the government is already big enough , powerful enough and bipartisan enough  and "  bi " means exactly two and no more  that Ron and/or Bob wo n't even be in the debates . People wo n't even hear someone suggesting that our president should do less and individual citizens should do more for themselves . The choice should n't be which lesser of two evils should have the enormous power of our modern presidents . The question should be , who would do less as president ? Who would leave us alone ? If we could find a lazier , less charismatic , stupider person than me to be president , I 'd be all for it . But , it 's not going to be easy ; stupider than me is rare breed . So remember , the only way to waste your vote is to vote ! The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of the writer .	Everyone thinks we need to get a smarter guy in the White House , says Penn Jillette Jillette : Obama is a great leader who fires people up , gets them to do what he wants McCain scares Jillette a little less because he 's a little less likely to win Ron Paul , Bob Barr say they want much smaller government
Jerusalem  CNN  -- Israel is denying Palestinians access to adequate water supplies by controlling shared water resources , the human rights group Amnesty International said in a report released Tuesday . In the 100-page report , titled "  Troubled Waters : Palestinians Denied Fair Access to Water , " Amnesty says Israel restricts Palestinian access to water through various means while making it readily available to its own citizens . The group accuses Israel of ignoring humanitarian and human rights laws , in violation of its obligations as the occupying power . The report says water from the shared Israeli-Palestinian mountain aquifer is inequitably distributed , with Israel using more than 80 percent of it . The aquifer is the sole source of water for the approximately 2.5 million Palestinians in the West Bank . The Israeli military has denied Palestinians access to Palestinian lands where water from the Jordan River could be accessed , the head of the Palestinian water authority told CNN . "  Since  1967  the Israeli authorities did not allow us to drill in the Western Aquifer , which is the most important shared aquifer in the West Bank , " Dr. Shaddad Attili said . Amnesty argues that Israel also limits access to water supplies by placing restrictions on the movement of people and goods , and by enacting "  a complex system of permits which Palestinians must obtain from the Israeli army and other authorities in order to carry out water related projects " which effectively prevent the creation of needed water and sanitation projects . The Israeli government rejects many of the conclusions of the Amnesty report . Mark Regev , a spokesman for Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu , called the idea that Israel was taking water away from the Palestinians "  simply false . " He said that Israeli consumption of water from the mountain aquifer had gone down in absolute terms from 1967 to today , despite the fact that Israel 's population had more than doubled in that time to its current level of approximately 7 million people . A statement from the Israeli Foreign Ministry charges that the authors of the Amnesty International report "  chose to ignore Israeli data , papers and reports , although they contain verifiable facts presented with total transparency . " "  Israel has fulfilled all its obligations under the water agreement regarding the supply of additional quantities of water to the Palestinians , and has even extensively surpassed the obligatory quantity , " the foreign ministry statement said . "  The Palestinians , on the other hand , have significantly violated their commitments under the water agreement , specifically regarding important issues such as illegal drilling  they have drilled over 250 wells without the authorization of the Joint Water Commission  and handling of sewage  The Palestinians are not constructing sewage treatment plants , despite their obligation to do so and the important foreign funding earmarked for this purpose  , " the statement added . Amnesty 's report notes the stark discrepancy in water use between Israelis and Palestinians , claiming that water consumption per capita for Palestinians in the West Bank and Gaza is about 70 liters  about 18 gallons  per day , while Israeli per capita use is 300 liters  79 gallons  per day . In an interview with CNN , Amnesty researcher Donatella Rovera said a drive through the Palestinian West Bank shows the striking disparity in water use , with "  Israeli settlements with vast , green , well-irrigated farms and swimming pools and right next to them , Palestinian villages which are absolutely parched . " In Gaza , which is home to approximately 1.5 million Palestinians , Rovera said the water situation has reached a "  crisis point . " She said water from the coastal aquifer , which supplies most of Gaza , is 90 percent to 95 percent polluted and unfit for human consumption . Rovera said immediate and long-term solutions were not workable under the current Israeli and Egyptian blockade of Gaza , which is meant to isolate the Hamas movement , which took over Gaza in 2007 . Gaza 's water system , which was in a state of decay when Hamas took power , was further damaged in the three-week war between Israel and Hamas in January . Regev argued that Israel has provided more water to the Palestinian Authority than it is obligated to under the Oslo accords and that more than a third of the water transferred from Israel to the West Bank was lost to theft and lack of infrastructure maintenance by Palestinians . Watch what happened to Gaza water infrastructure in war He said the Palestinians have received "  billions in aid " over the past decade and a half and invested little in their water systems , and termed "  ridiculous " the notion that the mountain aquifer was only for Palestinian use . "  Israel has every right to take water from that source , " Regev said of the mountain aquifer . The Palestinian Authority was quick to seize on the findings of the Amnesty report in a statement released Tuesday . "  What is emerging today is a growing consensus over how the discriminatory water laws and practices Israel employs to deny Palestinians access to clean and adequate water supplies are emblematic of what amounts to a system of apartheid that underpins the entire structure of Israel 's illegal settlement enterprise in the West Bank , and collective punishment in the Gaza Strip , " said Palestinian water authority chief Attili . Amnesty 's report made no conclusions about what amount or percentage of water should be made available to the Palestinians , but called on Israel to allow Palestinians "  to access and extract an equitable share of water from the shared aquifers and surface water resources in the West Bank and Gaza . "	Palestinians denied same water access as Israelis , Amnesty International says Israel takes 80 percent of mountain aquifer , Amnesty report says Israel says its water use declines while population jumps Israel says Palestinians lose water to theft , poor infrastructure
CNN  -- Friday 's 13th stage of the Tour de France may have been unlucky for Rafal Majka , but the Polish rider made amends by storming to victory in the 14th stage on Saturday . Majka had said he was "  hungry for more " after finishing 10 seconds behind overall leader Vincenzo Nibali in the stage from Saint Etienne to Chamrousse . And so it proved as the Tinkoff-Saxo rider went one better on the 177-kilometer route from Grenoble to Risoul -- the second of two Alpine stages on this year 's tour . Majka was part of a 17-rider breakaway formed early on in the stage that was gradually whittled down to 10 with around 60 kilometers to go as the riders made the ascent of the Col de l'Izoard . With nine kilometers to the finish it was Majka who surged ahead of the pack . Nibali tried to stay in touch but Majka managed to hold on to the lead to claim his first win in his first Tour de France , crossing the line 24 seconds ahead of the Italian with France 's Jean-Christophe Peraud coming home in third . Afterwards , Majka dedicated his victory to teammate and two-time champion Alberto Contador who crashed out of the race on stage 10 last Monday . Second place for Nibali further strengthens his grip on the yellow jersey . With the Astana rider 's main rivals Spain 's Alejandro Valverde and France 's Romain Bardet finishing the stage 10th and fifth respectively , Nibali extended his overall lead to four minutes and 37 seconds . Sunday 's stage sees the riders tackle 222 kilometers from Tallard to Nimes .	Tinkoff Saxo rider Rafal Majka beats Tour de France leader Vincenzo Nibali in stage 14 Majka dedicates victory to teammate Alberto Contador who crashed out of race last Monday Nibali finishes second to extend overall lead to four minutes 37 seconds
Lagos , Nigeria  CNN  -- Three North Korean doctors serving at a hospital in Nigeria 's northern Yobe state were killed early Sunday morning , police said . There were mixed reports initially on where the victims were from , but the police chief of Yobe told CNN they were North Korean physicians assisting at Potiskum General Hospital as part of a government agreement . The government in Pyongyang has not confirmed that the victims were North Korean nationals . Authorities say 10 suspects are under arrest . "  At this point we can not say if they are Boko Haram , hired killers or common criminals , but we have cordoned off the area and are in the process of interrogating them , " Commissioner Sanusi Rufa'i said . Boko Haram is an Islamist militant group that has carried out scores of attacks across the north over the years . The group , whose name means "  Western education is forbidden , " has referred to itself as the Nigerian Taliban . It seeks to overthrow the government and replace it with a regime based on Islamic law . Sunday 's predawn slayings came on the heels of another deadly attack against medical workers . On Friday , nine health workers who were administering polio vaccinations were killed in Kano , the biggest city in northern Nigeria . The victims , eight women and one man , were working for a government program established to vaccinate people across Nigeria .	The doctors were assisting a local hospital , police chief says Ten suspects have been arrested , but police do n't know who 's behind the slayings On Friday , nine health workers giving polio vaccinations were killed in Nigeria 's largest city
CNN  -- The father of Haleigh Cummings , a Florida girl who disappeared in February , plans to file for divorce from the girl 's stepmother , a key witness in the case , his attorneys told HLN 's "  Nancy Grace . " Ronald Cummings plans to divorce his wife , Misty , his attorney says . The move follows weeks of reported tension between Ronald and Misty Cummings during the search for Haleigh , who was 5 when last seen . In papers expected to be filed Tuesday , Ronald Cummings , 25 , cites irreconcilable differences in ending his short marriage to his 17-year-old wife , said Terry Shoemaker , Ronald Cummings ' attorney . Haleigh went missing from her father 's home in Satsuma , Florida , on February 9 . Cummings has made several public pleas for information in her disappearance . Misty Cummings , then known as Misty Croslin , was the last person known to have seen Haleigh the night she disappeared from the family 's rented mobile home . The teenager said she tucked Haleigh and her 4-year-old brother into bed about 8 p.m. and went to sleep herself two hours later , but awoke at 3 a.m. to find the girl missing and a cinder block propping open a back door . Ronald Cummings called police and reported his daughter missing when he returned from work at dawn . Investigators have said they do not feel Misty Cummings has told them everything she knows . "  The police have been telling me that I 've been keeping Misty under my wing and that 's why she has n't talked to the cops , " Ronald Cummings told a "  Nancy Grace " producer Tuesday . "  So now , here you go , I divorced her . So now go find my baby . " Watch Ronald Cummings speak to Nancy Grace " The Putnam County Sheriff 's office said in August that "  the evidence and investigatory effort has minimized the likelihood that Haleigh 's disappearance is the work of a stranger . " Ronald Cummings and Crystal Sheffield , Haleigh 's mother , are not considered suspects , police said . "  Investigators believe that Misty Croslin-Cummings continues to hold important answers in the case , " the sheriff 's office said in a written statement . "  She has failed to provide any sort of detailed accounting of the hours during the late evening and early morning of Haleigh 's disappearance . Furthermore , physical evidence at the scene contradicts Misty 's sketchy account of her evening activities . " Shoemaker said his client told Misty Cummings he wanted a divorce on Sunday , and that the a divorce agreement was drawn up Monday . The agreement was sent to Misty Cummings ' lawyer for her signature . "  He really did n't come to us and say , ' I want to file for divorce , ' " said another of Ronald Cummings ' attorneys , Brandon Beardsley . "  My understanding is that this is something that he and Misty have been discussing for the last few days and they 're contemplating it because they ultimately feel that it is in the best interest for both of them . " Misty Cummings ' attorney , Robert Fields , told CNN he has not talked with his client and does n't know her thoughts regarding the divorce . Fields said he had received the papers via e-mail but had not had a chance to review them . Asked what he thought the divorce would mean for the search for Haleigh , he said , "  Probably nothing . " "  You have to understand that ever since Haleigh went missing , they have been scrutinized , " Beardsley said of the Cummingses . "  They ca n't go out to dinner , ca n't even go to the convenience store to get a drink . ... The pressure of everything that is going on , the allegations and speculation , has been a stress on the relationship . The two lived together for about six months before marrying in March . The divorce agreement provides no financial terms , according to Shoemaker . On Monday , Misty Cummings left Satsuma to stay with a friend in Orlando , 50 miles south , Shoemaker said .	Haleigh Cummings ' father plans to file for divorce from the girl 's stepmother Haleigh went missing from father 's home in Satsuma , Florida , on February 9 Misty Cummings was Ronald Cummings ' girlfriend when Haleigh went missing Investigators said they think Misty Cummings has not told them everything
CNN  -- Lifetime 's biopic of the late singer Aaliyah is now without a star . The network confirmed via Twitter on Sunday that Zendaya , the 17-year-old Disney actress and singer tapped to portray Aaliyah in the TV movie , has exited the project . "  We are sad Zendaya will no longer portray Aaliyah , " Lifetime said . "  Production is currently on hold . " It 's an abrupt change for the film , as Zendaya , whose full name is Zendaya Coleman , was just announced as the biopic 's lead on June 16 . The young star , known for her role on Disney 's "  Shake It Up ! " and Season 16 of "  Dancing With the Stars , " did n't release an official comment on her departure but did acknowledge the casting shakeup on Twitter by quoting a source 's statement to E! News . "  Aaliyah has always been an inspiration to Zendaya , " the source told E! . "  She was honored to portray her and pay tribute to her . If she is going to do it , she wants to do it right . " Aaliyah , born Aaliyah Dana Haughton , was killed in a 2001 plane crash at the age of 22 . Her legacy as an R&B / pop singer and actress has been immense , to the point that even using her voice in a song can make fans bristle . Zendaya 's casting was similarly controversial , with fans being divided over whether the burgeoning talent should take on the role . With news that she 's now out of the project , some are curious if the casting criticism played a role in her departure . Yet from the beginning , the teen star made it clear that Aaliyah has been a lifelong inspiration for her , and she told MTV News on the BET Awards red carpet that she was n't sure the biopic would do justice to her idol . "  I just felt the project was n't 100 % there , " she told MTV , saying that the production felt "  a little rushed . " Because "  she 's someone I admire and I love so much , it ca n't be done halfway , or not to the standards I think it should be done at , so I just decided not to do it . "  By all means , when the right project comes along and it 's done the right way , I 'll be the first person ready to play Aaliyah , but this was n't the right one for me . I 've been into Aaliyah since I was little , so there was n't too much getting into character . I always pretend I 'm her anyway . "	Zendaya Coleman has left Lifetime 's Aaliyah biopic The network confirmed her exit on Twitter Production for the TV movie is currently on hold
CNNMéxico  -- Mexican food was the great star of the second state dinner held in the Obama administration . In honor of President Felipe Calderon , the menu was Mexican dishes made from iconic American ingredients with herbs and vegetables that were grown in the White House gardens . Who would dare surprise a Mexican president with Mexican dishes in Washington ? The chosen chef was Rick Bayless , one of the great gurus of Mexican cuisine in the United States , who has popularized his dishes through his TV program , six cookbooks and , of course , his three restaurants : the casual Frontera Grill , the four-star Topolobampo and the newly opened Xoco . His restaurants are in Chicago , and the Obamas were regular patrons before the couple moved to Washington . Still , the James Beard Award-winning chef was surprised to be invited to their new home . "  I could hardly believe it . I kept going back to see if I actually had been invited or if it was a mistake ... no , it is an amazing honor to be invited to cook at the White House , " Bayless said in an interview with CNNMéxico . The evening 's dishes were carefully chosen after consulting with first lady Michelle Obama and executive White House chef Cristeta Comerford . "  We started with menus that we knew that the president and first lady had enjoyed , things that they have enjoyed they were at our restaurants . And we put two or three different menus because I did n't know how they did the service at the White House , and you have to make the menu tailored to the way the kitchen is set up . You ca n't do all things in all kitchens , " Bayless explained . "  We learned that we could n't serve soup because we knew that the first lady really enjoyed the tortilla soup , the soup that we do , but she said it was too hard to serve for 200 because the service is really fast . " And finally , what was the menu ? The guests began their dinner with a Jicama salad with oranges , grapefruit and pineapple citrus vinaigrette served with a Chardonnay Ulisis Valdez Russian River 2007 . This was followed by an herb green ceviche of Hawaiian opah  fish  with sesame-cilantro crackers . The main dish was Oregon Wagyu beef in Oaxacan black mole accompanied by black bean tamalon and grilled green beans , paired with a Cabernet Sauvignon Herrera Selección Rebecca 2006 . Finally , dessert was chocolate-cajeta tart with toasted homemade marshmallows , graham cracker crumble and goat cheese ice cream accompanied by a Mumm Napa Carlos Santana Brut champagne . "  The whole idea about a state dinner -- and people do n't usually understand this -- but when you are hosting a dignatary from a foreign country it is not common to serve food from their country . It is common to serve them the best of American cuisine , because you are hosting them , " Bayless said . "  It 's huge departure for Obama administration to have served food of Mexico , but they did it because of my work , I have really brought the true flavors from Mexico to the United States ... however , we did feature a number of fabulous American ingredients like the opah from Hawaii and the Wagyu from Oregon . " "  I loved it ... it was such a great menu that we are going to put that menu as one of our tasting menus in Topolobampo in a couple of weeks " , said Bayless , who was born in Oklahoma City but lived in Mexico from 1980 to 1986 . Of all the praises chef Bayless received for the dinner , two made him particularly happy . One , from Mexican first lady Margarita Zavala , "  who said that she loved the ceviche verde that we did , she told me that two or three times that she loved that ceviche . " The other , from President Calderon , "  who said that it was one of the best mole negro he had ever had , " said Bayless . The White House blogged about the dinner That mole was precisely the most complicated part of the dinner , not only because it takes more than 20 ingredients and seven hours to make , but also for another reason . "  I did n't want the flavors of the toasting chiles and things like that to get out of the kitchen and waft the White House . I thought it was inappropriate to do that . Cris Comerford , the chef there , she ensured me that they had really good exhaust systems and she was right , it took all those aromas out , but I toasted the chiles just a few at a time so the aroma would not leak out of the kitchen , " Bayless added . At the end , the labor was well worth it because , the chef said , "  It 's one of the best moles I have ever made . " Bayless is used to working under the spotlight -- he also took top honors on Bravo 's "  Top Chef Masters " TV program .	Rick Bayless was chosen to cook Mexican food for the president of Mexico The Obamas were familiar with the chef after dining at his Chicago restaurants Bayless : Mexico 's first lady said several times she loved the cerviche verde
CNN  In recent weeks , hundreds of thousands of Americans have joined a growing chorus urging Massachusetts Sen. Elizabeth Warren to run for president . I am not endorsing her as a candidate , at this point . But I am excited about the movement that is pushing her candidacy , unlike a whole bunch of Beltway types who have lined up to say how silly the whole notion is . Warren will not run , they cry -- though a draft movement has convinced her before . And even if she did , she would not win -- though no one gave President Obama a chance , either . Still , even if all of the naysayers are somehow on to something , the folks supporting "  Run Warren Run " -- MoveOn.org , Democracy for America , and the Working Families Party -- and "  Ready for Warren " have it right . Here is why : Even Democrats who support other candidates acknowledge that big banks and other special interests have rigged the game in Washington . Our whole party understands that inequality is worse than it has been since the 1920s , and we need to build an economy where everyone has a fighting chance . In fact , it is not just Democratic voters who are emboldened by Warren 's fight for working families ; her ideas ring true in red states and blue states , in rural parts of America and in big cities like Boston and Chicago . "  I came out of a hardworking , middle-class family , " Warren often says , in some variation . "  I came from an America that created opportunities for people like me , and I now see an America where the government works for people who already have money and power . " It is , in her own words , "  time to remind politicians that they do n't work for the big banks -- they work for us . " That is a voice that would add real value to any party 's primary , but especially a party that purports to stand up for working people . Contested primaries feature robust discussions on the most pressing issues facing our nation -- and the best ideas for making America stronger . Now , more than ever , we need those discussions . Many Democrats are voting with Wall Street , while Republicans shout about flat wages . Our country and the Democratic Party deserve a real debate over what we stand for . And there is a great place to have these debates : in states like Iowa and New Hampshire , where voters are ready to ask candidates tough questions and hear their platforms . In the absence of a competitive primary , some have even speculated that there may not be any Democratic debates before the general election . Call me old-fashioned , but I want to nominate a presidential candidate who has answered tough questions on the crucial issues facing hardworking Americans today . Some argue that a vigorously contested primary would actually hurt the Democratic Party , that a competitive primary could split the Democratic base or force the eventual nominee to spend too much time and money too early . In other words , exactly what happened in 2008 . Remember how that worked out ? Primaries leave candidates fit , tested , experienced and prepared for the grueling general election campaign . And as we saw in 2008 , all that organizing leaves the party energized and ready to get to work . The Republican primary will unquestionably be highly competitive . Some analysts are predicting that more than a dozen GOP candidates will mount serious bids for the party 's nomination . The eventual Republican nominee will enter the general election in fighting shape , with months of experience winning debates and votes over his or her party allies . If the Republican contest features a spirited debate and the Democratic primary generates no news , the result will be two years of free publicity for right-wing talking points and conservative attacks on President Obama 's record , with a battle-ready Republican candidate . I have tremendous respect for Hillary Clinton . And so does most of the Democratic Party . But whether you love Clinton , or would cast your ballot for Warren or someone else , your voice will not truly be heard unless the primary offers a choice . In 2014 , Democrats played it safe , avoided offering big ideas and failed to motivate the voters who drove them to victory in 2008 and 2012 . To win in 2016 , we need to have the progressive base fired up , with progressive causes at the forefront of the political debate . If we rely on those Democratic diehards to win , they deserve an opportunity to make their voices heard during the primaries and caucuses . They deserve a choice . We are at a critical point in our nation 's history . Millions of Americans are fighting for justice in their communities . Millions of Americans are calling for economic policies that work for everyone , not just the wealthy few . Millions of Americans are ready to tackle climate change , solve our student debt crisis and ensure women get equal pay for equal work . It is time to fire up the Democratic base , have a robust discussion of the critical issues facing our nation and hear the best ideas from our best candidates .	Van Jones : A Warren candidacy would be good for democracy -- and Democrats He says the party needs a contested primary , debates and a full airing of ideas
East Hampton , NY  CNN  -- In three debates by the presidential candidates and one by the vice-presidential hopefuls , no one could bring himself to utter the words "  climate change . " Hurricane Sandy said what all four White House contenders were afraid to say . I 've heard that some voters are undecided . Watching the debates , I became undecided over what 's worse : Republicans , who not only do n't acknowledge reality , but who genuinely seem not to believe reality . Or Democrats , cowed into silence on issues of enormous importance like climate change and its solution : clean renewable energy . Sandy said things no candidate in America could voice without blowing away their own political career . She said : "  Enough ! Wake up . Take a reality check . And if you do n't get it , it will get you ; then you 'll get it . " Now , we got it . Sandy is probably the first storm to change an ongoing presidential campaign . Katrina changed the shape of a campaign to come , contributing significantly to George W. Bush 's unpopularity and tarnishing his legacy  "  Heckuva job , Brownie "  with lingering images of unpreparedness . But unpreparedness requires , one might say , quite a lot of preparation . We build in places prone to flooding . We do that largely because subsidies encourage it . Federal flood insurance is a way the entire country subsidizes building and rebuilding in places destined for repeated hits . We rely on overhead lines to bring electricity , lines vulnerable to falling trees . And when they fall , we put them right back . Underground lines are more expensive . But if you have to keep repairing the overhead lines ... News : Marshes and malls -- Migration to U.S. coast heightens impact of storms We 've created coastal bowling-pin communities ; we set 'em up and the weather takes 'em down . I live in one . I 'm guilty . In my defense , I 'll claim entrapment , because I have federal flood insurance . You made me do it . So I just want to take this opportunity to thank you . But I 'd like to also tell you , it 's OK with me if you withdraw your generosity . In fact it would be better if you did . You help make us lazy . And by us , I mean millions of people living along the coast , whistling in the dark . And you help our politicians look away from the oncoming truth . Sea levels are rising . They 've been rising since the last ice age and that rise has been accelerating since the Industrial Revolution . We 've had fair and continual and increasing warning . And yet , small coastal communities and cities as large as New York have done essentially nothing to prepare . Over decades , we filled many wetlands that are the natural buffers to floods . Shrinking the area of our wetlands has left adjacent areas more prone to flooding . As the world continues warming , the warming tends to intensify storms . New York has been hit with two hurricanes in two years . That 's unusual . And since at least Katrina , scientists have warned that hurricanes take their strength from the heat of the ocean 's surface . Opinion : Climate change is real Hurricane Sandyâ $ " and being an independentâ $ " has given New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg the political cover to simply repeat what Sandy herself has so loudly said : "  global warming . " Now Connecticut Gov. Dannel Malloy is joining in , too , telling NPR 's "  Science Friday " host Ira Flatow on November 2 that , "  I 've been talking about global warming for years . " But was Sandy just a hurricane , or an angrier child spawned of unusually warm ocean waters ? In one sense , it does n't quite matter . David Roberts cast it colorfully in his Grist column , saying , "  When the public asks , ` Did climate change cause this ? ' they are asking a confused question . It 's like asking , ` Did steroids cause the home run Barry Bonds hit on May 12 , 2006 ? ' There 's no way to know whether Bonds would have hit the home run without steroids . But who cares ? Steroids mean more home runs . That 's what matters . " These questions remain : Will the storms that come our way get stronger , more damaging ? Will we experience more frequent damage from storms ? We 'd better prepare ourselves for the answers to be yes . That 's because , even if the answer is no , this storm , like last year 's , exposed the Northeast 's soft underbelly and our recklessly erected vulnerability . The world is warming . Warming intensifies storms . Warming raises sea levels . You tell me what we can expect . News : Experts warn of superstorm era to come So , was the storm caused by global warming ? Soon we 'll have a more interesting question : Was the outcome of the presidential election caused by global warming ? Did global warming affect the course of human events enough to make a difference in what we say , in what we think , in how we free our politicians to decide what they can do next ? The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Carl Safina .	Carl Safina : Presidential candidates afraid to talk of impact of climate change Sandy may be first storm that could change an ongoing presidential campaign , he says Federal flood insurance enables development in environmentally threatened areas , he says Safina : We 've had warnings before , but have n't acted to deal with rising sea level
Mashable  -- FCC Chairman Julius Genachowski announced a five-step plan on Wednesday to update the technology that powers the 911 emergency response system . The plan will enable the transmission of text messages , voice calls , videos and photos , as well as automatic location information . The FCC hopes that such a plan will enable emergency responders to respond faster while also giving individuals more options for contacting 911 , depending on the emergency situation . Implementation of Next Generation 911  NG911  , the official project name , will be charted by the following five-step plan , according to the FCC 's press release : 1 . Develop location accuracy mechanisms for NG911 2 . Enable consumers to send text , photos , and videos to public safety answering points  NPRM 3 . Facilitate the completion and implementation of NG911 technical standards 4 . Develop an NG911 governance framework 5 . Develop an NG911 funding model Genachowski began working on this plan last year . His catalyst for taking action was the fact that trapped students could not text 911 during the Virginia Tech campus shootings in 2007 . Being that texting has replaced talking in the teen demographic , this plan seems like a step in the right directions , as it aligns with the evolving nature of telecommunications . What are your thoughts on this new plan to roll out text , voice , photo and video for 911 emergency response ? Let us know in the comments . © 2011 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	An FCC plan will update the technology that powers 911 emergency response system This will enable the transmission of texts , voice calls , videos , photos and location information . The official project name is Next Generation 911 -- NG911
CNN  -- Free agent quarterback Peyton Manning will play for the Denver Broncos , the team announced Tuesday . "  This is truly a special football environment , and I 'm glad to be a part of it , " Manning said at a news conference where the Broncos made the announcement . "  I have n't had a whole lot of time to breathe . This happened Monday morning , " Manning said of his decision to join the Broncos . He said he talked to a number of NFL teams before agreeing to a contract with Denver . "  I 'm proud to be a Denver Bronco , " he said . "  It felt strange being in a new locker room . I have n't been anywhere else , " said the quarterback . Manning was released earlier this year by the Indianapolis Colts , the only team for which he 's played in his 14-year pro career . In the subsequent weeks , the Super Bowl XLI victor -- who has been named the National Football League 's Most Valuable Player a record four times -- has been hotly sought after by several teams . He did not play during the 2011 season after having surgery to repair a neck injury , and he ended his career with the Colts this month in an emotional news conference . Break it down : What Peyton Manning can do Broncos executive John Elway , also a Hall of Fame quarterback for the Broncos , said the team was satisfied with Manning 's health and his ability to make the team competitive for a championship . "  We believe he can play as long as he wants , " Elway said of Manning 's health . "  I do n't consider it much of a risk knowing Peyton Manning . " The arrival in Denver of a superstar of Manning 's stature raised questions about the fate of Tim Tebow , who became the Broncos starting quarterback last year amid electric fanfare and led the team into the playoffs . Tebow won the Heisman Trophy in 2007 , when he played for the University of Florida . Manning said he would be a good teammate to Tebow , but Manning understood if Tebow pursued opportunities at other teams . SI 's Peter King : Broncos would be smart to keep Tebow Elway , the team 's executive vice president for football operations , did n't reveal Tebow 's future status at the Broncos . "  Tim Tebow is a great kid . If I want someone to marry my daughter , it 's him , " Elway said . "  To his fans , I would say this : That 's the tough part of this business , " Elway said . "  I 've got to make the best decisions I can for the Denver Broncos . "  The personal side of this business is always tough , " Elway said . "  It 's also a business where we 're expected to win . " But Elway added : "  Any time you got a player like Peyton Manning on your team , you 've got a chance to win . " Manning will continue to wear No. 18 as he had for the 14 years he was at the Colts , but the Broncos will need to un-retire that jersey number , which belonged to quarterback Frank Tripucka , an original Bronco . On the Broncos team website , Tripucka said in a statement that he spoke with Manning on the phone Tuesday morning . "  I had the privilege of speaking with Peyton Manning this morning , and I let him know that I would be honored if he wore No. 18 for the Denver Broncos , " Tripucka said . "  I have admired Peyton for a long time . He is one of the all-time greats , and having him wear the same jersey that I did brings me a lot of joy . I ca n't wait to see him in No. 18 . " Jim Irsay , the Colts ' owner and chief executive officer , said in a statement Tuesday morning he congratulates Manning "  as he heads to a tremendous organization in the Denver Broncos . We wish him nothing but the best as he continues his Hall of Fame career . " On Monday , indications were the Broncos were the only ones negotiating with Manning , deflating several other teams . The Miami Dolphins , Washington Redskins , San Francisco 49ers , Tennessee Titans and Arizona Cardinals were said to be among the others interested in signing Manning . Several Denver Broncos players expressed excitement Monday that Manning had picked their team to join . Running back Lance Ball wrote "  Wow ! " on his Twitter feed , while offensive lineman Ryan Clady tweeted , "  Yes !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! " "  It makes you think big , " linebacker Robert Ayers told reporters . "  If you look at  it  historically , the teams that won the Super Bowl are teams with a guy like Ben Roethlisberger and Drew Brees and Eli  Manning  and Aaron Rodgers and all those guys . So it definitely makes you confident . " Linebacker Joe Mays , who officially signed again with the Broncos on Monday , told CNN affiliate KMGH , "  We 're definitely going to go for that Super Bowl ring , and we 're going to do whatever it takes . We 've got the man at quarterback to play for us . " Titans owner K.S. "  Bud " Adams said in a statement that he spoke with Manning on Monday morning . "  I want to thank the whole organization for their efforts in trying to sign Peyton and also to Peyton for the time he put into the process , " he said . "  Peyton called me this morning to inform me of his decision and obviously I am disappointed , because I thought we would be a perfect fit . "	NEW : Fate of last year 's popular Bronco QB Tim Tebow is uncertain NEW : "  I 'm proud to be a Denver Bronco , " Peyton Manning says at news conference The former Colt was named the NFL 's Most Valuable Player a record four times Colts owner congratulates Peyton Manning "  as he heads to a tremendous organization "
Hashima Island is one of the strangest places you 'll ever be able to explore -- and few can . This eerie , desolate place of deserted tower blocks some 17 kilometers  10.5 miles  off the coast of Nagasaki in western Japan was opened to tourists four years ago but access is strictly limited . The buildings are too decrepit , so tourists skirt a defined path around one corner of the island . Only with special permission from Nagasaki City Council can you pick your way through the apartment blocks and climb the so-called "  Stairway to Hell " to get a proper view of the ruins from the wind-battered shrine at the top . It is a scene more of devastation than decay when viewed from above . Decades of typhoons and sea water erosion have torn at the concrete high-rises . Foundations hammered deep into the ocean to support the huge concrete structures stand exposed . Timber , which once lined balconies , lies in piles where the wind has left it . Take a wrong turn and you 'll find yourself on narrow paths connecting one rooftop with another , vertiginous drops on either side . If you have any fear of heights at all , it 's the kind of situation where you might prefer to inch down to ground level on your hands and knees rather than your feet . However this scene will seem strangely familiar to James Bond fans -- Hashima served as the inspiration for the villain 's home in the latest 007 movie "  Skyfall . " The courtyard of building number 65 is where one unfortunate Bond girl meets a sticky end . According to Nagasaki City Council , location scouts came a number of times to scope the island but decided it was too dangerous for filming . So Hashima sets remarkably close to the real thing were built at Pinewood Studios instead . The once bustling island community 's raison d'être was coal . The first mine shaft was dug here in 1887 . Three years later Japanese engineering giant Mitsubishi bought Hashima and transformed it into a highly efficient mining facility housing workers and their families in some of the world 's earliest concrete high-rises . The island expanded as Japan 's demand for coal grew -- upwards in a forest of apartment blocks and outwards by a series of land reclamations . Though today weeds and plants have taken root in derelict balconies and rooftops , children then knew only grey . "  There were no bushes , no flowers , we did n't even know what the cherry blossom was , " recalled Hideo Kaji , who was born on Hashima in 1932 . "  We told the seasons from one another by listening to the wind or looking at the color of the ocean and the sky . " The period of Kaji 's childhood was also the darkest in Hashima 's history . Like many of imperial Japan 's industrial facilities , Hashima was a destination for hundreds of Korean forced laborers . During World War II , Chinese prisoners of war joined their ranks . For them , Hashima was a desperate place . In the peace museum at Nagasaki , testimonies from Korean forced laborers line the walls , collated by museum director Yasunori Takazane . "  The common stories I heard from Korean and Chinese laborers was that they are enormously hungry . The meals were miserable and when they could not go to work they were tortured , punched and kicked . " Kaji 's best friend at school was Korean . He says he did n't see much discrimination against Koreans but he remembers his parents talking about one episode when a Korean worker was beaten . "  My father and mother were saying how sorry they were but my Dad said it was inevitable because it is wartime . " He remembers resenting the Chinese as a child because they were "  locked up in the southern part of the island , right where we used to play baseball . We were so upset they took our place to play , but after the war ended I learned they were forced to work there . " Kaji only left the island in 1974 when the mine closed down . Petrol had replaced coal as Japan 's major fuel source . Mitsubishi pulled out , the workers found jobs on the mainland and Hashima was left to rot . "  It was an energy revolution and we all knew in our hearts that it was end for coal , " said Kaji . "  If I were to describe it in one word , it was just sad . Even now I still see it as a once in a lifetime thing , living on that island . "  Read more : Hashima Island 's dark history Tomoji Kobata only lived on Hashima for a year in 1961 but he knows the paths in and around the ruins inside out . Well into his seventies he picks his way through the rubble , pointing out the oddities that were part of everyday life -- the baths where the water was always black because the miners would jump in fully clothed at the end of a long day ; the spots on the fortified walls where lovers would eek out a privacy of sorts to watch the sun go down . This was the period when Hashima was one of the most densely populated places on earth -- 5,259 people living on just 16 acres at its peak in 1959 . "  It reminded me of Hong Kong . Cooking hours were quite noisy . Wives would borrow seasoning and exchange food they could n't finish . No one needed to lock the door . " Kobata now works for Gunkanjima Concierge , one of the tour operators that bring tourists to the island . He says he 'll tell visitors about the forced labor issue but he wo n't dwell on it . "  There were so many other sides to life on the island beyond that , " he said . But it remains a sore point . Japan wants Hashima recognized as a UNESCO world heritage site but South Korea objects . Takazane says Japan needs to address the issue with more honesty . "  Auschwitz is registered as world heritage site so people can remember the historical crime . As for Hashima , some seem not to want to remember that dark side and focus instead on its contribution as a locomotive of Japan 's industrialization . That 's a betrayal of history . " Japan was required to pay reparations to the countries it wronged during World War II as part of a series of post-war treaties . On the 50th anniversary of the end of the war , Japan 's Prime Minister Tomiichi Murayama offered a general apology for the "  tremendous damage and suffering to the people of many countries , particularly to those of Asian nations ' caused by its ` colonial rule and aggression . ' " But there have been several recent lawsuits , filed by Chinese workers against Mitsubishi , demanding compensation and a specific apology for their enslavement in facilities across the Japanese empire during the war . All have failed . Kobata may be right to say there is a lot more to Hashima 's history than the forced labor that tarnished its earlier years . It may not have been any worse a place necessarily than any of the other forced labor locations around the Japanese Empire . But as it crumbles slowly into the ocean , the island 's concrete towers are an eerie symbol of a war wound that has not yet healed .	Hashima , on Japan 's West coast , opened its first coal mine in 1887 Mitsubishi turned it into a mining facility housing workers and their families Island also the inspiration for the villain 's home in the latest 007 movie "  Skyfall " But the island , now derelict , has a darker history relating to slave labor during WWII
Seoul , South Korea  CNN  -- Four Chinese fishermen died and 12 were missing in stormy waters off South Korea 's Jeju Island on Tuesday as Typhoon Bolaven plowed toward the Korean Peninsula after making landfall on Okinawa . Maritime police on Jeju Island said 17 people had been rescued but searches were on for those still unaccounted for after two boats capsized early Tuesday as Bolaven raged . Okinawa , meanwhile , emerged relatively unscathed after the typhoon buffeted it with maximum sustained winds near its center of 185 kilometers per hour  115 mph  , according to the Hong Kong Observatory , which monitors storms in the region . That wind strength put Bolaven in the "  super typhoon " category . And with a cloud field of 2,000 kilometers  1,250 miles  , it was 20 times larger than Okinawa 's length . The storm has since weakened somewhat to become a "  severe typhoon . " Okinawa , which is situated in an area of the western Pacific Ocean where typhoons are frequent , avoided the kind of destruction that some other storms have caused in East Asia this summer . Five people were injured on the island , the local authorities said , and 549 residents took shelter in public buildings to avoid potential damage to their homes . About 17,500 households lost electricity as the storm damaged power lines . Storm chaser James Reynolds was on the northwestern coast of the island during the worst of the typhoon . "  Like the rest of the population we all just kind of holed up in the strong and sturdy buildings which make up Okinawa , " he said Monday . The infrastructure on Okinawa is designed to withstand violent storms . "  Everything 's made of solid concrete , " Reynolds said . The damage was also limited because Bolaven did n't bring winds as powerful as initially feared , said Morichiyo Ohshiro , an official from the Okinawa Prefecture Disaster Prevention and Crisis Management Division . North of Okinawa , the Amami Islands suffered a major power outage as a result of the typhoon . According to Kyushu Electric Power Corporation , which provides power to the area , 56,300 households were without power as of Monday morning . All residents of about 2,540 households on Yoron , one of the islands in the chain , were advised by the local authorities to relocate to nearby public facilities as the storm made its way northward . President Lee Myung-bak of South Korea on Monday called on government agencies to take measures to minimize damage from the approaching storm , the national news agency Yonhap reported , citing Park Jeong-ha , a spokesman for Lee . Isaac near hurricane strength ; watch extends to Louisiana Typhoon Tembin made landfall in southern Taiwan a few days ago , and was expected to work its way toward Hong Kong . But Bolaven , which is much stronger , has stopped Tembin 's movement toward Hong Kong and has been spinning it around . Time : Most destructive U.S. hurricanes "  As Typhoon Bolaven moves northward towards the Yellow Sea , it will drag Tembin toward the China coast very near Shanghai , " said CNN International meteorologist Tom Sater . "  That 's an amazing change in direction . " Are you there ? Share your stories , images and videos . Photos : Finding beauty in violent storms CNN 's Paula Hancocks , Yoko Wakatsuki and Ralitsa Vassileva ; and CNN meteorologist Pedram Javaheri contributed to this report .	Four fisherman are found dead and 17 have been rescued The search is on for another 12 fishermen still missing Typhoon 's winds in Okinawa not as strong as initially feared , local official says Typhoon Bolaven 's cloud field is about 20 times the length of Okinawa
CNN  -- Las Vegas police still do n't know what set off the incident , what prompted the driver of a gray Honda Accord to hit an man and leave him writhing in pain on the pavement of Las Vegas gas station . In the two weeks since the incident , the motorists has eluded them . But they do have one thing : surveillance camera footage . And like other enforcement around the country , they think by releasing the video , by posting it online , they 'll get the help they need . The start of the video seems mundane . Cars line up to get gas , people coming and going . Then , a gray Honda Accord pulls into the parking lot of an AMPM gas station . The Accord cuts off a man 's car . The man , wearing a red cap and sweatshirt , drives around it to avoid an accident . Later , as the man crosses the parking lot , the Accord drives up to him , nearly clipping him . Then the car moves forward , bumping the man and running him over . As the car turns out of the station , the man is seen lying on the ground . His cap is knocked off his head . He clutches his legs . "  The guy was on the floor for 10 minutes , screaming , " gas station employee Sheyla Rodriguez told CNN affiliate KVVU . "  We tried to help him the most we can . " The man was seriously injured and taken to a hospital for treatment , the affiliate said . The incident occurred February 6 . That all happened on February 6th . Police have some information about the driver , some information about the car and they know it 's has a California plate . They 're hoping if the video gets views , they 'll get their man . It 's not a farfetched idea . Earlier this month , police in San Antonio released a frightening helmet camera video recorded by a motorcyclist weaving in and out of traffic . In about a week , they had their suspect in custody . And last fall , video of an altercation between motorcyclists and an SUV driver in Manhattan resulted in several arrests . Officer Larry Hadfield in Las Vegas thinks the same could happen in his case . "  It could take just one viewer , " he told KVVU . "  At no point does anyone deserve to be run over by a car in this way . "	Police think releasing surveillance footage will lead to arrest A gray Honda bumps and runs over a man "  It could take just one viewer , " office says
CNN  -- A second Massachusetts compounding pharmacy surrendered its license after state inspectors found "  significant " issues that could affect sterility , state health officials said . The pharmacy , Infusion Resource , was also found to have a center for giving intravenous medications to patients in violation of state regulations , which require a clinic license , Dr. Madeleine Biondolillo , director of the Massachusetts Department of Public Health Bureau of Healthcare Safety and Quality , said Sunday . The state Board of Pharmacy immediately issued a cease and desist notice to Infusion Resource after the October 23 inspection revealed the violations , she said . Over the weekend , the Department of Public Health "  secured the voluntary surrender of Infusion 's pharmacy license . " The company , which compounds antibiotic and nutritional IV medications for home use , said in a statement it has since recalled all compounded products dispensed in the past month , effecting 38 patients . "  No issues were cited related to the integrity of our products nor to the quality of our compounding practices , " said Bernard Lambrese , Infusion Resource CEO , in a statement . "  It is correct that Infusion Resource does not have a clinic license from the Commonwealth of Massachusetts . The space in our facility is intended for patient education , validation of patient and caregiver skills , medication counseling , medication education , teaching and training . " What is a compounding pharmacy ? Massachusetts Gov. Deval Patrick said last week the state would immediately begin unannounced inspections of all Massachusetts pharmacies and require that they submit annual reports detailing what they produce and distribute . That announcement came in the wake of the fungal meningitis outbreak that has caused 25 deaths and 354 illnesses , linked to the Massachusetts-based New England Compounding Center . Seven of those illnesses are peripheral joint infections that specifically affect a joint such as a knee , hip , shoulder or elbow . Infusion Resource is not linked to the outbreak . The incident began unfolding September 24 , when the department was notified about a cluster of six rare fungal meningitis cases in Tennessee . The patients shared several risk factors , including having received an epidural injection of a steroid -- methylprednisolone acetate -- that had been compounded at the NECC in Framingham . The department soon learned that the suspect product had been distributed to more than 14,000 patients in 23 states . FDA : Drug maker had internal warnings months before meningitis outbreak The Department of Public Health has asked two other companies -- Ameridose and Alaunus Pharmaceutical -- to cease all pharmacy operations based on their shared ownership and leadership with NECC . "  NECC 's transparency in dealing with the board since inception in 1998 demonstrates its good faith intention to operate in compliance with the requirements of its license , " said Paul Cirel , a Boston-based lawyer representing the compounder , in a statement last week . "  Furthermore , the company 's intention and best efforts at compliance are equally applicable in every other state in which it has been licensed . "	Investigators found "  significant " issues in an inspection of Infusion Resource The company surrendered its pharmacy license over the weekend It has recalled all compounded products dispensed in the past month The inspections are conducted in the wake of a multistate meningitis outbreak
CNN  -- The judge in the murder case of 17-year-old Trayvon Martin has denied a prosecution 's motion for a gag order , but noted the court could reconsider if attorneys in the case write or say anything considered prejudicial . "  At this time , there is no demonstrated need to restrict free speech , " Seminole County Circuit Judge Kenneth R. Lester wrote . The decision -- which was made public Tuesday -- rejects , among other things , prosecutor concerns over a lack of juror impartiality due to the amount of media coverage surrounding the high-profile case . "  The case should be tried in the courtroom and not in the media , " the motion read in its petition for a gag order . But Lester wrote that the attorneys had so far represented "  the utmost in professionalism in their public statements , " and ruled against the motion . George Zimmerman , the neighborhood watch volunteer accused of wrongly killing Martin on February 26 , was released last week on $ 150,000 bail , 10 % of which was put up to secure his release while he awaits trial on a second-degree murder charge . Zimmerman was arrested April 11 after a lengthy delay punctuated by protests and rallies nationwide calling for charges against him . Critics have accused him of racially profiling and unjustly killing Martin , though Zimmerman told police that he shot Martin in self-defense . Although details of the shooting remain murky , both sides agree that Martin ventured out from the Sanford , Florida , home of his father 's fiancee and went to a nearby convenience store , where he bought a bag of candy and an iced tea . On his way back , he had a confrontation with Zimmerman , who shot him . Zimmerman had called 911 to complain about a suspicious person in the neighborhood , according to authorities . In the call , Zimmerman said he was following Martin after the teen started to run , prompting the dispatcher to tell him , "  We do n't need you to do that . " Zimmerman apparently disregarded that advice , but then said he lost sight of Trayvon .	The judge has denied a prosecution 's motion for a gag order He noted the court could reconsider if attorneys in the case say anything prejudicial Neighborhood watch volunteer George Zimmerman is accused of wrongly killing Trayvon Martin
Paris , France  CNN  -- French investigators said they are looking into problems encountered by an Air France jet last month in nearly the same spot over the Atlantic where another Air France jet mysteriously crashed in June . Air France flight 445 was flying from Rio de Janeiro , Brazil , to Paris , France , the night of Nov. 29 when it encountered the problems , the French accident investigation agency , BEA , said in a news release this week . It is the same route taken by Air France flight 447 when it went down in the Atlantic Ocean in stormy weather June 1 , killing all 228 people aboard . The investigation agency has not established the cause of the crash , and large parts of the plane -- including both flight recorders -- have never been found . "  The analysis of what happened could lead to complementary explanations about the accident of flight AF 447 , " the investigation agency said . Flight 445 encountered "  severe turbulence " about four hours after takeoff on Nov. 29 , forcing the pilots to descend , Air France said in a statement after the flight . The crew sent out an emergency radio message to indicate it had left its flight level , Air France said . The flight , with 215 people aboard , "  continued normally " after half an hour of moderate to severe turbulence , the airline said . Air France declined to comment on the investigation agency 's statement this week . The BEA said the November flight was an Airbus A330-203 , the same model involved in the June crash , but Air France said the November incident involved an Airbus A330-200 . While French authorities have not yet determined what caused the June crash , tests have brought into question the performance of pitot tubes , which are used to measure the pressure exerted on the plane as it flies through the air , and are part of a system used to determine air speed . Flight 447 sent out 24 automated error messages before it crashed that suggested the plane may have been flying too fast or too slow through the thunderstorms , officials have said . The European Aviation Safety Agency  EASA  issued a directive in late August requiring airlines to replace pitot tubes manufactured by Thales Avionics on Airbus A330s and A340s . It said airlines should replace them with other Thales tubes and those manufactured by Goodrich . -- CNN 's Luc Lacroix contributed to this report	Air France jet encountered problems near where Airbus jet crashed earlier this year Flight 445 encountered "  severe turbulence " about 4 hours after takeoff on Nov. 29 Flight 447 went down in the Atlantic Ocean on June 1 , killing 228 people
Russian President Vladimir Putin warned the West on Sunday against arming Syrian rebels "  who kill their enemies and eat their organs , " referencing a widely circulated video that purports to show a rebel fighter eating the heart of a dead soldier . Putin 's comments signaled a clear disapproval of a U.S. plan to increase military support to Syrian rebels , and his warning came just one day before he was to meet with U.S. President Barack Obama for talks at the Group of Eight summit in Northern Ireland where Syria is expected to top the agenda . "  I believe you will not deny that one should hardly back those who kill their enemies and eat their organs . ... Do you want to support these people ? Do you want to supply arms to these people ? " Putin asked , speaking to reporters in London after meeting with British Prime Minister David Cameron . Explosion , fire at Damascus military airport The video referenced by Putin first surfaced online in May and generated outrage . The video , which was posted by a group loyal to President Bashar al-Assad , also raised questions abut the credibility of the rebels despite widespread condemnation of the act by the opposition . Putin said those actions do not represent the "  humanitarian and cultural values " of Europe or Russia . Opinion : Why a man eats another man 's heart "  If we speak calmly , in a businesslike fashion , let me draw your attention to the fact that Russia supplies arms to the legitimate government of Syria in full compliance with the norms of international law , " he said . "  We are not breaching any rules and norms . Let me emphasize that : we are not breaching any rules and norms , and we call on all our partners to act in the same fashion . " Russia has been at odds with the United States , the UK and others over how to bring an end to the bloodshed in the civil war that has raged in Syria for more than two years , a conflict that the United Nations estimates has left more than 92,000 people dead and millions displaced . Russia and Syria have an alliance dating back to the Cold War , and Moscow has been one of the leading weapons suppliers for al-Assad 's government . Obama is expected during his meeting with Putin to make his case for increasing support to the rebels . Obama 's administration announced the move last week after it said Syria crossed a "  red line " with the use of chemical weapons , including sarin gas , against the opposition . Obama has not detailed the increased military support , but Washington officials told CNN that the plan includes providing small arms , ammunition and possibly anti-tank weapons to the rebels . World leaders have put enormous pressure on al-Assad to end the war and step down , and U.N. Security Council efforts to take action have been repeatedly blocked by Russia and China . Cameron , meanwhile , told reporters that Britain had not decided whether to provide weapons to rebels but was providing technical assistance and training alongside the United States , France and its other allies . "  I 'm in no doubt that responsibility lies with President Assad . It is the onslaught that he is inflicted on his own people which is the primary cause of the suffering , the humanitarian catastrophe and the deaths we have seen , " he said . Putin told reporters that he hoped the G8 summit would provide an avenue that would allow him to help broker a peace deal to end the Syrian conflict . He said he believed both sides were responsible for the bloodshed . Will Rouhani alter Iran 's policy on Syria ? Cameron acknowledged that he and Putin have deep differences on the issue of Syria but said they agree that it will take political and diplomatic efforts to help end the carnage . Putin did not address Russian concerns that the United States may attempt to enforce a no-fly zone over Syria , using F-16 fighter jets and Patriot missiles based in Jordan . On Saturday , Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov warned the United States against taking such action , saying it would be a violation of international law , according to Russian state broadcaster Russia Today . Russian television reported that Lavrov 's comments followed speculation in the media that a no-fly zone could be imposed through the deployment of the missile systems and fighter jets sent by the United States to global military drills in Jordan . Those reports followed news that the United States had approved a Jordanian request to keep the fighter jets and missiles in the country after the conclusion of a joint military exercise . U.S. State Department spokeswoman Jen Psaki has dismissed media accounts that Obama has decided on establishing a no-fly zone . Those reports are incorrect , she told reporters on Friday . U.S. Deputy National Security Adviser Ben Rhodes also addressed the matter Friday when he was asked how difficult it would be to establish a no-fly zone . "  In Syria , when you have the situation where regime forces are intermingled with opposition forces , they 're fighting in some instances block by block in cities . That 's not a problem you can solve from the air , " he said . Syrian rebels have pleaded for anti-tank and anti-aircraft weapons , saying they are outgunned by al-Assad 's miltary . In recent weeks , the rebels have suffered a series of devastating setbacks , including the loss of the stronghold of Qusayr near the Syria-Lebanon border , that coincide with the arrival of Hezbollah fighters who have been reinforcing government troops . In recent days , al-Assad 's military and the Hezbollah fighters , backed by Lebanon and Iran , have been battling rebels for control of Aleppo , Syria 's largest city .	Vladimir Putin blames both sides for the bloodshed in Syria Russian president says alleged acts by rebels do n't represent the values of Europe or Russia Russia 's arms contracts with Syria are in " full compliance " with international law , he says Russia warns the U.S. against a no-fly zone over Syria
CNN  From footfalls to climbing stairs , to opening doors , the cities of the future will look at ways of tapping energy from all the mechanical energy we expend going about our daily lives . When looking at the amount of kinetic energy produced in the average metro station at rush hour , or even on the dance floors of nightclubs , harvesting electricity from human activity makes sense . The technology that makes it possible -- the piezoelectric effect -- is more than 130 years old : in 1880 , the brothers Jacques and Pierre Curie discovered that placing crystals under pressure produced an electric charge . Today , manufacturing technology has made it possible to place piezoelectric devices in the most unlikely places and one company , Pavegen , has developed power-generating systems for pavements , football fields and even school corridors . "  People walk up to 150 million footsteps in their lifetime , " Pavegen CEO Laurence Kemball-Cook told CNN . "  When I was walking through a busy train station in London I thought what if we can convert the energy from every single person walking at the station into a meaningful amount of power . " The company 's footfall harvesting technology -- a deflecting pad covered with the type of soft ground surface commonly found in playgrounds - can produce up to 7 watts of energy with each step . Collecting this energy , Kemball-Cook says , is enough to power lights and other small devices for minutes at a time from a mere one hundred or so footfalls . The technology is most effective in areas with high traffic , producing an efficient solution that matches supply with demand . In Rio de Janeiro , Brazil , for instance , the company installed 200 kinetic tiles into a local football pitch in Morro da Mineira -- a favela plagued by blackouts . The Pavegen tiles work day and night alongside solar panels to power the lights for up to 10 hours on a full battery , creating the world 's first ever people-powered football pitch . "  It 's not only a way of inspiring future generations into energy savings but it shows we need different energy mixes , " Kemball-Cook said . "  Some people walk 40,000 steps a day , so there 's a lot of potential in those wasted footsteps . "  Most people go to a gym so why are we plugging in those treadmills ? Why not have those self-powered to charge your cellphone ? To power the aircon in the building ? Use the energy in a new way ? " The company this year installed 36 tiles to create two people-powered dance floors at the 20th Essence Festival , placing digital screens in front of the dance floors to display the amount of energy produced during each dance off . Energy-harvesting technology has even been developed for miniature applications including self-powered contact lenses that use blinking as their power source . Much like Google glasses , the battery-free contact lenses could deliver information to a user that would be projected before a users ' eyes as if it were thrown up on a screen . Despite the one-off niche applications , Pavegen has ambitious plans for the sector as a fully scalable renewables producer . Analysts estimate the energy harvesting industry could be worth as much $ 30 billion by 2018 . Read more from Tomorrow Transformed : NASA 's plan for a floating city above Venus Wind farms of the future go underwater Is the Darknet a glimpse into the web of the future ?	A company called Pavegen has developed a technology to turn footsteps into electricity Walking and other human activities can generate power via piezoelectric cells Pavegen 's energy harvesting technology can produce up to 7 watts of electricity with each footstep Analysts estimate the energy harvesting industry could be worth as much $ 30 billion by 2018
CNN  -- Never one to miss a joke , even when it involves a threat on his life , David Letterman came armed with punchlines for Monday night 's show , the first since a jihadist website urged its American followers to kill the comedian . "  Tonight , you people are ... more than an audience , " Letterman said , as he opened his monologue . "  You 're more like a human shield . " "  Backstage I was talking to the guy from CBS , we were going through the CBS life insurance policy to see if I was covered for jihad , " Letterman deadpanned . Sticking with the theme , the comedian unveiled a "  Who hates Dave " list , which starts with al Qaeda and Sarah Palin , but also includes Canadians , Dave 's clergyman , cats , squirrels and walruses . The writer who posted the death threat last week was upset by Letterman jokes about Osama bin Laden and another al Qaeda leader killed in Pakistan , according to SITE intelligence group , which monitors and translates online terror activity . "  This despicable person mocked the leaders of the mujahideen , " the post says . The death threat urges jihadist followers to cut off Letterman 's tongue and "  shut it forever . " CNN could not independently confirm the message . A spokesman for the FBI said last week that the agency is looking into the death threats . "  In the post 9/11 world , we take all of these threats seriously , " spokesman Peter Donald said . Just to show that he was n't taking it too seriously , Letterman continued the theme into his nightly Top 10 list -- the "  Top 10 thoughts that went through my mind after hearing about the threat . " 10 . Someone wants to silence me ? Get in line . 9 . Nothing says summer fun like a death threat . 8 . Why is the staff in such a good mood ? 7 . Save me , Oprah . 6 . Should I wear my Kevlar hairpiece ? 5 . And here I thought nobody watched the show . 4 . How can someone be so angry at a time when Kim Kardashian is so happy ? 3 . Some people get Emmy nominations ; some people get death threats . 2 . This seems like  Jay  Leno 's handiwork . 1 . Oh my God ! They canceled the George Lopez Show	Letterman does n't let a death threat stop the jokes He says he thinks of his audience "  like a human shield " The comedian 's Top 10 list features his response to the threat The FBI says it takes such threats seriously
London  CNN  -- Mention bedbugs and the natural reaction is to shudder and start scratching . But one who does n't get the heebee jeebees is Lola -- canine detective and professional bedbug catcher . Trained at the Pepe Canine Academy in Florida , the two-year-old Jack Russell is all that pest controller Mark Astley needs . With Lola 's heightened sense of smell , Astley can identify bedbugs and their eggs without having to rely on the telltale signs -- feces that appear as tiny black spots that smear when wiped . Bedbugs like to stay close to people -- "  anything that is in close proximity to where we are or where we sleep , " explains Astley , owner of Trust K9 . "  Seventy percent of bedbugs tend to be quite close to us , and then within 5 foot , we 've got  another  23 % , research shows , " he says . The remaining 7 % lurk in the extremities of a house , he says , including corners , in the fabric of the house , in the carpet , behind baseboards , behind wardrobes , and in drawers . The house he is investigating in Essex , England is empty . The tenants moved out when the first bedbugs appeared , leaving the landlord , who wants to remain anonymous , to deal with the problem . Wagging her tail and pulling on the leash , Lola is ready to work . Astley gives the command "  Find your Bs " and Lola starts sniffing . It is in the main bedroom that Lola strikes gold . Next to the wardrobe , she steadies herself with her hind legs and furiously scratches the edge of carpet by the baseboard with her little paws . "  Good girl ! Good girl ! " Astley shrieks and rewards her with biscuits . A few chomps later , Lola is off again . Now that key areas have been identified , Astley can have a closer look to assess how bad the problem is . "  I 'm looking for either bedbug eggs ... feces -- black spots , take a finger over it and see if it smears . Immediately looking along here ... there 's nothing obvious here ... it could well be they are burrowed deep , " he says . "  Ah ! There you go . There 's a bedbug . " The size of this blood-sucker is surprising -- slightly bigger than an apple seed . Bedbugs go through five stages of its life , shedding their skin twice in each stage , as they fatten up with blood . They can lay up to 500 eggs in their lifetime . Bedbugs can take 10 to 14 days to hatch and will lay dormant , in some cases up to a year , if they ca n't detect anyone in the room breathing . It is the carbon dioxide we exhale that alerts them to come and bite us . Pest control companies like Trust K9 are seeing the number of jobs rocket every year specifically to treat bedbugs . Rentokil has seen a 24 % increase in bedbug exterminations in the United Kingdom over the past year . "  It 's becoming more widespread . In recent years bedbug numbers have gone up between 100-500 % in North America , in Europe and in parts of Asia and Australia " said Rowan Hooper , news editor for the New Scientist magazine . "  Perhaps the reason they 're becoming more widespread is they 've evolved resistance from the normal pesticides that have been used to kill them off , " he speculates . The global resurgence of bedbugs is also related the rise in second-hand clothes and furniture shops , and an increase in travel to and from infested regions , typically along the old Silk Route to the far east . In the United States , the problem has become bad enough that the Environmental Protection Agency has convened two summits on the issue . The crisis is not likely to subside any time soon , scientists said at the most recent one , earlier this month . Astley gets rid of bedbugs by transforming the infested house into an oven . There are no chemicals involved -- just very hot air . That has the advantage of killing all of them , including their eggs , he says . Working with Canadian company DRYAIR , he heats the house to 134 degrees Fahrenheit  67 degrees Celsius  for two to three hours . Nothing can hide -- bedbugs , lice , mites , cockroaches , he says . Starting at $ 2,000 for a two-bedroom house , heat treatment is faster and more expensive than chemical sprays , at $ 480 . Chemical treatment is effective but takes up to 21 days to break the life cycle of bedbugs because the chemicals can not kill their eggs . With heat , an infested room or house can be treated at 8 in the morning and be bug-free by the evening , Astley says . That is good news for hotels who do not want to lose money or their reputation . "  We do get quite a lot of reports of bedbugs , " says Emma O'Boyle from the travel website Tripadvisor . "  Of course it 's the hotelier 's responsibility to sort it out -- and quite often if they notice a review that says ` we 've experienced bedbugs , ' they have the opportunity to go on there do a right to reply and we always recommend that , " she says . Announcing that they have had the hotel fumigated can help reassure potential guests , she adds . If you type in "  bedbugs " on Tripadvisor , more than 42,000 results come up -- hotel reviews from disgruntled guests . The site , which has more than 40 million hotel reviews , also brings out a "  dirtiest hotels " list every year , naming and shaming the worst offenders from North America , Europe , Asia and India . One hotel in the dirtiest European Hotels 2011 list had the comment : "  25 bedbugs between the two of us . " Bedbugs can spoil any holiday or business trip but there are a few myths that need to be dispelled . "  The biggest myth is that you 've got to be a dirty person to get bed bugs -- it 's absolute rubbish because bedbugs do n't discriminate between rich or poor , dirty or clean . I know for a fact five-star hotels suffer from them , right down to your bed and breakfasts , " says Astley , adding he has treated seven hotels in London so far this year . And it 's very easy to pick them up , he warns . "  We put something down ... in a hotel room or somewhere we 're staying that has a high occupancy or common turnover , and they climb on . They 're like little hitchhikers , " he says . "  I 've come out of a hotel with Lola and she 's walked passed the baggage in the lobby and spun round and started alerting on somebody 's luggage . " If it feels like your hotel room has some unwelcome guests , have a look around the corners of the mattress and the bed frame for those "  felt-tip " black spots and rub your finger over them to see if they smear . If there are no other rooms available to move into , then the safest place for you and your luggage is the bath -- bedbugs do n't like shiny surfaces .	One London exterminator works with Lola , a specially trained bug-finding dog Much of the world is experiencing a rise in bedbug infestations Heat can be more effective than chemicals in killing them Like little hitchhikers , bedbugs can easily catch a ride on clothes or luggage
CNN  -- Manchester United produced a five star showing to book its place in the knockout phase of the Champions League Wednesday . The English champion cruised to a 5-0 away win at Bayer Leverkusen -- despite missing a whole host of players including striker Robin van Persie . United , which has endured a difficult start to the season under new manager David Moyes , was held to a disappointing draw at Cardiff in the Premier League at the weekend . But it gave a gentle reminder of its European pedigree with a fine victory as it racked up the club 's biggest away win in the Champions League . More goals "  We could have scored more , " Ryan Giggs told Sky Sports . "  But we ca n't be too greedy . To score five anywhere in Europe is a great result . "  Going into a game knowing a win puts us through is a carrot and the five goals and a clean sheet is a bonus . It was a pleasure . " Antonio Valencia gave United the lead midway through the first half before an own goal from Emir Spahic doubled the visiting team 's advantage . Jonny Evans , Chris Smalling and Portugal winger Nani added further strikes after the interval . "  There were so many good performances , " United manager Moyes told Sky Sports . "  To come to Germany and get a such a good result , Leverkusen are second in the Bundesliga behind Bayern Munich , it gives an idea of where our performance and result stood . " -LSB- The performance -RSB- was what I was hoping to get more often , there have been signs we are getting better but also signs we have been wasteful as well . " Top spot United still requires a point from its final fixture against Shakhtar Donestk to secure top spot in Group A. Shakhtar still boasts aspirations of claiming top spot after it defeated Real Sociedad 4-0 in Ukraine . But it will have to beat United at Old Trafford to win the group , while Leverkusen must beat Real and hope Shakhtar fail to win . The defeat was Leverkusen 's first at home in 14 games since losing 2-1 to Bayern Munich in the Bundesliga back in March . "  When you conceded five goals , there is n't much more to say , " Leverkusen striker Stefan Kiessling told reporters . "  We should never have allowed them so many chances to shoot . " Real deal Meanwhile , Real Madrid also qualified for the next stage following a 4-1 home win over Galatasaray . Deprived of its injured talisman Cristiano Ronaldo , Real 's night threatened to unravel following the sending off of defender Sergio Ramos . But goals from Gareth Bale , Alvaro Arbeloa , Angel di Maria and Isco secured all three points . "  The team was very , very good in the second half , " Arbeloa told Canal Plus . "  The coach was exactly right in the tactical changes he made and we were able to press them higher up the pitch . " Galatasaray can still make it through to the last-16 but it must defeat Juventus in its final group game . Juventus needs just a point to take second place after it saw off FC Copenhagen 3-1 thanks to a hat-trick from Arturo Vidal . Cavani class Also through to the next stage is Paris Saint-Germain , which left it late to see off Olympiakos 2-1 in the French capital . Despite being reduced to 10 men when Marco Verratti was sent off , PSG prevailed thanks to goals from Zlatan Ibrahimovic and Edinson Cavani . Olympiakos must now beat Anderlecht on December 10 and hope that Benfica fails to claim maximum points against PSG if it is to progress . Benfica edged out Anderlecht 3-2 in Belgium with Rodrigo netting a 90th minute winner . Record run Elsewhere , defending champion Bayern Munich set a new Champions League record after winning a 10th consecutive game . The German side defeated CSKA Moscow 3-1 in Russia to eclipse the previous record of nine straight wins by Barcelona , which recorded the feat in 2002-3 . "  Getting 10 wins in a row is very hard and I am proud of my players , the club and everyone involved , " Bayern manager Pep Guardiola told reporters . Arjen Robben fired Bayern ahead on 17 minutes before Mario Gotze netted a stylish second . Keisuke Honda pulled a goal back from the penalty spot just after the hour mark only for Thomas Muller to net Bayern 's third . "  It is a fantastic achievement to win 10 consecutive games in Europe especially if you consider we also played Barcelona and then Borussia Dortmund on the way to the final  last season  , " Robben told reporters . "  We have said we do n't play for records , we play to win titles . But we have a great team and I am proud to be part of it . " City slickers In the group 's other game , Manchester City eased to a 4-2 win over Czech side Viktoria Plzen . City , already through to the next stage , continued its goalscoring streak following the 6-0 Premier League win over Tottenham at the weekend . Sergio Aguero , Samir Nasri , Alvaro Negredo and Edin Dzeko were all on target .	Manchester United qualifies for second phase Bayern Munich sets new Champions League record Real Madrid and PSG also ease through Juventus faces nervous last day wait for qualification
CNN  -- Valerie Wood-Harber 's brother , Quinten , needed a lot of special care . He was born with a rare chromosomal abnormality , which meant even as a teenager , he needed help doing things that most people take for granted . Getting dressed could be a challenge . So could eating . But Quinten was also a happy child , who loved water , hugs and the music duo Daft Punk , his sister said . He smiled and laughed about everything . "  Honestly , my biggest worry about him was that he was going to outlive the people that were able to take care of him , " said Wood-Harber . "  That was my biggest fear . He was healthy . " Quinten Douglas Wood , 15 , died on January 4 . A medical examiner 's report lists his cause of death as acute pneumonia . The manner of death was ruled natural . Despite the report , Wood-Harber , 28 , says she has questions , and she 's not alone . Wood-Harber has started an online petition , calling for the governor to investigate schools and the Oklahoma Department of Human Services over her brother 's death , which she says was caused by negligence . More than 250,000 people have signed it . Quinten passed away less than a month after Wood-Harber says she called DHS to report their father , who took care of Quinten and the boy 's younger brother in Oklahoma City . Wood-Harber lives in Fayetteville , Arkansas . In keeping with its policy following the death of a child when there is an open or pending referral , DHS initiated an investigation . The department is working alongside the Oklahoma City Police Department , the Oklahoma Commission on Children and Youth , the Oklahoma Medical Examiner 's Office and The Children 's Hospital . Their investigations are ongoing . The goal is to find out exactly what happened , said Sheree Powell , director of communications and community relations at DHS . Who knew what and when ? And what , if anything , could have been done to prevent Quinten 's death ? "  I think the biggest thing we would like to emphasize right now is just how heartbreaking this whole situation is and that we 're working very , very diligently to try to find justice for this boy , " Powell said . ` Would n't live to see a year ' When his son was born , Michael Wood says that doctors thought he would n't live to be a year old . Unlike his daughter , he recalled the various health problems his son suffered . Wood , 47 , said Quinten had so many ear infections that antibiotics rarely worked . He had been hospitalized at least nine times with pneumonia , and each time took its toll , he said . A single working dad , Wood needed help to care for his disabled son . He said he went to DHS three times , starting in 2010 , to ask for it . "  They bounced me to another department , and they said well , somebody will come out . And nobody ever came out , " Wood said . "  I finally said , forget it , I 'll do it on my own . " "  I 'm not real big on every time I have a problem , go to somebody else to fix it , " he said . Powell , with DHS , declined to comment on whether Wood had ever approached the department and if so , what happened . That sort of information , if it exists , would be included in a report DHS plans to issue at the end of its investigation . Without help at home , the responsibilities of feeding and changing Quinten fell to his other son when Wood was at work . The brothers were only a year apart and best friends . They were together when Quinten died . Their father left work early that day because he felt under the weather . Already sick , Quinten 's brother was home from school . "  I was going to take both of them to the doctor that afternoon , " Wood said . Quinten stopped breathing before he got the chance . His father started CPR and told his other son to call 911 . Quinten was transported to The Children 's Hospital , where he was pronounced dead shortly after arrival . "  As a parent , no matter how your kid dies , you feel guilt , " said Wood . "  Would he have been alive if I 'd taken him to the doctor the day before ? Probably , maybe not , I do n't know . People die of pneumonia in the hospital . " He said he thinks about things he could have done differently . He wishes he 'd spent every second with Quinten that he could . But sometimes , life gives you a bad hand , and there 's nothing you can do . "  There are some people that when they 're hurting , they have to put blame somewhere . Personally , I was raised a Christian , and personally I put the blame on God , " said Wood . He lashed out at his daughter and others who say he was n't a good father . "  If I did n't care properly for Quinten , he would n't have lived 15 years , especially when we were told that he would n't live to see a year . " ` The system , it does n't work ' Wood-Harber says she 100 % believes that her brother would be alive if her father had taken better care of Quinten . But , in her mind , others are responsible for his death as well . Parents might fail , but that 's why there are agencies in place to pick up the slack . Specifically , she said she told teachers and administrators at the boys ' schools -- Jarman Middle School and Midwest City High -- to be on the lookout for signs of potential abuse or neglect . She thinks they failed to notice Quinten lost a substantial amount of weight . "  They 're called mandatory reporters for a reason . If you even suspect something is going on , you 're supposed to report it , " said Wood-Harber . Stacey Boyer , director of community relations and records management at Mid-Del Schools , which includes both of the boys ' schools , declined to comment on the case , citing privacy laws . She said no one from the Wood family has contacted the Mid-Del Board of Education . Besides the schools , Wood-Harber blames DHS and the police . She says she called to report her father to DHS on December 17 . A worker went to interview Quinten and his brother at their schools almost immediately , she said . The worker promised to make a home visit the next day , but never showed up , and stopped returning her calls , according to Wood-Harber , who says she also reached out to police . The Oklahoma City Police Department received a report from an anonymous caller on December 17 , requesting that officers check on Quinten and his brother , said Sgt. Jennifer Wardlow . Officers checked the home , but there was no answer at the door . No report was generated . Not ` just a cautionary tale ' Far away and frustrated , Wood-Harber considered at one point just going to Oklahoma City and taking the boys . "  Of course if I could trade a pair of handcuffs , and sitting in a jail cell serving time for kidnapping , for my brother being alive , I would do it in a heartbeat . But at the same time , I know that with the resources and the information that I had at my disposal , I did everything that I could . "  I relied on the system to work , and that 's just the problem . The system , it does n't work . It 's very much broken , " she said . Wood-Harber started a petition at Change.org , which has so far collected more than 250,000 signatures . In it , she calls for the governor of Oklahoma to investigate DHS and the schools . She hopes it will help ensure that what happened to Quinten wo n't happen to another child . "  This is n't just a cautionary tale . We could actually change things and prevent this from happening on a larger scale , " she said . Alex Weintz , a spokesman for Oklahoma Gov. Mary Fallin , told CNN that her office was aware of the petition and monitoring its progress . The governor 's staff has requested more information from DHS . In the meantime , Quinten 's sister says she 'll continue speaking out about her brother , and on behalf of other children . "  That 's the only way that I can make sense of it . Maybe if what happened to Quinten can save somebody else 's life , then there 'll be a little bit of justice in this world , " she said . CNN 's Kevin Conlon contributed to this report .	Quinten Douglas Wood , 15 , died on January 4 A report lists his cause of death as acute pneumonia ; the manner of death was ruled natural Despite the report , the boy 's sister says she has questions , and she 's not alone DHS and the Oklahoma City Police Department are investigating Quinten 's death
CNN  -- Wales coach Warren Gatland considered faking an injury to one of his players during Saturday 's 9-8 Rugby World Cup semifinal defeat to France , the New Zealand-born coach revealed at a press conference Tuesday . Wales had already lost prop Adam Jones to injury before being reduced to 14 men when captain Sam Warburton was issued a red card after 18 minutes , following a dangerous tackle on France wing Vincent Clerc . Gatland , 48 , admitted the Wales coaching staff discussed feigning an injury to one of their props in the wake of Warburton 's dismissal , a move which would have meant scrums were uncontested for the remainder of the contest . "  We had already lost Adam Jones , " said former All Blacks hooker Gatland . "  And we discussed in the box , did we fake an injury to one of our props to go to uncontested scrums . France beat 14-man Wales to reach World Cup final "  But morally , I made the decision that was n't the right thing to do . We could 've easily done that in the first 25 , 30 minutes of the game . "  But in the spirit of the game , the spirit of a World Cup semifinal , I did n't think that was the fairest or the right thing to do . " Gatland also disputed the decision to issue Warburton , 23 , with a red card , only the second of the tournament so far , in such a crucial match . "  I honestly believe Alain Rolland  the Irish match referee  made the wrong decision . I think the right decision was a yellow card . "  In terms of the rules and the regulations , he 's perfectly entitled to give a red card but every game is different . You 've got to take circumstances , the situation , the intent ... given his experience , a yellow card was the right decision to make . " Rugby union 's governing All Blacks down Wallabies in last-four clash Despite Wales ' defeat , Gatland reaffirmed his commitment to the country after reports in the British press suggested he could replace 2003 World Cup winner Martin Johnson as England coach . "  I 'll be honest , at some stage in your rugby career , as I 'm a Kiwi , I 'd like to come home and do a bit of coaching in New Zealand , " Gatland , who is contracted to Wales until the end of 2015 , told the tournament 's official website . "  But not at the moment and I have made that commitment to Wales . We feel like we 've shown a lot of character , we feel like we 've played some great rugby since we 've been here . "  We 'll leave here with our heads held high having earned a lot of respect . " Wales face two-time world champions Australia in the bronze medal match on Friday , after the Wallabies were beaten 20-6 by hosts New Zealand in the second semifinal on Sunday . Warburton will miss the clash at Auckland 's Eden Park , with prop Gethin Jenkins set to replace him as Wales captain . Jones also misses out due to the injury he picked up during Saturday 's loss , with Paul James set to cover at prop . Lock Alun-Wyn Jones makes way for Bradley Davies in the only other change .	Warren Gatland admits considering faking injury ar Rugby World Cup Gatland 's Wales lost Saturday 's semifinal 9-8 to France Wales were reduced to 14 men after Sam Warburton was issued a red card Gatland said the decision to dismiss Warburton was wrong
The Oscars . Perhaps the most sought-after red carpet invitation in the world . And Angela Ahrendts turned it down . It says a lot about the 53-year-old chief executive of Burberry , who today announced she would be leaving the British clothing firm to join technology giant Apple as its new vice president for retail and online stores . This is a woman who prioritizes family above all -- and that includes rubbing shoulders with the crème de la crème of Hollywood at lavish gala events . The same mother-of-three who married her childhood sweetheart Gregg , and reportedly tries to limit herself to one night out a week . And the same woman who this year became the first female to top Britain 's executive pay league , taking home a total # 16.9 million  $ 27 million  . Unsurprisingly , "  balance " is a big word in Ahrendts ' life . She turned down an invite to the Academy Awards because : "  It 's not more important than my husband . It 's not more important than my kids . It 's not more important than Burberry , " she said in an interview with British newspaper The Sunday Times . "  I do n't want to be a great executive without being a great mom and a great wife . I do n't want to look back and say I wish I had done things differently . " Fashion forward Growing up as one of six siblings in the small town of New Palestine in Indiana , Ahrendts gained a merchandise and marketing degree from Ball State University before rising up the ranks of fashion houses Donna Karan International , Henri Bendal , and Liz Claiborne . In 2006 she headed to Britain , joining Burberry as its CEO , and revitalizing the century-old company which had seen its iconic check pattern become the favored print of minor celebrities and rip-off merchants . Indeed , Ahrendts has been credited with rescuing the Burberry brand from the clutches of the masses and placing it on the top shelf of luxury living . Thanks to Ahrendts , Burberry is now not only cool but synonymous with glamor . Revenues have nearly tripled to more than $ 3 billion and Ahrendt herself was catapulted to 53 on the Forbes 100 Most Powerful Women list this year . Watch : Angela Ahrendts -- ` profits are up ' "  Burberry is in brilliant shape , " said Ahrendt in a statement today . "  Having built the industry 's most powerful management team , converted the business to a dynamic digital global retailer , created a world class supply chain , state of the art technology infrastructure , sensational brand momentum and one of the most closely connected creative cultures in the world today . " She will be replaced by chief creative officer Christopher Bailey , who has been in the role for six years , and her departure means there are now just two female chief executives in the FTSE 100 -- Imperial Tobacco chief Alison Cooper and EasyJet 's Carolyn McCall . Facebook generation What 's the secret to Ahrendts ' enormous success ? A seemingly indefatigable work ethic appears to be one . This , after all , is the woman who reportedly rises at 4.35 am and has a reliance on Diet Coke . But there 's also been her ability to tap into a new generation of digital consumers relying on social media for fashion trends , and increasingly buying online . Burberry 's Spring/Summer 2013 campaign video gained over one million YouTube views in just 48 hours . And the luxury brand now has 16 million fans on Facebook and more than two million followers on Twitter . Wander around Burberry 's London flagship store on Regent Street and you 'll find sales assistants armed with iPads . Meanwhile mirrors transform into screens displaying catwalk images thanks to special technology sewn into some clothing and accessories . What 's more is that the actual store has been redesigned to recreate an experience that reflects the company 's website , Burberry World Live . "  Burberry is a company that 's been around 155 years . Nothing 's short term . Everything is for the long term , " she told CNN of her marketing plan in 2011 . After her seven years at Burberry , what Ahrendts will be most remembered for is her digital first approach that helped revitalize the century old fashion house into an upmarket luxury brand . iWatch this space ? Ahrendts ' fashion credentials helped her breathe new life into a British clothing institution . But with rumors that Apple is now keen to use her expertise on its new iWatch , could they also boost a sector increasingly delving into wearable technology ? After all , Apple 's decision to hire Ahrendts comes just three months after it recruited Paul Deneve , the former chief executive of French luxury group Yves Saint Laurent . And if anybody 's up to the job of keeping up with cool kids of fashion , it 's Ahrendts .	Who is Angela Ahrendts , new Apple vice president of retail and online ? Mother-of-three snubbed the Oscars to spend time with family Grew up one of six siblings in Indiana and dreamed of working in fashion Helped turn around Burberry , fashion know-how may be used in new Apple iWatch
January 16 , 2015 Whether you teach current events , history , geography or physical education , this Friday 's edition of CNN Student News has content for your classroom . We 're covering everything from recent terrorist attacks in Nigeria to the planned auction of a letter from a Titanic survivor . And we 're explaining how two men free-climbed the Dawn Wall of El Capitan . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript and a place for you to request to be on the CNN Student News Roll Call . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . WEEKLY NEWSQUIZ Click here for a printable version of the Weekly Newsquiz  PDF  . 1 . In country did millions of demonstrators recently join world and religious leaders in a unity march against terrorism ? 2 . Approximately what fraction of Iraq and Syria are believed to be controlled by the ISIS terrorist group ? 3 . Name the private company that had mixed results from a recent mission involving its Falcon 9 rocket and Dragon space capsule . 4 . In what year did a catastrophic , 7.0-magnitude earthquake strike the island nation of Haiti ? 5 . Which of the two main types of energy is associated with motion ? 6 . A massive monument to what Native American warrior , who died in 1877 , is being constructed in South Dakota ? 7 . A false alarm forced astronauts aboard the International Space Station to evacuate the American section Wednesday . To what country 's section did they go ? 8 . How many vertebrae are in your neck ? 9 . What African country , which is struggling with terrorist attacks from Boko Haram , is led by President Goodluck Jonathan ? 10 . In what European nation would you find Verviers , where officials say a police raid prevented an attack by a suspected terrorist cell ? CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show . ROLL CALL For a chance to be mentioned on the next CNN Student News , comment on the bottom of this page with your school name , mascot , city and state . We will be selecting schools from the comments of the previous show . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call ! Thank you for using CNN Student News !	This page includes the show Transcript Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary At the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on CNN Student News . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call . The Weekly Newsquiz tests students ' knowledge of events in the news
CNN  -- Manchester City captured the first trophy of the English domestic season Sunday as they recovered from a goal down to beat Sunderland 3-1 in the League Cup final at Wembley . Fabio Borini gave the underdogs a deserved early lead until second half goals from Yaya Toure , Samir Nasri and Jesus Navas settled an exciting final . Sunderland , in the relegation zone in the English Premier League , gave Manuel Pellegrini 's expensively assembled team an almighty shock by not only going ahead but dominating the proceedings until City woke up after the break . "  The first half was not up to standard , but the second half was brilliant , " was the verdict of captain Vincent Kompany as his team eye a treble in England after years of domination by neighbors Manchester United . Manchester City 's last trip to Wembley had ended in bitter disappointment in last season 's English FA Cup final and the sack for Roberto Mancini . When Borini latched on to a fine pass from Adam Johnson and eluded Kompany before firing the Black Cats ahead , it looked for a while that the nightmare might be repeated . Sunderland continued to look dangerous in counter attacks and might have gone further ahead , but after the break the tide changed . In the 55th minute , Pablo Zabaleta rolled the ball back to Toure and the Ivory Coast international beat Vito Mannone from long range with a glorious effort . Almost from the restart , Nasri had put City ahead for good as he swept home Aleksandar Kolarov 's deflected left-wing cross . It was the cue for City to bring on Navas in place of Sergio Aguero , who was returning to the side after injury . Gus Poyet introduced Craig Gardner and Steven Fletcher , the latter missing a chance to equalize in the dying moments . The ball was quickly switched upfield and Toure found Navas who scored a clinching third . City could return to Wembley in the FA Cup , having reached the quarterfinals and have been strongly challenging for the English Premier League title . But a home defeat to Barcelona in the first leg of the last 16 has damaged their chances in the European Champions League . In the English Premier League , Tottenham Hotspur maintained their push for a Champions League spot with a 1-0 home win over Cardiff City to close up in fifth spot . Roberto Soldado broke his EPL goal drought by scoring in the first half to leave the visitors firmly rooted in the bottom three . Christian Benteke scored twice in Aston Villa 's 4-1 win over struggling Norwich , while Swansea and Crystal Palace battled to a 1-1 draw .	Manchester City win English League Cup at Wembley Beat Sunderland 3-1 in all Premier League clash Sunderland led through Fabio Borini strike Yaya Toure , Samir Nasri and Jesus Navas scored City 's goals
CNN  -- FoxNews.com alerted the Secret Service on Monday about the apparent hacking of its Twitter feed for political news , after the feed was used to falsely report that President Obama was killed . Jeff Misenti , Fox News Digital 's vice president and general manager , said in a statement that the website has also requested "  a detailed investigation from Twitter about how this occurred , and measures to prevent future unauthorized access into FoxNews.com accounts . " Secret Service spokesman George Ogilvie said Monday that his agency "  will be investigating the matter and will conduct the appropriate follow up . " The false tweets were taken down from the site after being up for hours . One of the tweets from @FoxNewsPolitics said Obama was "  shot twice at a Ross ' restaurant in Iowa while campaigning . RIP Obama , best regards to the Obama family . " "  We wish @joebiden the best of luck as our new President of the United States . In such a time of madness , there 's light at the end of tunnel , " the last in the series of tweets said later . An article on FoxNews.com confirmed the hack . "  Hackers sent out several malicious and false tweets claiming that President Obama had been assassinated , " it said . "  Those reports are incorrect , of course , and the president is spending the July 4 holiday with his family . "  The hacking is being investigated , and FoxNews.com regrets any distress the false tweets may have created . " But six tweets related to the fake news remained on the Fox News Politics twitter feed hours after the apology was posted . Later , Fox News announced the tweets were removed . One of the false messages said , "  It 's a sad 4th of July ... The shooter will be found . " That message encouraged Twitter users to repost the message on their own Twitter accounts , which would spread the fake news . Several users did just that . The tweets generated headlines around the world , as well as criticism and mockery on Twitter , with firebrand liberal TV host Keith Olbermann frantically tweeting to many individual Twitter users that Obama is fine . He asked Twitter users not to re-post the messages . The first of the false tweets about Obama was posted about 2 a.m. ET . The Twitter messages asserting that Obama had been attacked came after a message that said , "  Just regained full access to our Twitter and email . Happy 4th . " A student journalist interviewed someone claiming to be a representative of the hackers shortly before the Obama tweets were posted . Adam Peck of Stony Brook University 's Think magazine reported that the hackers , calling themselves the Script Kiddies , were an offshoot of the hacker group Anonymous . "  Without groups like Anonymous , what is there to prevent corruption ? " he quoted the representative as saying . Peck interviewed the representative via instant message , contacting an account he said they used to send out the tweets and later deleted . He said they had posted several innocuous fake messages before sending the Obama tweets , then deleted them . He said he could not confirm that the person he interviewed was really one of the hackers but "  firmly " believed it , based on the link between fake posts on Twitter and the instant message account . The instant message address he gave to CNN for the hackers was offline Monday morning . The @FoxNewsPolitics Twitter account had 34,566 followers Monday morning but by afternoon had more than 37,000 . Twitter spokeswoman Jodi Olsen said the company did not comment on individual accounts , declining to answer questions about whether @FoxNewsPolitics had been hacked or why the account of the alleged hackers was suspended . Hours later , the San Francisco-based technology company issued a statement saying Fox News has identified that it was first compromised in another way , which in turn allowed for the alleged perpetrators to access the network 's Twitter account . "  While Twitter does monitor accounts for brute-force login attempts and similar methods of attack , we 're unable to anticipate compromises that take place due to offsite behavior , " Twitter spokesman Matt Graves said in its statement . CNN 's Richard Allen Greene contributed to this report .	NEW : Twitter says the Fox News ' hack was due to "  offsite behavior " it would n't monitor The Secret Service will investigate the matter , its spokesman says The false tweet said the president was killed
CNN  -- Four decades ago it was merely barren desert land . Four years ago it was at the height of an unparalleled economic boom that turned to bust amid the global financial crisis . Today the emirate of Dubai is staging a lively comeback , once again announcing the kind of ambitious plans that made it famous in the first place . Most recently , it outlined plans to build a brand new city . Named after its ruler , Mohammed bin Rashid , it is intended to house a hundred hotels and a Universal Studios entertainment center . It is the latest in a string of glitzy projects , among them the world 's tallest building , the world 's largest shopping mall -- even man-made islands and in-door ski resorts . In 2009 , cheap credit had spurred a considerable real estate bubble in the Gulf state , which once it burst , caused property prices to tumble and debt to spiral out of control . The lifeline came from the neighbor Abu Dhabi , which extended a multi-billion dollar bailout loan . Dubai was forced to get its house in order . Today , the emirate has gone back to its core strength , Philippe Dauba-Pantanacce , senior economist at Standard Chartered , tells CNN . One of the biggest growth drivers , he says , is the airport activity . "  It 's estimated that by the end of this year , 56 million people will have gone through Dubai airports . That makes it one of the three to four biggest airports in the world . " But travelers are no longer just passing through . Analysts say the Arab Spring has made Dubai a safe haven for people in the Middle East who worry about the turmoil elsewhere . "  Tourists from other Gulf states have increased by 45 % in 2012 . This has pushed up hotel occupancy to nearly 90 % -- a world record , " Dauba-Pantanacce says . That has lifted confidence . "  The trajectory is positive at the moment , " says Stuart Anderson , managing director at Standard & Poor 's , adding that Dubai has benefited from rising oil prices . Yet , for a state that was once riddled with debt , some say financing remains a concern . "  Though Dubai has been able to make good on all its obligations in 2012 , the Dubai story can not be completely separated from the debt overhang which is still there , " Dauba-Pantanacce says . The hope is that projects like Mohammed bin Rashid will lure millions more visitors a year . And though similar projects were shelved only a few years ago , the citizens of Dubai avow that the hard lessons have been learned .	Four years ago Dubai was at the height of an unparalleled economic boom that then turned to bust Most recently , it outlined plans to build a brand new city Analysts say the Arab Spring has made Dubai a safe haven for those who worry about the turmoil elsewhere The hope is that projects like Mohammed bin Rashid will lure millions more visitors a year
CNN  -- What began as an online protest over the controversial case of an alleged rape of a then-14-year-old girl became a street demonstration Tuesday night as hundreds of protesters gathered in a small Missouri town demanding "  Justice for Daisy . " It was the first physical protest since the case launched a social media fervor driven by online activist group Anonymous . A few relatives of the alleged victim cried as people gathered , telling CNN they were glad to see some people in Maryville , a town of 12,000 residents , finally supporting the girl . Daisy Coleman says a teenage boy raped her in 2012 when she was 14 . Coleman 's mother , Melinda , says that after her daughter 's alleged assault , her children received threats . Melinda Coleman was also fired from her job as a veterinarian at a clinic . The Colemans have since moved from the town in northwest Missouri , about 100 miles north of Kansas City . In April , their house in Maryville -- which had been vacant and for sale -- burned . Some of the protesters who came to the rally on Tuesday were out-of-towners who were so moved by the case they drove several hours to attend . They said they were hopeful that the rally would inspire a wider conversation about rape and rape victims . Melinda Coleman , who was not at the rally , said she was heartened to hear so many people had gathered in support of her daughter . She held back tears of her own as she told CNN 's "  Erin Burnett OutFront " : "  I think it 's a wonderful sentiment and I 'm really touched ... and happy . " She said she is ecstatic the case has been reopened after a special prosecutor was appointed Monday . "  I think that just the fact that we 're being heard and we 're getting a chance at justice is huge . All we 've ever wanted was to have some justice , " she said , adding that she has yet to meet with the new prosecutor . In an interview with Erin Burnett last week , Daisy Coleman described leaving her house during a sleepover and going with a boy who was later charged with sexual assault . The charges against Matthew Barnett , 17 at the time of the incident , were subsequently dropped . A lawyer for Barnett said last week that his client cooperated with authorities and admitted he had sex with Daisy . "  While many find Matt Barnett 's behavior reprehensible , the legal issue was whether a crime was committed , " Robert Sundell said in the statement . Daisy Coleman 's friend , Paige -- who says she was raped by a different boy that same night -- had her case settled in juvenile court . CNN does not typically identify alleged victims of sexual assault but has done so in this case because Paige , Daisy and her mother have chosen to go public . CNN has agreed to identify Paige by just her first name . On Monday , a new special prosecutor promised to review the case "  without fear and without favor . " "  I know that this case has raised a variety of concerns in northwest Missouri , so please know this : This case will be thoroughly reviewed , " Jackson County Prosecutor Jean Peters Baker said . A judge appointed Baker as special prosecutor days after a different prosecutor , who dropped charges , said he 'd request the move . The initial prosecutor , Nodaway County Prosecutor Robert L. Rice , has said he dropped a sexual assault charge against the boy because the girl and her relatives refused to cooperate . "  There was insufficient evidence to prove a criminal charge beyond a reasonable doubt , " he said in a statement . A charge against the boy 's friend who was accused of recording part of the incident on an iPhone was also discontinued . But the case got new life this month after The Kansas City Star featured it and CNN interviewed Daisy and her mother . Why Anonymous wants justice in Missouri rape case	Hundreds gather in small Missouri town in support of girl who says she was raped Family left town after the alleged assault , saying they were harrassed Special prosecutor was appointed after different prosecutor dropped charges The alleged victim says she was raped when she was 14
CNN  -- It 's that time again , time to pull out the ballots and read the tea leaves and see who 's going to take home the trophies at Sunday 's 86th Academy Awards . Will it be "  12 Years a Slave " ? Leonardo DiCaprio ? "  Let It Go " from "  Frozen " ? Oscar forecasting is a lighthearted parlor game for many and a "  who cares " shrug for others .  Go ahead , commenters , let us know how you really feel ! But to studios , agents , managers and many of the nominees , winning the Oscar is not only first-line-of-the-obituary recognition , but it also means "  cold , hard cash , " as Oscar winner Wendy Hiller once bluntly put it , in box-office receipts and future contracts . With that in mind -- and with the possibility of some of this article 's readers taking home cold , hard cash for winning their Oscar pools -- here are a few key indicators to follow at the 2014 Oscars Sunday night . Of course , the Oscars being the Oscars , nothing is guaranteed . What are the best picture front-runners ? There may be nine nominees for best picture , but only three have a good chance of winning , says Tom O'Neil of the awards handicapping site GoldDerby.com : "  12 Years a Slave , " "  Gravity " and "  American Hustle . " "  12 Years " is the favorite among his 30 experts , with "  Gravity " second at 10-3 odds and "  Hustle " at 50-1 . Everything else is 100-1 . The site TheCredits.org agrees . Its social awards season app , DataViz , crunched the numbers based on mentions on Facebook , Twitter , Pinterest and film-related sites . It determined that "  12 Years " has 42 % of the online mentions  as of February 24  and "  Gravity " is second with 33 % . But , points out Clayton Davis of AwardsCircuit.com , in a year with divisive choices -- and "  12 Years , " though widely hailed , is not necessarily widely loved -- the preferential voting system for best picture can favor everybody 's second choice . That 's "  Gravity , " which also has the benefit of being the people 's choice as the highest-grossing film among the nominees . Film editing is your friend Of course , best picture is the last category of the night . What are some of the early signs that one of these films has an edge ? The film editing category may seem minor to Oscar viewers , but it often has an outsized role in showcasing best picture winners . O'Neil observes that the best picture has won the editing Oscar more than half the time -- and if you rule out action-oriented flicks such as "  Bullitt , " "  Star Wars " and "  The Bourne Ultimatum , " it 's even more predictive . This year 's editing nominees include all three best picture front-runners along with "  Captain Phillips , " directed by the handheld-camera-favoring , quick-cutting Paul Greengrass , and "  Dallas Buyers Club . " "  Gravity " is the favorite , says O'Neil , and that could foretell a spacey night . But even more notable will be if "  12 Years " or "  Hustle " grabs the trophy , since a win would be so unexpected . As for "  Phillips , " that would simply acknowledge the expertise of Greengrass and editor Christopher Rouse -- who won for "  Ultimatum " six years ago . Pressing the flesh Though overt Oscar campaigning is frowned upon , there 's nothing wrong with showing up at industry functions , saying the right things , posing for pictures and shaking a few hands . That could make a difference in the best actor category , whose favorites are Matthew McConaughey  "  Dallas Buyers Club "  and Leonardo DiCaprio  "  The Wolf of Wall Street "  . Though both have some high-profile wins , they have yet to face off in the same category .  Both won Golden Globes , but McConaughey 's was for a drama and DiCaprio 's was for comedy .  And when it comes to politicking , DiCaprio has played the game well , says O'Neil , who points out that the "  Wolf " star has been making the rounds with humor and class . "  When I look at the list of past winners of best actor , I see movie stars , " he says . "  There 's kind of a veteran glow to it . With Leo being overdue , it 's to his advantage -- and he 's given the biggest performance of his career in the most talked-about movie of the year . " But McConaughey may have a secret weapon . No , not his extreme weight loss . Try "  True Detective " on HBO , which has become an addictive hit . "  One academy member  told me he 's voting for McConaughey because he 's addicted to ` True Detective , ' " says O'Neil . Technically speaking "  Gravity " is up for several technical awards , including production design , sound editing , sound mixing and visual effects . It 's considered the front-runner for most of them . If it falters , it could be a long night for director Alfonso Cuaron and his film . "  If you see ` Gravity ' lose some techs , it 's indicative that it 's not going all the way , " says Davis . A ` Slave ' surprise "  12 Years a Slave " has fewer technical nominations but has a number of acting nods : best actor Chiwetel Ejiofor , best supporting actor Michael Fassbender and best supporting actress Lupita Nyong ` o. Only Nyong ' o is given a strong shot to win -- she 's the top pick of GoldDerby 's experts -- but if Fassbender and Ejiofor triumph , expect "  Slave " to take it all . Fassbender has the toughest road , says O'Neil . The academy has softened up about giving Oscars for villainous roles , but there 's usually a wink involved -- think Christoph Waltz in "  Inglourious Basterds " or even Anthony Hopkins in "  The Silence of the Lambs . " Not so for Fassbender 's character , a vicious slave owner . "  He 's pure Satan , " says O'Neil . Do the "  Hustle " "  American Hustle " did even better among the major categories -- it 's the only film nominated in the Big Six of picture , director , actor , actress , supporting actor and supporting actress . But of all the film 's nominees , only Jennifer Lawrence -- who 's won a Globe and a SAG Award , and who 's the most popular actress in the world right now -- is considered a threat in her category , best supporting actress . The key is probably Amy Adams , up for best actress . That category is considered a runaway for Cate Blanchett of "  Blue Jasmine , " but if the Woody Allen controversy has rubbed off on her , five-time nominee Adams could take the Oscar and indicate bigger things for the film about the '70s Abscam scandal . Davis is doubtful , though . Even the Seahawks gave up a touchdown during the Super Bowl , he says . "  I 'm sure she 'll lose a couple votes , but not enough to matter , " he says . Watch Weinstein Producer Harvey Weinstein is the master of awards gamesmanship . He makes high-quality , often audience-friendly films with good casts -- "  Shakespeare in Love , " "  The Artist , " Quentin Tarantino 's films -- and he knows how to promote them . This year he 's putting his chips on his best picture nominee , "  Philomena . " The film has earned good reviews , done respectable box office and features the ageless Judi Dench . It has a good shot at adapted screenplay , which was co-written by star Steve Coogan , and Dench is a seven-time nominee who 's won once before . Along with Martin Scorsese 's "  The Wolf of Wall Street , " it 's probably the leading dark horse -- but whereas "  Wolf " is divisive , "  Philomena " is liked . O'Neil thinks screenplay is possible -- "  sometimes the most emotional movie wins " -- but thinks that might be it . Still , at least "  Philomena " picked up a best picture nomination . Weinstein 's other major film , "  August : Osage County , " did n't even get that . Splitting tickets Finally , this is an odd handicapping year . Usually the best director has directed the best picture , but this year the handicappers are picking "  Gravity 's " Cuaron for best director and "  12 Years a Slave " for best picture . When the two categories differ , it 's a surprise , not an expectation . Davis ca n't shake the feeling that voters wo n't split their votes -- and that will make "  Gravity " the big winner .  Sorry , "  12 Years " director Steve McQueen .  Cuaron not only won the top award from the Directors Guild , but "  Gravity " also tied "  12 Years " as the best film picked by the Producers Guild -- which , given the PGA 's use of the preferential ballot , was an incredible shocker . And O'Neil suggests another indicator : "  Gravity " star Sandra Bullock , who 's up for best actress . "  If ` Gravity ' wins best picture , Sandra might go along for the rocket ride , " he says . "  She is ` Gravity ' -- she 's the whole movie . " One sure thing ? This wo n't predict the best picture winner , but if you 're looking to check off a category on your Oscar ballot , look no further than "  The Lady in Number 6 : ` Music Saved My Life ' , " a documentary short subject about a Holocaust survivor who lived to be 110 . As Mark Harris noted in Grantland , she died Sunday -- two days before Oscar voting ended . Harris sums it up : "  We 're done here . " Dominoes and randomness A lot of the foregoing , of course , assumes the Oscars are logical . Let us emphasize : The Oscars are not logical . They are a popularity contest , a business proposition , a plea for attention , a throw of a dart . Sometimes films gather momentum like so many falling dominoes , as "  Argo " did last year . Other times big favorites fall short at the end : 1976 's "  Network " won three of four acting categories but lost best picture to "  Rocky " ; 1972 's "  Cabaret " took home eight Oscars -- including best director -- but lost best picture to "  The Godfather . " And if you need any more proof that the Oscar universe can be as random as a roll of the dice , consider two words : Roberto Benigni . Good luck in your pool .	"  12 Years a Slave , " "  Gravity , " "  American Hustle " are Oscar front-runners Each film has route to the big prize Voting for Oscar only partly about art ; it 's often about personalities 86th Academy Awards scheduled for Sunday night
CNN  -- Nigel De Jong has been dropped from the Netherlands squad for their Euro 2012 qualifying matches against Moldova and Sweden . The Manchester City midfielder was involved in a tackle that broke the leg of Newcastle United 's Hatem Ben Arfa in Sunday 's English Premier League match at Eastlands . The 25-year-old was not shown a card for the challenge , nor did the referee deem it to be a foul , but Newcastle later confirmed that Ben Arfa had suffered a double fracture . Coach Bert van Marwijk told the Dutch Football Federation 's official website : "  I just informed the squad and told him I saw no other possibility . "  In the near future I will discuss this matter with Nigel but right now we have to focus on the upcoming two matches . " It is not the first time a tackle from De Jong has caused controversy after his high challenge on Spain 's Xabi Alonso during the World Cup final . He was shown a yellow card after planting his boot into Alonso 's chest . Prior to that United States international Stuart Holden had his leg broken in a friendly with the Netherlands after a De Jong tackle . Van Marwijk was quoted as telling the Dutch Algemeen Dagblad newspaper : "  I 've seen the pictures back . It was a wild and unnecessary offence . He went in much too hard . "  It is unfortunate , especially since he does not need to do it . The funny thing is that the referee did not even show a yellow card for it . "  Apparently , there are other standards . But I have a problem with the way Nigel needlessly looks to push the limit . I am going to speak to him . " Twente midfielder Wout Brama and Ajax winger Urby Emanuelson have been drafted into Van Marwijk 's squad for the double header . The Netherlands play Moldova on Friday night before hosting Sweden on Tuesday .	Nigel De Jong is dropped from the Netherlands squad for two Euro 2012 qualifying games Man City midfielder involved in a tackle that broke Hatem Ben Arfa 's leg on Sunday Newcastle United confirm Ben Arfa has fractured his leg in two places
Guantanamo Bay , Cuba  CNN  -- Every day , the workers in the Guantanamo Bay kitchen cook three squares for the detainees held here . And every day , up to 100 of the 166 inmates send them back . They 're protesting their ongoing imprisonment by going on hunger strikes for what is now 100 days . Not only has Guantanamo Bay become a lightning rod for America 's critics -- it 's no prize for America 's taxpayers , either . Running the prison camp costs the Pentagon more than $ 150 million a year -- just over $ 900,000 for each of the 166 detainees at the facility , located on a Navy base on the eastern end of Cuba . By comparison , costs for a typical federal prison inmate run about $ 25,000 a year ; at the "  supermax " prison in Colorado that holds domestic terrorists Eric Rudolph and Ted Kaczynski , it 's about $ 60,000 . And despite calls by President Barack Obama himself to close the 11-year-old facility , the military is about to spend millions more to upgrade the prison camp . "  We have to always plan to conduct that mission from now into the future , " said Army Col. John Bogdan , commander of the military 's Joint Detention Group at Guantanamo . "  And the policymakers will decide when that mission 's over . " Daily life at Guantanamo : Hunger strikes , sprays of filth The renovation plans include a $ 50 million overhaul for Camp VII , the most secretive part of the compound . The inmates there include Khalid Sheikh Mohammed , the self-professed organizer of the September 11 , 2001 , attacks on New York and Washington ; accused co-conspirators Walid bin Attash and Ramzi Bin al-Shahb ; and Abd al-Rahim al-Nashiri , the man accused of leading the plot to bomb the destroyer USS Cole in Yemen , killing 17 American sailors . They face trial on war crimes charges before the military courts set up to try al Qaeda and Taliban figures . Most of the rest of the prisoners face no charges at all . Because the facilities were hastily built and never thought to be permanent , the prison camp may need as much as $ 170 million more in repairs , said Marine Corps Gen. John Kelly , the chief of U.S. forces in the region . "  This is really a kind of thrown-together operation , " Kelly told the House Armed Services Committee in March . "  It 's really not 11 years long . It 's really one year , 11 times . " The kitchens are "  literally falling apart , " Kelly said , and the barracks that house the 1,900 troops assigned to the prison camp need replacing . And since everything has to be brought in from outside , it all costs about twice as much , he said . Guantanamo at a boiling point The decrepit remains of previous units -- the original Camp X-Ray , where detainees were first housed in chain-link cages , and the successive Camps I-IV -- still stand on the way to the infirmary . Weeds grow up among the rusted gates , empty watchtowers and abandoned exercise equipment , all within a mile of the facilities where the remaining prisoners are held . A total of 86 of the 166 detainees have been approved for transfer out , but both the Obama administration and Congress have effectively halted the moves . The last transfer took place in September , and the State Department office tasked with finding countries that would take the others was closed in January . And the indefinite imprisonment the detainees face has fueled the wave of hunger strikes , which have progressed to the point where about 30 inmates are being force-fed . "  It 's kind of a tough mission , " the camp 's senior medical officer , who was interviewed on condition of anonymity for security reasons , told CNN . "  This is kind of an ugly place sometimes . " The battle to force feed Gitmo detainees The inmates are given a last chance to drink a nutritional supplement before being force-fed . If they refuse , they 're strapped to a chair and a plastic tube is shoved up their noses , down their throats and into their stomachs . The Pentagon says the feeding program is lawful and humane . The inmates are given a numbing gel and the thin tubes are lubricated before being inserted , they say . "  Nobody 's expressed to me that this hurts , " the senior medical officer said . But Cori Crider , a lawyer for hunger striker Samir Moqbel , called it "  an incredibly agonizing process . " "  You do n't get farther than about here , into your throat , before the tears start streaming down your face . ... He said he had never felt so much pain like that in his life , " she said . Photo : Inside look at Guantanamo The practice has been condemned by human rights groups and the American Medical Association , which says every patient has the right to refuse even life-sustaining treatment . But the senior medical officer said that when a prisoner is on the verge of harming himself , "  suddenly it 's not a very abstract decision . " "  It 's very easy for folks outside this place to make policies and decisions that they think they would implement , " he said . "  There 's a lot of politics involved " in the AMA 's opposition he added , "  And I 'm sure there 's lots of politics that they need to answer to as well . " CNN Pentagon Correspondent Chris Lawrence reported from Guantanamo Bay . Matt Smith reported and wrote from Atlanta .	Friday marks 100 days of hunger strikes at Guantanamo Bay It costs $ 900,000 per detainee to run the camp , and it 's "  falling apart " "  This is kind of an ugly place sometimes , " its chief medical officer says
Saudi Arabia reported significantly more deaths from the MERS virus on Tuesday , the same day the country sacked one of its top health officials . The Saudi Ministry of Health reported that 282 people have died since 2012 from the Middle East Respiratory Syndrome coronavirus , or MERS-CoV , a major uptick from the previous official death toll of 190 . This is out of 688 total cases in the Arab nation ; 353 patients have recovered and 53 are still receiving treatment . About five weeks ago , Saudi Arabia was reporting 339 known cases of MERS-CoV , 102 of which had resulted in deaths . The new numbers came out the same day that acting Health Minister Adel bin Mohammed Fakieh announced he had relieved Deputy Health Minister Dr. Ziad Memish from his post , according to a statement on the health ministry 's website . No reason was given . Last week , the World Health Organization reported it was aware of 636 "  laboratory-confirmed cases " of MERS infections , which had led to 193 deaths . It is not immediately clear how Saudi Arabia 's latest figures affect those numbers . There are documented cases of the virus around the world . As a coronavirus , MERS is in the same group of illnesses as the common cold . But it is much more lethal : The U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention notes that about 30 % of those infected have died . Those with MERS have severe acute respiratory illness , including symptoms such as fever , cough and shortness of breath . Some develop more dangerous complications like pneumonia and kidney failure . There is no vaccine or special treatment . MERS is thought to have originated on the Arabian Peninsula in 2012 . No one knows exactly where it came from , but evidence implicating camels is emerging . In a recently published study in mBio , researchers said they isolated live MERS virus from two single-humped camels , known as dromedaries . They found multiple substrains in the camel viruses , including one that perfectly matches a substrain isolated from a human patient . MERS : 5 things to know Opinion : Will MERS become a global threat ?	Saudi Arabia reports 282 deaths from MERS since 2012 There are 688 cases over that time ; 353 of those diagnosed recovered MERS originated on the Arabian Peninsula but has since spread CDC : The respiratory illness is deadly about 30 % of the time
CNN  -- When Piers Morgan asked Kelsey Grammer whether he thought his ex-wife , Camille , married him because he was a TV icon , the actor said , "  no , I think she married me because I was Frasier . " The veteran actor is a guest on Monday 's "  Piers Morgan Tonight . " Grammer also told the CNN host that his "  parting gift " to his third wife was her role in the reality series "  The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills . " "  Whether or not it worked well for her does n't matter , " Grammer said . "  It was my way of saying , ` Look , you always wanted to be famous . Here you go . ' " Grammer told Morgan that while reality shows are not particularly a great way to become famous , "  you still get attention ; you still get all those things that come along for the ride , which I think is what she was most interested in . " After three tumultuous marriages in as many decades , the actor says he has at last found happiness and true love with his fourth wife , Kayte , whom he met on a flight from Los Angeles to London . She was a flight attendant for Virgin Atlantic , and Grammer described spotting her at LAX . "  There was a warmth , a glow about her that I was drawn to . And I thought , ` Boy , I hope she 's on my flight . ' " The pair arranged to meet up for a first date on Christmas in London . "  It was magnificent , " Grammer said . "  There were lights everywhere . " When Morgan asked Grammer the secret to his long career in television -- particularly the long-running "  Frasier " role -- the actor called it "  a characteristic that can help you survive in television , which is a kind of affability and vulnerability . You allow yourself to be human . " When Morgan pointed out that the "  odd thing " about Grammer is that so few American television stars openly admit to being Republican , Grammer said , "  I 'm a bit of a rebel . I do n't tend to warm too well to people that tell me how I 'm supposed to think . So , my life in Hollywood -- I 'm afraid I was destined to be a Republican . " Grammer added that his Hollywood friends "  tolerate me somehow , because I can at least state myself eloquently . " "  The tone of political assessment has changed , " continued Grammer . "  And honestly , the battle for the hearts and minds of the American people has taken on a bit more of a violent and narrow approach . " When Morgan asked Grammer whether he is sympathetic to the tea party , the actor answered , "  I 'm sympathetic to some of the principles , but I 'm not sure that the tea party has behavioral problems , other than the ones that can be identified by people who are inimical to them . " The actor pointed out that , like the tea party , he believes "  smaller government 's a good idea . Always have . I think lower taxes are a good idea . Always have . " Grammer does , however , fully support gay marriage , which many tea partiers oppose . "  I guess I 'm more libertarian in that way , " Grammer said . "  I think marriage is up to two people that love each other , and if you find a church that you want to get married in , you go right ahead . " Grammer added that he does n't believe the government should be involved in marriage . Morgan asked Grammer , despite his conservative leanings , what he thinks of President Obama . "  I think Barack Obama 's election is a milestone for this country and a wonderful thing , " Grammer said . "  The ` hope ' thing , I do n't think hope can be given by a politician or by a vote . I think that comes from God . " Grammer also pointed out that "  hope itself is not a policy . It never has been . There 's no policy in hope . We can all hope . We can hope for free . " When Morgan asked Grammer why he thinks America is "  tanking economically , " the actor answered , "  I would say greed . Greed that is at a profound level . " Grammer also stated that there is n't one Republican candidate that he 's gravitating toward just yet , telling the CNN host that Republican contenders "  must inspire people to assume that they have a right to make their own decisions about what dreams they wish to dream . And dream as big as they possibly can . " Watch Piers Morgan Tonight weeknights 9 p.m. ET . For the latest from Piers Morgan click here .	Kelsey Grammer says "  parting gift " to third wife was "  Real Housewives of Beverly Hills " Grammer on politics : "  I 'm afraid I was destined to be a Republican " Actor attributes TV longevity to "  a kind of affability and vulnerability "
CNN  -- As Haitians struggle to recover from the devastation of Tuesday 's 7.0-magnitude earthquake , mental health experts caution that the most severe psychological effects wo n't take form until individuals ' situations stabilize . Feelings of confusion , fear , agitation , grief and anger that surround a large-scale traumatic event such as the Haiti earthquake give way to more pronounced psychological disorders once people 's basic human needs are taken care of , experts say . "  Once the initial resources are in , when actually most people are going to start feel out of danger , is when the psychological aftereffects are going to hit people , " said Dr. Daniella David , professor of clinical psychiatry at the University of Miami 's Miller School of Medicine . "  People need to ask for help when that happens . " In the immediate short-term period after a large-scale traumatic event , people are concerned primarily with self-preservation and taking care of family and friends , said Dr. Sandro Galea , chair of the Department of Epidemiology at Columbia University 's Mailman School of Public Health . These people experience acute stress and anxiety , which is taken up by trying to fulfill the immediate physical needs . There is a normal and immediate stress response that comes with an event that causes damage to homes and infrastructure and loss of family members , David said . Haiti has the potential for higher rates of mental illness and a slower recovery after this episode because the population is already strained from weak social and economic supports , Galea said . In those conditions , they may already be predisposed to developing mental illness irrespective of the earthquake itself , he said . View or add to CNN 's database of missing persons in Haiti The stress of the disaster situation , combined with the potential predisposition toward stress disorders , could lead to an extreme emotional reaction , but that does not mean these factors predict any kind of violent or other extreme behavior , said Joan Cook , assistant professor of psychiatry at Yale University , in an e-mail . "  I 'd say that if the rate of psychological problems turns out similar to previous severe natural disasters in other economically disadvantaged countries , as many as 50 percent or more could suffer in the short-term from clinically significant distress , " she said . When disaster victims have information about their situation , they tend to make rational decisions and tend to the immediate needs of themselves and those close to them , Galea said . There is little evidence of widespread panic in those cases , he said , but there is a danger of misinformation . "  People can accept uncertainty , as long as they are brought into the uncertainty and told what central authorities do know , and also what central authorities do n't know , " he said . "  It 's critically important that there is information that comes out centrally from a single source . " To assist at the early stage , the most important thing to do immediately after a disaster -- for example , at this moment in Haiti -- is to try to help with basic needs such as shelter and food , David said . In terms of psychological support , studies of natural disasters show that people should be moved to safety and informed that the immediate danger is over , something that has unfortunately been difficult to do in Haiti , she said . About a month after a disaster occurs , once the immediate physical needs are addressed , symptoms of mental illness begin to coalesce into specific conditions such as post-traumatic stress disorder and depression , Galea said . PTSD in particular can last years after the event in a substantial portion of people , he said . The response varies . Some people may become fearful and develop panic attacks , while others experience sadness that turns into depression , and still others have an acute stress reaction that leads to PTSD or another stress disorder , David said . The high rates of mental illness in a population that has experienced a traumatic event go down over time , depending on how various problems in the area are resolved , Galea said . "  The extent to which we are able to assist people in rebuilding their lives becomes a tremendously important driver of whether or not the psychopathology that is caused by the trauma will go on to become severe , and how long it lasts , " Galea said . In the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina in 2005 , researchers found that stressors such as not having a job , not having access to insurance and not being able to get paid contributed to the symptoms of mental illness , Galea said . "  Rebuilding lives , rebuilding social supports , rebuilding financial and practical supports will go a long way to minimizing the health consequences of the event that has passed , " he said . Health.com : How will Haitians cope with psychological aftershocks ? A population that has gone through something like an earthquake of this magnitude will typically have about 10 percent of people with PTSD and 10 percent with depression , based on studies of Hurricane Katrina , 9/11 , and other events , he said . But among those who lose their homes and loved ones in an event like this , the rates can be more like 40 to 50 percent . The life expectancy in Haiti is just 61 years , according to the World Bank , well under the average life span of 78 years for an individual in the United States . About 56 percent of Haitians live on less than $ 1 per day , according to the World Bank . There is some research to suggest that fatalism -- feeling that you are powerless against life 's external control -- is also related to long-term emotional consequences of disaster , Cook said . Studies by psychologist Fran Norris at Dartmouth University have shown that adult disaster survivors who feel uncared for by others or who lack the capacity to manage stress are also at risk for PTSD , Cook said . Recent events such as Hurricane Katrina have offered extraordinary insights into human response to natural disasters , experts said . Retired Army Lt. Gen. Russell Honoré , who led relief efforts for Hurricane Katrina , said Thursday that a lack of information "  created a lot of anxiety for people because they did n't know what was going on . " "  We need to correct that , and as soon as we can , start pushing information to people , because rumors can cause the victims to make bad decisions , " he said .	After initial shock of tragedy wanes , other mental issues arise , experts say World Bank : Life expectancy in Haiti is 61 years ; U.S. is 78 Expert : The Haitian population is already strained from weak social and economic supports There is a danger of rumors spreading , leading people to make bad decisions
CNN  -- After an agonizing week of waiting , hoping and praying , Brett Anderson reunited with his 16-year-old daughter , Hannah , on Sunday , according to a source close to the situation . Hannah was rescued in the Idaho wilderness after an FBI agent shot and killed the family friend suspected of killing her mother and brother , burning his own house down and kidnapping the girl . James DiMaggio 's death and Hannah 's rescue late Saturday afternoon ended a frantic , weeklong manhunt . The girl did not appear to have significant physical injuries , authorities said . "  It 's now healing time , " the girl 's father said in a text message to CNN . "  They did n't fit " Hannah went missing after cheerleading practice in San Diego County , California , on August 3 . The next day , the bodies of her mother , Christina Anderson , and 8-year-old brother , Ethan , were found about 45 miles east in DiMaggio 's burned house in Boulevard . That horror spurred a manhunt , which zeroed in on central Idaho after two critical clues : the discovery of DiMaggio 's blue Nissan Versa outside the city of Cascade and a sighting of the pair by horseback riders . One of the horseback riders on Sunday described multiple "  red flags " that were raised during their brief interaction with the pair , including their brand-new camping equipment and the pajama-like bottoms Hannah was wearing . Mark John recalled the interaction as "  just like a square peg going into a round hole . They did n't fit . " Another rider , Mike Young , said it looked like Hannah "  had a scared look on her face , " adding about DiMaggio : "  I just had a gut feeling about him . " Unaware of the Amber Alert , however , the horseback riders continued on , and only after seeing a news report on the pair upon returning home did the group put the puzzle pieces together . "  When I seen that picture on the screen , I told my wife , I said , ` That is the girl that was up on that mountain , ' " John recalled . Hundreds of law enforcement agents scoured 300 square miles of rough terrain , hampered by the smoke from nearby wildfires . Key moments in the manhunt Late Saturday afternoon , they spotted the pair 's campsite near Morehead Lake , Idaho . But the topography was so steep , helicopters had to drop authorities off far away from the camp . Hostage rescue teams had to hike more than two hours to get to the scene , local sheriffs ' departments said . They moved in carefully so they would n't alert DiMaggio that they were coming . "  Once the teams set up , they waited until DiMaggio and Hannah separated and moved in , " the Valley and Ada county sheriffs ' offices said . Authorities ushered Hannah to an area where a helicopter could whisk her away . At some point , a "  confrontation " ensued between authorities and DiMaggio , San Diego County Sheriff Bill Gore said . The confrontation ended when an FBI tactical agent shot and killed the murder and kidnapping suspect . "  Obviously we would have liked for Mr. DiMaggio to surrender and face justice in the court of law , " Gore said . "  But that 's not going to be the case . " ` Hannah is safe ' Hannah did n't appear to have significant physical injuries , but was immediately taken to a hospital , the sheriff 's spokeswoman said . "  Hannah is safe , and that was our first priority from the very beginning , " Valley County , Idaho , Sheriff Patti Bolen said . In his text to CNN , Brett Anderson expressed a range of emotions upon hearing of his daughter 's rescue soon after his wife and son 's death . "  I am nervous excited saddened 4 my wife and son and worried what my daughter has been through , " he wrote . Father of missing teen pleads for daughter 's release Witness : DiMaggio had crush A friend of Hannah Anderson detailed the relationship she observed between DiMaggio and the teen . Marissa Chavez told CNN that she was in a car with Hannah and DiMaggio , 40 , a few months ago when he told Hannah he had a crush on her . He followed it up by saying if he was her age , he would date Hannah , Chavez said . Hannah was unnerved by the comments , but did not tell her mother because she did not want to ruin the close relationship that her parents had with DiMaggio , Chavez said . But Hannah did not want to be alone with DiMaggio after that , Chavez said . "  I do n't think she would have gone willingly with him at all , " she said . In an earlier episode , Chavez recalled a trip that DiMaggio and Hannah took to Hollywood . The trip was supposed to be for one week , but Hannah told Chavez that they came back after two days because DiMaggio was upset that she was n't paying enough attention to him . Search intensified after car spotted DiMaggio 's car was found after John reported he had a brief conversation with two campers in the Idaho wilderness on Wednesday . Why more Amber alerts will be waking you up DiMaggio 's car was found unoccupied Friday -- hidden by brush , with its license plate removed -- spurring authorities to intensify their search in that area . Ultimately , DiMaggio was spotted and killed not far from where he left his car , said Andrea Dearden , spokeswoman for Idaho 's Ada County sheriff 's office . Father of missing teen pleads for daughter 's release From anguish to elation Grief over the deaths of Hannah 's mother and brother gave way to euphoria after the teen was found alive . "  We 're very excited , " Sara Britt , Hannah and Ethan 's grandmother , said Sunday . "  Just ecstatic . Jubilation . We could n't ask for anything more . This is the outcome we wanted . " But the outcome was also bittersweet for Britt and her husband , Ralph , who lost their daughter Christina and grandson Ethan in the ordeal . Asked whether she had any sense that DiMaggio might have been capable of the alleged crimes , Sara Britt said never . "  Even the way it turned out -- I mean he loved little E , and he loved my daughter , and for him to do such a horrific act , it 's just not fathomable . I ca n't understand it because he loved them too , " she said . Ralph Britt said he wants Christina to be remembered "  as a daughter and a mother of two great kids . That 's it . " CNN 's Gregg Canes , Miguel Marquez , AnneClaire Stapleton , Mariano Castillo and Alicia Eakin contributed to this report .	NEW : 16-year-old Hannah Anderson is reunited with her father "  They did n't fit , " a horseback rider says of seeing Hannah and her alleged abductor The teenager is rescued in the Idaho wilderness An FBI tactical agent shot and killed suspect James DiMaggio
WIRED  -- And on the 61st day , the TouchPad rose again . HP has plans to produce another round of its TouchPad tablets before the year is out , despite its earlier decision to discontinue its mobile hardware products . "  Despite announcing an end to manufacturing webOS hardware , we have decided to produce one last run of TouchPads to meet unfulfilled demand , " HP spokesman Mark Budgell wrote in a company blog post . "  As we know more about how , when and where TouchPads will be available , we will communicate that here and through e-mail to those who requested notification . " Budgell says it will be a few weeks before devices from the additional run will be available for purchase . The blog post signals further confusion from a company in upheaval . Two weeks ago , HP announced suddenly it would end production on all of its mobile hardware , including the soon-to-be-released Pre 3 and Veer smartphones . The decision also included the company 's iPad competitor , the TouchPad , killed off a mere 49 days after its debut in July . Circulating rumors suggested third-party retailers were sitting on hundreds of thousands of unsold units . HP followed its announcement by slashing prices on remaining TouchPad inventory , reducing the price of the 16-gigabyte TouchPad to $ 100 , and the 32-gig version to $ 150 . Since the blowout sale prices , however , the company has n't been able to keep any TouchPads in stock . Retailers have been bombarded by customer requests for the cheapened devices , and dozens of retailers have reported completely selling out . Which is most likely the reason behind HP 's decision to once again beef up its inventory for a last TouchPad blast . "  Tablet computing is a segment of the market that 's relevant , absolutely , " HP personal systems group exec Todd Bradley told Reuters in an interview . The company continues to explore licensing options for , webOS -- its proprietary operating system -- according to Bradley . There 's no guarantee , however , that HP will continue to sell the last round of tablets at a $ 100 rate . Hardware teardown website iSupply speculates that , in terms of components alone , a 16-GB TouchPad costs HP approximately $ 300 to build . That 's a $ 200 bath HP is taking on each individual unit sold , not including the cost of labor , shipping and associated expenses . HP did not immediately respond to a phone request for comment . While the resurgence in TouchPad interest may be a promising sign for HP , the company 's flip-flopping decision process is n't serving its public image . "  The only thing I know for sure that 's going on at HP is that they have completely lost control of their message , " Forrester analyst Sarah Rotman Epps said by e-mail to Wired.com . Epps continued , saying HP was "  sabotaging their brand with the mixed messages . " As of today , the TouchPad is now the No. 2 best-selling tablet after the iPad , according to FastCompany . Ironically , that 's the exact position HP was vying for . Unfortunately for the company , it took bargain-bin pricing and the threat of extinction to get there . Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $ 1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT ! Click here ! Copyright 2010 Wired.com .	HP has plans to produce another round of TouchPad tablets before year is out It will be a few weeks before devices from the additional run will be available for purchase Now selling for $ 100 , a 16-GB TouchPad costs HP approximately $ 300 to build
CNN  -- George Jones , the country music legend whose graceful , evocative voice gave depth to some of the greatest songs in country music -- including "  She Thinks I Still Care , " "  The Grand Tour " and "  He Stopped Loving Her Today " -- has died , according to his public relations firm . Jones , 81 , died Friday at Vanderbilt University Medical Center in Nashville , the public relations firm said . He had been hospitalized since April 18 with fever and irregular blood pressure . Jones ' career was marked by a tumultuous marriage to Tammy Wynette and bouts with alcoholism that led to occasional concert cancellations .  One of his nicknames was "  No-Show Jones " ; after he got clean , he puckishly used "  No-Show " on his license plates . But there was no denying his talent . Waylon Jennings once wrote a song that said , "  George might show up flyin ' high , if George shows up at all/But he may be , unconsciously , the greatest of them all . " Famous friends chimed in after learning of his death . "  My friend , the greatest singer of all time , has passed , " Brad Paisley wrote on Twitter . "  To those who knew him , our lives were full . To those of you who do n't : discover him now . " In a statement , Merle Haggard said , "  The world has lost the greatest country singer of all time . Amen . " Jones , nicknamed "  The Possum " for his resemblance to the animal , was born in 1931 in east Texas . His early life was marked by poverty and a violent , alcoholic father . Young George taught himself to play guitar , and by the time he was a teenager he was singing on the streets and in the clubs of Beaumont , Texas , not far from his birthplace of Saratoga . Stars react to his death After a quick marriage and service in the Marines , Jones was discovered by Starday Records co-owner Pappy Daily , who guided his early career . Jones ' first single , 1954 's "  No Money in This Deal , " failed to chart , but 1955 's "  Why , Baby , Why " was a hit . By 1959 , Jones had moved to Nashville and recorded his first No. 1 , "  White Lightning . " Jones ' early hits , such as "  Lightning , " "  The Race Is On " and "  Root Beer , " were in a high-powered , rockabilly mode , but he found his biggest success as a crooner . Ensuing years were marked by such songs as "  Things Have Gone to Pieces " and "  A Good Year for the Roses , " which highlighted broken or thwarted romance and the kind of longing that suggests late , lonely nights in bars . It was a life that Jones started knowing all too well . His second marriage , to Shirley Corley , was marked by frequent benders . Jones recalled one that became legend : He had been drunk for several days , and Corley hid the keys to all of their cars . However , he pointed out , she 'd forgotten one vehicle : their lawnmower . They lived eight miles from a liquor store but that did n't stop Jones . "  I imagine the top speed for that old mower was five miles per hour , " he recalled in his 1996 memoir , "  I Lived to Tell It All . " "  It might have taken an hour and a half or more for me to get to the liquor store , but get there I did . " Share your memories of Jones Jones and Corley divorced in 1968 . A year later , he married Wynette , one of Nashville 's biggest names . The two had a number of huge hits together , but the strain of their marriage was indicated in song titles such as their "  We 're Gon na Hold On " and the Jones solo song "  We Can Make It . "  One of Wynette 's singles was called "  Kids Say the Darnedest Things " ; one of those "  things " was "  I want a divorce . " "  By now , the couple 's marriage was becoming a public soap opera , with their audience following each single as if they were news reports , " wrote CMT.com in its Jones biography . Wynette filed for divorce in 1973 , reconsidered and then filed again two years later . This time it stuck . However , though the couple were divorced , they continued to sing together for years afterward . Wynette died in 1998 . Jones ' life went into a tailspin . He started using cocaine and missing shows more frequently , 54 in 1979 alone , according to CMT.com . His weight dropped from 150 to 100 pounds . He entered rehab but left after a month . And yet at this time he recorded perhaps his greatest song , 1980 's "  He Stopped Loving Her Today , " the tale of a man who continued pining for his lost love many years after she left him . The song , written by Bobby Braddock and Curly Putman , has been voted the greatest country song of all time in a Country Music Magazine poll . Jones continued to struggle in the early '80s -- once leading police on a car chase in Nashville -- but with the help of his fourth wife , Nancy Sepulvado , he got clean . Though his hit-making slowed down , mainly thanks to changing tastes in country music , he became a revered elder statesman , often credited as an influence by generations that followed . He paid tribute to his own and preceding generations in a 1985 hit , "  Who 's Gon na Fill Their Shoes . " Other singers stood up for Jones . At the Country Music Association Awards in 1999 , Jones was asked to shorten his hit song "  Choices . " He refused and boycotted the honors . But at the awards , Alan Jackson cut his own song short and went into "  Choices , " giving Jones his due . "  Not everybody needs to sound like a George Jones record , " Jackson once said in an interview , according to The New York Times . "  But that 's what I 've always done . " His singing remains a model . "  There are n't words in our language to describe the depth of his greatness , " Vince Gill said in a statement . "  I 'll miss my kind and generous friend . " Jones , a member of the Country Music Hall of Fame , was honored by the Kennedy Center in 2008 and received a Grammy Lifetime Achievement Award in 2012 . People we lost in 2013 : The lives they lived	George Jones , 81 , dies at Nashville hospital , public relations firm says He had been hospitalized since last week with fever and irregular blood pressure Jones had tumultuous life ; years were marked by alcoholism He recorded "  He Stopped Loving Her Today , " which many consider greatest country song
A damning new video shown Wednesday at the trial of Francesco Schettino , captain of the wrecked Costa Concordia cruise liner , appears to show him boarding a lifeboat with passengers still clearly on board the doomed ship . It was presented to the court as Schettino took the stand for a second day . Schettino 's lawyer , Domenico Pepe , asked the court not to admit the fuzzy videotape that appeared to show the captain getting onto a lifeboat from the ship 's bow wearing the same jacket and tie he had on at dinner before the ship crashed . But the judge ruled that Schettino could be questioned about it . The captain has previously said he was thrown off the cruise liner into a lifeboat as the ship listed sharply . Morning testimony focused on the chain of command aboard the doomed cruise liner , with Schettino admitting to the court that his aim in sailing close to Giglio -- leading the ship to hit rocks -- was to "  impress the passengers . " Earlier , he had denied that the ill-fated maneuver was to impress Moldovan dancer Domnica Cemortan . ' I did n't want to cause a panic ' On Tuesday , he blamed others for failures that led to the crash and 32 deaths , but on Wednesday , he said the ship was his responsibility alone . "  As commander , I was second only to God , " he told the court . Schettino was pressed about why he waited more than an hour to give the order to abandon the ship , even though it was clearly an emergency situation with the engine rooms flooded and the ship listing . He told the court , "  I wanted to calm the passengers , I did n't want to cause a panic and have people start jumping into the water . " When pressed further , he said , "  I waited to give the general emergency because I knew exactly how the ship would drift . I know the Concordia well . I wanted to make sure that the ship was closer to the island and then give the general emergency . The damage was already done . " Referring to his crew , he said , "  I had 600 people who had never done a similar exercise with a ship in this position since the rules do not require it . "  And the words ` abandon ship ' can be open to interpretation : Maybe people would jump into the sea . Instead , seeing that the ship was approaching the island anyway , I waited . " Captain confident about trial Schettino -- who is charged with manslaughter , causing a maritime disaster and abandoning ship with passengers still on board -- denies wrongdoing . He faces up to 23 years in prison if convicted . On Tuesday , he was defiant and combative as he answered the prosecutor 's questions in a makeshift courtroom in the Teatro Moderno in the Tuscan town of Grosseto . Speaking to CNN during a court break , he said he was "  confident " about the way the trial was going . "  It is exhausting , but I think it is going well , " Schettino said . "  It is important because this is the only chance I have to tell my version of events . " The cruise liner capsized after it struck rocks off Italy 's Giglio Island in the Tyrrhenian Sea on January 12 , 2012 . No one died on impact , but 32 lives were lost during the subsequent chaotic evacuation of about 4,200 people aboard the ship .	Video appears to show Francesco Schettino climbing into a lifeboat from the ship The ship 's captain has previously said he was thrown off the listing cruise liner Schettino denies manslaughter , causing a maritime disaster and abandoning ship charges Thirty-two people died after the Costa Concordia hit rocks and capsized off Italy 's coast
CNN  -- Maria de Villota has lost her right eye after a crash at a test event , her Formula One team , Marussia , announced Wednesday . The Spaniard , one of only two female drivers contracted to an F1 team , underwent surgery after running into a stationary truck at a British airfield on Tuesday . A statement from the Russian-owned team said that the 32-year-old had sustained "  serious head and facial injuries " and that she had been in theater overnight at Addenbrooke 's Hospital in the English county of Cambridgeshire . "  We are grateful for the medical attention that Maria has been receiving , and her family would like to thank the Neurological and Plastics surgical teams , " team principal John Booth said . Family or F1 ? Female driver chooses the track - for now "  However , it is with great sadness that I must report that , due to the injuries she sustained , Maria has lost her right eye . "  Maria 's care and the well-being of her family remain our priority at this time . Her family are at the hospital , and we are doing everything possible to support them . " Tuesday 's test was the first time De Villota had been behind the wheel of the MR01 car , and Booth said Marussia officials are investigating the accident . "  We have embarked on a very comprehensive analysis of what happened , and this work continues for the moment , " he said . "  Finally , we have been overwhelmed by messages of support for Maria , her family and the team , and we would like to express our sincere gratitude for those . " De Villota was recruited by UK-based Marussia -- formerly known as Virgin Racing -- in March , having driven in Spanish Formula Three , the Euroseries 3000 and the Daytona 24 Hours . The Madrid native is the daughter of former F1 driver Emilio de Villota , who raced between 1976 and 1982 . Pit-lane pioneers : Women in Formula One	Maria de Villota loses her right eye after an F1 crash on Tuesday The Spaniard has surgery after sustaining serious head and facial injuries Marussia team investigating how the accident at a British airfield occurred De Villota is one of only two female drivers contracted to an F1 team
CNN  -- Police in Albuquerque , New Mexico , released a composite image Tuesday of a young boy found buried beneath the sand of a local playground . Police released this composite sketch of the boy in hopes that someone can identify him . The boy was discovered on Friday by a passerby who saw a tiny black and lime shoe protruding from beneath the playground sand . It led police to the body of a boy , who had been buried there in a shallow grave less than 48 hours earlier . On Tuesday , police still had no answers as to what happened at Alvarado Park -- or even who the boy was . His name is unknown , though the community has dubbed him "  Baby Justice " or "  Baby Angel . " Nobody in the area has claimed his body , and nobody has reported a child of his age missing . Before the composite image was created , police were n't able to release a photo of the boy because his body was so disfigured by the sand 's heat . Police say the Native American or Hispanic boy was between 3 and 5 years old , 38 pounds , 38 inches in height , with brown eyes and dark quarter-inch hair . When he was found , he was wearing Arizona brand clothing , size 3T -- nylon black running pants with red stripes , a red shirt with a monster truck on it and black , gray and lime green Skechers sneakers . Police are n't sure how he died . Albuquerque Police Department spokesman John Walsh said a preliminary autopsy did n't reveal a cause of death . Walsh said there were no obvious signs of bruising on the boy . "  We have canvassed the entire adjoining neighborhood , " Walsh said . "  We 're knocking on every door . We 've been broadcasting and pleading for tips from the community . But still , nobody has come forward . " Though police have received numerous tips from the public , Walsh said nothing has come from them . Albuquerque police are working with other local , state and nationwide law enforcement officials to try to piece together what happened . Until then , members of the community have spent hours at memorials for the boy -- who none of them knew -- praying for him and raising money . French Mortuary , in the town , has offered to pay all funeral costs for the boy . Resident Rachel Lesperance told CNN affiliate KOAT-TV she spent her weekend collecting $ 3,600 for the boy . Her money , and the donations raised by others , will go toward a plaque at the park in the boy 's honor , buying extra lights for the playground and to a fund toward finding out what happened to the little "  Baby Justice . " "  He does n't have a family , " Lesperance told KOAT-TV . "  We 're his family now , and we want him to be taken care of like one of our own . "	Boy found Friday at Alvarado Park buried under sand in playground Police say nobody has been reported missing , nobody has claimed body Nobody knows name of boy dubbed "  Baby Justice " or "  Baby Angel " No cause of death for boy who may be Native American or Hispanic
London , England  CNN  -- The X-ray machine was Wednesday named the most important scientific invention , in a poll marking the centenary of the Science Museum in London . Almost 50,000 people voted in the museum or online on a shortlist of ten discoveries and inventions from past centuries in science , technology and engineering . The X-ray machine , which was discovered in 1895 and revolutionized how doctors detected disease and injury , struck a chord with most voters who singled it out for having made the greatest impact on the past , present and future . It gathered one fifth of the votes  9581 votes  followed by the discoveries of penicillin and the DNA double helix structure . Katie Maggs , associate curator of medicine at the Science Museum , told CNN that she was "  pleasantly surprised " with the results , saying she "  wondered whether the therapeutic benefit of penicillin might just edge in front -- or perhaps the Apollo 10 capsule as visitors find space travel so inspirational as the ultimate test of technology . " Maggs attributed the X-ray machine 's popularity to the wide impact it has on people 's everyday life , from the very first steps of a medical diagnosis to security control at airports . "  People are just fascinated with seeing inside their bodies -- even today . It has fundamentally changed the way we see and understand our world -- but particularly our bodies . "  But I also think visitors are aware of the immense and various benefits x-rays have brought -- revolutionizing medical diagnosis and therapy but also astronomy and material and chemical science -- it was x-rays that enabled us to discover the structure of DNA after all ! " X-rays were discovered in November 1895 by German physicist Wilhelm Röntgen . The Science Museum also houses the Reynolds machine , which was built by a father and son John and Russell Reynolds , months after Röntgen announced his discovery . They were so inspired by the news that they started constructing the equipment in their own home .	The X-ray machine was voted the most significant scientific invention , in a poll by the Science Museum in London Out of almost 50,000 votes cast , one in five people selected it as the object they believed it had the greatest impact on the past , present and future X-rays were followed by the discoveries of penicillin and the DNA double helix structure The public vote began on 10 June this year as part of the Science Museum 's events to mark its centenary
CNN  -- It 's been framed as a debate between Web freedom and the freedom from stumbling upon potentially offensive content . In recent weeks , several companies have been forced to grapple with sexually explicit images appearing in their popular mobile apps . Such images , a small fraction of the apps ' user-generated content , place these companies at risk for being banned from portals such as Apple 's App Store , where millions of people gain access to the mobile Web . But some observers see something more at play here . "  In this debate , some may focus on freedom and others may focus on the harm of adult content , but what 's really happening here is the crystallization of the power of platform providers -- Apple , Google , Microsoft and even Amazon , " said James McQuivey , a tech-industry analyst at Forrester Research . "  These companies are free to set their own standards in the interest of their customers , even if that means that they ` censor ' some content in service of other content . " The most high-profile episode happened last week after Twitter unveiled Vine , a mobile app that lets users shoot and post looping , six-second video clips . It took off with users even quicker than folks at the social network expected . And , as such , Vine quickly became a victim of what has colloquially become known as the Internet 's Rule 34 -- "  If it exists , there is porn on it . " Racy video clips , including one that accidentally popped up in the app 's "  Editor 's Picks " section , led Twitter to make it harder for users to seek out adult content using hashtags like #porn and #naked . Before that , Apple had removed Vine from its "  Editor 's Choice " section in its App Store , the only place Vine is currently available . On Wednesday , the age rating for Vine in the App Store was raised from 12 + to 17 + , roughly the equivalent of a movie 's rating being changed from PG-13 to the more restrictive R. To download the app users must tap a window vowing they are over 17 , although there is no verification system . A week earlier , Apple banned 500px , a photo-sharing app , because it said users could easily access sexual images . The app 's creators argued that 500px 's only adult images were a small number of artistic nude photos . Apple eventually restored the app , but only after 500px agreed to raise its age rating from 4 + to 17 + . In the wake of those two moves , Tumblr , the widely popular blogging platform that includes some porn among its roughly 92 million blogs , similarly reclassified itself with the 17 + tag . The significance here , some say , is that the Web is increasingly becoming a mobile one . In the United States , 45 % of people owned a smartphone last year , which is more than owned an older-style "  feature phone . " That 's not to mention the millions more worldwide using tablets and other devices as their main entry point onto the Internet . "  If iPad Nation were a country , it would be in the top 10 largest countries in the world with more than 100 million citizens , " McQuivey said . "  This is more evidence that platforms like these companies are becoming more important than governments in some respect . " If those mobile-device owners are n't using Apple products , they probably use Google 's Android system , or Microsoft 's or BlackBerry 's . So , all of a sudden , we 're putting big decisions about what we can and ca n't see into the hands of for-profit companies . That has some observers worried . Yes , virtually all mobile devices have a Web browser that lets the user get to the rest of the Internet 's content , app store or not . But a single tap of a finger is a lot easier than thumbing a Web address into a tiny browser . "  There are some advantages to being an application , " said Parker Higgins of the Electronic Frontier Foundation , a group that promotes digital rights . "  To deny those advantages to certain kinds of unpopular speech does n't seem appropriate . " Apple ends up at the center of these conversations , both due to its prominence in the tech world and the famously tight controls it keeps on its "  walled garden " of data . The company continues to argue for an experience that the late CEO Steve Jobs once described as "  f  reedom from programs that steal your private data . Freedom from programs that trash your battery . Freedom from porn . " But critics , including some app developers , argue Apple 's garden is n't policed in a fair way . Why , for example , was 500px banned , but not the more prominent Tumblr ? Has Apple leaned on Twitter , which activists have lauded for its devotion to Web freedoms , to change Vine 's 12 + age rating ? "  I 'm not saying that Apple is being malicious -- they have a billion apps in that store , " Higgins said . "  It 's not that they 're doing the wrong thing on purpose . It 's just too big a job for anyone to be expected to regulate all that . " He notes , though , that the bans have n't always been about porn or spam or inefficient apps . Last year , an app that would have pinpointed the location of U.S. drone strikes in the Middle East was rejected multiple times . And two years ago , Pulitzer Prize-winning cartoonist Mark Fiore 's app was rejected because it "  contains content that ridicules public officials . "  It was eventually approved after public outcry . "  That 's pretty plainly political speech , " Higgins said of the apps . Apple did not reply to questions submitted for this article . But the company makes no bones about having tight controls on the App Store . "  If it sounds like we 're control freaks , well , maybe it 's because we 're so committed to our users and making sure they have a quality experience with our products , " the company writes in its App Store review guidelines . Google has guidelines for its Google Play mobile store . But they tend to be looser than Apple 's . The Android system also lets apps from outside stores be loaded onto the phones and tablets that use it . Google also did not reply to a request for comment . That , of course , opens up the user to the possibilities Jobs mentioned -- call it Android 's wild , and potentially dangerous , jungle outside of Apple 's aforementioned garden . Regardless of the specifics of their approaches , though , these companies are making decisions that , rhetoric aside , are never wholly about the end users ' rights or concerns . "  Their job is to make money by cultivating a base of customers , " said Forrester 's McQuivey . "  If they deem some content will harm that relationship , they are free to ban it . "  As a result , traditional thoughts about government censorship or control are no longer relevant -- no matter how upsetting that will be to people on either side of this particular debate . "	Controversy over adult content on mobile apps highlights control over free speech Apple has banned some apps from its store because of sexual images Tech titans may have more power over Internet free speech than some governments Apple promises a mobile experience free from porn and other irritants
Washington  CNN  -- The United States is withholding some of its assistance to Malawi in the wake of claims its government used force against protesters during demonstrations over the government 's handling of the economy and other issues , officials said Tuesday . The Millennium Challenge Corporation  MCC  , a U.S. government agency that provides development assistance to countries that demonstrate a commitment to good governance , said it was halting all operations connected to a $ 350 million , five-year compact signed with the east African nation in 2007 . "  MCC is deeply concerned by recent events in Malawi and is placing an immediate hold on all program operations in order to review its partnership with Malawi , including whether to recommend to its Board of Directors to suspend or terminate its assistance , " the organization said in a written statement Tuesday . Twelve people were killed , and dozens injured since protests erupted in Malawi last week as people demanded immediate action from the government over persistent fuel shortages , frequent power blackouts and criticism over recent legislation protesters said limited citizens ' rights . The U.S. State Department condemned the Malawi government 's use of force against demonstrators in a statement last week , and urged restraint by both sides . MCC 's compact with Malawi seeks to reduce energy costs to businesses and households and improve efficiency in the agriculture , manufacture and service sectors , along with supporting the preservation and creation of employment opportunities in the Malawian economy .	The suspension comes after violence erupted during protests Twelve people were killed and dozens injured The U.S. condemned the Malawi government 's force against protesters
Wukan Village , China  CNN  -- In the end , Xue Jianwan gave up her short-lived political career after family pressure proved even harder to overcome than official intimidation . "  My enthusiasm was just extinguished by my Grandma 's tears , " the 21-year-old elementary school teacher posted early Sunday morning on Sina Weibo , China 's equivalent of Twitter . "  I decided to call it quits as soon as they announced the initial election result -- sorry if I let anyone down . " Xue had been running to become a deputy chief of her native Wukan , a fishing village of some 12,000 residents in southern China , part of an unprecedented exercise in grassroots democracy in a country where the Communist Party usually reigns supreme . Some 80 % of the 8,300 registered voters , state media reported , flocked to Wukan School on a balmy Saturday to select a new village leadership . As red flags fluttered in an early spring breeze and loudspeakers played folk music , villagers marked their choices in booths marked "  secret balloting " with election workers and volunteers standing by to answer any questions . Dozens of foreign reporters -- used to government interference in the field -- savored a rare moment to roam freely , filming the event and interviewing voters , as several officials watched from a second-floor balcony . The orderly scene was soon disrupted by the appearance of Xue who was besieged by photographers jostling to get a shot of her . With her small frame disappearing in a sea of flashing cameras , Xue 's friends had to rescue her from the press pack . The young woman 's celebrity only served as a poignant reminder of the tumultuous period the village had just passed through . From September to December 2011 , thousands of locals took to the streets of Wukan , protesting the illegal seizure of their farmland by corrupt officials , expelling local Communist Party leaders and clashing with anti-riot police who surrounded the village . The months-long "  siege of Wukan " culminated when security agents took several protest leaders into custody early December , and one of them -- Xue Jinbo -- soon died in jail . Authorities blamed sudden illness , but his family and most villagers believed he had been beaten to death . As the untimely death became a rallying call , provincial authorities relented and agreed to the protesters ' demands , sacking local officials , launching an investigation into the land dispute , and promising an open and fair village election . When CNN first met Xue Jianwan , who is Xue Jinbo 's daughter , in January , she was still reeling with anger and disbelief after the death of her father . Her distraught mother could barely speak . "  Dad was like Superman to us , " she said at the time , her eyes welling up with tears . "  How can I just accept that he 's suddenly no longer with us ? " With a maturity beyond her years , Xue vowed to get her father 's body back , which had been held by the authorities , confronting every official who visited the family to offer condolences . Although her father 's body was eventually returned in February , and the family received government compensation of 900,000 yuan  $ 143,000  , Xue Jianwan made it clear she would continue to seek justice for his death . Lighting incense sticks and kneeling in front of a large portrait , Xue paid tribute to her late father at home Saturday morning before heading to the polls . Xue tweeted that she had decided to stand for election at the last minute , defying officials who warned her that she may lose the job that provides the only income for her mother and two younger siblings . "  The villagers want me to run , " she told CNN . "  And I think of my father -- I want to do something for him . " She may be the most unlikely candidate on the ballot , but plenty of voters were willing to embrace a daughter carrying on a cause her father died for . "  We all liked him and are now voting for her , " said Wu Fang , a 53-year-old villager lingering on the school ground after voting . "  She told us at meetings that she would follow her father 's footstep to help us and look after our welfare . " As Wu and her fellow villagers exercised their hard-fought democratic right , some analysts have wondered whether the "  Wukan effect " could bring wider political freedoms . China watchers estimate the country saw some 180,000 "  mass incidents " in 2010 , most of which occurred in rural areas and were related to land confiscations . While the Chinese central government has permitted direct village elections since the 1980s , critics say the Wukan election is nothing more than symbolism and that the Communist Party still keeps a tight grip on dissent nationwide , especially in the wake of the Arab Spring . Back at Wukan School , Wu Fang echoed other local villagers when she said a "  fairer " election would n't solve the core issue that triggered the original protest : the sale of almost 1,000 acres of land by local officials to developers without any compensation to farmers . "  How can we farmers live without our land ? " she said . "  We want our farmland back and there has n't been much progress . Without news coverage , our struggle would have died a long time ago . " With two prominent protest leaders declared the winners for the top two positions on Saturday night , it remains to be seen whether there will be any real change in rural China . "  A democratic election produces capable village officials who will help villagers get back their seized land and stolen assets -- so it 's a necessary step in the process , " Yang Semao , who was elected deputy village chief , told CNN before casting his ballot . Xue failed to get enough votes for an outright victory , but is eligible to compete in a runoff Sunday . Worried that she may meet her father 's fate , some family members had vehemently opposed her political career from the outset . As her decision to quit the race spread online , reaction among her 25,000 Weibo followers appeared mostly encouraging . "  It does n't matter whether or not you get elected , " one supporter wrote . "  Your family has already paid the ultimate price for Wukan . " "  Do n't blame your grandmother -- she 's been through too much , " another one chimed in . "  You 're still young and there will be time for another run . "	Daughter of Wukan villager who died in police custody ends political career Local election seen as unprecedented exercise of grassroots democracy in China Xue Jianwan 's celebrity a poignant reminder of the village 's tumultuous recent past Analysts ponder whether the "  Wukan Effect " could take hold in other parts of China
CNN  -- An American man , jailed without formal charges in Bolivia for 11 months , is nearing one month on a hunger strike to call attention to his case . Jacob Ostreicher , 53 , became ensnared in a criminal investigation linked to drug money and was arrested in June of last year on a preliminary charge of money laundering . But his wife and lawyer say they have proven that the source of all the money is legitimate , and wonder if other forces are keeping Ostreicher , a businessman from Brooklyn , locked up . Since his arrest , at least 15 hearings have been scheduled , but only three have actually taken place . After hearing the defense team during one of those sessions last year , a judge ordered Ostreicher released on bond . His family paid , but before Ostreicher left the grounds of the notorious Palmasola prison in Santa Cruz , the judge unexpectedly rescinded his own decision . A new judge was assigned recently , but the case has not moved forward in months . The Bolivian prosecutors in the case were not available for comment . In mid-April , Ostreicher began a hunger strike , hoping to kickstart the justice system in Bolivia as well as to rally support back home . Supporters in New York held a demonstration for Ostreicher in front of the Bolivian Mission there this month . The back story of his arrest is complex . It starts with an investment that Ostreicher , an Orthodox Jew and flooring contractor , made in 2008 in a rice operation in Santa Cruz . A group of investors saw opportunity in growing rice , and though Ostreicher did n't put down a lot of money , he began traveling to Bolivia to look after the project , his supporters say . Ostreicher told CNN in a telephone interview from prison last year that what he found in Bolivia was that the investors had been swindled by the woman who they hired to run the project , who had ties with a Brazilian drug trafficker . Ostreicher fired the woman and tried to set things straight , but the ownership of the land was tied to the drug trade and he found himself a suspect . Ostreicher 's detention comes at a low point in U.S.-Bolivian relations . Under leftist President Evo Morales , the U.S. ambassador to Bolivia was expelled in 2008 in a diplomatic row . His supporters are suspicious that the judge who reversed his decision on his release was subsequently promoted . But no corruption has been proven . Yimy Montano , Ostreicher 's Bolivian attorney , said that the real problem may not be a conspiracy against him , but the result of an ailing justice system under Morales . "  The justice system is passing through one of its worst moments , and Mr. Jacob is suffering the fallout of that , " he said . Many Bolivians face the same kind of maddening delays , he said . Still , Montano said , the court 's decision to keep Ostreicher jailed is confounding . At the most substantive of the hearings , the defense presented more than 1,000 translated documents that showed the source of all of Ostreicher 's investment and proved it came from legitimate sources , Montano said . "  Penny by penny , we 've shown that every cent came into the country legally , " he said . Prosecutors told CNN in September that they are suspicious of Ostreicher because of the lengths he went through to try to recoup the investors ' losses and his continued negotiations with the landowner . But prosecutors have not presented any evidence to back up their claims , Montano said . "  I do n't know why he remains in prison , " he said . Under Bolivian law , a suspect can be held on preliminary charges for 18 months , at which time the state has to file formal charges or dismiss them . "  We 're just in limbo . As far as I 'm concerned , Jacob has been kidnapped , " said his wife , Miriam Ungar . "  There 's no end to this . " Ungar and Montano said that Ostreicher 's condition has deteriorated since he began his hunger strike . "  He 's not doing well , " she said . Ungar shared her story with CNN and others in September of last year , and said she faces legal action by the state because of her comments . Court documents show that the state ordered a prosecutor to begin an investigation into obstruction of justice by Ungar , her lawyers , Ostreicher and others who spoke to the media . "  It 's in the back of my mind . I am afraid of it , " she said of the possibility of facing charges herself . All this happened right before the hearing where the judge ordered Ostreicher released before changing his mind . Montano said that at this point , he wants Ostreicher to go to trial . "  We want him to be absolved , " he said . In the meantime , despite his delicate health , Ostreicher is refusing to end his hunger strike . "  It 's the only way to be heard , " Montano said .	Jacob Ostreicher has been in prison since June 2011 He has not been formally charged Family is suspicious of reasons behind his arrest Lawyer criticizes the Bolivian justice system
CNN  -- Nearly five years after the housing bubble burst , American homeowners are beginning to see signs of relief as housing markets are finally showing signs of recovery . An untold story of this recovery , however , is the extent to which it is fueled by immigration . A new analysis of U.S. Census data by Americas Society/Council of the Americas and Partnership for a New American Economy shows that immigrants have collectively added $ 3.7 trillion to U.S. housing wealth . And over the last several years , as many families in cities and rural areas from the Sun Belt to Rust Belt have seen their largest personal asset -- the home they live in -- placed in jeopardy , the inflow of immigrants has been a lifeline for them . Take Chicago . The number of U.S.-born Americans residing in Chicago and surrounding Cook County has declined by 900,000 since 1970 . Fortunately , the arrival of nearly 600,000 immigrants over the same time period has offset most of that decline -- and most likely kept additional natives from leaving -- blunting what could have been a catastrophe for the local housing market . Similar stories exist all around the country . The U.S. Census data show that in Harris County , Texas , which includes Houston , the influx of immigrants between 2000 and 2010 added more than $ 25,000 to the value of the average home . In Maricopa County , Arizona , which is home to staunch immigration opponent Sheriff Joe Arpaio , immigration added $ 18,000 to local home prices over the period . Immigrants are a boon for the housing market in three ways . First , their demand for affordable housing renewed the local housing markets . This , coupled with increased demands for locally produced goods and services once they establish themselves , stimulates their neighborhood 's economy . Second , and relatedly , as immigrants stimulate economic life in affordable neighborhoods , they attract more U.S.-born people to those neighborhoods , further bolstering home values . For every 1,000 immigrants who move to a county , 250 U.S.-born people eventually follow , drawn by the new economic opportunities that have been created . Third , immigrants help stabilize neighborhoods that have gone into decline , helping these previously blighted neighborhoods become viable alternatives for middle - and working-class Americans . Importantly , because immigrants tend to gravitate to areas with cheaper housing costs , they create wealth in the housing market without contributing to the pricing out of the middle class from more desirable neighborhoods , especially in large metropolitan areas . Immigrants and the housing market is just one chapter in the larger story of their role in helping our economy to grow . In health care , for example , the en masse retirement of Baby Boomers creates increased demand for professionals ranging from physicians and surgeons to home health aides . Immigrants are critical for taking care of our elderly , and for filling the jobs needed to sustain our overall health care industry . The same holds true in housing . Because immigrants move into areas where housing is cheaper and neighborhoods are more on the edge , they revitalize those neighborhoods . We 've seen that across New York City , from Washington Heights in Northern Manhattan to Flushing and Corona in Queens to Sunset Park in Brooklyn . Encouraging the stability and growth of the U.S. housing market is a fundamental aspect of ensuring a solid economy . So is ensuring U.S. industries have access to a productive , diverse and flexible workforce with the right skills to grow and prosper . Immigration is essential to achieving both of these goals and is thus essential to the future of the United States . With the future of immigration reform in the hands of the House of Representatives , this new research gives added momentum for why we need a bipartisan agreement that reflects many of the basic compromises of the Senate bill . As a country we can not afford to refuse to modernize and reform our immigration system . Turning away those who could help us build a stronger and more dynamic community and nation would be blind to our economic needs . Now is the time for immigration reform . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of the writers .	Writers : The housing recovery fueled by immigrants moving in as U.S. born move out They say immigrants ' need for affordable housing revives local housing markets Writers : They buy goods and services , revive neighborhoods , work crucial jobs Writers : We need immigration reform , to help build a more dynamic economy and nation
Madrid  CNN  -- A 24-year-old Australian man was gored in the thigh Friday , the second day of the annual running of the bulls in Pamplona , Spain . At least three other runners went to hospital with injuries , officials said . The Australian man was gored in the bullring at the end of the course . One bull became separated from the pack and came last , and alone , to the bull ring . Television images showed the man coming up behind the lone bull , which then turned on the man , who suddenly slipped and fell to the ground . He was then gored in the thigh . He was immediately tended to the bullring medical staff . A hospital report on all the injured is due later . Four runners went to the hospital with injuries Thursday on the first day of the running of the bulls . Commentators on Spanish state television TVE considered it a relatively safe start to the dangerous annual tradition in Pamplona , which has tallied thousands of injuries and 15 deaths since record-keeping began in 1924 , including the fatal goring of a Spanish man in 2009 . The run in Pamplona started 400 years ago and became popular worldwide after author Ernest Hemingway wrote about it in the 1920s in his book "  The Sun Also Rises , " also published under the title "  Fiesta . " It is now broadcast live across Spain by state television TVE , which pays Pamplona for exclusive rights , and positions some 20 cameras along the course . The daily run continues for eight days , through July 14 , at 8 a.m.  2 a.m. ET  . It is the highlight of the San Fermin festival in Pamplona that attracts hundreds of thousands to the nonstop fiesta .	The Australian man is gored in the bullring at the end of the course At least three other runners are injured Friday Hundreds of thousands expected at nonstop festival in Pamplona
CNN  -- Miley Cyrus is an addict . The "  drug " she ca n't get enough of is potentially one of the most dangerous ones out there : Fame . I bet that Miley wo n't even be upset with me saying this about her . Why ? Because her name is in the headline of this article . And on some level , I -- along with others in the media -- am enabling her addiction . But Miley is not the only person who craves fame . America is filled with people like Miley . Just watch any "  Real Housewives of _____ , " "  American Idol " auditions , "  The X Factor , " etc. . Even I enjoy making appearances on cable TV . Of course , I do n't appear on these shows like Cyrus , scantily clad with my tongue hanging out and twerking nonstop .  And I 'm sure not many people would want to see me do that . Miley may only be 20 years old , but she has mastered the game of manipulating the media to follow her every move . She did it in August at the MTV Music Awards when she dry-humped singer Robin Thicke . She followed it up in September with the release of her music video , "  Wrecking Ball , " in which she appeared naked while swinging on a wrecking ball . And just this past weekend she lit up a marijuana joint and smoked it during MTV 's European Awards telecast . Granted , the awards show was held in Amsterdam , where marijuana is legal . In fact , there 's even a Museum of Marijuana over there . Would Miley have smoked pot on a U.S. TV show , in violation of the law ? Maybe . In order for Miley to get her fame fix , she 'll need to come up with more and more outrageous antics . There really is no incentive for Miley to change her ways . After all , she is n't doing it for the money -- her net worth is estimated to be $ 120-150 million . But rather , she would do it for the high of seeing her name in the headlines . At this point , there are a few paths Miley can take . She can follow the footsteps of fame junkies like Donald Trump and Sarah Palin and become nothing more than a walking punch line . She can sadly go down the trail of young stars whose lives tragically ended at an early age because fame -- or the loss of it -- was too painful to endure . Or -- and this is my sincere hope -- Miley can follow the lead of fame addicts who use their name recognition to call attention to pressing social or political issues and push for positive change . A good example of this type of person is Lady Gaga . Lady Gaga loves fame . The lyrics of her new hit song "  Applause " makes this point abundantly clear . "  I live for the applause ... Live for the way that you cheer and scream for me . " We 've seen Gaga wear a dress made of real meat and be carried to an awards show in a large egg pod . Just this week , at the release party for her new album , she wore a dress that had mini-helicopter-type rotors attached to it so she could fly around the room . But Lady Gaga has also used her fame for more than just self-promotion . This week while Miley Cyrus was smoking a joint on stage , Lady Gaga was opening up about her addiction to marijuana . She admitted that at one time she smoked 15-20 joints a day . She talked about her struggles in overcoming addiction . Gaga offered a sobering cautionary tale for young people that marijuana may turn out to be more than recreational fun -- it could consume your life . And for years , Lady Gaga has used her fame to sway public opinion on gay rights . She called on President Obama to support marriage equality years before he finally did . She also pushed for an end to the military 's "  Do n't ask , do n't tell " policy . Of course , while she was advocating for changes she was getting plenty of media coverage . It 's a win-win situation . So , Miley , twerk all you want , but in between your publicity binges , why not also talk about issues that demand more attention , such as domestic violence , child poverty , gun safety , etc. ? Think of it as : "  Twerking for a cause . " Believe me , the press will love it and so will the people you are helping . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Dean Obeidallah .	Dean Obeidallah : Like many stars , Miley Cyrus is addicted to fame Obeidallah : There is no incentive for Miley to change , but what path will she take ? He says Miley should follow the likes of Lady Gaga , who use fame to fight for social justice Obeidallah : It 's a win-win situation ; the media will love Miley all the more for it
A gunman who opened fire at a New Jersey mall Monday night later holed up in a back room and shot himself in the head , authorities say . No one else was injured in the mall shooting . Richard Shoop 's body was found at 3:20 a.m. Tuesday in an obscure part of Westfield Garden State Plaza mall , hours after he fired at least six bullets without striking anyone in the massive shopping center . He acted alone , authorities say . "  We know that his intent was either suicide or to do something that would cause police to shoot him , which we call ` suicide by cop , ' " Bergen County Prosecutor John Molinelli told CNN 's "  New Day . " "  He had more than enough opportunity to be able to shoot other people , " including a group adjacent to him , but he did n't , Molinelli said . "  Instead , he shot randomly at different locations . " Shots hit the ceiling , an escalator , an elevator and a storefront , the prosecutor said . The reasons for the shooting remain unclear . Shoop used narcotic drugs and sold drugs as well , Molinelli said . And he left behind a note referring to the idea that the "  end was coming , " Molinelli said . "  That could mean going to jail , getting arrested , or it could mean suicide . " Authorities do n't know whether Shoop left the note immediately before going to the mall . Shoop 's brother , Kevin , called authorities after hearing about the shooting and said he thought Shoop might be the gunman , Molinelli said . Police did not confirm the shooter 's identity until they found his body . "  We 're not sure exactly what caused him to do this , and we 're all devastated , " Kevin Shoop told reporters Tuesday . "  My brother intended to harm nobody else but himself . He just , sadly , decided to make ... an act of self-indulgence by taking his own life publicly . And it 's a tragedy to us all , " he said . Pandemonium The melee started about 9:20 p.m. ET Monday night , just as the shopping center was about to close . Thousands of people were still in the mall , Molinelli said . Shoop , dressed all in black and wearing a motorcycle helmet , walked through the mall with a rifle modified to look like an AK-47 . The rifle was taken from Shoop 's brother , Molinelli said . Allie Cozic , who works in the mall , said everyone was "  running to wherever they could . " "  It was almost like when you 're watching a horror movie and the killer is walking slowly . That 's what it seemed like , " she said . "  He was wearing all black . It almost looked like body armor of some kind . As soon as I saw the gun , I just turned and ran . " Eddie Kahmann , another mall employee , said he heard six or seven gunshots . "  There was just people running like crazy , so I quickly just closed my doors , ran to the back , turned off all the lights , music and everything , just to stay hidden , " he said . The shooting sent panic through the mall and set off a frenzied hunt for the gunman . In the early hours of the search , officials were n't sure whether the shooter was still inside or outside the 2 million-square-foot building . Officers did not fire any shots , Molinelli said , and there was only slight damage to the mall . Even as Shoop 's body lay in a remote room in a construction area , fear permeated the mall . More than 100 shoppers were still hiding inside stores early Tuesday morning , unsure of whether they could safely come out . Officers worked to evacuate each store . Signs of trouble Shoop , 20 , was known by local law enforcement . He had a history of drug use and abuse , Molinelli said . "  He at least thought that he was reaching a point where there was no recourse but to take his own life , " Molinelli said . The owner of a pizza shop where Shoop had been working for about a year said he was a good , trustworthy worker . Dod Geges , owner of Victor 's Pizza Shop , describes Shoop as a nice , quiet guy . But in the last two weeks , "  something was off " about Shoop , Geges said , adding that he "  was n't his usual self . " Geges ' brother Robert Gega , who manages the restaurant , said Shoop was working 60 hours a week and "  sobering up . " "  He was n't drinking or drugging , " Gega said , adding that Shoop had good friends and never gave an indication of contemplating suicide . "  He would never hurt anyone . " LAX shooting : Latest on the suspect , victims and warning that may have come too late	"  We 're all devastated , " says gunman 's brother The brother called authorities after hearing about shots at the mall The gunman is identified as 20-year-old Richard Shoop No one else was injured
DUBAI , United Arab Emirates  CNN  -- Sudanese President Omar el-Bashir on Tuesday accused the international media of "  exaggerating " the situation in Darfur to detract from atrocities in Iraq , the Palestinian territories and Somalia . Refugees from Darfur gather at a camp in Chad . Sudan 's president says the crisis in Darfur is a "  media fabrication . " El-Bashir spoke at a news conference in Dubai following a three-day visit to the Persian Gulf emirate . He said the crisis in Sudan 's western Darfur region is a "  media fabrication . " El-Bashir 's government has been blamed by the United Nations of supporting militias that conduct "  indiscriminate attacks " on civilians in the Darfur region , including torture , rape , and killings . Rebels fighting the government-backed militias have also been accused by the U.N. of widespread human rights abuses . During Tuesday 's news conference , el-Bashir restated his position that foreign intervention in Darfur was an obstacle in achieving peace in the region . The Sudanese president has been outspoken in his opposition to allowing non-African forces in Darfur . At the start of this year , more than 9,000 members of a joint UN-African Union peacekeeping force were deployed to the region to address the fighting and humanitarian suffering . The force will eventually number 26,000 . Speaking on Tuesday , el-Bashir said that the fighting only affects 10 percent of the region . In the majority of Darfur , there is little to no conflict and people are living normal lives , he said . Citing Sudanese government statistics , el-Bashir said that less than 10,000 people have died in the conflict and less than 500,000 have been displaced . International figures , including United Nations ' data , put the death toll in Darfur at approximately 200,000 , with another 2.5 million people displaced by the violence since 2003 . The conflict started five years ago when ethnic African tribesmen took up arms , complaining of decades of neglect and discrimination by the Sudanese government . Sudan 's Arab-dominated government is accused of responding by unleashing the tribal militias known as janjaweed , which have committed the worst atrocities against Darfur 's local communities . El-Bashir , however , rejected claims that the Darfur conflict is being fought along ethnic lines . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Elham Nakhlawi in Dubai contributed to this report .	Sudanese President Omar el-Bashir : Crisis in Darfur region is a "  media fabrication " Plan is to detract from atrocities in Iraq , Palestinian territories and Somalia , he says El-Bashir says less than 10,000 people have died and less than 500,000 displaced U.N. says 200,000 people have died , and 2.5 million have been displaced
Washington  CNN  -- A U.S. Marine reservist was detained early Friday after being found acting "  suspiciously " in Arlington National Cemetery before dawn , setting off a security scare that closed commuter routes around the Pentagon for a few hours to snarl morning rush-hour traffic , authorities said . Information from the detained man , identified as 22-year-old Yonathan Melaku , led authorities to a car parked in bushes on the side of a road near the Pentagon and prompted explosives experts to examine the red 2011 Nissan , according to an FBI statement . A security perimeter set up to divert traffic from the area closed Route 27 and other roads around the Pentagon and national cemetery in northern Virginia just across the Potomac River from Washington . The roads were reopened later in the day . No explosives or other suspicious material were found in the vehicle , FBI Special Agent Brenda Heck said . A backpack the detained man was carrying held bags of a "  non-explosive unknown material " that was being investigated , she said . At the White House , Press Secretary Jay Carney said that "  there were no dangerous materials or explosives found . " The FBI statement said Melaku , of nearby Alexandria , Virginia , was detained for trespass in Arlington National Cemetery when it was closed . Public safety concerns over items Melaku was carrying led to the road closures , according to the FBI . After the car parked near the Pentagon was searched and removed , the FBI and Fairfax County Policy also searched Melaku 's Alexandria residence , the FBI statement said . "  At this time , law enforcement believes Melaku acted alone and that there were no other locations or activity involved , " said the FBI statement . According to the U.S. Marine Corps , Melaku joined the Marine Corps Reserve in September 2007 and currently is listed as a Marine Corps reservist lance corporal and a motor vehicle operator with the Combat Engineer Support Company of the 4th Combat Engineer Battalion in the 4th Marine Division . He has been awarded the National Defense Service Medal and the Selected Marine Corps Reserve Medal , and he was not deployed overseas , said the information from the Marine Corps . A source in the military said Melaku had "  fallen off the radar as a Marine . " He has failed to pass required fitness tests , and records show that he was given a non-recommendation for promotion , according to the source . The security perimeter set up in the incident was part of the normal response to what Heck called suspicious activity by Melaku . "  From the FBI 's perspective , it was just due diligence to protect this area , " she said . No charges have been filed against the detained man , Heck said , emphasizing that the investigation was still in an early stage . A law enforcement official said the material in Melaku 's backpack , which Melaku told authorities was ammonium nitrate , turned out to be inert . The official also said that contrary to some early news reports , no al Qaeda literature was found , but Melaku had a notebook in his backpack in which the words "  Taliban " and "  al Qaeda " were scrawled . In addition , the source said some spent 9mm shell casings were found but could not say whether they were in the car or the backpack . According to U.S. Park Police Sgt. David Schlosser , the detained man "  was n't forthcoming " about his identification or what he was doing in the national cemetery after midnight . The security response was based on how authorities handle situations involving suspicious individuals or vehicles , Schlosser said . A Department of Homeland Security statement called the situation "  a law enforcement matter at this time , with the U.S. Park Police and the Arlington County Police Department as leads and other federal agencies on the scene . " CNN 's Carol Cratty , Larry Shaughnessy and Eric Marrapodi contributed to this report .	NEW : Detained man is a U.S. Marine reservist Roads reopen after security closures A White House spokesman says no explosives are found The FBI searches a house in connection with the investigation
Washington  CNN  -- President Barack Obama said Friday that he would strike down a ban on same-sex marriage if he were on the Supreme Court , and that he believed his administration was obligated to weigh in on a California case before the justices . Speaking to reporters at the White House , Obama opened up about his rationale for signing off on a government brief that was filed in an appeal of California 's 2008 prohibition of same-sex marriage . The Justice Department brief submitted on Thursday urged the high court to invalidate the ban . "  Let 's treat everybody fairly . Let 's treat everybody equally , " Obama said . The issue could be a defining moment in Obama 's presidency , similar to the political impact last year when the high court upheld the health care reform law that he spearheaded . The president and the nation have evolved on same-sex marriage It is rare for a president to become personally involved in the legal and political considerations in a Supreme Court appeal , and sources say Obama spent a good deal of time reading up on the issue and articulating his views privately before the brief was filed . The administration is not a party in the California appeal , one of two same-sex marriage cases before the high court this term , and was not required to offer an opinion although the Justice Department often does so in important constitutional cases . Sources said Obama made the final decision for the administration to submit a viewpoint and signed off on the wording . He said Friday that he believed it was "  important for us to articulate what I believe and what this administration stands for . " The California law , known as Proposition 8 , does not provide any rationale for "  discriminating against same-sex couples , " Obama said . The evolution of the nation 's ` first gay president ' When faced with a question of whether that 's constitutional , Obama said it was "  important for us to answer " honestly . "  And the answer is no , " he said . Obama once supported only civil unions , but he described his position as evolving and declared during last year 's election campaign he was personally comforable with letting gays and lesbians marry . The president further raised expectations of an expanded view in the sweeping rhetoric of his inaugural address in January . Much of the reasoning in any government brief would , in large part , reflect Obama 's personal thinking , gained from his years as a former constitutional law professor . He offered a studied analysis of the issue . "  What we 've said is that same-sex couples are a group , a class that deserves heightened scrutiny . The Supreme Court needs to ask the state why it 's doing it , and if the state does n't have a good reason , it should be struck down . That 's the core principle , as applied to this case , " Obama said Friday . "  Now , what the court may decide that if it does n't apply in this case , it probably ca n't apply in any case , " he continued . "  There 's no good reason for it . If I were on the court , that would probably be the view that I would put forward . But I 'm not a judge , I 'm the president . " The new Obama has his heart on his sleeve CNN Supreme Court Producer Bill Mears contributed to this report .	Obama says he 'd strike down California prohibition , but "  I 'm not a judge " President said a fundamental principle is that everyone is created equal Obama administration filed a brief in Supreme Court appeal of prohibition Court weighing two same-sex marriage cases this term
CNN  -- It 's being called the most expensive divorce in the history of ... well , marriage . Russia 's Dmitry Rybolovlev , 47 , earned the dubious honor when Geneva , Switzerland 's Court of First Instance last week ordered the 47-year-old billionaire to pay his wife , Elena , about 4 billion Swiss francs , according to CNN 's French affiliate BFM . That 's a little more than $ 4.5 billion  little being a relative term  . The couple was married for 23 years but have been engaged in divorce proceedings since 2008 , BFM reported , citing the Swiss daily newspaper Le Temps . Rybolovlev , who owns the French soccer team AS Monaco , which finished second in Ligue 1 this season , is No. 148 on Forbes ' list of billionaires . His estimated worth is $ 8.8 billion , according to Forbes . Known lately for real estate moves -- including the purchases of a $ 300 million penthouse in Monaco and a $ 98 million Palm Beach , Florida , mansion owned by Donald Trump , along with his daughter 's purchases of an $ 88 million New York apartment and the Greek island of Skorpios -- Rybolovlev made his original fortune in fertilizer , according to Forbes . He and his father , a scientist , started their business in 1990 , and Rybolovlev began buying shares of industrial enterprises in 1992 , Forbes reported . In 1995 , he was named chairman of the board of Uralkali , Russia 's top producer of potassium fertilizers , Forbes said . He sold his stake in Uralkali for $ 6.5 billion in 2010 and procured a controlling stake in AS Monaco the following year . The divorce puts Rybolovlev in rarefied company , as only French businessman and art dealer Alec Wildenstein and Bernie Ecclestone , the top dog in Formula One racing , have been reported to shell out more than $ 1 billion in divorce proceedings . 11 intriguing things owned by wealthy Russians World 's ` most expensive divorce ' set to halve oligarch 's fortune CNN 's Tara Kangarlou contributed to this report .	Dmitry Rybolovlev ordered to pay his wife , Elena , more than $ 4.5 billion , report says He is known most recently for his real estate moves and his purchase of AS Monaco Dmitry and Elena Rybolovlev , both 47 , have been married 23 years , according to reports Russian billionaire made his original fortune with Uralkali , a Russian fertilizer company
CNN  -- Russian President Vladimir Putin says he still does n't see eye to eye with the United States on Syria . But "  all of us have the intention to stop the violence in Syria ... and to solve this situation peacefully , " Putin said Monday after a meeting with U.S. President Barack Obama at the Group of Eight Summit in Northern Ireland . Putin said he and Obama "  agreed to push the parties to the negotiating table . " But the Russian president did n't specify who could be involved in Syria talks , when they would take place or what their end goal would be . The G8 summit comes days after the United States pledged to play a greater role in assisting Syrian rebels , citing evidence that President Bashar al-Assad 's regime used chemical weapons against the rebels and his own people . The move was backed by seven of the eight nations represented at this week 's conference in Loch Erne , while Russia remains the sole G8 nation supporting al-Assad . And global leaders at the conference are poised to pressure Putin over his support for Syria 's government . On Monday , Obama stressed the importance of making sure chemical weapons "  are neither used nor subject to proliferation " in Syria -- a topic that Putin did n't mention in his public remarks after meeting with the U.S. president . Russia has downplayed the claims of chemical weapons use , and Putin has opposed outside intervention into the county 's 2-year-old internal conflict . On Sunday , Putin sharply criticized the decision to provide arms to Syrian rebels , referencing a widely circulated video of an opposition fighter appearing to eat the heart of a dead solider . Speaking to reporters in London after meeting with British Prime Minister David Cameron , Putin warned against arming Syrian rebels "  who kill their enemies and eat their organs . " "  Do you want to support these people ? Do you want to supply arms to these people ? " Putin asked . Putin warns against arming organ-eating Syrian rebels Opinion : A new breed of terror in Northern Ireland The White House announcement last week that it was increasing the "  size and scope " of its material support to Syrian rebels came after months of political debate over the U.S. role in the conflict . Great Britain and France , two other G8 members , were strong backers of the May decision to end the European Union arms embargo on Syria , and both countries asserted that al-Assad 's regime had used chemical weapons before the United States did . The meeting between Obama and Putin Monday was the first time the two leaders have spoken face to face since last year 's G-20 summit in Mexico . "  It 's in Russia 's interest to join us in applying pressure on Bashar al-Assad to come to the table in a way that relinquishes his power and his standing in Syria , because we do n't see any scenario where he restores his legitimacy to lead the country , " Obama 's deputy national security adviser Ben Rhodes noted before Monday 's meeting . Other G8 nations have expressed similar viewpoints , calling on Russia to back United Nations intervention in Syria . Russia 's permanent position on the United Nations Security Council has made action through that body difficult for countries intent on removing al-Assad from power . After meeting with Putin on Monday , Obama said the possibility of negotiations remains on the table . "  We want to try to resolve the issue through political means , if possible , " Obama said . Before this week 's meetings , the U.S. president spoke by videoconference with the leaders of Britain , France , Italy and Germany to discuss "  ways to support a political transition to end the conflict " in Syria , the White House said . The White House has not yet publicly specified what exact steps it would take to support members of Syria 's opposition , though sources have told CNN small arms , ammunition and possibly anti-tank weapons would be part of the assistance package . On Friday , Rhodes said further discussions with other nations were necessary to determine next steps . Though Syria will likely dominate discussions behind the scenes at this week 's summit , leaders began the conference Monday by heralding a possible trade deal they said could create millions of jobs . The first round of negotiations for a trans-Atlantic trade agreement between the United States and the European Union will take place next month in Washington , Obama said . "  I believe that we can form an economic alliance as strong as our diplomatic and security alliances , " he told reporters after the leaders of eight of the world 's most powerful nations kicked off their meeting . "  The whole point of this meeting ... is to fire up our economies and drive growth and prosperity around the world . ... There 's no better way than by launching these negotiations on a landmark deal between the European Union and the United states of America , " Cameron said . Cameron , the host of this week 's conference , named the problem of tax avoidance by large corporations as a central issue for G8 leaders to resolve at this year 's summit . The British prime minister hopes to secure agreements among nations on sharing tax information , with the goal of ensuring global companies are n't able to dodge tax bills . The measure met resistance from firms ' chief executives , though Cameron said he 's willing to withstand corporate ire for a fairer global tax system . "  You do n't get anywhere unless you are prepared to give the lead and perhaps make a few enemies along the way , " Cameron said . "  In setting the G8 agenda around trade , tax and transparency , yes , you are taking on some vested interests , you are taking on some difficult decisions . But actually will it help both the developing world and us in the West ? I believe it can . " While in Europe , Obama will also likely be forced to defend U.S. Internet surveillance techniques that were disclosed in a series of newspaper articles in early June . The intelligence programs , which were previously considered top secret , involved large tech companies who operate globally , including Facebook , Google and Yahoo . Snowden says online he had to ` get out ' of the U.S. before leaks	NEW : On Syria , Putin says he and Obama "  agreed to push the parties to the negotiating table " NEW : Obama says it 's important to make sure chemical weapons do n't proliferate in Syria Cameron : G8 summit aims to "  fire up our economies and drive growth " Obama says negotiations for a U.S.-EU trade deal will start in Washington
Johannesburg , South Africa  CNN  -- Flicking through her photos on her living room couch , Julia Quinn recounts the array of plastic surgery procedures she has undergone . "  That is when I had my eye done again , a bump taken out of my nose , " she says , looking at a photo of her severely swollen face . There is n't much cosmetic surgery that this housewife from Surrey in the UK has not had done . A few years ago , feeling unhappy about the lines around her eyes and mouth , she first dabbled in surgery . She opted for a private clinic in the UK , but after a bad experience there she started looking around for alternative places to get the work done . That 's when she first discovered that South Africa offered the same procedures at a fraction of the cost , she says . "  You get a lot of good surgeons and dentists in South Africa , " says Quinn . "  It 's like a holiday -- you are looked after , the weather is fine . " January is a good time to flee the UK 's winter weather , so Quinn is heading back to Johannesburg for more work . This time it 's a mini facelift and more liposuction . In total , she will have spent nearly $ 15,000 on surgery in South Africa . She says should would have spent a lot more if she had continued to be treated in the UK . In a suburb in northern Johannesburg Lorraine Melvill is running around trying to organize hospital visits for her clients staying in her guest house . She started her business , "  Surgeon and Safari , " back in 2000 and since then she has had people from all over the world , including Quinn , come to her to facilitate their cosmetic procedures , and perhaps go on safari too . See also : School boy 's wildlife-tracking website helps safari tourists "  For most people in the first-world economies like the UK , and especially in America , their biggest desire is to go on African safari , " she explains , "  and yet their greatest want in their life was to have plastic surgery , so why not put the two together ? " Like most companies , however , Surgeon and Safari was hit by the global financial crisis , particularly as a number of Melvill 's clients were borrowing money to afford their procedures . She says : "  When there was a greater volume of people coming through then it was people who were borrowing money , for example , or using their credit cards to pay for the plastic surgery . So they were n't necessarily as educated or as financially secure , they were n't the typical baby boomer . "  So when the economic recession came along , that was the first market that dropped away because , obviously , there was a credit crunch , so that 's the first thing you stop spending your money on , something like plastic surgery . " However , whilst the United States and eurozone economies may have languished , Melvill says she has benefited from the growth of some African countries ' economies . "  There is a huge emergence of local Africans that chose to come to South Africa for elective surgery , whether it be breast reduction , tummy tucks , lipo , " she says . "  I would say one of the biggest countries is Zambia , " she adds . "  There is quite a big market coming out of Angola , Tanzania , Kenya , Ghana ... Their economies are growing and therefore their middle classes are growing and therefore the need increases . " See also : The New Hollywood ? Cape Town takes on Tinseltown Chetan Patel works at Johannesburg 's private Mediclinic , in Sandton . In the three years that he has been a private cosmetic and reconstructive surgeon , he says that he has also seen an increase in clients flying in from parts of sub-Saharan Africa . "  Certainly we are seeing people from very high income groups , " says Patel . "  From a regional African point of view , countries such as Nigeria , Ghana , the DRC , all play an important role where socio-economic factors all dictate that there are more and more people who can afford this kind of surgery and so we are seeing a larger amount of those people coming certainly to Johannesburg for that kind of surgery . " See also : South Africa bids to become call center capital These clients are very clear about what work they want done , says Patel . "  For instance , they would come to me and say ' I would like Jennifer Lopez 's butt ' or ' I would like to look like Kim Kardashian , ' and the obvious body features of those two individuals are curvaceous hips and thighs with an augmented or accentuated buttock . "  Other than that , I think more and more African women are conscious of what their lower bodies look like , so what their tummy looks like , so they would like tummy tuck procedures , for instance . " Cosmetic surgery is n't new to Africa -- after all , in 2005 , the wife of the former Nigerian President Olusegun Obasanjo died after having liposuction in a Spanish clinic . But Patel says that from what he is seeing this is no longer just the preserve of the super rich or political elites . "  It is not a necessity it is a luxury , so I see the trend -LSB- in having plastic surgery in -RSB- the next five to 10 years increasing amongst people from the rest of Africa , " he says . For now , though , it 's people like Quinn who are keeping Melvill and Patel busy ; repeat customers are the norm in the area of elective surgeries , Melvill says . But whilst Quinn will be having her surgery in South Africa , and will be recuperating in the sunshine , she has decided against going on safari . In fact , Melvill says that these days most of her clients opt instead to spend the day on a different type of safari ; they choose to visit the nearby designer shops .	Many foreigners choose South Africa as plastic surgery destination Nigerians and Ghanians among growing numbers of Africans choosing cosmetic surgery "  Surgeon and Safari " company , in Johannesburg , facilitates cosmetic procedures
Paris , France  CNN  -- About three dozen survivors of last month 's brutal attack on a Baghdad church have found refuge in France , where they have been given temporary status as asylum seekers . The 35 Iraqis , many of them with bullet and grenade wounds , arrived by plane in Paris on Monday night and were taken by ambulance to hospitals . Another group of 93 people is scheduled to arrive in the coming weeks , France 's immigration ministry said . French Immigration Minister Eric Besson said France was offering refuge to 150 victims of the attack as a gesture of friendship and support to Christians who face hardships . "  France supports their desire to remain and live in peace on their land , where they have lived for centuries , " Besson said . They will be issued a long-stay , renewable visa by the French Embassy in Baghdad , health coverage and a permit that allows them to work for at least six months . Besson said the government will help the Iraqis find jobs . A group called the Islamic State of Iraq claimed responsibility for the gruesome October 31 siege of the Sayidat al-Nejat cathedral that left 70 people dead and 75 wounded . The umbrella group includes a number of Sunni extremist organizations and has ties to al Qaeda in Iraq . Among the dead were women , children and two priests . It was one of the worst attacks against Iraq 's dwindling Christian minority in recent years . "  It was five hours of terror , five hours where we did n't know whether we were going to live or die , " said one of the survivors after arriving in Paris . Christians were once believed to have been a community of almost 1.5 million people in Iraq . But as many as half have fled the country since the war began in 2003 . Syriac Orthodox Archbishop Athanasios Dawood in Britain has criticized the Iraqi government for failing to protect its minorities and has urged Iraqi Christians to flee their homeland . "  I say clearly and now -- the Christian people should leave their beloved land of our ancestors and escape the premeditated ethnic cleansing . This is better than having them killed one by one , " said Dawood , according to prepared remarks he sent to CNN . The latest church attack victims are being welcomed as part of a French government program for Iraqis belonging to "  vulnerable religious minorities , " Besson said . Since the program began in 2007 , he said , France has welcomed 1,300 people under its auspices .	Some of the survivors are suffering from bullet and grenade wounds Another group of 93 Iraqis is scheduled to arrive in the coming weeks They are being welcomed as part of a program for "  vulnerable religious minorities " The number of Christians in Iraq is dwindling
CNN  Say what you will about the "  Sharknado " franchise , but there 's no doubt , it 's swimming in irony . Take a couple of a key casting choices announced this week . "  Shark Tank " star and Dallas Mavericks owner Mark Cuban will play the President of the United States in "  Sharknado 3 . " Care to venture a guess on his Veep ? Try political commentator Ann Coulter . It 's a match made in Twitter heaven . "  Will Ann Coulter Be Eaten Alive In Sharknado 3 ? " a hopeful sounding Political Pirate tweets . Yes , there actually is one , or as much as there 's ever been one . This time around a sharknado will tear into in the nation 's capital , before roaring down the Eastern Seaboard and into Florida . Anyone taking bets on how long Cuban and Coulter will last ? The first two "  Sharknado " films churned up a storm of laughs and flooded the Twitterverse with clever one liners . #Sharknado2TheSecondOne was the top-trending hashtag on Twitter the night it first aired . "  No sharks were harmed or actors paid in the filming of Sharknado 2 , " said Annie B. " #Sharknado2 was filmed in just 18 days , " tweeted comedian Jeff Dwoskin . "  Credit to everyone , it totally looks like a 24 day shoot . " There are a raft full of D-list celebrities in this one . Back are regulars Ian Ziering as Finley "  Fin " Shepherd , and Tara Reid as April Wexler . And a few other tasty offerings . Bo Derek plays the mother of Reid 's character , April . NSYNC 's Chris Kirkpatrick plays a pool lifeguard . And Jerry Springer appears as Mr. White , a manic tourist . "  Great fun being in #Sharknado3 , " the talk show host says . "  But -- spoiler alert -- it does n't end well for me . " With this cast , things should go swimmingly .	Social media explodes for "  Sharknado 3 " It will debut this summer on Syfy The storm will slam Washington , before heading to Florida
NEW YORK  CNN  -- Gov. David Paterson of New York has told state agencies to recognize same-sex marriages performed in states and countries where they are legal , his spokeswoman said Wednesday . The governor 's legal counsel told state agencies in a May 14 memo to revise policies and regulations to recognize same-sex marriages performed in California and Massachusetts as well as Canada and other countries that allow gays and lesbians to marry , said Erin Duggan , the governor 's spokeswoman . The memo informed state agencies that failing to recognize gay marriages would violate the New York 's human rights law , Duggan said . The directive follows a February ruling from a New York state appeals court . That decision says that legal same-sex marriages performed in other jurisdictions are entitled to recognition in New York . "  This was in direct response to a court ruling , " Duggan told CNN . "  Just to make sure all the state agencies are on the same page . " See what rules your state has about same-sex unions " Duggan says that the court 's decision was consistent with the findings of several lower courts in New York State . The governor 's legal counsel sent the memo one day before the California Supreme Court struck down a ban on gay marriage in that state . Court officials in California counties may begin issuing marriage licenses to same-sex couples on June 17 , state officials said Wednesday . Massachusetts legalized same-sex marriages in 2004 , and gay couples need not be state residents there to wed. . However , then-Gov . Mitt Romney resurrected a 1913 law barring non-resident marriages in the state if the marriage would be prohibited in the partners ' home state . Subsequent court and agency decisions have determined that only residents of Massachusetts , Rhode Island and New Mexico may marry in Massachusetts , unless the parties say they plan to move there after the marriage . New Hampshire , Vermont , New Jersey and Connecticut permit civil unions , while California has a domestic-partner registration law . More than a dozen other states give same-sex couples some legal rights , as do some other countries .	Memo : Failing to recognize gay marriages would violate New York 's human rights law The directive follows a February ruling from a New York state appeals court Massachusetts legalized same-sex marriages in 2004
PEOPLE.com  -- Though the couple went public with their engagement in October , little is known about the relationship between the daughter of the late grunge god Kurt Cobain , Frances Bean , and her fiancÃ © , Isaiah Silva , frontman of rock band the Rambles . "  We 're each other 's everything , " Silva , 26 , tells PEOPLE about Cobain , 19 , and himself . "  We 're homebodies . We do n't go out to clubs so you wo n't find us stumbling out of them with Lindsay Lohan . We stay at home , read books and watch ` Arrested Development . ' " Adds bandmate Mark Kuchell , "  They 're quiet and shy . They 're a great couple . Frances comes to most of our shows that she can get into . " One of the last was the band 's December set at the Viper Room , where Cobain and Silva were seen looking very loving and affectionate before and after the show . "  I love strong , opinionated , intelligent women , " says Silva , who spent the first 18 years of his life in the Fullerton Assembly of God group , a faction focused on strict Christian values and the second coming of Christ . "  Women in the -LSB- group -RSB- were totally oppressed , but I am very pro-woman . " Silva and his family severed ties with the group when he was 18 . Despite Silva 's unconventional upbringing , he fought for his individuality when he gravitated toward punk music , learned to play the guitar with pals and "  always had long hair and always dyed it . " "  I had to grow up much faster than I would have liked , " he adds . "  I 've been through a lot . But now , I 'm totally happy . " Catch the Rambles at SXSW in Texas in March and look out for their upcoming EP , recorded with producer Keith Stegall  Zac Brown Band  . See the full article at PEOPLE.com . © 2011 People and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	The couple went public with their engagement in October "  We 're each other 's everything , " Isaiah Silva , 26 , tells PEOPLE "  I love strong , opinionated , intelligent women , " says Silva
CNN  -- Pep Guardiola surely faces the most thankless task in world football after Bayern Munich clinched a historic treble on Saturday , adding the German Cup to the Champions League and Bundesliga crowns . The Spaniard , who was named as Bayern 's next coach back in January , will take over a team that has conquered Europe and its domestic rivals , with the 3-2 win over Stuttgart giving the departing Jupp Heynckes a perfect sendoff . The 68-year-old is widely expected to retire , though he has also been linked with a return to Real Madrid -- where he won the Champions League in 1998 -- after guiding the Bavarians to 45 wins from 53 matches this season . Stuttgart never looked like inflicting Bayern 's fourth defeat of the campaign after going 3-0 down after an hour , with Thomas Muller netting a first-half penalty and striker Mario Gomez scoring twice against his former club in what could prove to be his final game for Bayern . Austrian Martin Harnik struck twice to give Stuttgart hope in front of more than 74,000 fans at Berlin 's Olympic Stadium , but Bayern held on for a 16th victory in the knockout competition to become the first German side to complete such a treble . Guardiola helped Barcelona become the first Spanish club to win a hat-trick of titles in 2011 , but was unable to follow that up last season before standing down . Barca completed this season in style on Saturday , beating Malaga 4-1 to equal Real 's points record of 100 and beat the club 's best goals tally -- scoring 115 in 38 La Liga games . Striker David Villa , Cesc Fabregas and young defender Martin Montoya all netted within 16 minutes , while veteran midfielder Andres Iniesta curled in a spectacular second-half effort before substitute Pedro Morales pulled one back for Malaga . Eric Abidal came on to make his final appearance for Barca , with the French defender being released despite making his comeback in April following a liver transplant . Villa 's future is also in doubt , with Barca having signed Brazil forward Neymar from Santos last week . Malaga manager Manuel Pellegrini is also on the move , being widely expected to join English club Manchester City . The Chilean announced last month that he is leaving the Spanish club , which ended the season in sixth place and reached the Champions League quarterfinals . Jose Mourinho 's three-year tenure at Real Madrid ended with a 4-2 win at home to Osasuna , which left his second-placed side 15 points behind Barcelona . The Portuguese coach , who is expected to rejoin English club Chelsea , was booed by large sections of home fans before the match -- though others held banners thanking him -- and he was surrounded by photographers every time he ventured from the dugout . He has divided opinion at the Santiago Bernabeu after being unable to follow up last season 's title , or deliver Real 's long-awaited 10th European title -- and the Copa del Rey final defeat against Atletico Madrid was the last straw as he agreed to leave by mutual consent . Despite Mourinho 's apparent dressing room rift with former captain Iker Casillas and other key Spanish players , Real defender Alvaro Arbeloa said the 50-year-old deserved respect . "  We respect his decision , the club 's too , and wish him well . We all know that we have taken a major leap in competitiveness and we knew we could have achieved a lot , but due to small details or bad luck it was not to be , " Arbeloa said . "  He has had his successes and failures , as we have all had , but he gave his all and defended Real Madrid above everything . " Real Sociedad snatched a place in the Champions League qualifying rounds , winning 1-0 at Deportivo la Coruna to ensure Valencia missed out after a 4-3 defeat at Sevilla . Striker Alvaro Negredo scored all four goals for mid-table Sevilla as visiting Valencia dropped to fifth place despite a second-half double from forward Roberto Soldado . The defeat relegated second bottom Deportivo , while Mallorca also went down despite winning 4-2 against Valladolid . Celta Vigo moved out of the bottom three with a 1-0 win over Espanyol , but Zaragoza ended the season at the foot of the table after losing 3-1 at home to third-placed Atletico .	German Cup final victory gives Bayern Munich a hat-trick of titles this season Mario Gomez scores twice in 3-2 victory over his former club Stuttgart Spanish champions Barcelona farewell Eric Abidal with win over Malaga Jose Mourinho 's three-year reign at Real Madrid ends with home victory
U.S. student Amanda Knox and her former Italian boyfriend Raffaele Sollecito have had their sentences in the murder case of British student Meredith Kercher upheld by an Italian court . Knox , who is currently living in the United States , had her sentence increased to 28 years and six months . Sollecito , who returned to Italy during the trial , was sentenced to 25 years . Why were Knox and Sollecito back on trial ? In 2009 , they were convicted of killing Kercher , 21 , who was found stabbed in November 2007 in the villa that she and Knox rented in the central Italian university town of Perugia . The convictions of Knox , from Seattle , and Sollecito were overturned in 2011 for "  lack of evidence . " But Italy 's Supreme Court decided in March 2013 to retry the case , saying the jury that acquitted them did n't consider all the evidence and discrepancies in testimony needed to be answered . What was different about this trial ? Despite the ruling of the Supreme Court , there was little difference in the evidence or details of the case , and prior to Thursday 's verdict it was unclear how presiding judge Alessandra Nencini would rule . When Knox was first convicted of murder , there was outcry in the U.S. that she was wrongfully convicted , based on shoddy evidence . When she was acquitted , there was nearly as much of an outcry in Italy that the courts had succumbed to American pressure . Timeline : Kercher murder case Did the defendants attend the retrial ? The retrial began on September 30 without either of them in court . Sollecito was in the Dominican Republic at the start of the retrial but returned to Italy . He took the stand in November , defending himself . "  I would like to make you understand that these charges against me are absurd , " he said . "  There was not a basis to charge me , to put me in jail . ... I do n't wish anybody on Earth to go through what I went through . " He said that evidence against him -- including a knife that was a key part of the prosecution 's case -- was "  an illusion . " Knox returned to Seattle after her 2011 acquittal and has been living there since . She says she is afraid to return to Italy , where she spent four years behind bars . She again maintained her innocence in a written statement to the Florence court . "  I must repeat to you . I 'm innocent . I did not rape , I did not steal ... I did not kill Meredith , " Knox said a lengthy e-mail , written in Italian , which was presented to the court by her lawyer . What will happen to Knox now ? Despite Thursday 's verdict , the case is not necessarily closed . Either side can appeal a verdict they are unhappy with , under Italy 's three-strike trial system . This could also mean the case would continue with no immediate outcome . Even though Knox was convicted this time around , it is unclear if she will return to Italy . CNN 's legal analyst Sonny Hostin said that U.S. law dictates that a person can not be tried twice on the same charge . "  Because of this tension between Italian and U.S. law it is unlikely that U.S. law will extradite her . When the fight begins those are the grounds that U.S. attorneys will be arguing . " However , another legal expert disagreed . "  They always forget she was convicted first , " Julian Ku , who teaches transnational law at Hofstra University in New York , told Agence-France Presse . If Italy does file an extradition request with the U.S. State Department , Knox will have the right to challenge her transfer to Italy in a U.S. court . "  The chances of her winning that are not high because there has to be some very strong claim she 'd have to make to block her extradition , " Ku added . "  I followed the trial , it was slow but I never got the sense that it was unfair , " he said . Harvard law professor Alan Dershowitz added : "  As popular as she is here and as pretty as she is here -- because that 's what this is all about , if she was not an attractive woman we would n't have the group love-in -- she will be extradited if it 's upheld . "  The Italian legal system , though I do n't love it , is a legitimate legal system and we have a treaty with Italy so I do n't see how we would resist , " he told AFP . "  We 're trying to get  fugitive NSA leaker Edward  Snowden back -- how does it look if we want Snowden back and we wo n't return someone for murder ? " he asked . There is a valid extradition agreement between Italy and the U.S. , but the U.S. has not set much of a precedence in returning suspects for such matters . Italians point to a number of high-profile cases over the years in which they say American suspects have been accused of wrongdoing and criminal acts , but have been let off lightly . In 1998 , an American military jet clipped a ski lift cable , sending a gondola of 20 passengers to their deaths in the Italian Dolomite Mountains . Italian prosecutors wanted the crew of the jet tried in Italy , but an Italian court ruled they should face courts-martial in the U.S. , in accordance with NATO treaties . The aircraft 's pilot and navigator were found not guilty of involuntary manslaughter , even though the military admitted the plane had been flying lower and faster than authorized . When it emerged that a video that captured the accident from inside the plane had been destroyed , they were dismissed from the Marine Corps . Italians were outraged , referring to the incident as the "  massacre of Cermis . " In another incident that raised tensions , Egyptian cleric Abu Omar was seized off the streets of Milan in 2003 and smuggled to Egypt , where he says he was tortured and released four years later . Although Italy did not request the extradition of any of the suspects , 22 CIA agents were convicted in absentia of the kidnapping and sentenced to prison time for their role in the abduction , but none ever served time in Italy . What will happen to Sollecito now that he has been found guilty for a second time ? Because Sollecito is an Italian citizen and currently living in Italy , he will not have to face extradition . He is unlikely to be jailed until his appeal has been heard -- and that could take months -- but authorities ordered that his passport be revoked . Hours later Italian authorities stopped Sollecito in the northern Italian town of Udine , near the border with Austria and Slovenia , police said . What has been the reaction of Kercher 's family ? The Kercher family has welcomed the ruling , which overturns the previous decision to acquit Knox and Sollecito . "  They are tired of this and want justice , " Francesci Maresca , the family 's attorney , said . "  I think we are still on the journey to the truth , " said Kercher 's sister Stephanie . "  I think it may be the fact that we do n't ever really know what happened that night , which is obviously something we will have to come to terms with . " Lyle Kercher , Meredith 's brother , said the family may have to wait until spring 2015 for a final resolution , since the verdicts reached Thursday can still be appealed at Italy 's Supreme Court . "  Nothing is going to bring Meredith back , nothing will take away the horror of what happened for her , " he said . "  The best we can hope for is finally bringing this whole case to a conclusion , having a conviction , and everyone can move on with their lives . " Editors ' Note : This article has been edited to remove plagiarized content after CNN discovered multiple instances of plagiarism by Marie-Louise Gumuchian , a former CNN news editor .	Knox and Raffaele Sollecito resentenced in the Meredith Kercher murder case Kercher was found stabbed in 2007 in a villa she rented with Knox in Perugia , Italy Knox and Sollecito 's 2009 murder convictions were overturned on appeal in 2011 Legal expert tells CNN that it is unlikely the U.S. would allow Knox to be extradited to Italy
CNN  -- Left-leaning Nicaraguan President Daniel Ortega , leading the polls in a three-man race , looked poised to win re-election on Sunday . Ortega cast his ballot shortly after polls opened . They closed at 7 p.m. ET , with early results expected Sunday night . Nicaragua 's constitution bars presidents from being re-elected , but that did not stop Ortega from running in his sixth straight presidential race . He was first elected as president in 1985 , and ran unsuccessfully in 1990 , 1996 and 2001 before being elected again in 2006 . Ortega is known as an ally of Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez and was a public supporter of former Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi during the uprising there . But recently , he has reached for the middle , making overtures to the business class and promising to lure foreign investors into the country . "  Our government program is the one in practice now and the one we have to improve , strengthen  and  develop , " Ortega said recently . For Ortega 's backers , continuity will guarantee that social and economic programs will keep on . They want to see more investment in infrastructure , technology and more public housing , projects often financed through Venezuela . He came to power as part of the Sandinista rebels who overthrew the Somoza dynasty in 1979 , and he represents the Sandinista National Liberation Front . His detractors accuse Ortega of having too much influence over the Supreme Electoral Council and the Supreme Court of Justice , which allowed for his candidacy . Yet his popular support remains high . "  From my point of view , it has been a good government and we hope to keep working in this way , " said one voter , Julio Lara , ahead of the election . Another voter , Magdalena Miranda said , "  I think he has done much to help the poor . " Ortega 's closest challenger is Fabio Gadea , who until recently was known as a radio-station owner and journalist , and as creator of the popular Nicaraguan radio character "  Pancho Madrigal . " Gadea ran on the Independent Liberal Party , which includes support from former Sandinista backers who in the past may have supported Ortega . "  We have proclaimed that we are going to make an honest government , a revolution of honesty that will end corruption , and with the end of corruption we can start to fix all the problems , " Gadea said before the vote . Those who consider Ortega 's candidacy unconstitutional say they found a strong candidate in the 80-year-old Gadea . "  He is the man who all Nicaraguans can confide in to defeat " Ortega 's party , resident Marlene Castillo said . "  He is the one who respects our rights , now we do n't have fear like before , " said Wilfredo Treminio . Running third in polls ahead of the election was Arnoldo Aleman , a former president who represents another liberal party . But some of those supporters have joined the ranks of Gadea 's party . After leaving office , Aleman was convicted of corruption during his term and sentenced to 20 years in prison in 2003 , but in a controversial 2009 decision , the nation 's top court overturned the conviction .	NEW : Early results are expected quickly Ortega 's opponents are backing two competing candidates Ortega was first elected president in 1985
