CNN  -- For most of his 70 years , Hesiquio Trevizo has been a man of good will , preaching the word of God . These days , the Roman Catholic priest is a self-described capitan de la guerra -- a war veteran . That he should feel so within the confines of the sanctuary tells all about the violence and pervasive fear that have gripped the border city of Ciudad Juarez , Mexico . "  None of us are entirely safe from organized crime . Not even priests , " Trevizo says . He laughs , awkwardly . Trepidation leaks out with every word . Perhaps the most important aspect of his job as a priest makes him a potential target for organized crime . Criminals know that grisly details of violence have spilled out in the privacy of the confessional , and crime bosses would rather not have those details repeated or remembered . A bloody war between Mexico 's drug cartels has changed every facet of life in places such as Juarez , where death figures compare to those in war-ravaged Baghdad or Kabul . Even the untouchable aura of clerics in the world 's second-biggest Catholic country is being challenged . In 2009 , more than 2,575 people were homicide victims of organized crime . As of Monday , 230 killings had been recorded in Juarez this year , state attorney general 's office spokesman Arturo Sandoval told CNN . All of the estimated 1.4 million residents in Juarez -- just across the border from El Paso , Texas -- have been affected , if only indirectly , by an escalating turf war between the Sinaloa cartel and the Vicente Carillo Fuentes cartel , better known as the Juarez cartel . The fallout , mainly over Juarez 's trafficking route , has turned once-close allies into deadly rivals . Until about 2001 , the two cartels operated with mutual respect , navigating the territory almost harmoniously and sometimes working together to transport drugs from the region to the insatiable market of drug users in the United States . But now , a crackdown by President Felipe Calderon , coupled with dissolved trusts among key cartel members , have created knee-jerk chaos . Gangs affiliated with the cartels have heightened the violence as they fight for turf in street-level sales , Juarez Mayor Jose Reyes Ferriz told CNN . Juarez was once a city where innocents were safe , but that memory is fading fast . Even those who are n't aligned with the drug trade have been targeted , among them priests . They were once revered in Mexican communities , but a collar is not protection anymore in the violent clashes over territory and power . Trevizo , who ought to fear nothing , watches his back . He agreed to be interviewed by CNN , but balked at being photographed or even having a photo of his church published , citing safety concerns . Suspicions dictate his decisions . He closes the doors to his church earlier . At Sunday Mass , he asks parishioners to enter through a specific door rather than flock in from every direction . The church offices are dead-bolted shut . The paralysis-like atmosphere spills onto the streets , shops and residences of Juarez , where incredulous people peep through window blinds and seemingly creep by in the streets . Many residents escape from populated parts of town during the day and often stay home after dusk . Life goes on amid the violence , and added precautions are taken in stride . Sometimes , Trevizo wonders who among his flock might leave the church and pick up an assault weapon . He does not know whether there are killers who step inside the sanctuary . But he knows there are victims . He attended the funeral of a lawyer who was assassinated . During the procession , the lawyer 's daughter was gunned down before Trevizo . The convoy she was in , which followed her father 's casket , was ambushed by gunmen as it approached the cemetery . Trevizo said he did n't know whether she was the target , but the lawyer was an outspoken critic of organized crime . Trevizo was uneasy when asked for other details . "  I ca n't explain to you what it 's like to go to the funeral of someone you 've prayed with , " he said . But he mentally braces for more of the same . Two weeks before Christmas , a gunman roughed up a priest at a nearby church . The attacker fled with the priest 's wallet and mobile phone . Sometimes in Juarez , violence happens because it can , because no one will think it extraordinary . Two weeks ago , the body of a sacristan -- a person charged with taking care of a church -- was found with fatal stab wounds in a church in western Juarez . No motive was apparent , a police spokesman told CNN . There are those who take advantage of the chaos in a place like Juarez , Trevizo says . Some crimes are committed by petty thieves who pass themselves off as cartel members . "  Not all crime is organized , " he said . Trevizo spoke with CNN days after Juarez diocese Bishop Ascensio de Leon read an open letter to more than 1,000 parishioners at his church for Sunday Mass. . The letter , written by the bishops of Mexico , addressed organized crime . In the speech , Ascensio called for organized criminals to give up their lifestyle and turn to God . He also said priests in Juarez are now being extorted and threatened by organized criminals . To ensure that priests do not repeat what parishioners tell them , drug traffickers are sending a message . "  Yes , there have been some priests that have received threatening phone calls from narcotraficantes . Not me , but others . Bishop Ascensio has . I 've been lucky . We 're not necessarily singled out by them . We 're victims like every other citizen . No more , no less , " Trevizo says . At least seven priests have been violently killed in Mexico since 2005 , including being kidnapped , shot and beaten . Organized crime has been suspected in some of those cases , according to Manuel Corral , public relations secretary for Mexico 's Council of Bishops . He estimated that 1,000 of the 15,000 priests in Mexico have been threatened in some way , and that 300 priests have been threatened directly . In June 2009 , the killings of a Catholic priest and two seminary students as they left a church in southern Mexico sparked outrage . The priest was reportedly singled out for denouncing cartel violence . He had rallied congregants to rise up against drug traffickers . Especially in rural villages across Mexico -- where drug traffickers reign like kings and the military has no presence -- it is the Catholic Church and evangelists who are left as outspoken critics . However , in some of Mexico 's poorest villages , it is unclear how closely the church and organized criminals operate . Some critics say churches have received large donations from traffickers . For Trevizo and his brethren , faith is still central to much of life . But fear tests that faith , including the fear of being powerless to make things better . CNN 's Arthur Brice and Mariano Castillo contributed to this report .	For Hesiquio Trevizo , fear of violence permeates his work and church Trevizo : "  None of us are entirely safe from organized crime . Not even priests . " He closes the doors to his church earlier ; church offices are dead-bolted shut Juarez bishop : Drug traffickers do n't want to take risk of confessions being repeated
CNN  -- It has been five years since Mohammad Z. left Syria to train as a doctor in Detroit . He works long hours . He 's big on hockey . He 's devoted to the Red Wings . He 's immersed in America , yet his heart is with Syria and the Syrian people . It 's hell inside Syria . But for Mohammed and other Syrian expatriates who want to end the regime of Bashar al-Assad , this is a kind of golden moment . Ethnic and religious and political divisions are melting away to serve one shimmering goal . "  I ca n't tell you how many wonderful Syrians I have met here who 've devoted their money and time to see a democratic , free Syria , " said Mohammed , whose last name is being withheld by CNN to protect his brother and parents in Syria . "  You see the Christians , the Muslims , the nonreligious people ; you see people from different ethnic backgrounds : Arabic , Assyrian and Kurds . " An underground newspaper in Syria recently published an essay of Mohammad 's . In it , he wrote , "  The revolution has brought us together , and we had scattered in loneliness . " For Mohammad and many other Syrian expatriates , there is no going back to the old Syria . For them , Syria has to change . "  These are people who 've been exposed to the American culture and brought up in an environment -- even in Syria -- where there was Internet and dishes and satellites and they can see how the rest of the world lives , " said Naser Danan , a Cleveland-based doctor with the Syrian Expatriates Organization . While the expat group has members in other Arab countries and in Europe , Danan estimated that a majority of the 600 or so members are young doctors in the United States -- ironic , because al-Assad himself has a medical degree . The group supports an end to al-Assad 's regime , though it does n't act as a political opposition entity . Members raise money to buy food and medicine for Syrians caught in the violence , and they speak in public about what 's going on in Syria . Cancer researcher Hazem Hallak recently spoke to a group of high-school students in Ardmore , Pennsylvania . When one of the students asked how he reacts to the latest videos coming out of Syria , Hallak said he does n't watch anymore . He explained why by describing the last video he watched from Syria . Someone recorded Syrian soldiers invading a house looking for the husband of the household . When they did n't find him , Hallak said , they cut off the head of his young son , hung it in the doorway and told his wife , "  This is what will happen to your husband if he does n't turn himself in . " Last May , Hallak 's brother , a doctor in Syria , was arrested and killed -- his body mutilated -- after he returned from a trip to the United States . A few expatriates in the United States are part of the Syrian National Council , the group that many Syrians consider to be the official political opposition . One of them is George Netto , a cancer specialist who teaches and practices at Johns Hopkins University in Baltimore . Netto , who is Christian by birth , said he joined the opposition group "  to show it 's really the entire spectrum of the Syrian people fighting the regime : Christian , Sunnis , poor , rich , educated and noneducated ... we wanted to burst that bubble they 're trying to depict that it 's only armed radicals or armed gangs . " In Detroit , Mohammad said he was going to anti-al-Assad rallies even before the Syrian secret police , the Mukhabarhat , arrested his brother who was protesting in Syria . Mohammad said the police kept his brother locked up for three months . He said they interrogated him and tortured him from day one .  Listen to Mohammed read his brother 's essay about that time After three months , the police let Mohammed 's brother go to make room for a wave of new prisoners . But as soon as he was freed , he returned to protesting . Mohammad said he would not tell his brother to stop protesting . If he were in Syria now , he said , he would do the same thing . "  This is not only an uprising , " he said . "  It 's an epic , a human epic that 's being written by the Syrian people . "	Syrian expatriates across the world are uniting against the regime of Bashar al-Assad Their mission is cutting across ethnic and religious lines Many Syrians are raising money in the U.S. and speaking about the crisis
CNN  -- Soccer stars will face a more systematic regime of drug testing following world governing body FIFA 's decision to introduce biological profiles for players . The move comes as global sport is trying to crack down on drug cheats in the wake of recent doping scandals . Lance Armstrong 's loss of his seven Tour de France titles , followed by his admission of using performance-enhancing substances in an interview with Oprah Winfrey , brought the problem of drug use by athletes to worldwide attention . And last week Australia was stunned by a government report which alleged many professional athletes are using forbidden drugs often supplied by organized crime groups . In Spain , the Operacion Puerto trial is now underway following an investigation , which began in 2006 , into the widespread doping network operated by Dr. Eufemiano Fuentes . Now FIFA is taking steps to address any possible use of banned substances within football , announcing its plan to bring in biological profiles following discussions between president Sepp Blatter and his World Anti-Doping Agency  WADA  counterpart John Fahey on Thursday . The profiles , similar to the biological passports used within cycling , will first be run at June 's Confederations Cup -- a warmup tournament for the 2014 World Cup , also being held in Brazil . Biological profiles are built up by collating an athlete 's drug test results over time , therefore making it easier to detect differences which could indicate the use of a banned substance . "  We are very interested in continuing the work on biological profiles , " Fahey said in a FIFA statement released Friday . "  WADA is very satisfied with the commitment of FIFA on the biological profiles , which will be run not only at the FIFA World Cup in 2014 but already at the FIFA Confederations Cup in June this year . " In an interview with CNN , Fahey said he saw no reason why football and other major team sports could n't introduce biological profiles . "  I would like to see , particularly team sports , take up the athlete 's biological passport , " said Fahey . "  There is absolutely no reason why not in the major codes of football , and in the major sporting events right throughout the world . "  That will do a lot to stamp out doping in sport , and most of those major codes can easily afford the cost of running  a biological passport  program and doing it well . " FIFA said a total of 662 urine samples had been taken across different competitions last year , namely the FIFA U-20 women 's World Cup , FIFA U-17 women 's World Cup , FIFA Futsal World Cup , FIFA Club World Cup , Brazil 2014 qualifiers and men 's and women 's Olympic football tournaments . "  To date , there has been one adverse analytical finding at a FIFA World Cup qualifier in October 2012 , " read the FIFA statement . "  We have been testing this at the FIFA Club World Cup in 2011 and 2012 , we will continue at the FIFA Confederations Cup 2013 with blood testing unannounced at training camps and games , " said FIFA 's Medical Committee chairman Dr. Michel D'Hooghe . "  And it 's our commitment to have all players participating at the 2014 FIFA World Cup having biological profiles . " FIFA said doping controls will be in place at 114 of the 820 qualifying matches for Brazil 2014 played worldwide , with 456 samples being taken . "  At these selected matches , four players are to undergo a doping control and out of those selected , one is drawn for EPO , " continued the statement . EPO is a hormone which aids the production of red blood cells , helping athletes train harder for longer . "  There is always more which can be done in the fight against doping , but we know FIFA has always been serious in this domain , " added Fahey in the statement . "  We think the leagues can complement what FIFA is already doing , but we came here to thank FIFA for its collaboration . "	FIFA will introduce biological passports to combat doping in football Global sport has been rocked by several recent doping scandals World Anti-Doping Agency calls for team sports to introduce biological passports 456 samples taken from 114 of the 820 qualifying matches for Brazil 2014 World Cup
CNN  -- Manager Jose Mourinho was sent off as Italian leaders Inter Milan crashed to a 2-1 defeat at title hopefuls Juventus on Saturday night . Second-placed AC Milan are now four points adrift of their city rivals after a 3-0 home crushing of Sampdoria , who remained in fifth . Ten-man Juve went third , five points behind Inter , after ending the defending champions ' eight-match unbeaten run in Serie A. Brazil midfielder Felipe Melo was credited with the 20th-minute opening goal in Turin as he deflected in a free-kick from compatriot Diego , and Mourinho was ordered from the dugout following his protestations about the foul being awarded in the first place . Cameroon striker Samuel Eto'o leveled six minutes later with a header from Dejan Stankovic 's cross , but new Italy international Claudio Marchisio gave the home side victory in the 58th minute after goalkeeper Julio Cesar blocked a shot by midfielder Mohamed Sissoko . Melo was sent off with three minutes left for his second yellow card after aiming an elbow at Mario Balotelli , who was also booked for his theatrical reaction . The defeat was a blow to Inter 's confidence ahead of Wednesday 's Champions League showdown with Russia 's Rubin Kazan at the San Siro , with the winner earning a place in the knockout stages . AC Milan scored all three goals in the first half as striker Marco Borriello , who used to play for Sampdoria 's city rivals Genoa , headed the opener in the first minute from Ronaldinho 's cross . The Brazilian was in fine form , and also set up the second goal for Clarence Seedorf in the 21st minute as he threaded a neat pass to the veteran Dutch midfielder . Ronaldinho 's compatriot Alexandre Pato made it 3-0 just two minutes later with his seventh goal of the season , netting at the second attempt after goalkeeper Luca Castellazzi blocked his initial effort following a header on by Borriello . It was Milan 's fifth successive victory , with coach Leonardo taking Ronaldinho off at halftime as a precaution due to a slight knee problem ahead of Tuesday 's Champions League trip to FC Zurich , which will determine whether the Rossoneri qualify for the knockout stages . Sampdoria slumped to a third defeat in a week , having been knocked out of the Italian Cup by lowly Livorno in midweek following the embarrassing 3-0 derby defeat to Genoa last weekend .	Jose Mourinho sent off as Italian leaders Inter Milan lose 2-1 at Juventus Manager ordered from dugout for his protests following the opening goal by Juve Third-placed Juventus are now five points behind the defending champions Second-placed AC Milan are four points behind their rivals after beating Sampdoria 3-0
A new report claiming to be the most comprehensive look at global slavery says 30 million people are living as slaves around the world . The Global Slavery Index , published by the Australia-based Walk Free Foundation , lists India as the country with by far the most slaves , with an estimated nearly 14 million , followed by China  2.9 million  and Pakistan  2.1 million  . The top 10 countries on its list of shame accounted for more than three quarters of the 29.8 million people living in slavery , with Nigeria , Ethiopia , Russia , Thailand , Democratic Republic of Congo , Myanmar and Bangladesh completing the list . In terms of countries with the highest of proportion of slaves , Mauritania in West Africa topped the table , with about 4 % of its 3.4 million people enslaved , followed by Haiti , Pakistan , India and Nepal . READ MORE : Mauritania -- slavery 's last stronghold The index , whose authors claim it contains the most authoritative data on slavery conditions worldwide , is the product of Australian mining magnate and philanthropist Andrew Forrest 's commitment to stamp out global slavery . Forrest , ranked by Forbes as Australia 's fifth richest man , with an estimated net worth of $ 5.7 billion , adopted the cause after his daughter volunteered in an orphanage in Nepal in 2008 , where she encountered victims of child sex trafficking . Forrest is a signatory to the Giving Pledge started by billionaire investor Warren Buffett , whose members commit to donating at least half their wealth to philanthropic causes . The index , which draws on 10 years of research into slavery and was produced by a team of 4 authors supported by 22 other experts , is the inaugural edition of what will be an annual report . It ranks 162 countries according to the number of people living in slavery , the risk of enslavement and the robustness of government responses to the problem . Walk Free policy and research manager Gina Dafalia told CNN the report was intended to shine a spotlight on the issue , and quantify the extent of the problem in different countries before anti-slavery initiatives were launched . So far , she said , Walk Free , along with partners Humanity United and the Legatum Foundation , had pledged a total of $ 100 million to stamp out the practice . READ MORE : CNN 's Freedom Project "  When we started working in this area we realized that we did n't have a good understanding of what exactly the situation of slavery is in the world , " she said . "  We needed that information before we started doing any interventions . " The index gives a higher estimate of the global number of slaves than other reports -- a report by the International Labor Organization last year pegged the number at 20.9 million . Dafalia said this was a result of the Global Slavery Index using a broader definition of slavery , which included human trafficking , forced labor , as well as practices such as forced marriage , debt bondage and the exploitation of children . "  Our definition of modern slavery includes , for example , forced and servile marriage , a concept not included in the ILO estimate , given the focus on ` forced labor , ' " she said . The explicit definition used in the report was "  the possession and control of a person in such a way as to significantly deprive that person of his or her individual liberty , with the intent of exploiting that person through their use , management , profit , transfer or disposal . Usually this exercise will be achieved through means such as violence or threats of violence , deception and/or coercion . " Kevin Bales , one of the report 's authors and co-founder of Free the Slaves , said that the global number of slaves was difficult to quantify . But through methods including random sample surveys , researchers were able to arrive at an estimate . "  We were able to go to households and say ` Has anything like this happened to anyone in your family ? ' " he said . He believed the index , which he hoped would provide "  a bit of a wake-up call " to the world 's governments , had a margin of error of between 5-10 % . "  We always erred on the conservative side . " Asked why 30 million continued to live in conditions of slavery in 2013 , Dafalia said the reasons varied from country to country , but one constant was that it remained a "  hidden problem . " READ MORE : No life for a child -- the grim reality of Nepal 's child laborers In some of the worst-hit countries , the report said , the affected parties were citizens ensnared in endemic , culturally-sanctioned forms of slavery -- "  the chattel slavery of the Haratins in Mauritania , the exploitation of children through the restavek practice in Haiti , the cultural and economic practices of both caste and debt bondage in India and Pakistan , and the exploitation of children through vidomegon in Benin . " In other examples , including Nepal , Gabon and Moldova , it was migrants who were most vulnerable to exploitation . In many examples , noted the report , child and forced marriage was prevalent and child protection practices weak . It noted that in India , the country with the most slaves , the risk of enslavement varied markedly from state to state . The Middle East and North Africa , it said , showed the highest measured level of discrimination against women , with one result being a high level of forced and child marriages within the region , and widespread exploitation of trafficked women as domestic workers and prostitutes . Vulnerable male migrants also frequently found themselves in exploitative working conditions . READ MORE : Modern day slavery in the Gulf In contrast , said Bales , countries like Brazil led the world in anti-slavery efforts . "  It has a national plan to eradicate slavery . It has a dirty list where it has every company that 's ever had slavery pollute their products , they have special anti-slavery police squads . " He rejected the suggestion that the term "  slavery " was an overly emotive or misleading way of defining people who were trapped by crushing poverty . "  I spend a lot of time talking to people who have been or are in slavery , and when you talk to them about it , they know what the situation is , " he said . "  We 're not talking about bad choices , we 're not talking about crummy jobs in a sweatshop . We 're talking about real life slavery -- you ca n't walk away , you 're controlled through violence , you 're treated like property . "	A new report claims 30 million people are living as slaves globally India , China , Pakistan , Nigeria and Ethiopia had the most slaves Mauritania , Haiti , Pakistan , India and Nepal had the highest proportion of slaves The index is published by a group committed to stamping out slavery
The Frisky  -- There exists a school of thought that dictates if you think something catastrophic , then it wo n't happen . What would happen if my family died in a car accident ? What would happen if my house caught on fire ? "  What makes men connect with the girl of their dreams after sparking with me ? " the author asks . Two summers ago , I asked myself : Would n't it suck if my first love met someone unexpectedly and got over me before I could begin to move on ? Thankfully , my family and my house are safe , but my feelings , my love life , and my ego still need mending . "  I met someone . " The text message appeared on the screen of my phone and I stopped walking . A group of my friends and I were leaving the movie theater , and it was as if all feelings he had for me were obliterated in one night . We broke up because he was studying in Europe . Poetically , we had expressed our feelings for each other just two nights before . Then he became someone else 's boyfriend , and remained so , for much longer than he and I lasted . I should 've known it would happen , since it happens quite often . My first kiss , who refused to be my boyfriend , met the girl of his dreams while I still ached for him . They 're still together today . Since then , I 've been the second choice for several more men . The most recent ones occurred this summer , when I tried and failed to win the heart of my friend Ken -- he started dating the person that he truly liked instead of settling for me . I lost Brian to his ex-girlfriend  although , in that case , I think they belonged together anyway  . Each time , I laughed one of those sad , desperate guffaws -- here we go again ! What makes men connect with the girl of their dreams after sparking with me ? Another concept may be more applicable to my situation : the idea of a self-fulfilling prophecy . Perhaps I 'm so aware of my "  magic touch " that I 'm making it happen . While the first love arrived in Europe , I even warned him what may happen . At the time , though , he waved the thought away . "  I 'm so picky , I rarely really like a girl like I like you , " he typed . A month later , he must 've been pleasantly shocked to discover my unfortunate power reached across the Atlantic Ocean . When Ken told me he was dating Mary , I was angry I 'd let this happen to me again . I raged at him . He argued that it 's irrational to use my past experience to predict the outcome of my future relationships  or my attempts at them  . I 'm sure that there 'll be a guy someday who does n't find me easy to move on from , but in the meantime I ca n't ignore the pattern and pretend that each time was a coincidence , as Ken had wanted me to do . I do n't know if there is a way to avoid the seemingly inevitable . Each time I let my hopes conquer my superstition , there 's a crash , a burn , a deflation , and the temporary loss of the ability to giggle , but I choose the chance of being the girl before the girlfriend over giving up the chance for breaking my streak . TM & © 2009 TMV , Inc. | All Rights Reserved	Author 's ex-boyfriend meets someone else before she can get over him She lost Brian to his ex-girlfriend and her friend Ken to another girl Author : Maybe it 's a self-fulfilling prophecy "  I choose the chance of being the girl before the girlfriend , " she says
CNN  -- The smells of oil , tires and hard work surround Monwabisi Bokwe as he stands on the Volkswagen production line . He 's one of the thousands of employees at the auto plant in the South African town of Uitenhage , a cog in Eastern Cape 's crucial sector : car manufacturing . "  It 's not easy working in this industry , it 's got its challenges , " says Bokwe . "  But I frequently go to the Western Cape and when you see a VW car go down the road and you tell your friend that you were part of that process that puts the car together ... that fills you up with pride . " Regional economy After a decade working with Volkswagen cars , Bokwe has seen a lot . As a production operator at the factory in South Africa 's self-proclaimed Garden Town , he 's not far from the ocean in a province known for its auto-sector . "  If you look at the Eastern Cape it 's one of your poorest provinces in the country , " says Bokwe . "  My understanding is that we 've got about three car factories in the Eastern Cape and I can not imagine what kind of province we would have had those factories not been in the Eastern Cape , " he continues . David Powels , a native of the region and VW 's managing director in South Africa , says auto-companies in the area are catalysts for economic growth . "  Whilst we employ 4,000 people , we create a multiply effect through the economy , " he says . One way this effect is made manifest is in the number of companies making car components in the area . In fact , the Eastern Cape Development Corporation says there are 40,000 auto-sector jobs in the province , 75 % of which are created by supplier companies . And it 's not just the jobs VW creates that makes it popular in South Africa . The company 's products dominate the roads , accounting for almost 23 % of South Africa 's passenger car market according to the National Association of Automobile Manufacturers of South Africa . That means the company sold more passenger cars in South Africa than any other brand -- a title VW celebrated for the fourth consecutive year in 2012 . But VW is not the only global car brand with production plants and ambition in the region . Auto giants like Toyota , Ford and General Motors have big operations in the Eastern Cape . While Ford is focused on making engines in the country , Toyota has produced some of their best-selling cars in South Africa . The region puts together half of the country 's passenger vehicles , according to the Eastern Cape Development Corporation , but it is also essential for other markets . Over half of South Africa 's vehicle exports are produced there . Engines of growth What 's changing is where these cars are being sold . While America and Europe have been the key markets , these days more cars are being exported to other African markets . In fact , African countries are the second biggest market for car components made in South Africa after the E.U. It 's this aspect of the market that executives think will drive growth . Brian Olson , vice president of sales , services and marketing at General Motors , says that Africa 's middle class will be buying two and a half million new cars a year by 2020 . Given that current new sales are around 1.7 million vehicles , he 's optimistic about Africa 's future . The auto sector makes up about 7 % of South Africa 's economic output -- a crucial chunk . With the Eastern Cape being so key to the country 's vehicle exports , some compare it to America 's Motor City : Detroit . "  We have Mercedes , GM , Ford and Volkswagen with all the production in the Eastern cape province , " says Powels . "  So to some extent we could fairly say that we are the Detroit , but with that comes quite a responsibility . If you look at the history of Detroit , it 's gone into decline because of the over dependence on the auto-sector and the number of companies in the auto-sector that went through the very difficult times , " he continues . "  The auto-sector is an anchor tenant in the province , we are an important driver of growth -- but we have to recognize that that brings risks . " Risky Business Challenges are fresh in the minds of the region 's auto executives . In 2013 weeks of strikes meant production lines lost over 45,000 vehicles which translated into lost revenues of about R20 billion -- approximately $ 1.8 billion . It was only after the NAAMSA union , which represents auto workers , negotiated a new pay deal that workers went back to the factories . Another serious issue weighing on the minds of car manufactures is the disposable income in consumers ' pockets . Indeed , the union says that 's why the latest data shows new vehicle sales are falling . With sales of new vehicle at 55,722 in August 2014 , they 're down 1.4 % compared to the same period last year . And these difficulties are clear to executive and workers alike . "  If the Eastern Cape had to close down all its factories , " Bokwe reflects , "  we will not be a ghost town -- we will become a ghost province . "	The Eastern Cape provides 51 % of South Africa 's vehicle exports Approximately 40,000 people are employed in the Eastern Cape 's auto-sector The auto sector makes up about 7 % of South Africa 's economic output African countries are the second biggest market for South Africa 's automotive component exports
The overall death toll in devastated Syria has surpassed an estimated 60,000 people , the United Nations said Wednesday , a dramatic figure that could skyrocket as the civil war persists . To put it in perspective : 60,000 people is roughly the population of Terre Haute , Indiana ; or Cheyenne , Wyoming . It 's how many people would fit in Dodger Stadium , and it 's more than the 50,000-plus U.S. combat deaths in Vietnam . The figure is about 15,000 higher than the death toll CNN had cited from a collection of sources . It 's "  truly shocking " and shameful , said U.N. High Commissioner for Human Rights Navi Pillay , who blamed the international community for inaction . "  Collectively we have fiddled at the edges while Syria burns , " she said . "  While many details remain unclear , there can be no justification for the massive scale of the killing highlighted by this analysis . " Inside Syria , anti-government activists brought their personal perspective to the new death estimate : "  No wonder ! " Hama activist Mousab Alhamadee said . "  We live on the ground and we see the massacres daily . " Western and Arab nations have denounced President Bashar al-Assad 's regime , but they have been been reluctant to intervene in hopes of ending the warfare . What 's next for Syria in 2013 ? They have n't been successful in forging tough action against Syria at the U.N. Security Council because of opposition from Russia and China , both of which have long had friendly relations with and economic ties to Damascus . While some countries have passed along weapons to the rebels , the larger world community has avoided being drawn into a war , fearing a bloody quagmire , such as the Vietnam War for the United States or the invasion of Afghanistan for the Russians . Echoing the fears of U.N.-Arab League envoy Lakhdar Brahimi , Pillay worried about more deaths "  unless there is a quick resolution to the conflict . " "  I fear thousands more will die or suffer terrible injuries as a result of those who harbor the obstinate belief that something can be achieved by more bloodshed , more torture and more mindless destruction , " she said . Pillay said the number of deaths is higher than expected . "  This massive loss of life could have been avoided if the Syrian government had chosen to take a different path than one of ruthless suppression of what were initially peaceful and legitimate protests by unarmed civilians , " she said . "  As the situation has continued to degenerate , increasing numbers have also been killed by anti-government armed groups , and there has been a proliferation of serious crimes including war crimes , and -- most probably -- crimes against humanity , by both sides . " The 60,000 , she said , "  is likely to be an underestimate of the actual number of deaths . " Citing the discovery of mass graves in newly liberated government bases , Alhamadee , the activist , said : "  The number I think is far greater than this , and lots of people are missing . " "  The recording and collection of accurate and reliable data has grown increasingly challenging due to the conflict raging in many parts of the country , " Pillay said . Rupert Colville , a U.N. spokesman , agrees that the number "  is probably a minimum " and reflects a killing field of war crimes . "  There 's not a shadow of doubt now that war crimes and crimes against humanity have been committed . That said , in each individual case , the final judgment has to be made by a court . It 's hard to quantify at this point , " he said . "  This is a classic case of a conflict that 's spiraling downwards , becoming ever more ghastly . We 've seen this before in the Balkans and other places . The worse it becomes , the more difficult it is to resolve . " Ahawa , who posted a reaction on CNN.com 's comment section , sees a dark future for Syria , regardless . "  Syria is doomed , no matter who wins , the terrorist rebels or the terrorist regime , the country ... will take tens of years to rebuild , ' Ahawa wrote . "  Even if Assad is toppled in the next few months , sectarian fighting will still go on for years . " Wimcorbijn , another CNN.com commenter , accused Western and Arab nations of wanting to topple al-Assad at any cost . "  I think the best bet for Syria now is to keep Assad as leader , " wimcorbijn wrote . "  It is the right time for  countries such as Brazil , Russia , India , China and South Africa  to step in and support to help to defeat the rebels . Once the rebels are defeated , they can force to introduce democracy as well as political reforms in Syria . " Air attacks , shelling , tank fire , bomb attacks , street-to-street fighting and sectarian fighting have all contributed to the rising toll , Pillay said . Deaths have increased from 1,000 a month in the summer of 2011 to more than 5,000 a month since July , she said . Deaths have been most prevalent in Homs , the Damascus outskirts , Idlib , Aleppo , Daraa and Hama . More than three-quarters of the victims are male , and 7.5 % are female , Pillay said . The gender of the others is n't clear , and analysts could n't "  differentiate clearly between combatants and non-combatants . " The inability of the U.N. Security Council and the international community to stop the violence "  shames us all , " she said . Read more : Syria 's grim toll continues into 2013 Death estimates have varied among opposition groups that have issued daily counts . For example , the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights says more than 46,000 people have died since March 2011 . U.N. data specialists counted 59,648 people reported killed in Syria between March 15 , 2011 , and November 30 , 2012 , Pillay said . Scores of deaths were reported every day in December . Related : 2013 prediction : 100,000 deaths Latest clashes On Wednesday , fighting sent the daily death toll higher . More than 207 people were killed , mostly in and around Damascus , according the opposition Local Coordination Committees of Syria . Syrian government warplanes hammered the Damascus suburbs and other targets . At least 74 people died and dozens were wounded in the Damascus suburb of Mleiha when government planes carried out an airstrike on a fuel station , the LCC said , citing initial reports . The toll of "  martyrs " will probably rise "  due to continuous pulling of the bodies from under the rubble , " the LCC said . Aerial shelling also was reported in the Damascus suburb of Harasta , in the cities of Aleppo and Deir Ezzor and other locations . In Idlib province , Syrian rebels , including jihadists , fought to wrest a key military air base from government forces Wednesday , the opposition said , as anti-regime fighters kept up the heat on al-Assad 's forces . Al-Nusra Front , a militant group that the United States designated last month as a terrorist movement , is among three rebel factions attacking the base , rebels said in a statement . "  The battle to liberate Taftanaz military airport has started , " the rebels said . "  Taftanaz airport has been delivering horrors to Muslims . The warplanes fly from there on a daily basis , to throw explosive barrels on villages and towns . " Read more : Deadly day in Syria as diplomats talk The other factions participating in the effort are Battalions of Ahrar Al-shaam and the Islamic Forefront . Ahrar is an Islamist coalition with some Salafist elements that cooperates with the Free Syrian Army . The Islamic Forefront is a larger umbrella group of Islamist organizations ; one of its members is Ahrar . About 400 soldiers are based at the airport , along with a number of pro-government militia . At the base are 30 planes , including transportation craft and fighting jets ; seven armored vehicles , including tanks and armored personnel carriers ; artillery and rocket launchers . Casualties have been reported on both sides in the fighting , but precise numbers were not available because the government has restricted international journalists ' access . Read more : Refugee figures fail to give true picture of Syria crisis Read more : Marriage destroyed by war	United Nations ' Navi Pillay : "  We have fiddled at the edges while Syria burns " Syrian planes hit Damascus suburbs and other targets , killed dozens at a fuel station Al-Nusra Front is among three factions attacking the Taftanaz military air base in northern Syria The militant group is a cover for al Qaeda in Iraq , the U.S. State Department says
Washington  CNN  -- U.S. President Barack Obama met Monday night with his national security team on Afghanistan and Pakistan , the White House announced . It was the ninth meeting of the president 's war council to consider whether to send more troops to Afghanistan , as requested by the U.S. commander on the ground there . The White House made no statement after the meeting ended at 10 p.m. ET  0300 GMT  . The meeting included Vice President Joe Biden , Defense Secretary Robert Gates , Joint Chiefs of Staff Chairman Adm. Michael Mullen , Afghanistan commanding Gen. Stanley McChrystal , U.S. Ambassador to Afghanistan Karl Eikenberry and other senior officials , the White House said earlier . At the last war council meeting -- on November 11 , Veteran 's Day -- Obama pushed for revisions in proposed plans for troop increases to clarify how and when U.S. troops would turn over responsibility to the Afghan government . Obama would seek answers to the questions he posed on November 11 about "  not just how we get people there , but what 's the strategy for getting them out , " White House spokesman Robert Gibbs said before the meeting . No matter what happened at the meeting , Gibbs said , Obama will not announce a decision on troop deployment until at least next week . One option calls for sending about 34,000 more U.S. troops to Afghanistan in addition to the 68,000 already committed to the country , with other options involving variations of that plan , sources told CNN . Before the November 11 meeting , Gen. David Petraeus , the top U.S. military commander in the Middle East , told CNN that the decision-making process was approaching completion . Petraeus emphasized the need to focus on the mission of ensuring that Afghanistan "  does not once again become a sanctuary or safe haven for al Qaeda and the kind of transnational extremists that carried out the 9/11 attacks . " The Obama administration has expressed concerns about Afghanistan President Hamid Karzai 's viability and has ratcheted up pressure to end corruption in order to combat an intensifying Taliban insurgency . Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , on a trip to Afghanistan last week to attend Karzai 's inauguration after his recent re-election , reiterated the U.S. concerns in a dinner meeting with Karzai and encouraged him to seize the "  clear window of opportunity " before him at a "  critical moment " in Afghanistan 's history . The United States and other countries are increasing their civilian presence in Afghanistan to bolster efforts to stabilize the country , the the U.S. special representative to Afghanistan and Pakistan , Richard Holbrooke , told reporters on Monday . Asked about the corruption problem , Holbrooke noted that some Afghan government ministers have "  extraordinary records " of accomplishment . The United States will work with those ministers , while recognizing that years of civil war and social woes have weakened overall leadership capabilities in Afghanistan , he said . "  This is one of the main reasons we 're increasing our civilian role , " Holbrooke said . "  And it 's extremely delicate to get the mix right . We want to help the Afghans help themselves . We do not want to replace a sovereign government with internationals . " Republican opponents are pushing Obama to quickly agree to McChrystal 's reported request for up to 40,000 additional troops in Afghanistan as part of a counterinsurgency strategy . "  This wo n't be perfect or easy , but it will allow America 's fighting men and women to leave Afghanistan with honor , and it will enable Afghans to build a better , more peaceful future , " said a letter to Obama from 10 Republican senators sent on Veteran 's Day .	NEW : White House makes no statement after meeting ended Obama will not announce decision until at least next week Meeting included Biden , Gates , Mullen , McChrystal , Eikenberry , White House says Obama wanted clarification on how , when U.S. troops would turn over responsibility
CNN  -- Unrest has spread across the Middle East and North Africa . Here 's a look at what has happened -- and what is happening -- in various countries : ALGERIA Authorities in Algeria said Monday that they would lift a 20-year state of emergency in the "  coming days . " They acted after anti-government protesters chanting "  change the power ! " clashed with security forces in the capital over the weekend , witnesses said . The state of emergency was imposed in 1992 to quell a civil war that led to the deaths of what U.S. officials estimate to be more than 150,000 people . About 100 protesters were arrested during the protests in Algiers on Saturday , according to the opposition Algerian League for Human Rights . BAHRAIN Protests were scheduled to take place Monday afternoon in the Persian Gulf nation of Bahrain , where at least three police officers and one demonstrator were injured in clashes Sunday , the state new agency reported . The injuries occurred during an attack on a police station during protests Sunday evening , the news agency said . After three officers were injured , police fired on protesters with rubber bullets , causing one injury , the news agency said . EGYPT Unrest persisted in Egypt on Monday even after an 18-day revolution toppled longtime President Hosni Mubarak , who stepped down Friday . Egypt 's banks remained closed Monday after protests by National Bank workers apparently drove out the head of the institution . The nation 's stock market remained closed until further notice because of turmoil in the banking sector . In addition , current and former police officers continued a peaceful protest Monday in front of the Interior Ministry , saying they want higher pay , shorter hours , better benefits and more respect . And some police officers told reporters they were ordered to shoot protesters during demonstrations last week and threatened with prison if they did not . IRAN Tens of thousands of demonstrators marched along Revolution Avenue in downtown Tehran on Monday , protesting the government of Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad , witnesses said . The wave of people remained largely silent as they walked toward the capital city 's Azadi Square , though some clashes between security forces and demonstrators broke out in several parts of Tehran , according to witnesses . Security forces fired tear gas in some places and detained demonstrators in other areas of the city . The Iranian government rounded up activists last week after opposition leaders Mehdi Karrubi and Mir Hossein Moussavi called for supporters to gather at Azadi Square -- the site of mass protests by Iran 's opposition movement after the disputed 2009 presidential elections . IRAQ Thousands of people rallied this month in cities across the country , protesting rampant poverty , a 45 % national unemployment rate and shortages of food , electricity and water . Most recently , hundreds of angry demonstrators took to the streets of Ramadi -- about 60 miles  100 kilometers  west of Baghdad -- to protest the government 's inability to provide basic services . After the protests began , Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki announced he would cut his salary in half amid the growing unrest over poor public services and water shortages . State television also reported this month that al-Maliki would not run for a third term when his current one expires in 2014 . JORDAN U.S. Adm. Mike Mullen , chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , traveled over the weekend to Jordan , where King Abdullah II swore in a new government last week following anti-government protests in his country . The new government has a mandate for political reform and is headed by a former general , with several opposition and media figures among its ranks . The appointment of new Prime Minister Marouf al Bakhit was seen as an attempt to shore up support among Jordan 's Bedouin tribes -- the bedrock of the monarchy . Jordan 's economy has been hard-hit by the global economic downturn and rising commodity prices , and youth unemployment is high , as it is in Egypt . Officials close to the palace have told CNN that Abdullah is trying to turn a regional upheaval into an opportunity for reform . LIBYA There were calls made through Facebook for a day of peaceful demonstrations in Libya on Monday . The protests come in the shadow of leader Moammar Gadhafi , who has ruled the country for almost 40 years and had expressed support for former Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak during the crisis there . It was not immediately clear Monday whether protests had taken place . PALESTINIAN TERRITORIES Prime Minister Salam Fayyad 's Cabinet submitted its resignations to Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas on Monday , days after the announcement of new elections in September . The Palestinian Territories have not seen the same kind of demonstrations as in many Arab countries , but the government has been under criticism since Al-Jazeera published secret papers claiming to reveal some of the wide-ranging concessions Palestinian officials were prepared to make in negotiations with Israel . Negotiations have collapsed . Abbas ' Palestinian Authority holds sway only over the West Bank . The militant Islamist movement Hamas controls Gaza . SYRIA As protests heated up around the region , the Syrian government pulled back from a plan to withdraw some subsidies that keep the cost of living down in the country . President Bashar al-Assad also gave a rare interview to Western media , telling The Wall Street Journal for a January 31 article that he planned reforms that would allow for local elections and also included a new media law and more power for private organizations . A planned "  Day of Rage " that was being organized on Facebook for February 5 failed to materialize , The New York Times reported . SUDAN Demonstrators have clashed with authorities on several recent occasions in Sudan . Human Rights Watch has said that "  authorities used excessive force during largely peaceful protests on January 30 and 31 in Khartoum and other northern cities to call for an end to the National Congress Party rule and government-imposed price increases . " Witnesses said that security forces used pipes , sticks and tear gas to disperse protesters and that several were arrested , including 20 who remain missing . The Sudanese Embassy said that people in Sudan have the right to "  demonstrate as they wish " but that "  some opportunists capitalize " on incidents "  to inspire chaos or smear Sudan 's image . " TUNISIA The European Union 's top foreign policy official , Catherine Ashton , met Monday with government and civil society leaders in Tunisia , the North African country where protests in December sparked unrest that has spread across North Africa and the Middle East . After weeks of demonstrations that started in December , longtime President Zine El Abidine Ben Ali fled the country . Since then , Italy has complained about a wave of migrants from Tunisia coming into its territory . YEMEN Clashes broke out between pro- and anti-government protesters in Yemen 's capital , Sanaa , for at least the third day in a row Monday . About 200 anti-government protesters were confronted by about 300 counter-demonstrators , and the two sides threw rocks at each other and brandished daggers and knives . Several protesters were arrested . On Sunday , hundreds of anti-government protesters marched toward the presidential palace , but were blocked by security forces . Protesters attempted to reach the palace on side streets , and riot police reportedly used force in attempting to disperse them . Human rights group Amnesty International condemned the use of force in a statement issued Monday . Clashes also erupted Friday night and Saturday . Yemen 's Embassy in Washington said the opposition coalition had announced its intention to hold a dialogue with the administration . Yemeni President Ali Abdullah Saleh has been in power for 32 years and has pledged not to run for re-election when his current term ends in 2013 .	The winds of unrest have sailed through North Africa and the Middle East The demonstrations started in Tunisia in December The leaders of Tunisia and Egypt have resigned amid mass protests Protests happened Monday in Bahrain , Egypt , Iran and Yemen
T+L  -- When Sekani gave birth to Adelina , she celebrated like most proud mothers , with a baby shower , a gift registry , and a Facebook page for showing off photos of the adorable girl . Except that Sekani and Adelina are western lowland gorillas who live at the Little Rock Zoo . More than 800,000 animals live at U.S. facilities accredited by the Association of Zoos and Aquariums , and every year , thousands of those animals have babies . We 've scoured the country to select the class of 2012 : cute animals like Adelina that were born recently and to much fanfare . Because let 's face it : zoo babies are innately irresistible . Just try not to smile while looking at a baby panda . "  Scientists believe humans are programmed to find baby animals cute because they remind us of our own young , " says Chris Eastland , co-founder of ZooBorns.com , a website that obsessively chronicles baby zoo animals , and co-author of "  ZooBorns : The Next Generation . " T+L : World 's most visited museums The first gut reaction is to squeal and ogle at these adorable critters , who quickly reveal their own personalities and habits . But it 's worth paying closer attention , too , as many have fascinating backstories . Read on for more heartwarming stories and photos of newborn animals at zoos near you . Lulu , Masai Giraffe , Cincinnati Zoo Lulu was a social media star before she was even born . As her mother , five-year-old Tessa , delivered her in October 2012 , every detail was live-tweeted on Twitter with a #giraffebirth hash tag that quickly went viral . At 8:27 a.m. , followers learned that the 150-pound calf was out . At 9:14 a.m. , they found out that she stood up for the first time . And at 9:44 a.m. , they heard that she was nursing . Those who want to glimpse Lulu and Tessa "  IRL "  that 's "  in real life "  can visit mom and baby at the Giraffe Ridge exhibit . Xiao Liwu , Giant Panda , San Diego Zoo Xiao Liwu is the sixth giant panda cub to be born at the San Diego Zoo from mama bear Bai Yun . His name means "  little gift "  cue the "  awws " !  and was selected by thousands of fans who participated in an online vote . These days , you can catch Xiao Liwu toddling around the Panda Trek habitat as he learns to walk . T+L : America 's least and most attractive people Kito , Grévy 's Zebra , Lincoln Park Zoo , Chicago Kito means "  jewel " in Swahili , and this adorable zebra colt is certainly a prized animal at Chicago 's Lincoln Park Zoo . The energetic , long-legged youngster lives with his mom , Adia , and spends his days prancing around his yard in the Antelope & Zebra Area . Gat and Lita , Cheetahs , Smithsonian National Zoological Park , Washington , D.C. Gat and Lita came into the world , this spring , under harrowing circumstances . Their mother , Ally , 5 , birthed Gat , then underwent a cesarean section to deliver three more cubs , but only one , Lita , survived . Mom and the two cubs spent several days afterwards in intensive care and have since fully recovered -- and bonded . Cheetahs are the fastest land animals , and because they were born in an Olympics year , the cubs were named after the speediest American man and woman at the London Games . "  Gat the Cat " takes his name from Justin Gatlin , who won bronze in the men 's 100-meter sprint , and "  Lita the Cheetah " was named after Carmelita Jeter , who won silver in the women 's 100 meters . Bexley , Matschie 's Tree Kangaroo , Saint Louis Zoo Though he was born in early 2012 , Bexley , a Matschie 's tree kangaroo , only recently started venturing from his mother 's pouch to walk around and explore . As he gets bigger , the furry marsupial will be able to jump great distances , too -- tree kangaroos , native to Papua New Guinea , can leap as much as 30 feet , from a treetop to the ground . Amur Tigers , Columbus Zoo , Ohio Mara , 5 , and Foli , 9 , became the parents of two male cubs in June 2012 . They weighed just two to three pounds apiece and were placed into intensive care when one did not nurse for a dangerously long time . Luckily , the two youngsters are now healthy and living together in their habitat . The orange-and-black-striped cuties are still waiting on their names  the rights to name them were recently auctioned off at a zoo fundraiser  , but in the meantime , they 're happy to pass their days eating , dozing , and exploring their surroundings . Southern Hairy-Nosed Wombat , Brookfield Zoo , Illinois This little one emerged from her mom 's pouch so recently that , as of November 2012 , she has yet to receive a name . The Brookfield Zoo 's female wombat is the fourth child of 12-year-old Kambora , who was born at the San Diego Zoo , and the second of Wilbur , 20 , from Australia , the native country of wombats . This rambunctious baby lives at the Brookfield Zoo 's Australia House and likes staying close to mom -- sometimes even clambering onto her back . T+L : The world 's strangest animals Qinisa , Elephant , San Diego Zoo Safari Park This playful elephant calf is hitting developmental milestones faster than any other pachyderm at San Diego Safari Park ; at one week old , she was already using her trunk to pick up objects . Maybe it was only natural for a baby whose name means "  to act with determination " in Siswati . Qinisa 's mom , Swazi , was one of four elephants who were rescued from a game park in Swaziland in 2003 . Karoo , Black-Footed Cat , Brookfield Zoo , Illinois Love cats ? Then you 'll swoon for Karoo , the Brookfield Zoo 's big-eyed black-footed cat . The species is the smallest of all the African felines ; grown black-footed cats are about half the size of your average domestic tabby . Like most felines , Karoo spends lots of time catnapping , but when he 's awake , he 's up and about and curious about his human guests . Adelina , Western Lowland Gorilla , Little Rock Zoo , Arkansas One could say that Adelina is Arkansas 's most popular primate . After she was born from mom Sekani , 21 , and dad Fossey , 26 , the western lowland gorilla received her very own baby shower , complete with a Target registry that allowed zoogoers to buy her gifts , such as blankets and dried fruit . Adelina also has her own Facebook page , where fans can keep up with her whereabouts . View the rest of the gallery Planning a getaway ? Do n't miss Travel + Leisure 's guide to the World 's Best Hotels Copyright 2012 American Express Publishing Corporation . All rights reserved .	Playful baby animals are popular at U.S. zoos -- and online Much fanfare often accompanies the birth of zoo animals The tiny creatures are cute by design , says Chris Eastland of ZooBorns.com
CNN  -- Peer at the windows and you 'll spot big colorful chairs , plastic plants and a huge bed , but this is no department store . Welcome to the hip headquarters of Skyscanner , Europe 's most popular flight search engine -- a hot-house of IT talent with an average employee age of 32 . Leading the team is CEO Gareth Williams , who broke the golden rules of web start-ups . At first , there was no business model , just a bright idea . And , we 're not in sunny Silicon Valley , California . It 's another damp day in Edinburgh , Scotland . "  We probably went largely on instinct , " said Gareth , "  you 're supposed to use market research and a business model in mind , and we had neither of those things . "  We did n't know how we 'd make money from the idea and we were just going on instinct that other people would like this , " he added . Read more : Is Greece finally on the mend after economic crisis ? Frustrated at the time it took to find cheap flights to visit his brother in France , the 44-year-old programmer spent a week building a Microsoft Excel spreadsheet , the first version of Skyscanner . The next step was convincing the airlines to offer access to their schedules and fares . Gareth realized many customers will check Skyscanner first , before choosing to book directly with the airline 's website . That creates valuable leads for the carriers . "  The quantity of traffic leads we send is so high , -LSB- and -RSB- the relative cost of our other distribution channels is so low that it 's a really a great deal for them , " he said . And the proof is in the numbers . Skyscanner says it 's broadly doubled either users or revenue each year . Twenty-five million people search the site every month , leading to exponential expansion and new offices in Singapore , Beijing , Miami and Glasgow . Read more : Europe would have suffered without single currency Its future growth will be fueled by investment from Sequoia Capital , which has had a hand in Google and Apple . Sequoia has valued the company at $ 800 million . "  It is recognition of what 's possible anywhere in the world , " says Gareth . "  But it 's also recognition of what we see , and presumably they do too , that we 've barely scratched the surface . Transport , tourism and hospitality is over 10 % of the world 's GDP , so the information needs are huge . "  We 've barely begun on our journey , and the fact we 're doing it outside Silicon Valley is an indication of an increasing trend . " Watch more : Supplying Germany with cheap , clean energy The future , says Williams , is to make travel booking as intuitive as buying a book . In essence , it 's making the web do more of the work . That includes offering suggestions based on previous travel , or even calendar entries , dragged across into the site . Voice recognition is another area of interest . Read more : How saffron could save Greek farmers Skyscanner sees itself as a global player , rather than a Scottish business . Nonetheless , the country is engaged in a ferocious debate about its future , with a referendum on independence next year . The implications on doing business in Europe are still unclear . "  I ca n't do anything about it , so I ignore it and work on the things that affect me , " said Williams . "  We 're very proud to have originated in the port area of Leith . In terms of the European and local economies it will do what it will do . Death , taxes , Google and the economy , I have no control over . " Read more : Serbian confectioner enjoys sweet success But Williams does have control over his surroundings . With his table tennis tables , meeting pods , barista coffee machines and staff perks like language classes , he has taken a little bit of Google and planted it in Edinburgh . Surrounded by university talent , this employer is helping to stem a brain drain out of the capital . "  We 're right next to Edinburgh University which has one of the best computer science departments in Europe , if not the world , and having access to the graduates and the postgraduates coming out of there is a massive accomplishment for us , " says Gareth . "  Silicon Valley is undoubtedly a very special place , but the world outside Silicon Valley combined is much bigger . "	Venture capital firm Sequoia Capital has valued Skyscanner at $ 800 million Skyscanner sees 100 million searches a month , half of which are from repeat customers Employs over 300 staff globally with offices in Singapore , Beijing , Miami and Glasgow
PARIS , France  CNN  -- Friends and relatives of the 216 passengers and 12 crew members on Air France Flight 447 are coming to terms with the news that wreckage from the flight was found in the Atlantic Ocean . Eithne Walls , who danced with Riverdance on Broadway , was aboard Air France flight 447 . Among those on board were a member of Brazil 's former royal family , a one-time performer with the Riverdance troupe , a Rio city official , executives from major international companies and an 11-year-old British schoolboy . Pedro Luis de Orleans e Braganca , 26 , was a descendant of the family that ruled Brazil until 1889 , a branch of the former Portuguese royal family . The Orleans and Braganca family considered him to be fourth in line to the throne . Pedro Luis was the oldest son of Prince Antonio and Princess Christine , the family said . He was the only member of the family on the flight , his relatives said . Eithne Walls , who danced with Riverdance on Broadway , was also on the plane , said Julian Erskine , senior executive producer of the troupe . "  I never saw her without a smile on her face , " Erskine said in a statement . "  It is hard to believe that such a bright light could be quenched so early and while burning so brilliantly . " She joined the Irish dance troupe in 1998 and performed with them for most of a decade , studying medicine at the same time , Erskine said . Watch CNN 's Paula Newton report on families awaiting news of Air France Flight 447 " "  Anyone who traveled with Eithne will remember the medical books always on the go and her constant attention to her studies , " he said . "  Without doubt she was someone with a rich future stretching out ahead of her . " The wife one passenger said Tuesday she was only beginning to come to grips with the likelihood that he is dead . "  I have to say , maybe today I 'm realizing he might not come back , " Patricia Coakley told a reporter about her husband , Arthur . The structural engineer and designer had completed a business trip to Rio de Janeiro , Brazil , and was flying to Paris , France , on his way back to their home in Whitby , North Yorkshire , near England 's northeast coast . Coakley said her husband hated his cell phones and usually left them switched off . "  But yesterday it was ringing , so maybe they 're not at the bottom of the sea . That 's my hope . But I think it 's maybe fading today . " He had originally planned to return home on May 19 , but his boss asked him to stay in Brazil until Sunday , she said . "  He should n't have been on that flight , " she said . "  He should have been on the earlier flight . " In a telephone call he told her he was excited about returning to see their three children and their plans to go on vacation Friday to the Greek island of Corfu , she said . "  All his stuff 's ready should he turn up , " she added . "  We had so many plans , and they 've taken it all away , have n't they ? " she asked rhetorically , without identifying "  they . " "  God would n't be so cruel . " She described her husband as a religious man . "  It used to drive me mad . He used to read the Bible every night . And if he thought he was going to get pissed -LSB- drunk -RSB- , he used to read it before he left the house . " The two loved to travel , and he would ask her , "  Where should we go next , darling ? " she recalled . But they had been based in England for 25 years to give their children a sense of stability , she said . "  His priority was sea view and mine was trees and we found it , " she said , pointing to both , her eyes welling . "  It was just going to be repainted next week . " Thinking about the moment when an apparent catastrophic failure caused the jet and its 228 occupants to plunge into the ocean , she said , "  I hope Art was asleep and I hope he was n't frightened . " "  I know if he was awake , he would have been thinking of us . " The passengers on Flight 447 also included Marcelo Parente , chief of staff in the office of Rio de Janeiro 's mayor . Two executives of Michelin , one of the world 's leading tire manufacturers , also were aboard the plane , a Michelin spokeswoman said . They were Luiz Roberto Anastacio , president of Michelin Latin America , and Antonio Gueiros , another top regional executive . Michelin employee Christine Pieraerts was also among the passengers , the company said . The spokeswoman said that Michelin was saddened by the tragedy . Alexander Bjoroy , 11 , was on his way home to England after a vacation in Brazil , the headmaster of his school said . He was a "  well-liked and respected boarder who will be sorely missed by his fellow pupils and staff , " said John Milne , the head of Clifton College Preparatory School in Bristol , England . Milne expressed the school 's "  deepest sympathies " to the boy 's family . The passengers included 61 people from France , 58 Brazilians , 26 Germans and people from 29 other countries , Air France said . An official list of victims by name was not available early Tuesday , but two Americans -- Michael Harris , 60 , and his wife , Anne , 54 -- were identified by the couple 's family and his employer . "  Anne and Mike were indeed a beautiful couple inside and out , and I miss them terribly already , " said Anne Harris ' sister , Mary Miley . Michael Harris was a geologist in Rio de Janeiro for Devon Energy , a U.S.-based natural gas and oil producer , according to a company spokesman . The Harrises were traveling to Paris for a training seminar and vacation , Miley said . CNN 's Isa Soares , Helena DeMoura , Alysen Miller and Lianne Turner contributed to this report .	Member of Brazil 's former royal family among 216 passengers on missing plane One-time performer with Riverdance troupe , British schoolboy also aboard Air France flight disappeared over Atlantic after taking off from Brazil Majority of the presumed dead came from Brazil , France and Germany
March 17 , 2015 Today 's program takes you to Vanuatu to show you why recovery efforts are so difficult in the hurricane-stricken nation . We 're also visiting a U.S. city that just officially logged its snowiest winter since it started keeping records , and we 're exploring a U.S. Army facility charged with the task of safely eliminating U.S. chemical weapons . Plus , see how two American rivers are "  going green " as part of St. Patrick 's Day celebrations . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript and a place for you to request to be on the CNN Student News Roll Call . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show . ROLL CALL For a chance to be mentioned on the next CNN Student News , comment on the bottom of this page with your school name , mascot , city and state . We will be selecting schools from the comments of the previous show . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call ! Thank you for using CNN Student News !	This page includes the show Transcript Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary At the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on CNN Student News . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call .
Editor 's note : Actor Rainn Wilson plays paper salesman Dwight Schrute in the television comedy "  The Office . " Rainn Wilson says fellow members of his Baha'i faith are being persecuted in Iran . CNN  -- Why is Rainn Wilson , "  Dwight " on "  The Office , " writing a news commentary for CNN ? Good question . It 's a bit strange for me , to say the least ; a comic character actor best known for playing weirdos with bad haircuts getting all serious to talk about the persecution of the fellow members of his religious faith . Dear readers of CNN , I assure you that what I 'm writing about is no joking matter or some hoax perpetrated by a paper-sellin ' , bear-fearin ' , Battlestar-Galactica obsessed beet farmer . I am a member of the Baha'i faith . What is that , you ask ? Well , long story short , it 's an independent world religion that began in the mid-1800s in Iran . Baha'is believe that there is only one God and therefore only one religion . All of the world 's divine teachers  Jesus , Muhammad , Buddha , Moses , Abraham , Krishna , etc.  bring essentially the same message -- one of unity , love and knowledge of God or the divine . This constantly updated faith of God , Baha'is believe , has been refreshed for this day and age by our founder , Baha'u ` llah . There . Nutshell version . Now , as I mentioned , this all happened in Iran , and needless to say the Muslim authorities did not like the Baha'is very much , accusing them of heresy and apostasy . Tens of thousands were killed in the early years of the faith , and the persecutions have continued off and on for the past 150 years . Why write about all this now ? Well , I 'm glad you asked . You see there 's a ` trial ' going on very soon for seven Baha'i national leaders in Iran . They 've been accused of all manner of things including being "  spies for Israel , " "  insulting religious sanctities " and "  propaganda against the Islamic Republic . " They 've been held for a year in Evin Prison in Tehran without any access to their lawyer  the Nobel Laureate Shirin Ebadi  and with zero evidence of any of these charges . When a similar thing happened in 1980 , the national leadership of the Iranian Baha'i community disappeared . And this was repeated again in 1981 . In fact , since 1979 , more than 200 Baha'is have been killed , holy places and cemeteries desecrated , homes burned , civil rights taken away and secret lists compiled of Baha'is  and even Muslims who associate with them  by government agencies . It 's bad right now for all the peace-loving Baha'is in Iran who want only to practice their religion and follow their beliefs . It 's especially bad for these seven . Here 's a link to their bios . They 're teachers , and engineers , and optometrists and social workers just like us . This thought has become kind of a cliché ' , but we take our rights for granted here in America . Imagine if a group of people were rounded up and imprisoned and then disappeared not for anything they 'd done , but because they wanted to worship differently than the majority . There is a resolution on the situation of the Baha'is in Iran being sent to Congress . Please ask your representatives to support it . And ask them to speak out about this terrible situation . Thanks for reading . Now back to bears , paper and beets ! The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Rainn Wilson .	Rainn Wilson : I 'm a member of the Baha'i faith , founded in the 1800s in Iran He says the faith has been persecuted on and off for 150 years Seven Baha'i leaders are going on trial in Iran on a variety of charges , he says Wilson : Ask your congressman to support a resolution on the Baha'is
Washington  CNN  -- John Allen , the retired four-star Marine general and former commander of American forces in Afghanistan , will take on the role of coordinating the international coalition to battle ISIS , Secretary of State John Kerry announced Friday . The move marks a return to the head of a difficult and challenging mission that bears no clear or obvious solutions for a successful outcome . Allen is a veteran of many of many of those . How foreign fighters are swelling ISIS ranks Allen is certainly familiar with the rocky terrain he is about to enter having been one of the top commanders in western Iraq during the "  Sunni Awakening , " a program that worked to turn Sunni tribes in Anbar province against the al Qaeda affiliate then operating in Iraq . The militant organization now swallowing portions of both Syria and Iraq that President Barack Obama has vowed to destroy is the successor to what was once that al Qaeda group . Obama 's strategy : Kill ISIS before they kill us Allen graduated with honors from the U.S. Naval Academy in 1976 , and has racked up a long and distinguished list of accomplishments both on the battlefields of Afghanistan and Iraq as well as an attempted role as peacemaker to one of the longest and most intractable conflicts in the Middle East . Obama tapped him in 2011 to take command of the International Security Assistance Force in Afghanistan -- the NATO-led coalition of military forces in that country -- after Obama nominated Gen. David Petraeus , then that coalition 's commander , to become director of the CIA . Allen was the first Marine tapped to head up the military effort in Afghanistan . Kerry later appointed him to develop a security plan for Israel and the West Bank during negotiations between Israelis and Palestinians over the possibility of a future Palestinian state that eventually collapsed . Before his command in Afghanistan , Allen was deputy commander at U.S. Central Command , which oversees all military operations in the Middle East . He is also a decorated veteran of the armed forces , having received the Defense Distinguished Service Medal and the Defense Superior Service Medal among others . While controversy mostly eluded his impressive rise to the top ranks of the U.S. military , Allen was briefly caught up in the 2012 scandal involving Petraeus ' infidelity that ultimately led the widely admired retired general to resign his CIA post . An investigation into "  flirtatious " email exchanges between Allen and Jill Kelley , the Florida woman whose complaints about threatening emails from Petraeus ' mistress , Paula Broadwell , brought the scandal into the public , led Allen to withdraw his nomination by Obama to become NATO 's supreme allied commander in 2013 . The Defense Department eventually cleared him of any wrongdoing , and Allen retired from the Marines . Allen is the married father of two daughters and holds master 's degrees from Georgetown University , the Defense Intelligence College and the National War College . CNN 's Alan Duke and Elise Labott contributed to this report .	Retired Gen. John Allen was commander of American forces in Afghanistan Allen developed a security plan for Israel , West Bank during Israeli-Palestinian negotiations Ex-Marine caught up in David Petraeus scandal , but Defense Department cleared him
LONDON , England  CNN  -- On March 30 the Open Skies treaty went into effect , liberalizing air travel between the U.S. and Europe . But how will the ease of restrictions on transatlantic routes affect business travelers ? Under Open Skies , European and U.S. airlines will be given unlimited access between Europe and U.S. points . The treaty puts an end to the exclusive arrangement granted to British Airways , Virgin Atlantic , United Airlines and American Airlines to fly transatlantic out of London Heathrow . But with the airport currently operating at almost-maximum capacity , new flights will be severely limited . As a result competition is fierce for Heathrow slots , with airlines paying as much as $ 60 million to get their hands on them . For each flight that is added , another less lucrative service is scrapped . Airlines are giving priority to high-yield business routes to and from Heathrow . While European carriers are now allowed to fly from any point within E.U across the Atlantic , the U.S. domestic market remains closed to them . Operators in Europe hope that a second phase of the Open Skies deal will mean a relaxation of restrictions on European airlines ' investment in U.S. carriers and the ability for European airlines to compete in the U.S. domestic market . The issue is pending in U.S. Congress . If the U.S. does n't deliver , there is a clause in the agreement that states the Open Skies treaty -- phase I included -- can be torn up . Industry experts foresee some fare wars in both economy and business-class . Service options are also likely to improve as competition intensifies . U.S. airlines will vie with BA , the dominant carrier at Heathrow , that currently has flights to 24 U.S. cities . The biggest challenge to the incumbent airlines operating out of Heathrow will come from carriers in the SkyTeam alliance , that includes Air France and KLM , Delta Air Lines , Northwest Airlines News , and Continental Airlines . Before Open Skies , the SkyTeam alliance offered no transatlantic routes to and from Heathrow . By summer they will offer 10 percent of these flights . SkyTeam carriers will be located for the first time in Terminal 4 . Given the size of the market for U.S.-London flights , airlines will continue to offer services from Gatwick , London 's second-busiest airport . Open Skies will intensify competition for ailing U.S. airlines on what has been their most profitable route . Analysts expect to see consolidation between U.S. airlines as they combine international networks to beat competition . One advantage U.S. airlines can offer is opportunity for connecting flights to other European cities as well as on to Asia and the Mideast . European carriers on the other hand , can not operate domestic flights within the U.S. New flights and new airlines Oneworld Alliance British Airways will shift its Dallas and Houston services from Gatwick to Heathrow and its Warsaw operation to Gatwick . Flights to Detroit and Harare will be axed . In June , the airline will also launch services between Continental Europe and New York . Operated by subsidiary OpenSkies , the daily flights will fly from either JFK or Newark to Brussels or Paris CDG using Boeing 757s from its existing fleet . In the future , OpenSkies plans to fly to other business centers , including Amsterdam , Frankfurt , Milan , Madrid , Zurich , and Geneva . BA will also commence business-only flights between New York and London City Airport next year using Airbus A318 jets in a 32-seat layout . SkyTeam Airline Alliance 's new transatlantic flights starting between March 30 and June 2008 • Air France in joint venture with Delta : daily service to Los Angeles • Continental : twice-daily service to Houston and twice-daily service to Newark Liberty International  EWR  from May 29 2008 • Delta in joint venture with Air France : daily service to Atlanta and twice-daily service to New York JFK • Northwest in joint venture with KLM : daily service to Detroit , daily service to Minneapolis and daily service to Seattle . Slots were secured as a result of Air France ditching four daily rotations from London to Paris Charles de Gaulle and KLM dropping three of its slots to Northwest from Eindhoven and Rotterdam . Non-aligned airlines Aer Lingus launched services from Dublin to Washington DC , Orlando and San Francisco last year . This followed agreement between the Irish and U.S. governments that the airline could begin operations before others . Low-cost airline Ryanair is considering setting up a separate long-haul carrier that would fly ultra-low-fares between secondary airports in Europe and U.S. such as Stansted and Baltimore-Washington International . Virgin Atlantic has decided to wait to see if Open Skies Phase II is adopted before starting new flights to New York from non-UK cities . E-mail to a friend	Biggest challenge to Heathrow incumbents will come from SkyTeam alliance New flights start this year from Air France , Continental , Delta and Northwest BA will launch services between Continental Europe and New York in June
CNN  -- The practice of moving research involving human subjects from wealthy countries to less wealthy countries has grown in recent years , raising a number of ethical and scientific issues that need to be addressed , researchers said in a journal article Wednesday . More and more clinical trials are being moved to less wealthy nations , a medical journal article reports . "  The question is proportionality , " said Dr. Kevin Schulman , director of the Center for Clinical and Genetic Economics at Duke University Medical Center in Durham , North Carolina , and one of the study authors . "  We should test products where we are going to market them . The populations who take risks to participate in clinical research should be the ones that we anticipate will get the benefits of the research . " He and his co-authors reported in the New England Journal of Medicine that in November 2007 , about one-third of clinical trials  157 of 509  were being carried out entirely outside the United States , many of them in developing countries . Between 1995 and 2005 , the number of countries where such trials were being carried out more than doubled , while the number in the United States and Western Europe decreased , the researchers at Duke University said . The shift appears to have been driven at least in part by economics -- a top medical center in India charges about a tenth what a second-tier U.S. medical center would charge per case report , the authors said . Another incentive to move such work abroad : other countries ' regulatory environments can be less burdensome . The authors reported one study that found only 56 percent of 670 researchers surveyed in developing countries said their work had been reviewed by a local institutional review board or a health ministry . Another study reported that 18 percent of published trials carried out in China in 2004 adequately discussed informed consent for subjects considering participating in research . In addition , recruitment of study subjects can be easier in developing countries , where a trial subject may get more than a year 's pay to participate or participation could be his or her sole means of being able to get treatment , the authors said . Transparency is yet another issue . "  We know little about the conduct and quality of research in countries that have relatively little clinical research experience , " they wrote . Schulman put it more bluntly . "  We 've seen problems with people cheating on clinical trials , " he said . He acknowledged that similar problems have arisen in the United States , but said such misdeeds were less likely to be found out when they happened abroad . Of critical importance is the fact that some populations ' genetic makeup may affect their response to medication , the authors said . For example , they said , some 40 percent of people of East Asian origin have a genetic trait that impairs ethanol metabolism and limits response to nitroglycerin treatment . "  This finding may affect the relevance of trials involving cardiac , circulatory and neurologic disorders that are treated with nitroglycerin or nitric oxide-dependent therapies , " they said . The authors called for regulations governing trials to be reduced while ensuring ethical conduct , for greater use of centralized oversight boards and for research contracts to be written using standardized terms . "  Key strategies for clinical trials should be outlined in formal clinical-development plans , publicly vetted , and submitted to regulatory agencies , " they said . Alan Goldhammer , vice president for scientific and regulatory affairs at the Pharmaceutical Research and Manufacturers of America , said the industry will study the suggestions and weigh whether to incorporate them . "  We 're constantly taking a fresh look at all our documents and revising them as appropriate , " he said . "  The last thing any company wants to have happen is for a trial site to be called into question and that data then not used for review by the regulatory agency , which could put its approval status in limbo . " The matter has gained in importance with the announcement by the Obama administration that the government will carry out tests to determine which drugs work best . A spokeswoman for the Food and Drug Administration , who said she could not be identified because she had not sought permission to talk to the news media , said the agency has begun training and educating regulators in countries where clinical trials are being carried out for companies that are seeking U.S. approval for their drugs .	In November 2007 , one-third of clinical trials were done outside of United States Trials in India , for instance , carry only about one-tenth the costs Authors say genetic makeup in countries may affect response to medication Report written in the New England Journal of Medicine
CNN  -- The Illinois state Senate on Monday began its impeachment trial against Gov. Rod Blagojevich without the governor present . Illinois Gov. Rod Blagojevich denies any wrongdoing . Blagojevich said he expects lawmakers to vote to convict him . He is facing federal corruption allegations , including trying to trade or sell the Senate seat that became vacant after Barack Obama was elected president . The second-term Democratic governor has denied wrongdoing . Instead of attending the trial , Blagojevich hit the media circuit Monday . He appeared on ABC 's "  Good Morning America " and "  The View , " and was scheduled to give his first live prime-time interview Monday night on CNN 's "  Larry King Live . " Speaking on "  Good Morning America , " Blagojevich restated his complaints about what he called the "  unconstitutional " impeachment trial , which he said "  denies me the right to call witnesses to defend myself and prove my innocence . " Watch Blagojevich say he 's done "  nothing wrong " " He said he is certain the Illinois Senate will vote to remove him from office and said he expects they will demand he step down "  relatively soon . " Earlier this month , the Illinois House of Representatives voted overwhelmingly to impeach him . Blagojevich has said the vote was politically motivated . Under the Illinois Constitution , the House can vote to impeach an executive or judicial officer , but it is the Senate that conducts the trial . A two-thirds majority vote in the Senate is required to convict an officer of an impeachable offense . According to a federal complaint issued in December , Blagojevich and his chief of staff , John Harris -- who also was arrested on federal corruption charges -- were "  conspiring to obtain personal financial benefits " for the governor by leveraging his sole authority to appoint a U.S. senator to replace Obama . "  I 've got this thing and it 's -LSB- expletive -RSB- golden , " Blagojevich allegedly said in one recorded phone conversation , referring to his authority to appoint , according to the complaint . "  I 'm just not giving it up for -LSB- expletive -RSB- nothing . " When asked about those alleged quotes , Blagojevich told ABC that federal prosecutors "  took snippets of conversations completely out of context . " "  When the whole story comes out , you 'll see that the effort was to work to have a senator who can best represent Illinois , " he said . Blagojevich has said his rights are being violated because he can not challenge assertions in the House impeachment report . Watch Blagojevich demand a fair trial " Blagojevich also is asking for a change in a Senate trial rule that he said is preventing him from calling witnesses such as Valerie Jarrett , a confidant of Obama 's ; Rep. Jesse Jackson Jr. ; and White House Chief of Staff Rahm Emanuel . Emanuel , claimed Blagojevich , agrees that he did not break any laws . State Sen. Matt Murphy , part of the nine-member committee that put the Senate trial rules together , called Blagojevich 's complaints "  the theater of the absurd . " iReport.com : Do you trust your political leaders ? "  What you 've seen here ... is a cynical effort on the part of this governor that 's perfectly consistent with his actions over the last six years , to try and further undermine the faith in this process that the people already have , " Murphy said . He said the House prosecution team responsible for presenting the impeachment case to the Senate is operating under the same restrictions as Blagojevich with regard to calling witnesses . Murphy said on "  Good Morning America " that U.S. Attorney Patrick Fitzgerald has asked both sides to "  defer to the criminal prosecution " of Blagojevich and "  limit witnesses . " He noted that the governor has every right to submit "  positive statements that the governor says exonerate him " -- such as those from Jarrett , Jackson and Emanuel -- as evidence in the Senate trial . "  We have lowered the standard for the admission of evidence for the governor to bend over backward to make this fair , " Murphy said . "  The suggestion that this is somehow unfair to the governor is the most self-serving , ludicrous statement I have ever heard in my life . It could n't be fairer for this guy . " Blagojevich missed deadlines this month for answering the impeachment charge and for filing a motion to dismiss , a spokesman for Illinois Senate President John Cullerton has said .	Impeachment trial proceedings for Illinois Gov. Rod Blagojevich begin Illinois governor says impeachment trial is "  unconstitutional " Blagojevich scheduled multiple television appearances Monday Blagojevich accused of scheming to sell Barack Obama 's ex-Senate seat
Oxford , England  CNN  -- Singer-songwriter Annie Lennox proudly wears an "  HIV Positive " black T-shirt , proclaiming her solidarity with the disease 's victims , even though her status is HIV negative . "  I constantly want to bring attention to the issue , " says Lennox . "  This is my way of campaigning visually . " At the TED Global conference last month in Oxford , England , Lennox made clear in a talk and an interview with CNN.com that she is seriously committed to combating the spread of the disease . She was inspired by Nelson Mandela 's statement of support in 2003 for the effort to fight the virus by the 46664 Foundation , named after Mandela 's number in prison . South Africa was losing 1,000 people a day to AIDS , many of them women and children . Mandela compared the death toll to genocide . "  I 'm a woman , and I 'm a mother , I told myself that this is something that I have to talk about , " Lennox said . In her talk at the conference attended by about 700 people , she told the story of a seven-year-old girl in South Africa suffering from the disease and weighing about what a one-year-old child weighs . After the girl was treated and put on a special diet by doctors , she recovered , looking like a child her age . "  The hair on my arms is standing , " Lennox , said as she showed before and after photos of the girl . "  Is n't it extraordinary ? " An ambassador for U.N. AIDS , she said the organization is committed to ending mother-to-child transmission of HIV by 2015 . TED is a nonprofit organization that hosts conferences and makes talks available on its site , http://www.ted.com/ . -LSB- CNN and TED have a partnership in which TEDTalks are published Tuesdays on CNN.com . -RSB- The Scottish pop music artist gained fame performing with Dave Stewart as the Eurythmics and has gone on to a successful solo career and many music awards . In 2007 , Lennox organized a group of 23 female performers to make "  Sing " as a benefit recording for the fight against HIV/AIDS . It has raised more than 100,000 pounds  about $ 159,000 U.S. dollars  . Lennox was honored with the Services to Humanity Award in 2008 by the British Red Cross . Lennox sees people in developed Western countries living in a bubble of great privilege where they have a responsibility to help those who are not as fortunate . She says she aims to use her skills and influence to help make that happen . Ultimately , Lennox says , the fight against HIV/AIDS is not about charity but about securing human rights .	Annie Lennox : I wear "  HIV Positive " T-shirt to show my support for fighting the virus She says she became committed to the cause after hearing Nelson Mandela speak about it Lennox says the goal is to end mother-to-child transmission of HIV by 2015 .
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Got a problem with your dishwasher ? Does your oven not work ? Is the toy you bought defective ? Well , you 're not alone , according to the U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission . The CPSC has released a summary of its Top 10 product categories which consumers have most often complained about online in the past year . Since last March , the top five most frequently reported product types are electric ranges/ovens , dishwashers , footwear , refrigerators and microwave ovens . Appliances accounted for one out of every three complaints . "  We are looking for patterns , " said Patty Davis , CPSC spokesperson . "  Random complaints , taken together , help us piece together the puzzle . It enables us to act more quickly to get dangerous , defective products off the market , " Davis said . The CPSC says public website complaints about a harmful product or risk have led to recalls . The safety commission announced a voluntary recall last year involving the Disney Princess Plastic Racing Trikes after children reportedly were hurt . About 9,000 trikes were sold in the U.S. and 700 in Canada . "  The plastic castle display and the princess figures protruding from the top of the handlebar pose a laceration hazard if a child falls on it , " said the CPSC in a news release . In December 2011 , consumers were urged to stop using a specific ice cream dipper after the distributor , The Pampered Chef , based in Illinois , received reports of personal injuries including lacerations , bruises and redness caused by caps coming off the base of the handle . A voluntary recall was issued for about 20,000 dippers . The CPSC says it has received from consumers and manufacturers an average of 600 reports each month at SaferProducts.gov or about 7,000 incidents since the publicly available website began a year ago . Nursery equipment tallied more than 8 % of the online complaints , with toys and shoes each receiving 4.5 % . Consumers can use the online tool to look for safety information about products they own or may be thinking about buying as well as read reports that others have submitted along with comments from manufacturers . "  This product incident website ... is empowering those who use it , " said CPSC Chairman Inez Tenenbaum in a statement marking National Consumer Protection Week . The bottom five Top-10 categories on the list are complaints about heating and air conditioning units , indoor lighting , cookware , laundry and a tie for bedroom bedding , furniture and grills . The Commission points out on its website it does not guarantee the accuracy , completeness , or adequacy of the contents of SaferProducts.gov , "  particularly with respect to information submitted by people outside CPSC . "	Consumer Protection Safety Commission released Top 10 product consumer complaint categories Top 5 : Electric ranges/ovens , dishwashers , footwear , refrigerators and microwave ovens The CPSC says public website complaints about a harmful product or risk have led to recalls
CNN  Sen. Elizabeth Warren insists she 's not running for president . But her description of a 2016 "  dream " presidential candidate sounds a lot like , well , her . Warren , during an appearance Friday on CNN 's "  New Day , " said she wanted to see someone willing to fight for the middle class and "  make Washington work for families again . " Warren says she feels that Washington functions well for special interest groups and the well-connected but leaves out the rest of the nation . "  I 've  spent my whole life studying what 's happening to America 's middle class and watching year by year , one blow after another , " she said . "  We live in an America now where the game is rigged , where Washington works really great for those who hire armies of lobbyists , armies of lawyers . It 's just not working so well for the rest of America . " Warren , a Massachusetts Democrat , also got specific with her wish list , mentioning that a candidate willing to lower the interest rates on student loans and shore up Social Security would get high marks from her . What the economy means for 2016 She would n't say which of the slew of declared or yet-to-declare candidates fit that bill , but she did want to give all of them a chance as the 2016 campaign kicks off . "  I really want to give everybody who gets in this race a chance to get out there and put their agenda in front of us , " she said . However , Warren said the two Republican candidates who have gotten into the race -- Texas Sen. Ted Cruz and Kentucky Sen. Rand Paul -- have already disqualified themselves in her eyes because of how they 've voted in Congress . "  I 've watched them vote , " Warren said . "  They voted against the Social Security benefits increase . They voted against reducing the interest rate on student loans . " Opinion : Can Democrats really take on Wall Street ? Warren , a former special adviser for the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau , is something of a political rock star in the eyes of many liberal and progressive voters because of her populist leanings and her passionate calls for an end to income inequality . Many of them want her to get into the race and become a viable challenger to Democratic frontrunner Hilary Clinton . When asked , yet again , if she was going to run , Warren did n't exactly say no . "  I want to see who else gets in this race , " she said . "  And I want to see what the issues are that they push . "	The Massachusetts senator says Washington works well for special interests and the well-connected but leaves out the rest of the nation She says that in her eyes , two declared GOP candidates have already disqualified themselves
An attempted military coup took place in the remote and mountainous nation of Lesotho on Saturday , Prime Minister Thomas Thabane said in an interview aired by South African broadcaster eNCA . "  In my political life , it was not the first time that I saw this kind of activity by the Lesotho army , " Thabane said . A lot of effort has been made to reform the military and to "  make it a normal army that is subject to the civilian authority , " he said . Sometimes referred to as the "  Kingdom of the Sky , " Lesotho is completely landlocked by South Africa and is the only country in the world where all of the land lies above 1,000 meters . It has a population of nearly 2 million and covers an area slightly smaller than the U.S. state of Maryland , according to the World Factbook . The Lesotho government is seeking the assistance of the South African government and other neighboring states , Thabane said . The Prime Minister said that since the Lesotho military was looking for him , he decided "  to get out of the way , " and fled to an unknown location . He told the broadcaster he would not resign . "  We ca n't have coups d'etat in 2014 . If there are political problems people must sit  down  and talk , " said Clayson Monyela , a spokesman for the South African Foreign Ministry . Monyela said that the Lesotho military 's actions "  bear the hallmarks of a coup d'état . " Kamalesh Sharma , secretary-general of the Commonwealth of Nations , condemned the reported coup attempt and urged the military in Lesotho to respect civilian authority , constitutional order and the rule of law . "  There is zero tolerance in the Commonwealth of any unconstitutional overthrow of an elected government , " he said in a statement . "  Democracy and the rule of law are central tenets of our association ... and any action to subvert constitutional civilian rule is unacceptable . " Lesotho has been independent of the United Kingdom since 1966 , but continues on as a member of the 53-nation Commonwealth . Thabane became Prime Minister in 2012 , when he formed the kingdom 's first coalition government , according to the CIA World Factbook . Elections are next due in 2017 . Jen Psaki , a spokeswoman for the U.S. State Department , said the United States "  is deeply concerned by clashes between security forces today in Lesotho . " Psaki called upon all parties to "  remain committed to a peaceful political dialogue and to follow democratic processes " in order to resolve the conflict . Lesotho is known for its "  herd boys , " children as young as 5 who tend flocks of cattle in remote locations and often miss out on education . Prince Harry established a charity , Sentebale , to help the country meet educational challenges .	Lesotho is a mountainous nation of 2 million landlocked by South Africa Prime Minister Thomas Thabane says an attempted coup has taken place He tells a South African broadcaster that he fled because the military was looking for him
CNN  -- In the midst of uncertainty , Mizune , 14 , one of thousands of refugees who fled Syria since the civil war began , is sure of one thing : "  We can help and improve our nation with education . " These are not just words ; she turns them into action . Despite her young age , she is determined to make it known in the camp that a brighter future begins in the classroom . Mizune , whose father asked not to use her last name , arrived in Za'atari , Jordan , along with her family when the massive refugee influx began . She has spent her time promoting education in the camp , where half of the population is made up of children . Much of her time in Za'atari has been spent going from tent to tent , from mosque to mosque , talking to children and parents about why getting back in the classroom is important . "  It 's very important to me and important to society that I raise awareness . I want to emphasize the importance of education , " she said . For her effort , she has been called the "  Malala of Za'atari , " in reference to Pakistani education activist Malala Yousafzai . On October 9 , 2012 , a gunman shot Malala when she was going home from school . She survived and has continued to speak out on the importance of education . In fact , Malala and Mizune are friends , having spent many hours together in the Za'atari camp when Malala visted there in February . . Mizune shares the same passion for education . "  We would go to tents and talk to people about their most pressing problems that prevent them from going to school . We would try to find solutions and talk about the rights of children to education , " she said . Mizune 's work started when UNICEF began building schools in Za'atari . Mizune saw this and decided to help . "  Children are the most important people in society , " she said . "  Parents influence their kids , so the most important thing was educating the parents . People listened , and some had different points of view , but we were able to convince a big number to come to school . " At this point , about 70 % of the children in the camp attend school . According to Michele Servadei from UNICEF , the children 's parents have been the biggest challenge when it comes to education . "  In many cases , parents think that they 're going to go back  to Syria  soon , " he said , "  and it 's not worth sending the children to be educated . " The ongoing Syrian civil war , which started its third year in March , began when protests against President Bashar al-Assad 's regime erupted in Daraa . Demonstrations and unrest spread to nearly every city in Syria . The government responded with military action . Thousands have died , and millions have fled the country . As of February , there are an estimated 2.6 million Syrian refugees are spread across Iraq , Jordan , Lebanon , Turkey and Egypt . Back in Za'atari , challenges are infinite , ranging from water supply and mobile home distribution to keeping warm during the winter . Za'atari has become the second largest refugee camp in the world . If it were a city , it would the fifth-largest in Jordan . As many as 150,000 people live in the camp . However , that number changes every day as hundreds come or go . Days go by , and an end to the Syrian crisis does not seem near , but Mizune , who dreams of someday becoming a Journalist , is already thinking of better days for her country 's future . "  A kid will face many challenges in their lives , " she said , "  and it 's important to take advantage of education despite the circumstances , because life will go on . "	With the help of one teen , 70 % of children at Jordanian refugee camp now attend school Mizune has been called "  the Malala of Za'atari " for her efforts If Za'atari were a city , it would be the fifth largest in Jordan
Washington  CNN  -- South Carolina officials head to federal court on Monday to defend a controversial new voter identification law , dismissing suggestions the requirement would deny tens of thousands of people , many of them minorities , access to the ballot . A weeklong trial will kick off in Washington before a panel of three judges who will decide whether the law should take effect . It is one of several legal challenges to voter identification laws nationwide . A key enforcement provision of the landmark Voting Rights Act of 1965 , gives the federal government open-ended oversight of states and communities with a history of voter discrimination . Any changes in voting laws and procedures in those areas must be "  pre-cleared " with Washington . South Carolina Attorney General Alan Wilson has defended the law , saying it will not harm any potential voter . "  The changes have neither the purpose nor will they have the effect of denying or abridging the right to vote on account of race , color , or membership in a language minority , " Wilson said . The Justice Department blocked the measure from taking effect last year , concluding it was discriminatory . Federal officials cited figures that registered minority voters were about 20 percent more likely than white voters to lack state-issued photo identification . The Justice Department estimated that more than 80,000 people in South Carolina could be adversely impacted by the planned requirements . Republican Gov. Nikki Haley has called the Justice Department 's decision "  outrageous " and ordered a lawsuit . State officials have deflected criticism the legal battle could end up costing taxpayers $ 1 million or more . "  It would n't cost anything if  U.S. Attorney General  Eric Holder and the Department of Justice would get out of the way and let us protect our citizens and enforce our laws , " Rob Godfrey , a spokesman for Haley , said earlier this year . A decision in the case could take weeks . In legal filings with the court , South Carolina officials said a law dating to 1988 requires a state-issued voter registration card and the voter 's signature at the polls . The amended law approved last year would permit five types of photo identification : a state-issued driver 's license , a non-driver identification card issued by the Department of Motor Vehicles , military identification , a U.S. passport , or state voter registration card . Waivers are allowed , but the voter must sign an affidavit specifying why she or he has a "  reasonable impediment " to getting the necessary identification or has a religious objection to being photographed . If the law takes effect , South Carolina would be among 11 states that require official photo identification at the polls , according to the National Conference of State Legislatures . Proponents say the drive is an effort to stop what officials contend is voter fraud and to purge voter rolls of outdated information . Supporters say having valid , government-issued photo identification is a reasonable , modern-day necessity . Opponents assert that the effort disenfranchise poor , minority and disabled voters . Obama administration officials have concluded there is little evidence of voter fraud in the state warranting the legislative changes . A coalition of civil rights groups is expected to testify at next week 's hearing , offering testimony from college students and elderly residents . Those groups say claims of voter fraud are exaggerated . "  South Carolina 's photo ID measure is a solution in search of a problem . Credible studies show that one is more likely to be struck by lightning than to perceive an instance of in-person voter fraud , " Ryan Haygood , a top lawyer at the NAACP 's Legal Defense Fund , said . "  The -LSB- upcoming -RSB- trial will make clear that the state 's proposed photo identification measure will have a significant impact on its minority voters . " The NAACP says that a quarter of African-Americans and 16 percent of Latinos nationally lack any kind of government-issued photo identification . A separate federal panel is considering similar challenge to a voter identification law in Texas . A federal trial was held last month and a ruling is expected soon . Both South Carolina and Texas say they will put their laws in place in time for the November elections , if they are upheld . It is possible the losing sides could ask the U.S. Supreme Court to intervene , delaying any immediate implementation . Other Republican-controlled states with similar laws under legal challenge include Alabama , Florida , Georgia , Kansas , Mississippi , and Tennessee . The Justice Department this week gave approval to Virginia 's less restrictive voter identification measure . North Carolina Gov. Beverly Perdue vetoed a law passed by the GOP-led General Assembly . The Supreme Court in 2008 allowed Indiana 's voter identification law to stand in 2008 , saying the stated goal of stopping voter fraud was a legitimate exercise of legislative power .	Panel of federal judges will decide whether voter identification law should take effect Justice Department blocked the measure last year , calling it discriminatory Proponents say the law would help thwart voter fraud , update records Other states face legal challenges , ruling in South Carolina case could be appealed
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- U.S. border officers found a wire between two fences along the U.S.-Mexican border that , when stretched taut , could have seriously harmed or even decapitated Border Patrol agents , Congress was told Wednesday . The wire was about 4 feet high when pulled tight , or about neck level for an agent on an ATV , officials say . "  It was configured in a way so that , if it was pulled , it would take off the head of a Border Patrol agent riding in an open car , " Homeland Security Secretary Michael Chertoff said at a House budget hearing . The wire was discovered Saturday when authorities monitoring a surveillance camera saw two people on the north side of the border east of the San Ysidro Port of Entry , in the San Diego sector . Border Patrol agents sent to the area found a thick metal wire tied to a secondary fence . The wire stretched across the border road and led into Mexico through a hole in the primary fence , according to U.S. Customs and Border Protection . When pulled tight , the wire would be about 4 feet high -- about neck level for an agent riding on an all-terrain vehicle , CBP said . Officials said they suspected that drug or illegal immigrant smugglers were involved . No arrests were made on either side of the border . The wire was removed , and no injuries or damage took place , CBP said . E-mail to a friend	The thick metal wire stretched across the border road and led into Mexico Agents discovered it Saturday after a surveillance camera spotted suspicious activity Officials say they suspect that drug or illegal immigrant smugglers are involved No arrests have been made on either side of the border
CNN  -- A woman was found bound to a bed late Friday night in Philadelphia when police responded to a neighborhood dispute , police said . Around midnight , officers arrested Regina Bennett , 46 , at her residence on Linton Street in connection with threats and assault against a neighbor in an ongoing dispute . As officers were leaving , neighbors told them that a small child may also have been living in Bennett 's residence , Officer Tanya Little said . Initially , police saw no signs of a child living at the residence . But after conducting a full walk-through , they found a 36-year-old woman tied to a bed in "  unsuitable conditions , " Little said . The woman was extremely thin , with apparent sores and injuries to her body . According to Little , she also seemed to have special needs and has a limited vocabulary . "  We went in there looking for a child , and then this is what we found , " Little said . The woman was freed by officers and transported to Einstein Hospital , where she was being evaluated Sunday . Little said it appears to be a case of neglect , and police are unsure for how long the alleged abuse had been going on . Officers and medics are also investigating whether the woman had been sexually abused , she said . Bennett 's relationship to the woman is still under investigation , Little said . According to Little , Bennett is being held at Philadelphia Police Headquarters . She is charged with terroristic threats , simple assault , public drunkenness , aggravated assault , unlawful restraint , false imprisonment and related offenses . It was unclear Sunday afternoon whether Bennett has an attorney . CNN 's Susan Candiotti and Kristina Sgueglia contributed to this report .	After responding to a dispute , Philadelphia police find a woman bound to a bed The woman , 36 , had sores and injuries and seemed to have special needs , police said Regina Bennett , 46 , was charged in connection with the woman 's captivity , police said
CNN  -- In March , single mother Shanesha Taylor , destitute and effectively homeless , was arrested on charges of leaving her children in her car during a 40-minute job interview . The children were unharmed , but Taylor then faced two counts of third-degree felony child abuse -- charges that sparked outrage across the country . It sparked outrage with me as well , and I 've worked with Taylor 's attorney to help handle the media attention surrounding the case . My involvement in the story opened my eyes to a number of cases where parents have been arrested for behavior that , just a generation ago , may have raised eyebrows but would certainly not have risen to the level of criminal charges . For example : In a split decision this month , an appellate court in Florida upheld the conviction of Jovita Ibeagwa , who served a year in jail for two counts of aggravated manslaughter of a child following the drowning deaths of her children , aged 6 and 3 . Ibeagwa left her children unsupervised while she went to work at her second-shift job . During that time , her children tragically drowned in a neighbor 's pool . Debra Harrell , a South Carolina mother , found herself under arrest this month when a bystander discovered her 9-year-old daughter playing in the park alone . Harrell had been allowing the girl to play there while she worked at a McDonald 's a mile and a half away . Here are some more recent examples : In North Carolina , a mother was arrested after leaving her 5 - and 11-year-olds alone for 2Â 1/2 hours . A Connecticut mother was arrested when her 7-year-old , who was n't wearing a helmet , suffered head injuries after falling off his scooter . In Pennsylvania , a mother died in jail while serving a 48-hour sentence after she could n't pay fines incurred for the truancy of some of her seven children . In Ohio , a father was arrested when his 8-year-old gave the church bus the slip and played with neighborhood friends instead of going to youth group . And then just this week , a mother in Florida was arrested after allowing her 7-year-old to walk half a mile to a neighborhood park . The boy even had a cell phone to call home if he got into trouble . What 's going on here ? From one perspective , we 're criminalizing poverty . Some of the parents I mentioned above clearly acted out of economic necessity . In our post-recession economy , good jobs are hard to come by and child care is expensive . For low-wage earners , child care costs can easily eclipse earning potential . In Taylor 's case , she had previously been offered a full-time job , but child care costs would have left her with less income than she was able to earn by picking up a few hours here and there . A news report in the Harrell case quoted another parent who said , "  I understand the mom may have been in a difficult situation , not having someone to watch the child , but at the same time , you 've got to find somebody . " It sounds as though she is suggesting that having some unqualified person to stay home alone with the daughter would somehow be better than letting her play in the park , surrounded by other children and parents . I 'm not a parent , but I am a board-certified family law attorney , and I frequently deal with families facing difficult decisions . The truth is that too many parents are finding themselves having to make a desperate choice between providing for their children and caring for their children . Unless you 've been put in that situation , I do n't think you 're entitled to judge . I grew up in Queens in the '60s -- during a time when crime in New York was notoriously on the rise . My father was a battalion chief for the New York Fire Department , and he worked two other jobs to support our family . My mother worked hard to keep my two sisters , my two brothers  and me  in line . She was an amazing mother but did n't always succeed in keeping us out of hot water . We were allowed to play unsupervised in our neighborhood , and sometimes we got in trouble . But my mother knew we were with other neighborhood kids . She knew other adults in our neighborhood kept tabs on us and would look out for us . She expected that if we got into real trouble , we 'd encounter a police officer , and that officer would deliver us home -- and it did happen from time to time . I 'm concerned that in the average neighborhood today -- where the crime rate is far lower than it was in the 1960s -- adults are not looking out for neighborhood kids . Instead of helping a youngster who may be in trouble , they 're calling the cops . And the police , instead of bringing children home , they 're handing them over to child services and arresting the parents . Last week , prosecutors offered Taylor a deal : After she completes a parenting plan , which includes six months of counseling , they will drop the felony charges . But Taylor now has to fight to regain custody of her children . In South Carolina , Harrell has been reunited with her daughter but still faces criminal prosecution , and she lost her job as a result of the arrest . In Florida , Ibeagwa is out of jail now -- after suffering the double tragedy of losing her children and enduring incarceration for her role in the misfortune . Elsewhere other children are being taken from their parents , and families are being torn apart . I have to wonder if my mom , who I think was a wonderful mother , would face criminal charges if she were alive and raising children in today 's world -- if she raised them the way she raised my brothers and sisters and me .	Mark O'Mara : In March , homeless mom arrested after leaving kids in car during job interview Arrest drew outrage -- one among many recently in which parents left kids while at work He says poverty being criminalized and neighbors used to help but now just call police O'Mara says his mom let him play unattended as kid in New York but today she 'd be arrested
CNN  -- Hoffenheim have continued their dream start to the German Bundesliga season , beating Schalke 2-0 to remain top of the table with three wins out of three . The home side went into the half-time break with a one goal advantage , thanks to a header from Ghana defender Isaac Vorsah , who powered home a cross from captain Andreas Beck . It was Vorsah 's second successive goal following his winning strike against St Pauli two weeks ago . And the points were sealed when German international goalkeeper Manuel Neuer was left helpless when Sejad Salihovic 's free-kick struck the post , bounced off his chest , and flew into the net . The result leaves Hoffenheim with a 100 per cent record , although four other sides are also in that position going into the weekend 's Bundesliga fixtures . However , big-spending Schalke , who gave a debut to Dutch international striker Klaas-Jan Huntelaar , are still without a point and struggling near the foot of the table , increasing the pressure on coach Felix Magath who nearly took the Blues to the Bundesliga title last season . "  I am satisfied with the game , we produced a good performance , " Magath told AFP . "  Unfortunately , we conceded two goals , that is unfortunate , but it can happen . " Kaiserslautern , Mainz , Hamburg and Hanover can all join Hoffenheim at the top of the table on Saturday if they win their respective matches . Meanwhile , defending champions Bayern Munich take on Werder Bremen on Saturday .	Hoffenheim keep up their dream start to the German Bundesliga season The league leaders secure their third straight victory with a 2-0 win over Schalke An Isaac Vorsah header and a late Manuel Neuer own goal ensured the hosts ' victory Schalke , who gave a debut to Klaas-Jan Huntelaar , have now lost all three matches
CNN  -- NASA scientists revealed Friday a first-of-its-kind image from space showing reflecting sunlight from a lake on Saturn 's largest moon , Titan . It 's the first visual "  smoking gun " evidence of liquid on the northern hemisphere of the moon , scientists said , and the first-ever photo from another world showing a "  specular reflection " -- which is reflection of light from an extremely smooth surface and in this case , a liquid one . "  This is the first time outside Earth we 've seen specular reflection from another liquid from another body , " said Ralf Jaumann , a scientist analyzing data from the Cassini unmanned space probe . Jaumann said he was surprised when he first saw the photos transmitting from Cassini , orbiting Saturn about a billion miles from Earth . "  It was great because if you look at photos of planets , you mostly see nothing is happening . But in two hours we saw a glint of light getting brighter . " Titan 's similarities to Earth have attracted NASA 's attention for decades . It 's the only body besides our own in the solar system that is believed to have liquid on its surface . Like Earth , Titan has an atmosphere which is mostly nitrogen . Experts believe the presence of liquid on a planet or moon improves the chances that some kind of life could develop there . The photo comes from the spacecraft Cassini , which has been searching for this kind of reflection since it began circling Saturn in 2004 . Scientists with the University of Arizona were able to use previous data from Cassini to learn details about the reflection 's location on Titan . The glint appears to be coming from the southern edge of a lake called Kraken Mare -- a massive body of methane that covers about 150,000 square miles  400,000 square kilometers  . That 's larger than the Caspian Sea , which is the largest lake on Earth . The hunt for the specular reflection took five years , NASA said , because the moon 's northern half had been shrouded in winter darkness . "  Next , we want to find out more about Titan 's liquid , " said Jaumann . "  Do we have some kind of weather there ? Do we have changes with seasons ? Does it rain ? How does the liquid methane run across the surface ? " But Jaumann sounded a note of caution regarding the prospect of life in this case . "  The temperature on Titan 's surface is something like minus-180 degrees Celsius , " he said . "  That means it 's very cold . But you never know . " The project is based out of NASA 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory in Pasadena , California . This is not the first evidence of liquid on Titan . In 2008 , project members used infrared technology to discover a large lake in the moon 's southern hemisphere . But this recent discovery is a sure sign that liquid exists on the moon 's northern half . That region is believed to include larger basins that could hold more liquid .	NASA photo from Cassini probe is first-ever of liquid on another world , says scientist Image shows sun reflecting from a lake on Saturn 's moon , Titan Planets with liquid are thought to be more likely to develop life Scientists have been studying Titan because of its similarities to Earth
CNN  -- Apple is opening up about how many government requests it gets for customer information . The secretive company released its first transparency report on Tuesday , breaking down the number of account and device data requests it received from law enforcement by country for the first half of 2013 . The United States submitted the most requests for account information , with 1,000 to 2,000 requests regarding 2,000 to 3,000 individual accounts . These requests might be for personal information found in iTunes , Game Center and iCloud accounts . The vast majority of requests the company receives are from law enforcement agencies trying to track down lost or stolen phones , tablets and computers on behalf of Apple customers . Apple received 3,542 of these "  device information " requests in the U.S. for 8,605 devices , and Apple turned over some or all of the desired information 88 of the time . Germany made the second largest number of device requests , followed by Singapore . This is the first time Apple has released a transparency report . Google began disclosing data about its government requests in 2011 and releases an updated list every six months . Since the initial revelations about surveillance by the National Security Agency came to light earlier this year , there has been an uptick in the number of tech companies voluntarily releasing statistics on the government requests they get . Apple joins Facebook , Yahoo and other tech companies taking part in a practice that is fast becoming industry standard . "  Apple is so secretive about everything it does , the fact that it is opening up shows that transparency really is the new standard , and the consumers are demanding it , " said Nate Cardozo , a staff attorney with the Electronic Frontier Foundation . Though the information in the reports is somewhat standard , Apple did included something different . The last line under the notes section in the report says , "  Apple has never received an order under Section 215 of the USA Patriot Act . We would expect to challenge such an order if served on us . " Section 215 is the part of the Patriot Act the NSA could use to compel companies to hand over user data . If Apple did receive such an order , it would likely be accompanied by a gag order so Apple would not even be able to say that it did or did not receive a 215 request . Cardozo says this type of disclosure is called a canary , and Apple is the first major tech company to include it . "  Six months from now , we will look to make sure that line is included , and if they do n't say they have not received a 215 request , we can assume they have , " said Cardozo . Apple also joined Yahoo and Google and filed a brief in the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court asking for more transparency to discuss government requests openly and in more detail . Currently , the U.S. government only allows companies to talk about how many national security orders , including the numbers of accounts impacted , in ranges of thousands . "  We have reported all the information we are legally allowed to share , and Apple will continue to advocate for greater transparency about the requests we receive , " Apple said in the report . The other information in Apple 's report was fairly standard . It 's difficult to compare Apple 's numbers directly to those previously disclosed by companies such as Facebook and Google . Though they 're all technology companies , they are vastly different businesses and store different amounts and types of data about their users . "  Our business does not depend on collecting personal data . We have no interest in amassing personal information about our customers , " Apple said in the beginning of the report . That statement seems to be dig directed at companies such as Google , LinkedIn , Facebook and many others that do base their businesses on collecting their customers ' personal information . The hunger for personal data is n't limited to governments as it 's also very lucrative for many technology companies .	Apple released its first report listing the amount of government requests for information Most of Apple 's requests were for device information such as tracking down a stolen phone These types of reports are becoming the standard in the tech industry
CNN  -- Thousands of anti-government supporters led by two of Pakistan 's most influential figures have joined a march to Islamabad to demand the resignation of the country 's prime minister , prompting a major security operation . By early Friday , an estimated 15,000-20 ,000 people had joined cricketer-turned-politician Imran Khan on the outskirts of Lahore in Pakistan 's northwestern Punjab region . The procession took to the roads in cars , trucks and buses to make the 230-mile  370-kilometer  journey to the capital . The march started on Thursday as Pakistan celebrated Independence Day . Khan , the former Pakistan cricket captain and leader of the Tehreek-e-insaaf  PTI  political party , has called on Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif to stand down amid claims of vote rigging during last year 's election , a claim Sharif has rejected . ` Huge security operation ' The huge convoy was joined by followers of outspoken cleric Tahir ul Qadri , who called on his supporters to join what he described as a "  revolution march . " Qadri , who led protests against Pakistan 's government last year that brought the capital to a standstill , has accused the Sharif government of corruption and campaigned for more to be done for the country 's poor . The march , which has been peaceful so far , prompted a huge security operation across the country , with tens of thousands of soldiers and police deployed along the route to Islamabad , while massive shipping containers and reels of barbed wire have been used to seal off many roads and highways . However , many Qadri supporters joined the march armed with sticks and improvised shields . Last week , at least five of his supporters were killed during clashes with security forces in the country 's northwestern Punjab province . Capital gathering Organizers from both camps expect thousands more to join the procession as they get closer to the capital . A Khan representative told CNN Thursday that they anticipated around 100,000 people would be taking part . They are expected to assemble in central Islamabad , where security has been especially tight , with routes to many government buildings and embassies blocked by containers and guarded by army personnel , who assumed responsibility for the city 's security . Late Thursday , the country 's interior minister Chaudhry Nisar Ali Khan told a press conference that the government had officially permitted the march to go ahead on the condition that protesters do n't cross into the capital 's "  red zone " -- a tightly controlled area containing many government buildings . So far , crowds in the capital have been small , but they 're expected to increase significantly as the march draws nearer later Friday . On Wednesday , in a rare address to the country , Prime Minister Sharif refuted accusations of electoral rigging and stressed that Pakistan has moved forward over the past 14 months in terms of "  currency value , foreign investment and economic growth . " In an apparent attempt to appease Khan 's demands for an investigation into electoral fraud last year , Sharif offered to form a commission consisting of three Supreme Court judges to investigate the claims . But at a press conference shortly after the prime minister 's address , Khan said the government 's response had arrived too late in the day and that he was now officially calling for the resignation of Sharif . The political instability comes at a time when Pakistan is waging a bloody war against militants -- particularly in the restive tribal regions along its border in Afghanistan . On Thursday two airbases in the southwestern city of Quetta in Balochistan Province were attacked by insurgent gunmen wearing suicide vests . But by early Friday , security forces repelled the attack , killing 10 terrorists and capturing another five , according to Imran Qureshi , the Superintendent of police in the city . There was no immediate claim of responsibility for the attack . But , senior police officers suspect Islamist militants could be behind the two coordinated attacks . Sarfaraz Bugti , the Home Minister Balochistan , told CNN the dead gunmen were Uzbeks . Journalist Syed Ali Shah contributed to this report .	Supporters of ex-cricketer Imran Khan and cleric Tahir ul Qadr join march to capital Organizers expect thousands to join as they near Islamabad The march has been peaceful so far , with thousands of police deployed along the route The political instability comes as Pakistan fights a bloody insurgency
CNN  -- The W Austin hotel is closing indefinitely after glass fell from the balcony panels of the Austin , Texas , building for a second day in a row and the third time in recent weeks , the hotel 's parent company announced Tuesday . The hotel will be closed "  until further notice " as the glass panels are replaced , the hotel 's parent company said in a statement Tuesday . Guests of the hotel are being relocated to other hotels . "  We are replacing every piece of balcony glass on the building , " Stratus Properties CEO Beau Armstrong said in the statement . The incident occurred the same day a lawsuit was filed against the hotel on behalf of two people who were injured June 10 when glass from a broken panel rained down on them in the hotel pool , CNN affiliate KXAN-TV reported . According to the lawsuit , the hotel had been warned of the problem before the incident but failed to respond , KXAN reported . Just after 5 p.m. Tuesday , three panels fell from the south side of the building , a day after panels fell on cars parked below on 3rd Street , KXAN reported . The W Hotel in midtown Atlanta was the site of a fatal accident on May 28 , when two women crashed through a 10-floor window and one fell to her death . According to a preliminary investigation , the friends were "  play fighting " when they smashed into the window and fell . In the days following that incident , an Atlanta police spokesman said in a statement officers were not looking at the glass in the windows as a factor and had "  no reason to believe this was anything other than a tragic accident . " In a statement Tuesday , W Austin stressed that the Austin and Atlanta incidents were "  completely unrelated . " "  They involve two dissimilar types of buildings that were built at different times , " the statement said . "  The incident at the W Austin involved balcony glass on empty condos above the hotel and the incident at the W Atlanta Midtown involved a guestroom window . "	Falling-glass incident is the third in recent weeks involving the Austin , Texas , hotel Hotel says it will close while it replaces all balcony glass ; guests are being relocated The hotel is being sued over a June 10 incident in which two people were injured
A man who opened fire at a Georgia elementary school Tuesday was armed with an AK-47 "  and a number of other weapons , " police said . The shooter barricaded himself in the school 's front office with employees before eventually surrendering to police , DeKalb County Police Chief Cedric Alexander told reporters . No one was injured , authorities said . Suspected shooter Michael Brandon Hill , 20 , faces charges including aggravated assault on a police officer , terroristic threats and possession of a firearm by a convicted felon , police spokeswoman Mekka Parish said . The shooter fired about six shots from inside the school toward officers as they approached outside , Alexander said , and police returned fire . Police said it is unclear whether the suspect had any connection with the school , the Ronald E. McNair Discovery Learning Academy , which is about seven miles east of downtown Atlanta . Investigators think the gunman entered the school behind someone , Alexander said . As the standoff unfolded , a caller told CNN affiliate WSB 's assignment desk that she was in the school office with a gunman . The man had a message he wanted the woman to share with the local television station , assignment editor Lacey LeCroy said , describing the conversation during WSB 's newscast Tuesday evening . "  She said he told her to tell me he was not afraid to die , " LeCroy said . The gunman also threatened to harm police , the woman said , according to LeCroy . Later , LeCroy heard gunshots crack over the television station 's phone line . The woman in the school office was n't sure who had fired , LeCroy said . Investigators initially suspected there could be explosives in a vehicle the shooter parked outside the school , but police found no explosives inside , Parish said . Teachers and administrators guided students out to a lawn outside the school 's gym , where they remained while investigators combed the school to ensure there was no other threat . Concerns about explosives forced SWAT teams to cut a hole in a fence by the school and evacuate students through the yard of a neighboring home , Alexander said . On a nearby street , school buses waited to take them to safety . "  This was a very unusual situation where we had to get the kids away from any possible explosives , " Alexander said . This was the second arrest in six months for Hill , of DeKalb County . In March , he was arrested in neighboring Henry County on suspicion of "  terrorist threats and acts , " according to a record in the county sheriff 's office . He was released on bail five days later . Information on what led to that arrest or whether the case is resolved was n't immediately available . Students were reunited with their parents at a nearby shopping center Tuesday afternoon . The children smiled and waved , and parents cheered , as each school bus arrived with students aboard . "  Everybody 's safe , " DeKalb County Schools Superintendent Michael Thurmond said . "  This thing came out for the best , " said Dale Holmes , DeKalb County 's assistant police chief . "  Thank God no one was hurt -- not even the suspect . "	Suspect was arrested in March on suspicion of "  terrorist threats and acts " Police say Michael Brandon Hill , 20 , faces aggravated assault charges Witness to CNN affiliate WSB : Shooter said "  he was not afraid to die " Shooter was armed with an AK-47 "  and a number of other weapons , " police say
Jerusalem  CNN  -- The Israeli Supreme Court has upheld the deportation of Nobel Peace Prize winner Mairead Maguire , who had tried to visit Israel and the Palestinian territories last week , a spokeswoman for the Israeli judiciary said Monday . Maguire , of Ireland , was held at Ben-Gurion International Airport 's detention facility while she appealed Israel 's refusal to allow her into the country . She landed there Tuesday with a delegation of other high-level women 's rights activists from around the world , the Israeli Foreign Ministry said , but was denied entry because of her participation in efforts to run the Israeli blockade of the Palestinian territory of Gaza , the Israeli Foreign Ministry said . "  Mairead Maguire is one of the most nonviolent people I know , " said Jody Williams , a fellow Nobel laureate who attended the hearing at the high court . "  In fact , we often have sharp words with each other because she is so nonviolent , and I am a tad more passionate . " Williams , who won the 1997 Nobel Peace Prize for her work to ban land mines , and Maguire are co-founders of the Women 's Peace Initiative . Williams was also part of the delegation of women 's rights activists that traveled to the Mideast . Maguire was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize in 1976 for her efforts to end sectarian violence in Northern Ireland . The delegation planned to travel to Jerusalem , Haifa , Nazareth , Ramallah , Hebron and Bil ` in to learn from and highlight the work of female peace builders . "  There will be peace in this country , I believe it , but only when Israel ends apartheid and the ethnic cleansing of the Palestinian people , " Maguire told reporters before Monday 's hearing . Maguire was aboard the MV Rachel Corrie , an Irish cargo ship that set sail for Gaza in June despite the Israeli blockade . The Israeli navy seized the ship before it reached Palestinian-controlled Gaza , and its passengers were deported . Those aboard the Rachel Corrie say the ship was seized in international waters , but Israel says it took the ship in Israeli territory and told those aboard they would not be allowed to return to Israel . "  She does not believe she has done anything wrong , " Williams said . "  When she was on the Rachel Corrie with the flotilla , it was attacked in international waters . She was dragged to Israel , and then they say she ca n't come back to Israel . It was not her intention to end up there in the first place . " The Rachel Corrie 's mission came just five days after Israeli commandos raided a similar flotilla in an incident that left nine passengers aboard the Turkish-flagged vessel Mavi Marmara dead . CNN 's Michal Zippori contributed to this report .	NEW : Fellow Nobel laureate Jody Williams defends Mairead Maguire Israel objected to Maguire 's participation in a Gaza-bound flotilla Maguire won the Nobel Peace Prize in 1976 for her work in Northern Ireland
CNN  -- I had been wrestling with eye redness for weeks . After trying nearly every brand of over-the-counter eyedrops available , I finally decided to see a doctor . A handful of tests later , the doctor told me he had no idea why my eyes were red . But that did n't stop him from giving me a prescription . It was odd he would assign a treatment without a diagnosis , but what choice did I have ? Visine was not getting this red out , and well , he is a doctor . So I paid the co-pay and bought the prescription . After it ran out and I still had red eyes , I went to visit another doctor . He also ran a couple of tests . He also had no idea why my eyes were red . He also gave me a prescription . Hundreds of dollars spent , and yet I still have no answers or clearer eyes . But I do have an appointment with a third doctor and an allergist . I 'm not sharing this story to complain . I 'm sharing because if you know the average American makes only $ 33,000 a year -- which , adjusted for inflation , has not changed since 1988 -- or if you know the price of COBRA for a family of four , then you also know why a lot of Americans do n't even bother to get on this hamster wheel . They ca n't afford to do it . Medicine is not an exact science ; I get that . But what I do n't get is what middle-class and working-poor people are supposed to do as they ricochet helplessly between doctors without getting answers -- like pinballs in a business model that thrives on people trying to find out what 's wrong . How do you keep from getting cynical when you know managing an illness is more profitable than curing it or that leaner cuts of meat and organic produce are more expensive than fattier cuts and produce sprayed with chemicals ? Nearly one in four children in the United States lives in poverty , and the World Health Organization reports a direct correlation between socioeconomic status and health . So why is the conversation about health , and specifically , health care reform , so toxic ? And so politicized ? President Theodore Roosevelt said , "  No country can be strong whose people are poor and sick . " Yet the promise each GOP candidate has made is to repeal what he or she calls "  Obamacare , " with no alternative . Are we meant to pretend the impetus behind the law no longer exists because there 's a new sheriff in town ? To even call health care reform "  Obamacare " redirects the conversation away from the most important point : The correlation between socioeconomic status and the mortality rate . Obama does n't need health care . He and his wife , Michelle , and their children have access to the best health care on the planet . The same is true for his well-heeled challengers , such as Newt Gingrich , Rick Perry , Herman Cain and Mitt Romney , as well as many of the people in Congress who are fortunate enough to be in the top 10 % of the nation 's earners . They all have access to outstanding health care . But what about you ? When was the last time you 've been to the dentist ? You see , despite the rhetoric , the need for health care reform was not discovered by President Barack Obama in 2009 . It did not come from Hillary Clinton in 1992 . Each president , going back as far as Teddy Roosevelt , has talked about the need to address access to and administration of health care . They understood a healthy population is the lifeblood of a country . Any politician who is touting repeal without offering something significant in its place is not only incapable of connecting the dots , but is out of touch with the kind of sacrifices people make in their health decisions every day . Things such as ignoring reoccurring pains and unusual growths because they ca n't afford the doctor visit or even the prescription co-pay . This week , CBS ' "  60 Minutes " aired a riveting story about homeless families living in cars in central Florida . One untouched topic was the health of the parents . I wondered what would happen to those children if their parents were to succumb to an illness ? Would they end up in the state system ? If so , who do you think pays for that ? It 's all connected , and a true leader sees that . Mississippi is the the poorest state in the country . It is also the unhealthiest . Most of the 10 poorest states are among the 10 unhealthiest states . They also tend to vote Republican . Do n't get mad at me ; I 'm just the messenger . The question is : What are GOP candidates saying when they promise to repeal health care reform but are silent on health care and poverty ? The health care reform plan is not perfect . But the Constitution was n't perfect either , which is why we have amendments . The best thing for the national dialogue is to point out what 's good about the plan so we have something to build on . In nearly 80 years of the White House talking about health care reform , we finally have something . And we need it . Promising to repeal the whole thing might be good for the polls , but what does it do for the people ? Because I can promise you , any new president who repeals the law will still have access to the best health care available . That is not true for all of the people who voted that president in . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of LZ Granderson .	LZ Granderson : If you 're a politician , you are assured of good health care Many Americans ca n't pay for basics , he says ; poverty is linked to bad health GOP ignores crisis , he says , vowing to repeal reform but offering no options Granderson : Health care access has been a problem for 80 years ; time to fix it
The audience was tense . Tempers were heated . Tears were seen and blows were nearly thrown . We needed a referee . This was not the pre-fight press conference weigh-in for a Floyd Mayweather-Manny Pacquiao boxing match . It was a panel discussion between African-American and Native American journalists from across the country to consider whether the Washington Redskins name was racist . But the conversation at the Unity Journalists of Color convention , which included more than 6,000 media professionals , got nowhere . Obama on the Redskins Black journalists accused their Native American counterparts of showing racist videos during the panel of ranting black fans cheering for their beloved football team , including extensive video of the team 's then-beloved , now maligned Chief Zee , the African-American man  Zema Williams  who 's been the team 's unofficial mascot for 35 years . "  Black people are not the only Washington fans in the stadium , " I argued then . "  Where are the other fan faces ? And why is this a racial issue ? " Our Native American peers yelled back , a few of them in tears , that we were being insensitive and ignorant for not understanding that the Redskin name was hurtful and damaging to their community . Nothing changed . Everyone left the workshop insulted and insistent they were on the right side of the debate , including myself . And we never found common ground . That was nearly 20 years ago . So it was refreshing earlier this week to hear President Obama , the nation 's commander in chief and a sports fan , weigh in saying he 'd think about changing the name if he were the owner of the team . Tribe seeks to force NFL Redskins name change "  I do n't know whether our attachment to a particular name should override the real legitimate concerns that people have about these things . ... I do n't want to detract from the wonderful Redskins fans that are here . They love their team and rightly so , " the president said to The Associated Press . I thought back to that Unity meeting and knew his words rang true . And I remembered several of my colleagues who , over the years , have tried to get me or others in the newsroom to feel their pain . And honestly , I just never gave it enough thought . But no longer can I justify my years of indifference to the sports moniker . The name must change . Let 's toss it in the trash heap along with other now offensive -- but once widely used -- monikers such as Sambo , darky , dago and kike . And if you or team owner Daniel Snyder , who insists he 'll never change the team name , are a bit insulted , that 's the whole point . It is exactly what my Native American colleagues struggled to tell us for as long as I can remember . Predictably , many Redskins fans are livid that the president would jump into this fight . They are hypocrites . They 're not the only people who can have an opinion about this matter . U.S. politicians are sports fans , too . Some of them have been quite engaged with popular sports conversations . President Ronald Reagan brought "  The Gipper " to the White House . Obama participates in the annual March Madness bracket frenzy . For any fan , sports are among the most uplifting things about life . It 's the one place we can escape the worries in the grownup world and enjoy our childlike enthusiasm for the games . None of that feeling goes away with a name change in Washington . Supporters of keeping the team name can see only tradition and honor of the franchise . Some are defensive -- rightfully , I believe -- about anyone saying they are somehow intentionally being malicious . Lanny J. Davis , an attorney for the Redskins and an Obama supporter , said in an e-mail to the media that fans do n't intend to "  disparage or disrespect " anyone . "  The name ` Washington Redskins ' is 80 years old . It 's our history and legacy and tradition . " What else could he say ? He is paid by the team . But he must know that his argument just makes no sense . The football team 's glorious history may indeed stretch back 80 wonderful years , but what intelligent person , or even a diehard football fan like me , could seriously argue that 80 years of entertaining football history could ever compare to the thousands of years that the original Americans have inhabited this land ? It 's time to get on the right side of American history .	Obama suggested Washington Redskins consider changing the team name Roxanne Jones : As a sports fan , the president can weigh in -- and he 's right She says Redskins name is hurtful and damaging to Native Americans Jones : It 's time to get on the right side of history and change the 80-year-old name
CNN  -- A Los Angeles , California , art dealer , federal authorities say , thought she 'd done the math : Pay an art restorer $ 1,000 to create a knock-off of Pablo Picasso 's 1902 pastel , "  The Woman in the Blue Hat . " Then sell the fake as an original for $ 2 million . She may have not counted on the feds getting involved . That woman , 70-year-old Tatiana Khan , agreed to plead guilty to federal charges related to the sale of the phony Picasso , authorities said Tuesday . The woman is scheduled to appear in federal court next month to plead guilty to felony counts of making false statements to the FBI and witness tampering , federal authorities said . "  Khan falsely told an FBI agent who was investigating the sale that Khan had obtained the drawing from an acquaintance , " a Department of Justice statement said . "  Khan also admitted that she told the art restorer to lie to the FBI by saying that she only did restoration work for Khan and did not do any copying work . " Khan faces a maximum sentence of 25 years in prison but the plea agreement recommends a maximum prison sentence of 21 months , according to the Justice Department .	Tatiana Khan agreed to plead guilty to charges related to the sale of the phony Picasso Khan paid art restorer $ 1,000 to create fake " Woman in the Blue Hat , " authorities say Khan 's plan was to sell the knock-off for $ 2 million , according to authorities
HOUSTON , Texas -- Six-year-old Valentin Marroquin went from being apparently healthy one moment to battling leukemia the next . As his mother Rosario Marroquin started searching for answers , she kept coming back to their Houston , Texas , neighborhood , and the stench that often envelops it . Valentin Marroquin of Houston , Texas , was diagnosed with leukemia at the age of six . "  We 're the stinky neighborhood , " she said . "  But we 've gotten so used to it that we do n't know that 's just how we smell . " The Marroquin family lives in the Manchester area of Houston , next to the Houston ship channel , the largest petrochemical complex in the United States . Day after day , oil refineries and petrochemical companies pump hazardous pollutants , including known cancer-causing chemicals like benzene and 1-3 butadiene , into the air . "  I 'm not ignorant , " Rosario told CNN . "  Kids get sick in the country in the fresh air , but this had something to do with it . " See the source of the smell they fear " No one can say for certain that Valentin 's illness was caused by the air he breathed , but earlier this year , the University of Texas released a study showing that children who live within two miles of the ship channel have a 56 percent greater chance of getting leukemia than kids living elsewhere . It 's the first study showing an association between the channel 's air quality and childhood leukemia . The health risks from the shipping canal are not limited to cancer . The chemicals in the air can cause other serious health problems , such as respiratory diseases and birth defects . Tom McGarity , a professor of environmental law at the University of Texas , believes such conditions are allowed to persist because 90 percent of the people who call the ship channel home are Hispanic and many of them are poor . "  If these plants were omitting these kinds of levels in River Oaks , it would n't be happening , I promise , " he said . River Oaks is one of the more affluent communities in Houston . The connection between poverty and poor environmental conditions is not limited to Texas . In many of the countries visited for CNN 's "  Planet in Peril " documentary , such as Cambodia , Thailand , Madagascar , Chad , China and Brazil , it is the poor and disenfranchised who bear the brunt of environmental burdens . A similar dynamic plays out in the United States , where class and very often race can determine where one lives . In 2005 , for example , The Associated Press reported blacks were 79 percent more likely than whites to live in neighborhoods where industrial pollution was suspected of posing the greatest health danger . "  It 's really mind-boggling that we could kind of write off , you know , a whole section of our society , " said Majora Carter , founder of the Sustainable South Bronx , which fights what Carter calls "  environmental racism " in New York and around the country . "  No one should have to bear the brunt of environmental burdens and not enjoy any environmental benefits , and right now race and class ... really determine the good things like parks and trees or the bad stuff like waste facilities and power plants , " she said . Michael Honeycutt , chief toxicologist for the Texas Commission for Environmental Quality , says progress has been made in reducing toxins around the Houston Ship Channel . There is "  one third less pollution in the Houston Ship Channel this year , compared to last year , because of our approach of bringing companies in , telling them what we want , " Honeycutt said . "  And we 're seeing those reductions . " "  Our job is to protect human health and the environment , " he said . "  What 's happened is it 's issues of timing -- what 's a safe level , what 's not a safe level . " Honeycut said scientists are generating new data all the time and that certain emissions or areas formerly thought to be safe may no longer appear to be . Houston Mayor Bill White has pledged to reduce the level of air toxins for communities along the ship channel . "  We will have both the political and legal battle with the industry until we get widespread agreement to do so , " White said . A Rice University study released in 2006 showed that Houston has a higher concentration of benzene and 1-3 butadiene than anywhere else in the United States . The annual average of 1-3 butadiene , a carcinogen , was at least 20 times higher than any other city in America . Companies in the ship channel told CNN they 've started voluntarily limiting their emissions . They also point out that they have n't broken any laws . There are no laws in either Texas or at the federal level that limit the amount of hazardous air pollutants these companies pump into the air . There is an effort under way to get a law passed in Texas , but Professor McGarity said it 's going to be an uphill battle because the oil and chemical industry has deep roots in Texas . "  That 's going to be reflected at the top among the political appointees who are more part of this , shall we say ` Wild West ' culture , where anything goes , " he said . Now 10 years old , Valentin 's cancer is in remission , and he and his family still live in the neighborhood they think poisoned him , but they are speaking out about their experience . The Maroquins say they have n't left because they ca n't afford to go anywhere else . "  When you 're sitting out there , when you 're watching them playing , you think , is it going to happen ? " Rosario asks . "  Are they breathing it now ? " E-mail to a friend	"  Stinky neighborhood " in Houston is near huge petrochemical complex Located near the Houston ship channel , it has a high rate of leukemia Its residents are mostly Hispanic and mostly poor Professor says poor bear brunt of environmental burdens
Jerusalem  CNN  The Israeli military conducted airstrikes Sunday night in the area between Israel and Syria , targeting a group of militants allegedly trying to plant a bomb on the Israeli border . The Israel Defense Forces said the airstrikes were carried out in the occupied Golan Heights against four militants who crossed into the area from Syria . "  A group of armed terrorists approached the border with an explosive device , which was intended to be detonated against IDF forces , " the Israeli military said . The airstrikes prevented the bombing , the military said . Three of the alleged attackers were killed , Israeli media reported , citing IDF sources . It was not immediately known to what militant group the men belonged . The Golan is regarded internationally as occupied territory despite Israeli governmental control . It is home to 41,000 residents , including Jews , Druze and Alawites . Israel seized the territory from Syria during the 1967 Israel-Arab war , and it was eventually annexed .	The Israeli military says the militants were trying to plant a bomb The men crossed from Syria , Israel says
CNN  -- The arrest of R&B singer Mario for allegedly assaulting his mother was "  an unfortunate incident between a loving son and a mother who continues to struggle with a devastating addiction , " his lawyer said Saturday . Mario , 24 , was charged with second degree assault after police were called to a Baltimore , Maryland high-rise apartment complex with a report of "  a mental case breaking up property inside " an apartment early Friday . Shawntia Hardaway , who was waiting in theground-floor lobby , told authorities that her 24-year-old son was in the apartment "  throwing and damaging property , " the police report said . "  Anyone who has waged the battle to save loved ones from the forces of drugs knows the irrational behavior that almost always accompanies their actions , " said Hassan Murphy , Mario 's Baltimore attorney , on Saturday . "  Despite the allegations , Mario remains committed to supporting his mother . " On Friday , Hardaway said her son "  started yelling at her and he used his hands and forearms and pushed her in the chest and shoulder area causing minor pain and discomfort , " according to police . Police found a "  severely damaged " china cabinet , a broken mirror , a busted door and "  a lot of glass lying on the floor " when they entered the apartment , the report said . After his mother told police she feared for her life , they arrested Mario and booked him on a second degree assault charge , police said . Mario 's troubled relationship with his mother was the subject of an award-winning TV documentary in 2007 . "  I Wo n't Love You to Death : The Story of Mario and His Mom " documented his struggle to help his heroin-addicted mother . His full name is Mario Barrett , but he does not use his surname professionally . He professional singing career began when he was 16 with the 2002 hit "  Just a Friend . " A Baltimore police spokeswoman was unable to confirm if Mario had posted bail . CNN 's Brittany Kaplan and Denise Quan contributed to this report .	Mario 's lawyer blamed his mother 's "  irrational behavior " Police said Mario 's mother said she feared for her life Broken glass , cracked mirror and busted door were found A 2007 MTV documentary explored Mario 's struggles with his mother
CNN  Waiting for Benjamin Netanyahu to arrive at Ben Gurion Airport , there was a whole Winston Churchill aspect to it all . Many Israeli analysts believe Netanyahu sees his speech to Congress warning of the dangers of a nuclear Iran akin to that of the late British Prime Minister 's famous address to parliament in 1939 warning of the pending danger of Nazi Germany . Indeed on the tarmac , Netanyahu , with his wife , Sara , at his side , somberly declared his visit to Washington a "  crucial " and "  historic " trip and himself the "  messenger " of all the Israeli people , even those who do n't agree with him . "  I fear for the fate of the State of Israel and therefore I will do everything I can to ensure the security of our future , " he told reporters before boarding . 6 questions about Netanyahu 's trip In the days leading up to the trip , Netanyahu laid the symbolism for embarking on what aides believe he views as his date with destiny , starting with a visit to the grave of his father , who he often says warned him about the dangers of missing threats to the Jewish people before it is too late . On the eve of his trip , he vistied the Western Wall , the holiest site of Judaism . There Netanyahu declared his solemn obligation to protect Israel , saying "  we must unite " against the nuclear deal shaping up with Iran "  that could endanger our very existence . " On board the El-Al 767 to Washington , Netanayhu holed himself up with aides working on his speech . A pilot told us he heard the Prime Minister several times yelling from the cabin , "  No , no -- stronger , stronger . " I sat in the back cabin with about 50 journalists -- print reporters , TV correspondents and crews and photographers . I 'm told that 's about double the number of press who normally travel with him . Obama and Netanyahu : A clash of world views With 12 hours to kill , the journalists chatted about Bibi , the visit and how his planned address to Congress has morphed into an international showdown of mythic proportions . We even found the movies on the plane steeped in symbolism : "  The Imitation Game " -- an Academy Award-winning story about how a lone genius mathematician defeated all odds to crack Nazi codes and help save Europe from Hitler 's grasp . Then there was "  The Hunger Games : Mockingjay , Part 1 " a tale of a group of oppressed people led by a brave revolutionary who hopes good will triumph over evil . Okay , maybe that "  s a stretch . I did say it was a very long flight . Bibi , as he is called , never came back . Officials traveling with him said it was because he was busy with the speech . I never thought I would come to appreciate the access the American diplomatic press corps gets aboard the Secretary of State 's plane . A senior official did come back to brief the reporters just before landing , telling us the Prime Minister would be laying out the details he understands to be part of the nuclear deal shaping up with Iran and urge Congress to press the Obama administration to push back the March 24 deadline for a political framework . Netanyahu , the official said , saw the speech as a "  last chance " to avert a bad deal with Iran , which could threaten Israel 's future . We arrived at Andrews Air Force Base to a snowy evening and took the motorcade to Washington . Time will tell if this was indeed a historic flight or a flight of fancy .	Netanyahu worked on his speech while on the way to Washington Official said Netanyahu sees speech as "  last chance " to avert bad deal with Iran Netanyahu has called this trip "  historic "
CNN  -- A former Massachusetts state chemist accused of misconduct in thousands of criminal cases was arraigned in two different courts Wednesday on additional charges relating to her alleged false claims about holding a master 's degree in chemistry . In the morning , Annie Dookhan , 34 , of Franklin , Massachusetts , pleaded not guilty to three counts of obstruction of justice in Middlesex Superior Court in Woburn , Massachusetts . Her next court date there is February 8 for a pre-trial conference . In the afternoon , she again pleaded not guilty to two counts of obstruction of justice in Norfolk Superior Court in Dedham , Massachusetts . She was released on her personal recognizance and is scheduled for another pre-trial conference there in February . Read more : Chemist in Massachusetts drug sample case lied about degree In December , Dookhan was indicted in Suffolk County in Boston on charges relating to alleged mishandling of evidence and obstruction . Massachusetts authorities are reviewing the sentences of 1,140 people who are in prison after being convicted with evidence at least partly provided by Dookhan . She is facing charges in several counties in Massachusetts because she had previously testified in various trials in her former official capacity as a chemist . In October , police arrested the former chemist on accusations that she had lied about drug evidence she handled while working at a state police lab and pretended to hold a master 's degree in chemistry from the University of Massachusetts . She allegedly "  lied about the integrity of drug evidence that she analyzed , " the attorney general said in a statement last year . The former chemist has admitted to wrongdoing during her nine-year employment with the Department of Public Health . Read more : Chemist pleads not guilty to lying about evidence as review of cases goes on A preliminary investigation looked into every case Dookhan may have touched from 2003 until she left last March , and it is possible she touched 60,000 samples that were involved in 34,000 drug cases . "  There will be designated court sessions in each county to hear the cases , " Chief Justice Robert Mulligan said last October in a statement . "  The Trial Court is fully cooperating with the prosecutors and defense counsel who are responding to these issues . " State police were tipped off last July by Dookhan 's co-workers at the William A. Hinton State Laboratory in Jamaica Plain who alleged her work might be unreliable . At the time , state police were taking over what had previously been a Department of Public Health drug laboratory , which certified random drug tests for the police departments in Norfolk , Suffolk , Middlesex and Bristol Counties , as well as for Cape Cod and the nearby islands . During the takeover , authorities learned from employees how they were afraid to verify the work of Dookhan , said a spokesman for the Executive Office of Public Safety and Security . Dookhan worked as a chemist in the Hinton State Lab 's drug analysis unit -- which tested drug evidence submitted by law enforcement agencies across the state -- from 2003 until last March , when she resigned , according to a statement last month by Massachusetts attorney general 's office . She was promoted from chemist I to chemist II in 2005 . Her work was "  consistently the highest in the lab among her co-workers " until June 2011 , when an evidence officer discovered that 90 samples of drugs had been improperly "  scanned out of the drug safe " and that Dookhan 's name appeared on the control card as the primary chemist , the attorney general 's office said . "  The next day , when Dookhan was confronted with the log book , the initials of Gloria Philips had suddenly appeared in the book , " the attorney general 's statement said . Phillips was an evidence officer , according to the statement . Dookhan denied writing the initials at first , but she "  later confessed to investigators " that she forged them "  to cover up her misconduct , " the statement said . Last July , Massachusetts State Police investigators interviewed lab employees . On August 28 , Dookhan "  admitted to ` dry labbing ' some of the samples , " the statement said . "  Dry labbing " is the practice of merely visually identifying samples instead of performing the required chemical test , the attorney general said . "  It was discovered that Dookhan would assemble multiple drug samples from different cases that appeared to be the same substance . She would then perform the chemical tests on a few of the samples to verify that the samples were in fact the drug she believed they were , and if those were positive , would assume all the samples were positive without performing the necessary chemical tests , " the attorney general said . Massachusetts Gov. Deval Patrick ordered the lab to be shut down on August 30 .	Former chemist , 34 , faces new charges about alleged lying about master 's degree She pleads not guilty to obstruction charges in two courtrooms Wednesday Last month , she was indicted in a third court , in Boston , for alleged misconduct It 's possible she touched 60,000 samples involved in 34,000 drug cases
CNN  -- War and humor make strange bedfellows , but in the absurdity of Syria 's nearly three-year civil war , one town has made laughter a form of resistance . From caricatures of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad with a skunk 's body and chemical weapons smoking from his bottom to posters reading "  Rebuilding houses takes some time , but humanizing ASSad can never happen " the northern town of Kafr Nabl has gained fame for its satirical portrayal of the conflict . "  Laughter means life . We want to live and we need to live . We need to send a message to the world that we are human and we want to live , " said Raed Fares , head of the opposition Kafr Nabl media center . In its latest comedic production , an amateur cast of activists , civilians and Free Syria Army rebels dressed like cavemen and mocked the inaction of the international community in a video called "  Kafranbel : The Syrian Revolution in Three Minutes . " "  I thought it would be good to use cavemen because of the language . I do n't need to translate or say anything ; everybody all over the world can understand without talking , " said Fares , who produced and directed the video . In the first two scenes , the cavemen demonstrate against al-Assad only to be killed first by gunfire then by TNT , but when the oppressors fire chemical weapons , previously uninterested bystanders representing the international community intervene to confiscate the gas . In the final scene , the killing continues sans chemical weapons and with approving thumps from the international community . "  Something was very wrong with  President Barack  Obama 's actions that he will strike Assad just to get rid of chemical weapons . It was like he was arresting the weapons and letting the criminal go free , " Fares said . The media-savvy group received tens of thousands of views for its latest production and boasts a large audience on Facebook , where its members post pictures of the caustic placards carried in the group 's weekly Friday demonstrations against the government . "  I do n't trust governments all over the world anymore . I trust people , so I try to touch the people all over the world and explain our revolution . That it 's not like the regime keeps trying to show it like a civil war or a war against terrorism . We are humans who need our freedom and our dignity , but he killed us , " Fares said .	Rebels in northern Syrian town chide al-Assad with satirical posters , videos Leader says laughter shows world "  we are human and we want to live " Latest video features civilians and Free Syria Army rebels dressed like cavemen
As Venezuelan opposition leaders push for demonstrators to stay in the streets , "  he who tires , loses " is their mantra . Lilian Tintori de Lopez , the wife of jailed Venezuelan opposition leader Leopoldo Lopez , held up a T-shirt showing the phrase before protesters Monday . Beside her , opposition leader Henrique Capriles called for demonstrators to keep demanding change from the South American country 's government and described President Nicolas Maduro as "  an error in the history of the country . " Outrage at soaring crime and a tanking economy triggered protests earlier this month . Tintori called for a new demonstration Wednesday , asking women to march silently in peaceful protest , wearing white and carrying white flowers for each of their children , "  for the future of our children and grandchildren . " On their arms , she told them to wear black bands , "  because we are in mourning for all those who have fallen in recent days . " Venezuelan Attorney General Luisa Ortega Diaz said Monday that 13 people have died and at least 147 people have been injured in clashes since protests began . Forty-five people detained during demonstrations remain behind bars ; nine of them are government forces , she said . Opposition leaders and government officials blame each other for the unrest , and both sides show no sign of backing down . In a nationally televised government meeting , Maduro said he was convening a peace conference on Wednesday for mayors , governors and leading lawmakers to sign a deal renouncing violence . As anti-government demonstrators barricaded streets and tried to maintain their momentum , supporters also rallied behind Maduro on Monday . Pro-government motorcycle clubs were the latest core group to show public support for Maduro , who insists the opposition is trying to stage a U.S.-funded coup attempt . Some opposition protesters have accused bands of pro-government motorcyclists of fueling violence during demonstrations . Maduro called on the crowd Monday to help protect peace in the country and exercise "  maximum self control . " "  Do not fall for provocations and prepare yourselves , " Maduro said . "  We are facing a massive plan . ... We have to be prepared every day to defeat the continuous fascist coup . "	Venezuelan opposition protesters push to maintain momentum The country 's attorney general says 13 people have died in clashes during protests Supporters rally behind President Maduro , who says he 's planning peace conference
Why return to a favorite story 25 years after it began ? For author Neil Gaiman , the answer lies in one word : "  joy . " In speaking with CNN , Gaiman used the word more than once to describe his experience with "  The Sandman , " the comic book series that started in 1988 and achieved widespread acclaim , originally ending in 1996 . The story was a revolutionary reboot of a superhero character from the 1970s . Gaiman was given free rein at the time to make him completely different and ran with it . Now , Gaiman is back with the new series "  Sandman : Overture , " and the second issue is set for release on Wednesday . Gaiman has since written many popular novels including "  Stardust , " "  Neverwhere , " "  American Gods , "  Coraline " and most recently , "  The Ocean at the End of the Lane . " But for many fans , "  Sandman " -- an oftentimes surreal story about the realm of dreams , which originally ran 75 issues -- remains his best known work . Actor Joseph Gordon-Levitt is a fan , and he 's producing a possible "  Sandman " film . "  Overture " is Gaiman 's first new "  Sandman " story in 10 years  2003 saw his last "  Sandman " follow-up , the graphic novel "  Sandman : Endless Nights "  . The "  Sandman " series primarily follows the character Dream , who appears with various names and forms and has control over the dreams of everyone and everything . CNN has an exclusive look at several pages of artwork from "  Overture , " and Gaiman spoke to us about the return of some of his most popular characters , and why they 're back now . DC Comics is owned by CNN 's parent company , Time Warner . CNN : What made you resurrect "  Sandman ? " Gaiman : It was a combination of things . The joy of stopping "  Sandman " at the time was I did n't tell all the "  Sandman ' "  stories I could ever tell . But I did finish the story I started in " ` Sandman " No. 1 . The joy was if I wanted to I could go back and do more . That was where  1999 's  "  Sandman : Dream Hunters " came from . That was where  2003 's  "  Sandman : Endless Nights " came from and now "  Sandman : Overture . " It was the idea of going back and telling all these stories and all these things that I know and other people do n't know . So why do n't I tell them ? While that 's all true , the other thing that drove it was I originally wanted to tell this story back in 2008 . It would have been "  Sandman 's " 20th anniversary . For various reasons , DC  Comics  could n't make it happen . So when  DC Comics president  Diane Nelson came in , she asked is there anything you want to do ? And I said I 'd really love to do the story for "  Sandman 's " 25th anniversary . It seems huge and a great thing to mark . And she said , ` What a great idea ! " And we set out to do it . CNN : The art of "  Sandman " has always been extraordinary and otherworldly . What did you have in mind for this one ? Gaiman : We had an extremely short list . We had J.H. Williams III , and we 're incredibly fortunate that he said yes . It 's probably the most beautiful art that I have ever seen in a periodical comic . Whenever he does a page , he takes a photo . I look at the detail and the design . What he 's doing is unbelievable . It 's unlike anything I 've ever seen in a monthly comic . The scene at the end of the first issue of "  Sandman : Overture " where we see all the different Sandmans from across the universe , all the different versions of Morpheus meeting at once . That 's been in my head for 24 years . CNN : And when can we expect more ? Gaiman : July will be issue 3 and then probably some more months then issue 4 , issue 5 and issue 6 . I 'm already missing it . The magic of ` Sandman ' is going back and finding the characters ' voices are still alive and still real . CNN : What will the fans take away from "  Overture ? " Gaiman : The lovely thing about this is I genuinely do n't know what the fans will respond to . There 's nothing you have to know to read the comic . There 's already things which I 've written so far in "  Sandman : Overture , " which when you go back and read the original comic , things will change . CNN : What makes you decide to write a comic book as opposed to a novel , when you have these different kinds of storytelling available to you ? Gaiman : Mostly it 's "  Do I want to see this drawn ? " One of the most interesting things about "  Sandman : Overture " is I really , really wanted to see the pictures . The stuff in issue 3 is the nearest "  Sandman " has ever come to a spaghetti Western . It 's not like anything I 've ever done in any other way . When I 'm outlining a comic , I write down the numbers 1 to 24 , and I jot down what 's happening on each page , because I have to think of things in terms of pages , and double page spreads . In a novel , if I want to move a scene , I just cut and paste . In a novel , it 's a completely different conversation . CNN : Is there still more "  Sandman " on the horizon ? Gaiman : Can I tell "  Sandman " stories until I die ? The characters are still in my head ; they 're still there . But there 's so many more things I need to write before the long night comes , before I put the pen down for the last time . I really hope there 's more "  Sandman " in there . It would be sad if there was n't . But there 's so much more left to write . CNN : Are there more stories you 'd like to revisit ? Gaiman : The next thing coming out is a little revisit of "  Neverwhere , " which came out many years ago . It 's a "  Neverwhere " short story called "  How the Marquis Got His Coat Back , " coming as part of  the anthology  "  Rogues " in September , edited by George R.R. Martin . CNN : And is there a "  Sandman " movie in the works , as well as a TV series of "  American Gods ? " Gaiman : I think I 'm allowed to tell you that Joseph Gordon-Levitt signed on as a producer for the "  Sandman " film , and I had a fantastic day spent with Joe talking "  Sandman , " and his knowledge and commitment to it impressed the hell out of me . And "  American Gods , " wait and see . People are being talked to , exciting things are going on . CNN : What advice do you have for writers who have read your work and want to try their hand at it ? What pitfalls should be avoided ? Gaiman : The biggest pitfall to avoid is not writing . Not writing is really , really easy to do , especially if you 're a young writer . The hope that elves will come in the night and finish it for you , is a very common one to have . That is my main recommendation . You have to write , and you have to finish what you write and beyond that , it 's all detail .	"  Sandman : Overture " is author Neil Gaiman 's first Sandman comic book story in 10 years "  The Sandman , " first published in 1988 , made Gaiman a big name in the world of comic books Gaiman was finally able to have new comic ready for "  Sandman 's " 25th anniversary
CNN  As ominous music plays , the ISIS flag flutters , child fighters wield weapons and graphic images of beheadings flash across the screen . At first , it seems like one of the notorious , slick jihadist recruitment videos flooding the Internet . But the tone quickly shifts . There are images of Syrian children crying , dead bodies lying on the floor and dire warnings : "  You will discover hell on Earth " and "  You will die alone far from home . " The video campaign , which started this month , is the latest volley in a fierce battle being fought online between the French government and jihadist groups . What 's at stake is nothing less than the lives of the country 's youth . It 's an idea that 's catching on . Online recruiting by extremist groups was among topics discussed this week at a White House summit on countering violent extremism . Several online initiatives to combat those recruiting efforts are being launched by various countries , including France . Brazen , brutal : 5 terror groups making headlines "  This is clearly a communication war against jihadist groups , " Jean-Charles Brisard , head of the independent French Center for the Analysis of Terrorism , told CNN . "  And it is going to be a long-term endeavor . " And even though the latest "  battlefields " are social media platforms and no real bullets are being fired , there are French civilians already caught in what amounts to a cyber-crossfire . Precise figures on the number of Europeans who have gone to Iraq and Syria -- and which jihadist groups they have joined -- are hard to come by . The consensus among counter-terrorism analysts is that more than 3,000 have traveled , of whom 500 have returned . In France , officials say the stakes are high . Recruiting by jihadist groups has been successful there . More than 400 of its citizens are believed to be fighting in Syria or Iraq , according to Prime Minister Manuel Valls , and another 1,000 or so are believed to have some involvement with those groups . President Francois Hollande 's government started its first anti-ISIS online communication campaign , "  Stop Jihadism , " on February 5 . The effort is aimed at countering recruiting in France by ISIS and other jihadist groups . The French government 's campaign , posted on YouTube , features an online video edited in the style of an ISIS video -- complete with harrowing music showing screenshots of Facebook accounts from ISIS supporters . After a few seconds , a Facebook message from a purported ISIS supporter pops up on the screen : "  Hey , I like the stuff you like on Facebook . Are you interested in what 's going in Syria these days ? If you have any question , do n't hesitate . The truth is over there , you should go ! ... I can put you in touch with friends who are fighting there . " Then , the images of crying children and the warning about "  hell on Earth " play . "  This is video is very simple and goes straight to the point , " Brisard said . "  It is important to counter propaganda . It is worse to do nothing . " But ISIS fired back just two days after France began its new initiative , posting its own material with French-speaking ISIS fighters mocking the government 's campaign . ISIS supporters used Twitter to post graphics with the same typography and the same kind of slogans as the French government campaign . When the French government used catchphrases such as , "  If you go to Syria , you will massacre civilians , " ISIS supporters replied online with slogans telling potential recruits if they go to Syria , they would be "  happy to kill " their enemies , as opposed to leading depressed lives in France . Other jihadist groups have joined in the effort to counter the French campaign . Omar Diaby , purported to be one of the most influential French jihadist recruiters , released a trailer video focused on the January attacks in Paris . The video , called "  Once upon a time Charlie , " an obvious reference to the satirical magazine Charlie Hebdo , features French-speaking al Qaeda fighters , uses special effects , music and voices of male , female and teenage jihadists . Speakers in the video praise the names of the brothers who carried out the attacks , and they try to argue against the French government with lines such as , "  France pretends to be a country of free speech but censors all the time our video . " Last September , the French government commissioned an anti-radicalization organization called the Prevention Center Against Sectarianism Related to Islam , which goes by the French acronym CPDSI , to counter online recruitment of French youths by jihadist groups . "  The recruitment and the first contacts are most of the time established on the Internet , " said Donia Bouzar , director of CPDSI . According to a study published by the CPDSI , jihadists in charge of online recruitment use specific arguments to attract young people . These arguments target five different categories of individuals who could be susceptible to recruitment such as "  heroic knight " for men or "  humanitarian cause " for women . Other categories include young people who are avid players of war video games , aimless teens looking for a leader or people who are simply "  in need of power . " According to the CPDSI , young French people who get involved with jihadist groups are from a range of economic , social and religious backgrounds . In fact , most of the families whose teens become involved with jihadist groups consider themselves to be nonreligious or atheist , the CPDSI says . "  The jihadist in charge of online recruitment will look for key words on social media , " Bouzar said on French TV Canal Plus . "  They will look for people who have Facebook or Twitter statuses mentioning they want to be nurses or social workers , for example . " French journalist Anna Erelle knows that type of effort well . During a recent month , she pretended to be "  Melanie , " a young French woman converted to Islam who wanted to join ISIS . In her book "  In the Skin of a Jihadist , " she tells how she decided to be in virtual contact with French jihadi already in Syria and Iraq . One of them , a 38-year-old man , was especially insistent and did everything he could to get her to travel to Raqqa , Syria . "  I had a fake Facebook account and I wanted to understand why a young French woman would want to leave her family and her friends to join ISIS , " Erelle told CNN . "  I was shocked by how the jihadists become quickly ever-present in your daily life . When they have a target they wo n't stop . " A 16-year-old French girl that the government identifies only as "  Léa " echoes that , saying repeated contacts began after she posted online that she wanted an altruistic job -- she wanted to be a nurse . "  More than 50 people were contacting me per day . It was all day . They contacted me in the morning , at night . They were men , then women . They wanted me to attack a synagogue in Lyon  France  , " said Léa , according to the French government . Some Muslims in French-speaking countries say the government 's new campaign is culturally insulting , and holds Muslims as a group to ridicule . A French-speaking Belgian organization named Muslim Rights Against Islamophobia said the French campaign completely is "  full of generalizations and conflations . " One online graphic in the campaign shows nine signs of radicalization parents should look for in their teens , including "  changing the way they dress , " "  stopping listening to music " or "  eating differently . " "  It 's not because we have a beard or that we do n't listen to mainstream music that we are necessarily going to attack someone , " Redwane Tehla , a 22-year-old Muslim student in Paris told CNN . "  Again , in France , the Muslim community is blamed for jihadism . "  The problem is not Internet , the problem is Islamophobia in France ... France is not fighting against the real social problems that push people to go join ISIS , " Tehla said . The French government insists that its campaign is legitimate and is to "  prevent young people from turning to terrorism activities . " "  We know that 90 percent of French young jihadists started on the Internet , " Interior Minister Bernard Cazeneuve said at a press conference the day the government launched the website . Some terrorism experts agree with the French government 's strategy . "  It is not supposed to stigmatize the Muslim community , it is supposed to stigmatize terrorists . The French government needed to be shocking and had to make a powerful statement , " says terrorism expert Jean Paul Ney . "  This needs to be fought the same way intelligence services would fight against a sect -- with mass mind control through propaganda . " Experts say it 's too early to tell whether the new campaign is producing results , but they point out that France is not the first country to have started an online platform against ISIS propaganda . The U.S. State Department launched the campaign "  Think Again Turn Away " last September , which also used a graphic video using ISIS 's own pictures . "  All governments involved in the war against terrorism are trying to find new tools to stop jihadists ' online recruitment , " Brisard told CNN . "  Internet recruiting is new , we all grope around and see what could work best . "	More than 400 French citizens are believed to be fighting in Syria or Iraq , the government says France has launched an effort to counter online recruiting by jihadist groups
CNN  More drones were spotted flying over Paris overnight , the city prosecutor 's office said Wednesday . The unmanned aerial vehicles were spotted above Rue de Vaugirard , the Assembly , the city 's east train station , Porte de Saint-Ouen and Porte de la Chapelle between 11 p.m. Tuesday and 2 a.m. Wednesday . Authorities are investigating . The sightings come a day after five drones were reportedly seen flying over other sensitive and well-known areas of Paris . They were seen over the Eiffel Tower , the Bastille , Place de la Concorde , Les Invalides and the U.S. Embassy , said Agnes Thibault-Lecuivre , a spokeswoman for the Paris prosecutor 's office . The drones were seen between midnight and 6 a.m. Three journalists working for Al-Jazeera were arrested Wednesday afternoon after being spotted using drones in the Bois de Boulogne , a spokeswoman for the Paris prosecutor said . There was no connection to the mystery drone flights over the past two days , the spokeswoman said . All three were released Thursday , but the one who was identified as operating the drone will likely be prosecuted , the city Prosecutor 's spokeswoman Agnès Thibault-Lecuivre told CNN . Al-Jazeera said its crew was working on a story about the mystery . "  We will comment further when more information is available , " a spokeswoman said . CNN 's Sandrine Amiel in Paris contributed to this report	Drones are seen for a second night in Paris They hovered over Paris landmarks
The number of people enrolled in Obamacare stands at 7.5 million -- an increase of 400,000 since the Obama administration announced it surpassed its April 1 target , Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius told the Senate Finance Committee Thursday . The White House confirmed the increase in the number of people who have signed up on federal or state exchanges for coverage under the Affordable Care Act . President Barack Obama announced on April 1 that 7.1 million people had enrolled , surpassing the administration 's goal of 7 million enrollments by that date . That was a surprising victory for the administration after a rocky rollout of the program , which has become a political hot potato for Democrats and a rallying cry for Republicans . The enrollment period began anemically in October with a faltering federal website . But signs of a pickup began in late January and continued into February and early March despite a fierce campaign by Republicans to demonize the law as unworkable .	Enrollment grew by 400,000 since administration announced it surpassed April 1 target Sign-ups steadily grew after rocky rollout Republicans are still opposed to the Affordable Care Act
In our Behind the Scenes series , CNN correspondents share their experiences in covering news and analyze the stories behind the events . After a one-on-one interview with President Obama on Wednesday , CNN en Español 's Juan Carlos López is traveling with Obama to Mexico City and to the Summit of the Americas in Trinidad and Tobago . President Obama and Mexican President Felipe Calderón in Mexico City on Thursday . MEXICO CITY , Mexico  CNN  -- It 's the return of an American president to Mexico City . Although George W. Bush visited the country several times , he never made it to this city of more than 20 million people , and it is President Obama 's first visit to Latin America . Obama 's relationship with Mexico started on shaky ground , although the first foreign leader he met with as president-elect was Mexican President Felipe Calderón . Reports from the Pentagon and the CIA considered that Mexico was at risk of becoming a failed state , something that did n't sit well with the Calderón government . Washington corrected course and even admitted its own responsibility in Mexico 's growing drug war , which killed 6,000 last year alone . Statements by Cabinet members and Obama himself calmed things down , but tensions arose again . Congress ended a pilot program that allowed Mexican trucks into U.S. territory , as contemplated in the North America Free Trade Agreement ; Mexico , in line with the treaty , retaliated by imposing fees on 90 U.S. products . Even so , the bilateral relationship is at a high point and large-scale protests are n't expected when Obama visits the Mexican capital . But there are pending issues , such as immigration reform , trade and a pressing question in this capital : Who will the next U.S. ambassador be ? Local media have been reporting that Carlos Pascual , a Cuban-American expert on Europe and a former U.S. ambassador to Ukraine , is Obama 's choice , but the fact that he wrote a report for the Brookings Institute on Iraq and the importance of reconstructing a failed state was n't well received in political and government circles . Obama and Calderón have a lot to sort out in this one-day visit . Then comes the Summit of the Americas in Trinidad and Tobago , where Obama will face 33 heads of state , including Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez , who called Obama ignorant on Latin-American issues , and other leaders who want Cuba , a member of the Organization of American States suspended since 1962 , to be reinstated . Although Obama lifted some restrictions on travel and remittances to the island by Cuban-Americans , many in the region want more , including the lifting of the decades-old embargo , something Obama says he is not considering . It is not clear if Obama will be welcomed in the same way he was by Europe two weeks ago , but so far the signs are positive -- to have a U.S. president saying he is willing to listen to and treat Latin American neighbors as equals is something the region is n't used to .	Lopez : Obama 's relationship with Mexico started on shaky ground But now , the bilateral relationship is at a high point , he says Lopez : Pending issues , such as immigration reform , trade There also is high interest in who will be U.S. ambassador to Mexico , he says
CNN  -- Washington needs to be reformed . With polls consistently showing that Americans distrust their government and an abundance of evidence that our political system is not working well  some polls have shown that legislators are less trusted than car salesmen  , the urgency of improving the rules and procedures through which our politicians govern is essential . It is a good time to look back at the Watergate Babies , most of whom have left town . Over the past month , two of the giants from this class , California Reps. George Miller and Henry Waxman have announced that they will retire . Almost the entire class is gone , other than Sen. Patrick Leahy of Vermont and Minnesota Democrat Rick Nolan . The class of Democrats elected in 1974 in the aftermath of President Richard Nixon 's resignation amidst the Watergate scandal believed that to achieve better policies , legislators needed to clean up the political process . Nixon had been brought down from power as a result of evidence that he had covered up the investigation into whether White House officials had been involved in a burglary at the Democratic campaign headquarters in the Watergate complex . The new Democrats were younger than their predecessors , many had been elected in Republican districts where voters were furious with Nixon and many wanted to move beyond the traditional policy orthodoxies that had defined Democrats since the New Deal . Unlike so many politicians who keep their eyes focused almost exclusively on what bills they want to pass and accept the political system for what it is , the 75 Watergate Babies insisted government reform needed to be at the top of the agenda . They did n't just complain about government , they took steps to make it work better . This was the only way to correct what had gone wrong in the early 1970s . "  There is a mood of reform in the air on Capitol Hill , " noted Common Cause when the freshmen arrived . When the freshman class arrived to Washington , they refused to go along with the status quo . One of their biggest steps was to demand that several senior committee chairmen , who were used to having everyone defer to them , answer questions about whether they would be responsive to the interests of the Democratic Caucus . When a few of them refused , the freshmen led the caucus in stripping them of their power . Edward Hebert , the crusty old chairman of the House Armed Services Committee , insulted the freshmen by calling them "  boys and girls " in front of reporters . In doing so , he sealed his fate . One legislator said that the chairman had "  underestimated the intelligence of the people he was talking to . We may be new kids on the block , but we 're not stupid . " The Washington Post concluded , "  a revolution has occurred . The seniority system as the rigid , inviolable operating framework of the House has been destroyed . " The Watergate Babies also led the way in instituting changes in rules and regulations . Working in an alliance with liberal Democrats who had been in office since the late 1950s , their sunshine laws opened up much more of the legislative process to public and media scrutiny . They instituted ethics reforms that created new standards of accountability for politicians in the executive and legislative branches . They ensured that the new campaign finance laws required disclosure of information about who gave money to whom , and that the Federal Election Commission was capable of monitoring the laws . They reformed the filibuster rules to lower the number of senators required to end a filibuster , from two-thirds to three-fifths of the Senate , while providing party leaders more tools so that they could keep members in line  back then reformers wanted more partisanship , not less  . Over time , the Watergate Babies lost much of their zeal for government reform . This class of Democrats eventually focused their attention on policy issues , becoming less interested in cleaning up the political process . Waxman was a pioneer on issues such as the environment and health care , while Miller was a legislative giant who fought for programs like the minimum wage while others like Colorado 's Gary Hart emphasized public investment in high tech industries and new approaches to defense . Some of the reforms also did n't work out as they intended . But the original focus of the Watergate Babies is an important legacy and one that we should not forget . Their central argument that major policy innovations are impossible unless we make the political system better is one that would be worth remembering . Although President Barack Obama made political reform part of his 2008 campaign promises , the issues faded quickly from his agenda . Nor have the tea party Republicans , who love to rail against the way that Washington works , really devoted much time to questions such as campaign finance . Rather , their emphasis has been about cutting the government down in size . Today , reform is urgent . We badly need campaign finance rules that impose limits on what independent organizations can spend and lobbying reforms that seriously close the revolving door between Capitol Hill and the K Street lobbying complex . Without procedural reforms to weaken the power of party leaders , heightened partisanship in the House and Senate wo n't subside . Without rules to change the budgeting process , the ability of our Congress to make decisions about spending and taxation in a more rational process -- one that does not constantly risk default -- will be extraordinarily difficult as well . Without reforms that make sure continued bastions of secrecy , such as conference committees , open up their doors , there will be ongoing frustration with a lack of accountability in politics . As Waxman and Miller step down , it is time to celebrate what they represented in their heyday during the 1970s . Politicians need to devote some of their capital to strengthening the processes of decision-making and governing . That 's vital to restoring trust in government . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Julian Zelizer .	Julian Zelizer : The last few reformers elected after Watergate are retiring Their key message : Cleaning up government should precede policy changes Zelizer says Barack Obama promised change in 2008 but largely abandoned the effort He says U.S. needs to rein in lobbyists , regulate campaign donations , remove secrecy
CNN  -- Gulf Coast chefs and fishing advocates claim , "  Come on in ; the water 's fine ! " but find themselves facing a public awash in apprehension over potentially oil-tainted seafood . When New Orleans , Louisiana , chef John Besh recently urged people to choose U.S. shrimp over imports during an interview about the state of seafood in the wake of the Gulf of Mexico spill , commenters responded negatively , writing , "  What 's a little tar or mercury in your system anyways ?! " and "  I hope you enjoy the petrol in your fish . " Another commented , "  You eat the fish from down there , do n't complain to anyone when you get cancer in 10-15 years . I ca n't even believe a responsible human being would advocate for eating seafood slathered in oil first . " A tweet in their response to CNN 's query about diners ' feelings on New Orleans seafood declared all post-spill offerings "  a no-geaux . " Similar sentiments abound online , despite authorities ' assurances as to the safety of seafood currently on the market . Maps and apps track spill The supply of Gulf Coast food -- and the cost of it -- fluctuates on a daily basis , with the NOAA Fisheries Services map of safe and affected fishing waters constantly being redrawn . ABC reports that in light of the reduced amount of seafood on the market , "  Fish that normally sold for $ 2.50 a pound were going for $ 3.25 . " On Tuesday , Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal declared a commercial fisheries failure to trigger aid for commercial fishermen from the Economic Development Administration . In a letter to Secretary of Commerce Gary Locke , the governor wrote , "  The waters offshore Louisiana 's coast supply nearly one-third of all commercial seafood harvested in the lower 48 states , with values in excess of $ 2.85 billion annually . As the largest provider of domestic seafood in the continental United States , protection of Louisiana 's fisheries , habitats and catch are critical to our nation 's economy and food supply . In addition to the potential biologic and ecologic impacts in these coastal communities , we must not overlook the crippling effect that this event will have on the commercial and sport fisheries in Louisiana . The seafood industry is not only a large economic driver , but a defining element of the unique culture , and a crucial tourist draw to the state . " While the impact of the Gulf Coast oil spill on the future of shellfish harvesting is unknown , the Louisiana Department of Health and Hospitals is closely monitoring conditions and sampling water at oyster beds and fishing docks to determine whether the haul is suitable for public consumption . It has the authority to order closures of areas that are deemed unsafe . The department 's daily assessments and harvesting closures are distributed to restaurants and seafood purveyors , and agency Secretary Alan Levine has released a statement declaring , "  Oysters exposed to the spill will not be permitted to be harvested , and thus are not available for consumer purchase . DHH stands by the quality of Louisiana seafood as a healthy and delicious choice for consumers . " On the other side of the Gulf , groups like the Florida Sea Grant , which operates as a partnership between the Florida Board of Education and the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Association , echo that sentiment . Steve Otwell , a seafood specialist with the Florida Sea Grant College Program , writes in an Oil Spills and Seafood Safety FAQ on the group 's website , "  All seafood sold in Florida retail stores , supermarkets and restaurants will remain safe to consume prior to and during any potential exposure to contamination from the pending oil spill . " Michael Herdon of the Food and Drug Administration backed that claim in a statement , writing , "  The FDA is closely monitoring the developing situation in the Gulf Coast region to help ensure that seafood potentially impacted by the oil spill is not making its way into commerce . Fish and shellfish harvested from areas unaffected by the closures are considered safe to eat . There is no reason to believe that any contaminated product has made its way to the market . " For the proprietor of several New Orleans restaurants and author of the award-winning cookbook "  My New Orleans , " Besh 's livelihood hinges on their assessments being correct . He said , "  We have the best and the brightest working for us on the state level , out there testing the waters every day to make sure they know exactly where this oil is and what effect it 's having . As the oil shifts and moves with currents and we get a list from Health and Hospitals telling us what fisheries have opened or closed , and we buy accordingly . " He and some other well-known chefs are putting their time and money where diners ' mouths are . Besh and TV star and celebrity chef Paula Deen will participate in a seafood cooking demo at the New Orleans Wine & Food Experience on May 29 and then join Food Network star Aaron Sanchez and James Beard Award-winning chef John Currence for a fundraising dinner at Besh 's flagship restaurant August that evening . All the proceeds will go to aid the Louisiana Wildlife and Fisheries Foundation . The help is surely needed , as the situation in the Gulf worsens and the financial future of multigenerational oyster and shrimp families hangs in the balance . "  Right now , it 's a really sad sight , " Besh said . "  We had Catholic Charities of the New Orleans area started putting together food baskets and goods and a little bit of cash for the shrimping and oyster families of southeast Louisiana , because now they 've been out of work for a long time . Many of our local fishermen , their only hope of getting work right now is helping out with oil mitigation . " Dennis O'Hern of the Fishing Rights Alliance echoes Besh 's fears that a way of life hanging by a thread is even more deeply imperiled by the spread of misinformation . "  The further you get away from the coast , the greater the perception that the fish is tainted . People will shy away from the line-caught grouper sandwich and opt for tilapia . " He continued , "  That will absolutely ruin fishing for my generation as well as my daughter 's generation . I put my roots down here ; my daughter may not be able to dive again . I recommend anybody that comes down here to fish , to do it while they can . " Even avid eaters without a stake in the business have stepped forward to offer their support . CNN contributor Donna Brazile took to Twitter to declare , "  The Louisiana Seafood Festival will be held in June . Paula Deen from the Food Network will come down for the contest . Buy Louisiana seafood . " She told CNN , " It 's still the best seafood in the world . And I know Ewell -LSB- Smith , executive director of the Louisiana Seafood Promotion & Marketing Board -RSB- is working nonstop to ensure the best quality hits our marketplace . "	Chefs and fishermen fear customers will refuse safe Gulf seafood Experts sampling water at oyster beds , fishing docks to see if haul is OK to eat Celebrity chefs head to Louisiana in show of support and to attend fundraisers
CNN  -- She lives in Monaco , and she honed her skills in Marbella and Arizona -- but world No. 1 Victoria Azarenka was most definitely made in Minsk . Hurting from a slow start to her 2011 season , Azarenka wondered if professional tennis was really the career for her . A trip back home to Belarus and a chat with her beloved grandmother soon put her back on track . "  She never really talked to me about tennis or anything specific , she just was explaining to me about when she was growing up , " Azarenka told CNN 's Open Court . "  You just look at different perspective of things and I just realize , you know what , I 'm so lucky to have an opportunity to do something that I really love and I 'm here sitting and complaining about how hard my life is because I lost a tennis match when some people are really suffering with big troubles and they have a smile on their face . " Since that conversation , Azarenka has won her first grand slam title at the Australian Open , thrashing the far more experienced Maria Sharapova in January 's final to become the first player from Belarus to win a major singles crown . The 22-year-old has also claimed the No. 1 ranking , sparked by a 26-match winning start to this season that only ended in Miami last month . While she wants to avoid coming across , as she puts it , as a "  Cinderella story , " Belarus was hardly a hotbed of tennis talent when Azarenka was growing up , and her future was never mapped out . When she started working in a local tennis center , Azarenka 's mother Alla needed a distraction for the young "  Vika " so she could get on with her job . In desperation , Alla gave her daughter a racket and ball . "  It was just fun for me to hit against the wall and one of the coaches saw me and asked me if I wanted to join the group and I was like , ' I do n't know , I 'm scared , ' but I picked it up right away , " Azarenka said . "  We did n't even step on the court for the first year and a half . We played in a hall ... and there was 40 kids and we were so happy when we would hit one ball and wait five minutes for another one . " When she was n't part of the coaching group , Azarenka was hitting against a wall at the center . When she was n't at the center , she would play against her grandfather at home with a soft ball and badminton rackets , using the sofa and bookshelves to make the tennis court . Azarenka eventually outgrew her surroundings . She trained in Spain briefly before eventually completing her tennis education in Scottsdale , Arizona . Moving away from home at the age of 15 was difficult , but Azarenka said : "  I saw my goal in the tunnel and I just wanted to do absolutely everything to reach it . " And she is n't done yet . With the top ranking and a major title in the bag , Azarenka has already moved on to new targets . With the French Open and Wimbledon approaching , she has recruited two-time grand slam champion and former world No. 1 Amelie Mauresmo to her coaching team . "  I felt that she could help me in the way that my team probably never experienced before , " Azarenka said of Mauresmo , who retired at the end of 2009 . "  She 's been through everything all ready , so those extra details or something could help , that 's what we always look for , something to be better . " The Olympics also loom large . At the last Games in Beijing , Azarenka was "  so hyper and so excited just to be there that I was n't worried about playing , I was just worried about being there and collecting pins . " She tried and failed to hunt down the autographs of record-breaking swimmer Michael Phelps and basketball 's golden boy Kobe Bryant , but come August and the London Games , Azarenka will be one of the star attractions . Her trips home to Belarus , where she is an idol for thousands of children , have prepared her for the attention . "  I do some kids clinics , and the last one I actually did in Minsk , kids came from outside the cities , it was like almost 300 kids on one tennis court and they all start pushing each other because they all wanted to play and I was supposed to play for only one hour , " Azarenka said . "  And I saw these kids , they were just like pushing each other and fighting and I said , ` Guys please stop fighting because I 'll play with each one of you until everyone is done , I wo n't go home before that . ' I was exhausted after that , but you have so much positive energy that it is just priceless . " So while Azarenka might live in glamorous Monaco with neighbors like Caroline Wozniacki and Novak Djokovic , there is only one home . "  My real home will always be Belarus where I 'm from , and it can honestly never change . "	Victoria Azarenka is the first player from Belarus to win a grand slam singles title The 22-year-old has lost one match this season , and won 26 , including four titles The world No. 1 was introduced to tennis by her mother , who worked in a tennis center Azarenka moved to the United States when she was 15 , and now lives in Monaco
EW.com  -- Get ready for this : J.K. Rowling is in the midst of penning a "  Harry Potter " encyclopedia , confirming the long-standing rumor on her official website . "  For a long time I have been promising an encyclopedia of Harry 's world , and I have started work on this now , " said Rowling in the FAQ section of the site . "  Some of it forms the new content in Pottermore . It is likely to be a time-consuming job , but when finished I shall donate all royalties to charity . " If you are n't already having heart palpitations from the news , then I hate to break it to you , but there 's a highly probable chance that you 're actually a Squib . Potter fans have been waiting for years for Rowling to revisit the magical world she created , and social website Pottermore has only managed to slightly quench our literary thirst . With this announcement , Rowling has unofficially revitalized the Potter fandom  not that it ever went away  with not just a book , but an entire freaking encyclopedia to look forward to . Even if we have to wait for that other book of hers to be completed first . Shelf Lifers , how are you reacting to this news ? Is this the greatest Potter-themed announcement since the final movie 's release ? Are you already planning your outfit for the midnight launch party ? It 's time to dust off the old Charity Burbage costume ! See the full article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	J.K. Rowling is penning a "  Harry Potter " encyclopedia Rowling : "  I have been promising an encyclopedia of Harry 's world , and I have started work on this now " Potter fans have been waiting for years for Rowling to revisit the magical world she created
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Zsa Zsa Gabor 's daughter got her wish when a Los Angeles judge appointed a conservator to oversee the 95-year-old actress 's finances and medical care Wednesday . Judge asked to intervene in Zsa Zsa Gabor 's care But the man named temporary conservator is Gabor 's ninth husband , Prince Frederic von Anhalt , who has feuded with his stepdaughter Francesca Hilton for years . Hilton contended when she filed for the conservatorship in March that von Anhalt kept her ailing mother "  increasingly isolated " and "  heavily sedated , " and she questions his handling of Gabor 's finances . Hilton is satisfied , though , because the court order requires her stepfather to provide monthly financial reports and medical records , Hilton lawyer Kenneth Kossoff said . The Hungarian-born actress was once one of Hollywood 's most glamorous women , but a broken hip and leg amputation in the past two years have left her confined to a bed . Gabor 's only child , the result of her marriage to Conrad Hilton , will also get weekly visits with her mother without von Anhalt present , the judge said . Billionaire 's son arrested as wife found dead The arrangement is an improvement for Hilton because it will "  make sure Zsa Zsa 's money is used for Zsa Zsa 's benefit and not for anybody 's birthday party , billboards or mayoral campaign , " Kossoff said . Los Angeles County Superior Court Judge Reva Goetz , who also oversees singer Britney Spears ' conservatorship , ordered an end to any powers of attorney von Anhalt might claim that would have allowed him to sell Gabor 's Bel Air mansion or other estate assets . As conservator , he must send canceled checks and other financial records to Hilton 's lawyer each month . Von Anhalt can make spending decisions with some of the money , but he must get court approval to access one bank account , Kossoff said . Hilton and von Anhalt have battled publicly for several years over Gabor 's finances and her access to her mother . "  He 's basically taken my mother away from me , " Hilton told CNN in an interview a year ago . Husband accused of ` slavery and torture ' Von Anhalt , in an interview with CNN , said he limits his stepdaughter 's access because she brings negativity into the room . "  I want smiling people in here . Happy , smiling people , " he said . He defended his care of Gabor , saying , "  I 'm going to make sure she has a good life , as long as I live , I will take care of her . " Von Anhalt , 68 , maintains a high media profile , including a run for governor of California in 2010 that he halted after his wife 's hip injury . He is currently an announced candidate for mayor of Los Angeles . He made news several years ago when he claimed to be the father of Anna Nicole Smith 's daughter after the actress 's death . Paternity tests later disproved that claim . Official : Mother abandons disabled daughter Last year , von Anhalt announced that he wanted Gabor to become a mother again using an egg donor , artificial insemination and a surrogate mother . "  That 's just weird , " Hilton said at the time . "  I 'm a retired guy , " von Anhalt said then . "  I can take care of it . " The unusual motherhood plan was never hatched . Von Anhalt is 27 years younger than Gabor , whom he married more than 25 years ago . The conservatorship agreement , reached through mediation , expires in January when the judge will revisit the case , the lawyer said .	Francesca Hilton is happy with conservator arrangement for her mom , lawyer says Gabor 's ninth husband must share financial and medical info with daughter Hilton can visit her ailing mother once a week , the judge orders Prince Frederic von Anhalt and Hilton have feuded over Gabor for years
CNN  -- As winter storms continue to pound the United States , causing billions in damage and millions to be without electricity service , customers inevitably ask why does n't somebody -- my utility , my regulator , my government -- do something about this ? Why are n't power lines , for example , buried safely underground ? It 's not that simple . The short answer ? It is expensive , requires the buy-in of multiple entities that serve the community and does n't always solve the problem . Because it costs so much to bury power lines , it 's crucial that the expense yields value for electricity consumers , who will ultimately bear all the costs associated with providing electricity service . It 's easy to see why a community under siege by intense weather would want to put the lines underground : Underground lines are protected from wind-related damage as well as ice and snow . But they also may be more vulnerable to damage from water intrusion . They 're popular , too , in densely populated areas and new subdivisions where utility poles and a plethora of overhead lines would cause a kind of overhead congestion . As of 2012 , about 39 % of the customers in the United States reported having underground electricity service . But going underground can be difficult : In the electric utility business in the United States , it is nearly impossible for the utility , regulator or government to address the question of changing how power is delivered without the sign-on and cooperation of the others . Frum : Why we should bury the power lines Let 's start with the utility company : It is closest to the challenge , managing the electricity system , but can not spend the money to change the power line configuration without the assurance from its regulator , whether it is the state public service commission or a city commission , that it will recover its investment through the rates it charges to its customers . For its part , the regulator can not directly fix the power lines but still must ensure that any money the utility spends provides value for consumers . Finally , the government , or the other voice for the consumers , must determine whether consumers are willing to pay for such a change .  The state of Florida 's reaction in the wake of the 2004-2005 hurricane seasons provides a model for this type of cooperative effort , as utilities , regulators and government officials meet every year to address the efficacy of Florida 's storm hardening efforts , including the potential undergrounding of power lines . Then there are two major challenges associated with relocating power lines underground : First , it is very expensive . Burying power lines costs roughly $ 1 million per mile , but the geography or population density of the service area can halve this cost or triple it . In the wake of a statewide ice storm in December 2002 , the North Carolina Utilities Commission and the electric utilities explored the feasibility of burying the state 's distribution lines underground and concluded that the project would take 25 years and increase electricity rates by 125 % . The project was never begun ; the price increase was not seen as reasonable for the consumers . A 2010 study on undergrounding a portion of the electricity system in the District of Columbia for the Public Service Commission found that costs would increase rapidly as utilities tried to underground more of their service territory . The study concluded that a $ 1.1 billion  in 2006 dollars  investment could improve the reliability for 65 % of the customers in the utility 's service territory , but an additional $ 4.7 billion would be required to affect the remaining 35 % of customers in outlying areas . That is , over 80 % of the costs for the project would be required to benefit roughly one third of the customers . Burying the lines raises another potential problem : reduced accessibility of the lines , making it more difficult to repair the system . So while customers may see fewer outages as a result of undergrounding , the duration of those outages may increase . Electric users ask : Why not put power lines underground ? Other benefits of undergrounding , such as aesthetic ones , may be more difficult to quantify , but studies have shown that consumers are sometimes willing to pay more for underground service . Second , burying power lines does not always protect them from storm damage . It may mitigate damage from wind events such as flying debris , falling trees and collected ice and snow , but so can trimming trees , replacing wood poles with steel , concrete or composite ones , or reinforcing poles with guy wires . These strategies may be nearly as effective in reducing storm damage and may cost less . Finally , undergrounding power lines only shifts the risk of damage from wind events to the risk of damage from corrosive storm surge and flooding that may result from rainfall or melting ice and snow . Areas with greater vulnerability to storm surge and flooding will confront systems that are less reliable -- and at greater cost - as a result of undergrounding . In short , whether a community should go underground with its power lines is a question to be evaluated on a case-by-case basis by the utility , its regulator and the government . Otherwise , consumers will end up spending more for their electricity service and getting less . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ted Kury .	Theodore Kury : When bad weather hits , people ask : Why not bury the power lines ? He says it appeals as way to prevent power outages , but difficulties include cost He says utility , regulators , government all must buy-in -- above-ground often easier Kury : Buried lines subject to flood damage and are hard to repair
Tripoli , Libya  CNN  -- Hundreds of people gathered Saturday in Tripoli 's Martyrs Square to mourn the victims of fighting in the capital a day earlier . At least 43 people were killed and 460 others wounded on Friday in the bloodiest day of fighting here since the fall of Tripoli in 2011 , the state run Libya News Agency LANA reported . The fighting broke out after protesters arrived at the Tripoli headquarters of militias from the coastal city of Misrata . Protesters and witnesses said militiamen opened fire on the protesters who marched on Gharghour , a southern district of the capital where Misrata militia are based , in an effort to evict the armed groups . TV footage aired on the privately owned al-Nabaa channel showed militiamen , in a truck equipped with what appeared to be an antiaircraft mounted on the back , opening fire directly at protesters . The armed confrontation lasted for hours as protesters returned with weapons and militiamen from different parts of the capital . The sound of heavy gunfire , artillery and explosions echoed across Tripoli on Friday night and clashes erupted Saturday east of the city . Libyan officials said fresh fighting broke out in the district of Tajoura , an eastern entrance to the capital , where heavily armed militiamen from Misrata were trying to enter Tripoli . At least one person was killed and eight other were wounded in the early morning fighting , LANA reported . More fighting was reported in the area in the afternoon . Prime Minister Ali Zaidan warned Saturday in a news conference that the arrival of any forces from outside Tripoli would lead to a serious escalation . "  The coming hours and days will be decisive for the future of Libya , " Justice Minister Salah Marghani told reporters . Tensions were running high Saturday on the streets of Tripoli as militiamen fortified parts of the city , setting up roadblocks and closing off some roads leading into the capital . The scene at Martyrs Square was an emotional one as people gathered for the funerals . Hours earlier , the government announced a three-day , nationwide period of mourning . Some families marched through the square carrying pictures of the dead and coffins covered by the Libyan flag . A local official read a statement to the crowd blaming the prime minister and the government for the situation . "  We will continue on this path to liberate Tripoli from these militias , " the official said . Meanwhile , much of the international community , including the United Nations and the European Union , condemned the violence and called for restraint and calm . "  The United Nations Support Mission in Libya  UNSMIL  strongly condemns the violence which took place in Tripoli on Friday 15 November , resulting in the tragic loss of life among civilians , and calls for its immediate cessation as well as supporting the efforts by authorities to restore calm , stop the bloodshed and ensure security and stability for all Libyans " UNSMIL said in a statement on Saturday . U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry called for restraint . "  Libyans did not risk their lives in their 2011 revolution for this violence to continue , " he said in a statement . "  If a free people are going to succeed in forging a peaceful , secure , and prosperous country with a government based on the rule of law and respect for human rights , then there can be no place for this kind of violence in the new Libya . " Anger against the various militias has been mounting for months in Tripoli and other parts of the country , including in the eastern city of Benghazi , which has been gripped by increasing violence , including political assassinations . Friday 's protest , which was organized in part by the Tripoli Local Council , occurred after heavy fighting in the heart of the capital last week between the Misrata militiamen and other groups from Tripoli . Militiamen from Misrata and a number of other Libyan cities entered Tripoli during the fight for the capital in August 2011 and have stayed , establishing bases in different parts of the capital . On Saturday , Zaidan renewed the government 's calls for armed groups to leave the capital , reiterating a decision passed by lawmakers months ago , one that has yet to be implemented . "  The government has decided to contact all armed groups in Tripoli and inform them about the  General  National Congress 's decision for them to leave Tripoli and it should be implemented as soon as possible " Zaidan told reporters . But many observers were skeptical about the ability of the weak central government to enforce this decision . The government has not been able to rein in militia groups with various regional , tribal and political loyalties . Last month , Zaidan was kidnapped by a militia in Tripoli group and released a few hours later by another militia group . The government has also been struggling with its plans to build an army and police . Many militia members are on the state 's payroll , but continue to operate freely with no government control or accountability . "  As long as militias and armed groups are not held to account for crimes they commit , innocent people will continue to die " Said Hanan Salah , a Libya researcher for Human Rights Watch "  The government has a responsibility here to bring the perpetrators of these crimes to justice and hold them accountable for their acts . " CNN 's Mohammed Tawfeeq , Nana Karikari-apau and Brian Walker in Atlanta contributed to this report .	At least 43 people were killed in fighting , health minister says Fighting broke out after protesters marched on militia headquarters in Tripoli A stream of ambulances delivered injured people to hospitals Militia leader says they will not leave until a constitution is approved
CNN  -- "  The Catcher in the Rye . " "  Fifty Shades of Grey . " "  The Satanic Verses . " The protest of controversial books is nothing new , but one particularly sensitive reader in Toronto issued a challenge over something a bit less sensational . That contentious tome : Dr. Seuss ' "  Hop on Pop . " Although it 's unclear whether the removal request was filed by an actual Grinch or intended in jest , the complaint stated that the book should be removed because it "  encourages children to use violence against their fathers . " The complaint further demanded that fathers be apologized to and reimbursed for any damages arising from children 's reading of the book . According to Vickery Bowles , the director of collections management , the Toronto Public Library has a system for processing requests to remove books from its collection , though fewer than 100 have been filed since 2000 . Of those , only five were actually removed "  because they contained inaccurate or dated information . " Among them was a children 's book on dairy farming that had outdated farming information . Former first lady Laura Bush outlined the potential for violence in 2006 . She said her children , when very small , actually took the book to literally mean they should jump on their father . President George W. Bush was reportedly uninjured in the incident . In addressing the complaint , the library pointed out that the book is included on many "  best of " lists for children and that Dr. Seuss is a Pulitzer Prize-winning author . However , one particular argument was probably the death knell for this request : "  The children are actually told not to hop on Pop . " The only words uttered by the eponymous Pop in the 390-word title are an admonition to refrain from such activity : "  STOP . You must not hop on Pop . " The request was officially denied , and "  Hop on Pop " remains in the library 's collection .	Complaint said "  Hop on Pop " encouraged violence against fathers The 1963 book uses rhymed words and silly pictures to help children learn to read In the book , Pop says , "  STOP . You must not hop on Pop . "
CNN  -- Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott and Indonesian President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono sought to present a united front on the controversial issue of asylum seekers Monday , as the two leaders held talks in Jakarta . The talks -- Abbott 's first on foreign soil after assuming the premiership last month -- took place in the wake of the deaths of at least 36 people on Saturday off the coast of West Java , Indonesia . "  We are determined to end this scourge , which is not just an affront to our two countries , but which has so often become a humanitarian disaster in the seas between our two countries , " said Abbott during a joint press conference with his host . OPINION : Why Australia 's asylum plan wo n't work "  They give us a burden socially and economically , " agreed Yudhoyono . "  When they want to make their way to Australia , they also burden Indonesia . So in this spirit , to enable Indonesia and Australia to solve their problem , we have to work together . " On Monday , 28 survivors were being cared for by immigration officials in the West Java city of Cianjur , according to local police spokesman Martinus Sitompol , who added that rescue and recovery efforts would continue for the next three days . Most of the boat 's occupants were from Lebanon and Iraq , officials said , while others came from Nigeria , Jordan and Iran . It 's believed they were heading for the Australian territory of Christmas Island . Last week , Abbott moved to defuse tensions with Indonesia over how Australia handles asylum seekers entering its waters , dismissing the situation as "  a passing irritant . " "  The last thing I would ever want to do is anything that does n't show the fullest possible respect for Indonesia 's sovereignty , " Abbott told Fairfax Radio . "  This is a broad and deep relationship which is going to get broader and deeper over time . "  The last thing anyone should want is to have Australia 's relationship with Indonesia defined by this boats issue , which I am sure will be but a passing irritant . " OPINION : Australian parties in ` race to bottom ' on asylum seeker policy Abbott has ordered a military-led border protection plan in response to an increased number of illegal arrivals by boat -- many of whom use Indonesia as a staging post in onward voyages into Australian waters -- and has told the Royal Australian Navy to turn back vessels when it is safe to do so . Australia 's new Liberal-Coalition government argues that the tow-back policy would show criminal syndicates in Indonesia that it was serious about smashing people-smuggling operations . Indonesia , however , has been cool towards the tow-back scheme which it sees as a violation of its sovereignty . At a meeting in New York with Australian Foreign Minister Julie Bishop last week , Indonesia 's Foreign Minister Marty Natalegawa warned that Indonesia would not accept violations of its borders , cautioning the Abbott government against taking any "  unilateral steps " that would put the "  cooperation and trust " between the two countries . Ignoring a plea from Bishop to deal with the problem "  behind the scenes , " Indonesia took the step of publishing details of the private conversation , a move seen by commentators as a blunt warning from Indonesia . " Asian diplomacy in particular is marked by understatement ... this is what makes it such an extraordinary development , " Acting opposition leader Chris Bowen told ABC TV . " It 's an unprecedented step by an Indonesian foreign minister , I ca n't recall an Indonesian foreign minister taking a step like this in relation to Australia ever before . " The Indonesian Foreign Ministry and the Ambassador to Australia both issued statements last week saying the meeting transcript was not intended to be issued . Former Australian Foreign Minister Alexander Downer weighed into the debate on Friday , saying Indonesia needed to accept responsibility for the problem . " They do have to understand that it 's their boats with their crews , their flagged boats , which are breaking our sovereignty and are breaking our law by transgressing our national borders , our maritime borders , " Downer told Fairfax Radio . " There 's no point in allowing ourselves to be bullied by the Indonesians in this way . I mean , we have to stand up for ourselves and stand up for our national interest and be prepared to call it as it is . " Indonesian researcher with Human Rights Watch Andreas Harsono told CNN that refugees were caught between harsher policies emanating from Australia and harsh conditions in Indonesia , which is not a signatory to international conventions on refugees . "  The problem in Indonesia is that there is a lack of a protection mechanism within the Indonesia legal system to protect these asylum seekers , " Harsono said , adding that refugees -- including unaccompanied minors -- were often placed in detention for a year and had no right to work or go to school on their release . He described Australia 's tow-back policy , meanwhile , as "  dangerous . " "  Most of these boats are not seaworthy , many of them do not have GPS or other navigational equipment -- to tow them back into international waters is dangerous , " he said . "  What Tony Abbott can do is to urge Indonesia to ratify the refugee conventions . " According to the latest data from the Department of Immigration and Citizenship there were 17,698 asylum seekers as of March , 2013 . The figures show a marked increase in the number of people seeking asylum in Australia , with the first three-quarters of 2012-13 already ahead of the total for the entire 2011-2012 period . The figures also show that for the first time "  irregular maritime arrivals "  IMA  , or boat people , for the first time outnumber arrivals by air  non-IMA  . Despite the recent increases in the number of asylum seekers , Australia takes just 3 % of the world 's refugees , according to figures from the United Nations High Commission of Refugees . The majority of asylum seekers arriving in Australia by boat were from Afghanistan in 2011-12 , with Iran , Sri Lanka and Pakistan the next largest groups .	Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott meets Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono in Jakarta Both leaders agreed they needed to work together to combat what they view as a problem Abbott last week dismissed an escalating diplomatic rift as a "  passing irritant " Meeting after 36 refugees were killed when their vessel sank off West Java
CNN  -- With Germany 's title race set to resume in earnest on Sunday , Bayer Leverkusen took center stage in Saturday 's Bundesliga action by claiming fifth place with a 2-0 win at struggling Cologne . Midfielder Lars Bender scored both goals to give Leverkusen successive victories for the first time since August and a one-point advantage over Werder Bremen , who crashed 1-0 at Nuremberg in the late kickoff . But it still left Leverkusen seven points adrift of Schalke , who travel to third-placed Bayern Munich on Sunday . Champions Borussia Dortmund , meanwhile , can stretch their two-point lead with victory at home to Hanover following second-placed Borussia Monchengladbach 's home draw with Hamburg on Friday . It could be a pivotal round of matches , with five points separating the top four teams . Nuremberg climbed eight points clear of the relegation zone as Alexander Esswein 's 65th-minute goal gave the visitors a second win in the last 10 meetings with the 2004 league champions . Bremen hold a two-point advantage over Hanover in the race for the final Europa League qualification spot , with Stuttgart a further five points back despite the 4-1 win over bottom side Freiburg in which Martin Harnik scored twice . Hoffenheim stayed behind their south-west rivals on goal difference after winning 2-1 at Wolfsburg , who dropped behind Hamburg and Mainz -- 4-0 victors over second-bottom Kaiserslautern . Cologne are four points above the relegation playoffs after a sixth defeat in seven , while Augsberg moved out of the bottom three with a 3-0 win over fellow strugglers Hertha Berlin thanks to two second-half goals from striker Torsten Oehrl .	Bayer Leverkusen move up to fifth place in Bundesliga with a 2-0 win over Cologne Werder Bremen drop to sixth after being beaten 1-0 by Nuremberg in late match Three of the German league 's top four teams will play on Sunday
Editor 's note : Rudy Ruiz founded RedBrownandBlue.com , a site featuring multicultural political commentary . He is host of a nationally syndicated Spanish-language radio show and wrote a guide to success for immigrants  " ¡ Adelante ! " published by Random House  . He is co-founder and president of Interlex , an advocacy marketing agency based in San Antonio , Texas . Rudy Ruiz says the lives of U.S. presidents can make them positive role models for students . SAN ANTONIO , Texas  CNN  -- Perhaps we got too used to living in a nation where the president inevitably becomes persona non grata . Maybe after the Clinton and Bush years , we forgot how to give a president a chance to serve not just as a punching bag but also as a role model . Have we become so disenchanted and polarized we ca n't give our own president a chance to teach our children something about what it takes to succeed ? As a small-town boy , I drew inspiration from presidential biographies . As I got lost in the adventures of Teddy Roosevelt , the spirit of George Washington and the ideals of Thomas Jefferson , I found kernels of America 's greatness . In those pages , I unearthed a yearning to dream beyond my surroundings , to strive for more , to seek a way to contribute to our nation . Many of the leaders , including Abraham Lincoln , born in a log cabin in Kentucky , ascended from humble beginnings on the wings of education to guide America forward . Devouring their stories , it ceased to matter where I was from or how far removed I was from the centers of power . With an education and a dream -- in America -- anything was possible . Whenever President Obama addresses our youth , he embodies the power of education . Education is the cornerstone of our democracy , the key to upward mobility , a linchpin to transforming whimsical dreams into actionable goals . Ask Bill Clinton . Raised by his widowed mother in Arkansas , he became a Rhodes Scholar . Look at Barack Obama . Emerging from a broken family , he built on degrees from Columbia and Harvard in his odyssey to the White House . Remember Dwight Eisenhower . Hailing from Kansas , he attended West Point on his way to heroism . From both sides of the aisle , education has propelled the career trajectories of our nation 's leaders . Even if we disagree with a president 's policies , we should accept he can serve as a role model in a broader way . For example , Thomas Jefferson owned slaves . Nobody would argue this was admirable . But Jefferson was also a great thinker , diplomat and strategist . He co-authored the Declaration of Independence and helped America become a global power by engaging Europe and transacting the Louisiana Purchase . Was he perfect ? Of course not . Would we want our children to emulate his every action . No way . But has he been an inspirational role model over time ? As a parent , I understand people 's concerns about the concepts to which their children are exposed . But the content of the president 's speech to students should assuage any worries regarding his motives . Clearly , his agenda is to inspire kids to make the most of education in building a better life , not to brainwash a generation to do his bidding . Pointing to his own experiences , as well as those of others from diverse and modest origins , his remarks convey the importance of personal responsibility , perseverance and education in fulfilling one 's potential while contributing to our nation 's future . The only way to argue with that is by confusing the issues , twisting the situation into something it was never intended to be . It 's gotten so bad , some folks do n't want their kids exposed to the president because they 're afraid he 'll teach them socialism . My answer is that even if he did plan to discuss socialism , they should let their child listen . Of course , the president would n't do that , but why is that my answer ? Because , as another role model -- President Reagan -- once said : "  All great change in America begins at the dinner table . " In that light , the president 's speech is n't a threat but an opportunity for families to engage their children on the issues . If parents disagree with the president 's views , they can sit down at the dinner table with their kids and explain their divergence . They may even find , when it comes to the value of education , President Obama might say something worth hearing . In the process , parents will teach their children : • That we should listen respectfully to others . Doing so , we might realize that we can appreciate certain aspects of a person while disagreeing with others , and that partial differences of opinion need n't always spur absolute rejection . • That we should respect the president because , even if we did n't vote for him , we 're still one nation . • That we should give our president an opportunity to lead by example . Obama 's presidency is still young . We do n't know what shape his legacy will take . But given his resume , regardless of politics , he 's an excellent role model on the value of education . Why not give him a chance to serve in that capacity ? iReport.com : Share your thoughts on Obama 's speech Just as I found inspiration in those biographies during my childhood , our youth might be moved by the president 's words and stories to cherish knowledge and learning , harnessing the power of education to grow into productive , exemplary Americans in their own right . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Rudy Ruiz .	Rudy Ruiz : After Clinton , Bush years , presidents are n't viewed as role models He says he drew inspiration from the lives of American presidents He says Obama and others show the power of education to improve society He says letting students hear Obama 's speech can give them a positive message
CNN  -- Pakistani government representatives on Wednesday met the Taliban for peace talks in the tribal region of North Waziristan , in the first direct contact between the two sides . Militants from the Tehreek-e-Taliban Pakistan , or TTP , have long conducted an insurgency against the Pakistani government and have claimed a number of violent attacks . The government team flew by helicopter from Peshawar to meet the Taliban negotiators at an undisclosed location , sources and state media said . TTP spokesman Shahidullah Shahid told CNN the talks , which ended in the evening , were held in a conducive environment . He said both sides had agreed to extend a cease-fire , agreed on March 1 , and that there was consensus on the exchange of noncombatants held by both sides . He said both sides were optimistic . Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif announced the initiative this year , but talks broke down last month in the wake of attacks by the group . The government said extension of the cease-fire would top the agenda at the talks , according to Pakistan 's APP news agency . It also quoted a Taliban committee member as saying his side was demanding the release of noncombatants The militants , who are fighting for their austere version of Sharia law across Pakistan , have repeatedly rejected the country 's constitution . Since taking office last year , Sharif faced mounting pressure to bring the violence under control . Pakistan suspends peace talks with Pakistani Taliban CNN 's Marie-Louise Gumuchian contributed to this report .	Talks to be held in tribal region of North Waziristan It 's the first direct contact between both sides Pakistan Taliban announced a cease-fire on March 1 Pakistan prime minister is under pressure to bring violence under control
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Teratomas of the brain are very rare and comprise less than 1 per cent of all brain tumors . Teratomas have been the subject of intense fascination among scientists because of their sometimes strange qualities -- some have been reported to contain hair , teeth , bone and , very rarely , more complex organs such as eyeballs . Thoughts about the origin of these tumors have attracted much debate . CNN spoke with Dr. Thomas L. Ellis , senior neurosurgeon at Wake Forest University School of Medicine , in North Carolina , United States , about the tumors sometimes known as "  the monsters " . He explained some quick facts : • "  Teratoma " comes from the Greek word "  teraton , " meaning "  monster " . • Teratomas are seen most commonly in children and young adults . • Teratomas are made up of tissue from all three germ layers -- mesoderm , ectoderm , and endoderm -- that occur during the formation of an embryo . • Although teratomas can occur during embryonic development , most arise much later in life . • Teratomas occur most often in the midline of the brain , therefore often obstructing and putting pressure on critical areas of the brain . This can lead to loss of basic functions , but this loss can be temporary -- until the tumor is removed or reduced in size . • Teratomas are commonly very solid and rubbery making them resistant to dissection with standard instruments .	Teratomas of the brain are very rare tumors -- less than 1 % of all brain tumors "  Mature " teratomas sometimes contain highly developed tissues like teeth and hair "  Teratoma " comes from the Greek word "  teraton , " meaning "  monster " .
Designer Ross Lovegrove is known for his clean , organic designs with flowing lines seemingly effortlessly merged with function . CNN spoke to him about water bottles , bubble cars and his approach to design . CNN : How would you describe what you do ? Ross Lovegrove : What am I ? I 'm a designer , but of course that 's a loose term these days . And often when I meet people and say I 'm a designer , they say , "  Oh , a fashion designer . " Which is not a bad thing I suppose , a bit groovy . But I 'm a designer and I work with industry , so I suppose I 'm an industrial designer . It 's not as grimy , not as deep and dark as that sounds , 'cause industry these days is very different . I 'm also a humanist and I 'm a sort of evolutionist in some ways , because what I do conforms to the concept of evolution , progress , adaptation within the field of making objects that we use everyday . CNN : Why did you choose design as a career ? Ross Lovegrove : This was the profession where you could converge invention with the art of drawing and communication . I 'm involved in everything from highly progressive lighting systems to airline interiors . In the field of transportation I can go from the micro to the macro : architecture , transportation , industrial product design , right across the board . It 's Russian dollism , because they all interrelate : one goes into the other . CNN : Tell us about some of your designs . Ross Lovegrove : I did the world 's first commercial transparent product . It sounds a bit superficial but looking inside objects celebrates every aspect of them and that 's a very beautiful thing . I did the world 's first digitally generated global product , my water bottle -LSB- for Ty Nant -RSB- . I worked on the first Airbus A380 program . The world 's lightest suitcase , the world 's first bamboo bicycle , the world 's first ceramic-bladed razor -- it lasts 25 times longer than a Bic -- the world 's first solar-powered commercial light , ten years ago . See some of Ross Lovegrove 's designs . CNN : Is design a profession that 's always moving forward ? Ross Lovegrove : That 's a lovely question in terms of how one improves , in an incremental way , that which once existed : everyday objects that we think have been done . The beautiful thing about design today is that we 're looking at the possibility of re-inventing things . Recently I worked on a pen , for example , which is made on a 3D printer , so if you 've got one of these printers you can download my data and print yourself this amazing net-like pen . It is a very complicated thing , a very beautiful , very aerated art object . It 's the idea that everyday objects could actually be revisited and improved in some way . Something like the water bottle is a perfect example of this . Why not celebrate it ? Without water there 's no life . It 's a fundamental resource that needs to be held up in the public realm every day as something that 's very important to us rather than being a disposable commodity . CNN : Tell us about the process when you design something . Ross Lovegrove : Take the water bottle again . You find a trinity between process -- how you make these bottles industrially and efficiently ; material -- the material is nontoxic , does n't leech into the water ; and is beautifully optical ; the ergonomic value that you get through the surface so it means everybody who engages with it has this sort of , "  Oh my goodness ! " and structure -- the new digital process -- you could n't have done that years ago , it 's a totally contemporary product . The bottle is a bit of a eureka because everything works in harmony . CNN : The sense of touch is so important to your work . Why is that ? Ross Lovegrove : The world we live in is not purely visual . For me it 's totally poly-sensorial so the tactile , sensual aspect of living in the work that I do is brought to the fore . CNN : Tell us about your relationship with nature . Ross Lovegrove : Nature is a very big part of my work and always has been . I 've never seen it as a trend or a fashion . It absolutely can not be because it 's fundamental to life . Nature has this magic to it . Things grow effortlessly , benignly without violence or heat . One of the clues towards our future survival is the concept of bio-mimicry , where we study nature , learn from its intelligence and copy it one way or another . Nanotechnology is beginning to do that ; how we apply these things to be as succinct and economic as possible so there 's no waste . CNN : What 's your aim in life ? Ross Lovegrove : I 'm interested in developing an aesthetic for the 21st century which comes from the intelligent use of resources , materials and structures . I 'm not interested in copying the past just 'cause there was a funky chair done in the 50s , I 'm interested in absolutely brand new , newborn , virgin ideas for things : lightness , transparency , things that you see in nature . Nature is fat free , it 's fit . You tell me what you see in society that 's fit , in terms of objects , products , people often . CNN : Do you think that 's changing ? Ross Lovegrove : Maybe in the next 15 years we 'll see a fitness coming through , we 'll see blending of ideas into everyday objects where we 've got to make everything go a bit further , work a bit better . We 've got to challenge 20th century values , which shifted from need to desire . CNN : How do you see that happening ? Ross Lovegrove : I think people need to be less passive . They need to voice their opinions more . Things are very different now because of the way we communicate through the Internet , so maybe those big changes will not come from corporations , which are steeped in other ambitions . Maybe the future is in the hands of individuals and smaller people . And now with the Internet , even if it 's a small product you can sell a different way , rather than slogging away at large corporations . CNN : Your designs are extremely innovative . How do you persuade people in industry to take such brave steps ? Ross Lovegrove : You sow the seeds in the hope that maybe somebody enlightened within the corporation would want to put their neck on the line to try to develop something which everybody would benefit from . CNN : Are people ready for groundbreaking designs like "  Car on a Stick " ? Ross Lovegrove : Right now , we have this massive freedom in being able to buy and use and park without really thinking about the common collective consequences . I do n't want to sound too stern about this , but in the future the city car has to become a democratic shared object . We ca n't all have a car . One man , one car and we 're all dead . It 's incredible the numbers we 're talking about now in emerging cultures now like India and China . But this is not doom and gloom : this is an amazing opportunity for somebody to build fantastic new economies out of things that we need and are not going to go away . The world needs a sensible car . CNN : What 's the next step for "  Car on a Stick " ? Ross Lovegrove : The next step is to find an enlightened entrepreneur who likes the idea of building it . Prototyping it and showing it at an automotive show would n't be that expensive . The difference between sitting here and just looking at one , and sitting here and driving one , is only money . Only money and a will . I 'd love to have one of these parked upstairs , it 'd fit the studio perfectly . ... . What do you think of Ross Lovegrove 's work ? What do you make of his "  car on a stick " ? Share your views -- or read others ' thoughts in the Just Imagine forum . E-mail to a friend	Lovegrove describes himself as industrial designer , humanist and evolutionist He says the Internet will play a crucial role in changing the world Lovegrove : "  In the future the city car has to become a shared object . "
KATHMANDU , Nepal  CNN  -- The leader of Nepal 's former communist rebels was named as the country 's new prime minister Friday . Prachanda is still the supreme commander of the Maoists People 's Liberation Army . Pushpa Kamal Dahal , also known as Prachanda , was elected four months after elections in which his Communist Party of Nepal  Maoist  became the largest party in the 601-member constituent assembly . Prachanda received 464 votes of the 577 votes cast , while his rival Sher Bahadur Deuba of the Nepali Congress party received 113 votes . Most of the parties in the assembly voted for the Maoist candidate . A simple majority was enough to be elected the prime minister . Prachanda 's victory became certain on Thursday when the third and fourth biggest parties in Nepal 's assembly decided to back him . He will now lead a coalition government , although talks are ongoing on about the allocation of ministerial portfolios . The Maoists signed a peace deal with the government in November 2006 , joined an interim parliament and government in 2007 and fought multi-party elections in April this year . The Communist Party of Nepal unexpectedly became the largest party in the elections , winning 220 of the 575 elected seats in the assembly . The assembly declared Nepal a republic in May and in July elected Nepal 's first president , physician Ram Baran Yadav . Prachanda , 54 , entered politics when he was 17 but went underground in 1981 , making his first public appearance after 25 years in 2006 . The Maoists launched an insurgency to abolish the monarchy in 1996 and the ten-year conflict claimed more than 13,000 lives . According to the peace deal agreed in 2008 , the estimated 19,602 Maoist combatants would be integrated into the country 's security structure , the process of which is yet to be worked out . Prachanda remains the supreme commander of the Maoists People 's Liberation Army . Besides completing the peace process , the new government has to face many challenges including inflation , lawlessness , impunity and ethnic aspirations .	Prachanda , Communist Party of Nepal chairman , won 464 out of 577 votes A simple majority was enough to be elected the prime minister Assembly declared Nepal a republic in May and July elected first president The post of president is largely ceremonial . PM has executive powers
Karachi , Pakistan  CNN  -- Do not mistake eight-year-old Bilal Ahmed 's skin-and-bones body , his beguiling smile and his big beaming eyes for weakness . Bilal changes when he steps into a boxing ring . When the pint-sized Pakistani fighter climbed into a shabby old ring at an outdoor youth center , his smile turned into a stone cold scowl . At the sound of the bell that marked the start of round one , his tiny fists at the end of his stick-like arms turned into pain-inflicting projectiles , pounding away at his opponent . "  I want to hit my opponent , " says Bilal , minutes before the fight . "  All I think about is winning . " Bilal is obsessed with winning because , to him , boxing is more than a sport . It 's the one chance he has to escape Lyari , one of the poorest , toughest and most dangerous neighborhoods in the sprawling southern port city of Karachi . Drug and gang violence is rampant here , killing nearly 100 people this year alone . "  There is shooting at night , " Bilal says . "  I wake up and go to my mom . When I grow up I 'm going to take my family away from here . " But for Lyari 's boys , the future is often bleak . Many here blame the government for failing to keep neighborhoods safe and a broken school system for robbing children of the chance to succeed . For decades boxing has given thousands of Lyari 's kids what the government has not -- a safe place to grow , learn and chase a dream . African immigrants brought boxing to Lyari in the 1940s , when Karachi was still part of British-ruled India . More than 70 years later , 22 boxing clubs , run by volunteers and private donations , have made this neighborhood Pakistan 's boxing factory . "  This is the second Cuba , " says the head of the local boxing association , Asghar Baloch , referring to the Caribbean nation that has produced some of the best boxers in the world . "  If these kids were n't here , they would be with guns and arms , " he says . "  If we continue our positive activities , we will get positive results . " Positive results at Lyari 's boxing clubs are n't necessarily trophies and victories in the ring . They 're polite , healthy children who laugh and play , children who finish school . But on this night it 's all about winning for Bilal , who 's taking on a bigger and taller opponent at an important tournament . His opponent overpowers him in the opening round but Bilal stands his ground . Round two is too close to call but Bilal wins the third and final round with lightning quick combinations and powerful right hooks . The referee raises Bilal 's arm in victory and back comes the big smile on the skinny little kid whose dream for a better life lives on .	Bilal Ahmed is from Lyari , one of the poorest and most dangerous neighborhoods in Karachi Drug and gang violence is rampant here , killing nearly 100 people this year alone For decades boxing has given thousands of Lyari 's kids a new focus African migrants brought boxing to Lyari in the 1940s when Karachi was part of British-ruled India
Washington  CNN  -- The U.S. wants to test claims by Somalia 's al Qaeda-linked group Al-Shabaab that it will lift the ban on relief organizations to avoid a humanitarian disaster caused by drought in the Horn of Africa nation , the State Department said Wednesday . The Horn of Africa region is experiencing the worst drought in 60 years , with Somalia experiencing pre-famine conditions . Al-Shabaab said Tuesday it would lift a ban on foreign food agencies in drought-hit areas under its control . The United Nations estimates 2.8 million Somalis need emergency aid . There are currently about 1.5 million internally displaced people , and the drought conditions have driven thousands of Somalis over the border into Kenya and Ethiopia . Al-Shabaab banned foreign aid organizations from operating in the country in 2009 , accusing them of being anti-Muslim . On Wednesday it reversed its stand , saying it welcomed help from any group which did not have a hidden agenda and has formed a committee to deal with the situation . The group urged all aid groups to co-ordinate their relief actions with the committee for access and assistance . State Department spokeswoman Victoria Nuland said that the U.S. was "  very concerned " about the drought and resulting food shortages . The U.S. has already delivered more than 1,900 metric tons of food aid through the World Food Program . Nuland said Secretary of State Hillary Clinton tasked her staff Wednesday with looking at what else can be done to "  avoid a major humanitarian catastrophe , " including probing whether Al-Shabaab can be taken at its word . "  The secretary wants to ensure we do all we can to avoid a humanitarian disaster , and if Al-Shabaab is now saying it will allow these humanitarian efforts , then the international community should test that because they have been a problem in the past , " Nuland said .	The al Qaeda-linked group Al-Shabaab says it will lift a ban on aid in Somalia The group banned foreign aid organizations in 2009 , accusing them of being anti-Muslim But Al-Shabaab reversed that stand on Wednesday Somalia and the Horn of Africa region are experiencing the worst drought in 60 years
Back in 1998 , just as Harry , Bella and Katniss were on the verge of owning the front shelves of bookstores everywhere , the Young Adult Library Services Association launched Teen Read Week in an effort to mold adolescent bookworms . Monday marked the start of 2013 's Teen Read Week , but with young adult literature regularly burning up the bestseller lists , it 's clear many young adults do n't need an excuse to seek out the written word : Sixteen - to 29-year-olds are the largest group checking out books from their local libraries , according to a Pew survey . Wizards , vampires and dystopian future worlds did n't always dominate the genre , which hit its last peak of popularity in the 1970s with the success of controversial novels by the likes of Judy Blume . In the years between , young adult has managed to capture the singular passions of the teen audience over a spectrum of subgenres . Now , as the book industry enjoys a second "  golden age of young adult fiction , " according to expert Michael Cart , it bears asking why young adult fiction has become so successful . The proof just may be in the timeline . Young adult books that changed our lives The very beginning The roots of young adult go back to when "  teenagers " were given their own distinction as a social demographic : World War II . "  Seventeenth Summer , " released by Maureen Daly in 1942 , is considered to be the first book written and published explicitly for teenagers , according to Cart , an author and the former president of the Young Adult Library Services Association . It was a novel largely for girls about first love . In its footsteps followed other romances , ands sport novels for boys . The term "  young adult " was coined by the Young Adult Library Services Association during the 1960s to represent the 12-18 age range . Novels of the time , like S. E. Hinton 's "  The Outsiders , " offered a mature contemporary realism directed at adolescents . The focus on culture and serious themes in young adult paved the way for authors to write with more candor about teen issues in the 1970s , Cart said . The first golden age is associated with the authors who the parents of today 's teens recognize : Judy Blume , Lois Duncan and Robert Cormier . The young adult books of the 1970s remain true time capsules of the high school experience and the drama of being misunderstood . Books like Cormier 's "  The Chocolate War " brought a literary sense to books targeted at teens . But once these books devolved into "  single-problem novels " -- divorce , drug abuse -- teens grew tired of the formulaic stories . The 1980s welcomed in more genre fiction , like horror from Christopher Pike and the beginning of R.L. Stine 's "  Fear Street " series , and adolescent high drama a la "  Sweet Valley High , " while the '90s were an eclipse for young adult . With fewer teenagers around to soak up young adult lit due to low birth rates in the mid-1970s , books for tweens and middle-schoolers bloomed . But a baby boom in 1992 resulted in a renaissance among teen readers and the second golden age beginning in 2000 , Cart said . R.L. Stine aims to give adults ` Goosebumps ' "  When I was a teen in the '90s , there were probably three shelves of teen books I wanted to read , " said Shannon Peterson , president of the Young Adult Library Services Association . "  Now , I feel like it 's evolved from three shelves to whole hallways of books . " The book world began marketing directly to teens for the first time at the turn of the millennium . Expansive young adult sections appeared in bookstores , targeting and welcoming teens to discover their very own genre . J.K. Rowling 's well-timed "  Harry Potter " series exploded the category and inspired a whole generation of fantasy series novelists , Cart said . The shift led to success for Stephenie Meyer 's "  Twilight " vampire saga and Suzanne Collins ' futuristic "  The Hunger Games . " But why did paranormal and dystopian tales connect so well with teens ? "  Just like adolescence is between childhood and adulthood , paranormal , or other , is between human and supernatural , " said Jennifer Lynn Barnes , a young adult author , Ph.D. and cognitive science scholar . "  Teens are caught between two worlds , childhood and adulthood , and in YA , they can navigate those two worlds and sometimes dualities of other worlds . " Now , reveling in the continued success of fantasy subgenres and series , young adult fiction is enjoying a sustained boom rather than an afterglow . Banned Books Week : Favorite novels challenged Nostalgic hallmarks "  It 's not surprising that YA is always dealing with transformation , whether it be realistic or supernatural , " author and publisher Lizzie Skurnick said . "  It 's the only genre that can always be both . It shows teen life in full chaos . And that means constant change . " Skurnick is also devoted to reissuing classic young adult novels , from the 1930s to the 1980s . While young adult spans and mashes up multiple genres , it connects readers to transformation stories best through emotion . When David Levithan was helping develop Scholastic 's teen imprint , PUSH , in the late '90s , he and his team spoke directly with teens over the course of four years to discover what they wanted in their literature . PUSH launched a line of novels by debut authors with authentic voices in 2001 . "  Teens wanted things that were real , that they connected with , " Levithan said . "  It does n't have to reflect reality directly . They love ` The Hunger Games ' not because it 's real in that it happens , but the emotions there are real , and it 's very relatable . " Young adult novelists do n't shy away from tackling the deepest and darkest issues that teens face , from identity struggles and sexual abuse to drug/alcohol use and suicide . Authors like John Green write about the best and worst of adolescence fearlessly and honestly , building a trust within readers , Peterson said . Author Meg Cabot tried to find books she could relate to as a teen , but the "  single-problem " novels that resulted in girls dying for their choices frustrated her . She wanted to read the "  science fiction novels about girls spying on other planets . " Now Cabot has written more than 45 young adult books . "  The whole reason you 're reading is because you want some hope that you 're going to get through whatever you 're going through . I know how hard it was as a teenager , and I understood how it felt to be an outsider . I want to be able to offer people hope . " Meg Cabot 's teen escapism and empowered heriones Turning the page Because young adult fiction is always changing , anything goes , said Elissa Petruzzi , Web and young adult section editor for Book Club Magazine . From sci-fi/fantasy , paranormal and dystopian to classic romance , mystery and contemporary favorites , writers can explore any subject , and readers are eager for new worlds . Contemporary standalones , or non-serial books , have returned to the forefront as a lighter response to dark paranormal and dystopian series , Barnes said . A real opportunity for growth lies in diversity , Peterson said , although young adult already surpasses children 's fiction in that aspect . Cart is pleased to see more gay , lesbian and transgender characters in young adult books but admits that there is a multicultural hole , especially for Hispanic teens . Young author faces great expectations in ` The Bone Season ' Cabot strives to amp up the empowerment angle for girls . As a teen , she always looked for role model heroines , so all of her female characters "  kick ass . " The genre is also just as open to male readers as it is to females , said Erin Setelius , a writer for the YA Book Addicts blog . "  Boys and girls can fall in love with the same books . " Because filling gaps is an area where young adult succeeds , the "  new adult " genre has emerged over the past few years  beginning with St. Martin 's Press coining the phrase in 2009  , featuring characters in their late teens and early 20s going through the college experience and a second adolescence . Only time will tell whether it 's a trend or a budding genre , Petruzzi said . Young adult lit has become popular with readers of all ages and has even allowed parents to see what their teens care about through what they 're reading , Skurnick said . After all , 55 % of young adult books purchased in 2012 were bought by adults between 18 and 44 years old , according to Bowker Market Research . "  I do n't think people are reading it just to relive their teen moments , " Peterson said . "  It 's so interesting to see what happens when there is all of that living , emotion and the heaviness of all that emotion , without the experience . It 's such a terrible and beautiful thing to witness . " Follow Ashley Strickland on Twitter : @CNNAshley	The first "  golden age " of young adult fiction in the '70s featured drama and realism The second peak in the genre happened about 2000 and coincided with "  Harry Potter " From "  Sweet Valley " to "  Hunger Games , " teens drawn to emotion and shared experience
CNN  -- Five people , including a married couple , have been arrested in Europe on suspicion of terrorist activities , a senior Belgian counterterrorism official with knowledge of the case told CNN Sunday . Belgian , Dutch and Turkish police launched a joint monthslong investigation that included extensive surveillance of a suspected terrorist cell with ties to jihadist groups in Syria , the official said . "  Their links to groups in Syria have been complex to untangle , but point towards ISIS , " the official told CNN . The couple -- Dutch nationals of Turkish origin -- were arrested August 6 at Brussels Airport on their way back from a two to three day trip to Istanbul . A third suspect was arrested in Belgium . A fourth suspect was arrested in the Netherlands and a fifth was arrested in Turkey . Several of the alleged members of the cell , who traveled frequently between Belgium and the Netherlands , were of Turkish descent , the official said . All five remain in custody . Authorities moved quickly to make the arrests after police learned the alleged cell had gotten handguns . The weapons were recovered in a raid on one of the suspects ' Brussels residence on August 6 . In the Netherlands , electronic media was seized during a raid in The Hague , including terrorist propaganda materials , the official said . "  It was obviously worrying when we discovered they 'd obtained weapons , " the official told CNN . "  We were concerned they might be planning an attack here -LSB- in Belgium -RSB- , but we still do n't know what if , anything , they were planning . " The official said there was no evidence he knew of that the suspects were planning to attack the European Commission in Brussels , as some media reports in Europe have speculated . Belgian security services have become increasingly worried about the threat from fighters returning from terrorist safe havens in Syria and Iraq . In May , Mehdi Nemmouche , a French ISIS fighter , allegedly killed four people at a Jewish museum in Brussels . Nemmouche , who allegedly guarded French hostages while he was in Syria , was arrested in France after the shooting and extradited to Belgium to stand trial . European officials believe about 2,000 EU citizens have answered the call to jihad in Syria , including the wives of fighters . Perhaps 500 to 1,000 of them have joined ISIS , officials say . In June , a Belgian counterterrorism official told CNN that authorities were aware of 150 Belgian fighters in Syria , most of them with ISIS . Up to 15 more were leaving every month . About 35 are thought to have been killed , and 60 to 70 had returned home . Round-the-clock surveillance is impossible for all but a very small number because of the prohibitive expense .	A married couple -- Dutch nationals of Turkish origin -- are arrested at Brussels Airport , official said Three others arrested ; one in Belgium , one in Turkey and one in the Netherlands Suspects ' links to groups in Syria are complex but point towards ISIS , official tells CNN
CNN  -- The death toll from the collapse of a roof at a supermarket in Latvia 's capital , Riga , climbed Friday to 51 , the mayor said . Between five and seven people are still believed trapped in the debris from Thursday 's collapse at the Maxima supermarket , in western Riga , Mayor Nils Usakovs told CNN by telephone . Latvia 's national news agency LETA said police were using surveillance camera recordings to try to pinpoint the likely locations of victims under the rubble , the State Fire and Rescue Service of Latvia said on Twitter . By Friday afternoon , 47 bodies had been recovered from the collapsed structure , LETA said , quoting a state police spokesman . The supermarket collapse is the Baltic state 's deadliest accident since it won independence from the Soviet Union in 1991 , the LETA news agency reported . Latvia 's previous most deadly accident was a nursing home fire that killed 26 people in 2007 . At least 48 people were injured in the collapse , Usakovs said . Three firefighters were among the dead . Latvia 's Interior Ministry said their families would receive 50,000 LVL  $ 95,600  in compensation . Treatment for rescue workers injured in the operation would also be paid for , it said . Search teams continue to comb the rubble for more bodies , Rescue Service spokeswoman Viktorija Sembele said . "  The firefighters are still working to find people . They are putting away the constructions and still approximately 600 square meters of this collapsed area should be searched through , " she said . Sembele declined to speculate on the cause of the collapse . "  There are a lot of versions , a lot of stories . The real cause of this tragic accident will be investigated by state police and other authorities once the rescue is finished , " she said . Usakovs told CNN that authorities think building materials stored on the roof caused it to collapse . Latvia 's Ministry of Foreign Affairs said some of the victims of the collapse had not yet been identified . "  Police  are  currently working at the scene to identify the dead ; for victim identification , police officers are also cooperating with relatives who gather on the site , " a ministry statement said . It asked relatives of anyone missing to call emergency services . It said a condolence book has been opened in its embassy in Russia , which has received flowers and messages of sympathy . European Commission President Jose Barroso issued a message of condolence after the collapse . "  I am deeply saddened by the terrible tragedy , " he said . "  Please convey my expression of deepest sympathy and solidarity to the families of the victims and those who lost their lives in rescuing people as well as to all those affected by this tragic accident . " Deadly South Africa building collapse investigated CNN 's Marilia Brocchetto , Neda Farshbaf and Talia Kayali contributed to this report .	NEW : Death toll in the roof collapse at a supermarket in Riga has risen to 51 , the mayor says Local media reports three firefighters among the dead from Thursday 's collapse Search teams comb the rubble for more bodies , with the toll expected to rise Riga 's mayor says it 's believed materials stored on the roof may have caused it to collapse
CNN  -- Joe Paterno was admitted to a hospital Sunday morning after fracturing his pelvis when he slipped and fell at his home the previous night , a source close to the Paterno family said . The injury will not require surgery , the source said . But since the former Penn State football coach is being treated with chemotherapy as he battles lung cancer , doctors have decided to keep him in the hospital . The source did not say which hospital Paterno , who turns 85 later this month , is in or how long he is expected to stay there . Paterno lost his job as the Nittany Lions coach last month amid criticism that he had n't done more when a sexual assault allegation surfaced regarding his longtime defensive coordinator , Jerry Sandusky . According to a biography on a Penn State website , Paterno was born December 21 , 1926 , in Brooklyn , New York , and attended Brown University . He joined the Penn State football program after graduating college in 1960 , taking over as the team 's head coach in 1966 . In late October , a Penn State win over Illinois -- the 409th in his head coaching career -- propelled Paterno past Grambling University 's legendary former coach Eddie Robinson for the most in NCAA Division I history . A week later , Sandusky -- who coached at Penn State for 23 years and remained a presence on campus after his retirement in 1999 -- was arrested and charged with 40 counts tied to allegations over a 14-year period . Ten additional charges were levied this month . An investigative grand jury 's summary of testimony claimed that Sandusky engaged in fondling , oral sex and anal sex with young boys . One of the allegations came from 2002 , when a graduate assistant told Paterno he 'd witnessed an incident in a shower inside a school athletic facility -- a story that Paterno referred to Athletic Director Tim Curley , but did n't become known to investigators until years later . Curley and Gary Schultz , a university vice president , were both charged with one count of felony perjury and one count of failure to report abuse allegations . Paterno was n't charged , saying he did his duty by referring the allegations to his superior , according to the grand jury report . But criticism quickly mounted , and Penn State trustees dismissed Paterno and school President Graham Spanier -- who initially backed Curley and Schultz -- days after Sandusky 's arrest . Just over a week after the firing , Paterno 's son Scott announced that his father has a treatable form of lung cancer . The family learned of the diagnosis after Paterno 's follow-up visit for a bronchial illness . CNN 's Dana Garrett contributed to this report .	Paterno slipped and fell at his home on Saturday night , a source says The ex-coach is being treated for lung cancer Paterno lost his job as Penn State 's head football coach last month
Colombo , Sri Lanka  CNN  -- A few days ago , strangers appeared at the door of a Sri Lankan investigative journalist when he was n't home , asking questions about him . Just before midnight Friday , three men stormed Faraz Shaukatally 's house as he slept , police said . One of them shot him . Shaukatally survived the attack , which left him with a bullet lodged under the neck and questions about who may have wanted him dead . Journalists face heavy intimidation in Sri Lanka , according to the New York-based Committee to Protect Journalists  CPJ  , which has called the island nation a "  highly restrictive and dangerous nation for the press . " Police have not apprehended suspects in Shaukatally 's case or established a motive , but the editor of his paper thinks he was shot over his critical articles . "  He has been writing a number of investigative stories in the past weeks , " said Shakuntala Perera , who heads the Sunday Leader in the capital of Colombo . "  Our journalists have been under constant threat . " British Foreign Office Minister Alistair Burt expressed shock and concern at the shooting . Shaukatally holds dual Sri Lankan and British citizenship , CNN affiliate ITN reported , and Burt said consular officials visited him in the hospital , where he had surgery Saturday to remove the bullet . "  It remains unclear whether this horrific incident was connected to the victim 's work as a journalist . The Sri Lankan authorities must quickly identify who committed this crime and bring them to justice , " Burt said in a statement . Though the last journalist killings in Sri Lanka were four years ago , 25 members of the press have been murdered in the country since 1999 , according to the CPJ . Nine of the murders in the past decade remain unsolved . More than 63 % of journalists killed in the country covered politics as a part of their work . In the past five years , 20 journalists have fled the country amid "  a climate of intense intimidation , " the CPJ says . Last year , citing national security , the government blocked a freedom of information bill , further denying journalists and citizens access to documents . Perera 's predecessor , Frederica Jansz , went into exile after a businessman with close government ties bought the paper last year . In recent weeks , the Leader ran articles critical of President Mahinda Rajapaksa . Perera admitted that she does not know whether Shaukatally was attacked specifically for any of his work . The United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees , Navi Pillay , said Sri Lankan authorities should immediately give Shaukatally protection . She called the shooting an assassination attempt . In an interview with Britain 's Channel 4 News , Pillay said she will report to the Human Rights Council her concerns over "  extrajudicial killings , abductions , and this kind of treatment and suppression of freedom of expression . " Journalist Iqbal Athas reported from Colombo . CNN 's Ben Brumfield reported from Atlanta .	Faraz Shaukatally is an investigative journalist with a Colombo newspaper Police have yet to establish a motive The reporter survived and had surgery to remove the bullet Journalists in Sri Lanka face heavy intimidation
The United States diplomatic office in the Libyan city of Benghazi was attacked Tuesday night , the embassy in the capital Tripoli said Wednesday . A Libyan security source told CNN a jihadist group that is suspected of carrying out the strike , the Imprisoned Omar Abdul Rahman Brigades , left leaflets at the scene claiming the attack was in retaliation for the death of Libyan al Qaeda No. 2 Abu Yahya al Libi . "  Fortunately , no one was injured " in the improvised explosive device attack , the embassy said . The blast damaged the front gates , the embassy said . "  The United States deplores the attack on its diplomatic mission in Benghazi ... we have requested the Libyan Ministry of Interior to increase its security around U.S. facilities in Libya , " the embassy said . The embassy said the attack would not affect the U.S. commitment to Libya . U.S. officials said Tuesday that Abu Yahya al-Libi , effectively the terror network 's second-highest leader , was dead . Noman Benotman , a former senior member of the Libyan Islamic Fighting group , said that according to his sources in Benghazi , the leaflets also promised more attacks against the United States . Benotman , now a senior analyst at the Quilliam Foundation in London , said the attack involved the explosion of a rudimentary homemade device and the operation appears to have been hastily put together . Benotman said on Tuesday that pro al Qaeda groups operating in Libya could use the death of al Libi as a pretext to expand their operations . The Imprisoned Omar Abdul Rahman Brigades were first heard from when they claimed responsibility for an attack on a Red Cross office in Benghazi late last month . A purported video of the attack was apparently posted on jihadist websites that regularly feature statements by al Qaeda . The video showed several rockets being fired into a building at nighttime . In claiming responsibility , the group stated , "  We do not recognize -LSB- state -RSB- borders when we plan for our operations , and we have prepared a message that will soon reach America in response to polluting the clarity of the defiant city of Derna , " according to a translation by Flashpoint Partners , which monitors jihadist websites . According to several sources , al Qaeda has developed a presence in and around the city of Derna in eastern Libya , where it has recruited and trained militants . According to a senior Libyan official , there are five "  significant " Islamist leaders in eastern Libya . They include Abdulbasit Azuz and Sufian bin Qumu , a former Guantanamo detainee . Of the five leaders , all but Qumu have agreed not to carry out attacks , the official said . The official said Azuz has a training camp outside Derna and the Obeidi tribe , which is responsible for security in that area of Libya , has the camp surrounded .	U.S. diplomatic office in Libya was attacked Tuesday night Imprisoned Omar Abdul Rahman Brigades leaves leaflets at the scene claiming the attack Group says attack meant to avenge death of Libyan al Qaeda No. 2 Abu Yahya al Libi
CNN  -- Twitter posts about anti-government protests have landed a human rights activist in Bahrain behind bars . Said Yousif al-Muhafda is accused of disseminating false information about clashes between security forces and protesters in the country 's capital , the state-run Bahrain News Agency said Thursday . Al-Muhafda , the head of documentation for the Bahrain Center of Human Rights , was arrested Monday during a demonstration , attorney Mohamed Al-Jishi said . Just before his arrest , the center said a series of posts went out on his Twitter account , describing a shotgun injury , tear gas and "  security forces spraying pepper spray on female protesters faces as they mock them/laugh . " Al-Muhafda has been using the account for months to document what he says are human rights violations in Bahrain . A government prosecutor pointed to one Twitter post , which showed a picture of an injured leg . The image , posted Monday , "  resulted in protests and acts of sabotage that disrupted security on that same day , " Bahrain 's government news agency said , citing Deputy Attorney General Mohammed Salah . The activist 's attorney says he was observing the demonstration , not participating . He is scheduled to appear in court on Tuesday . Human rights activists have criticized the arrest , saying it is part of a growing crackdown on social media posts . "  The authorities are placing extensive surveillance on social media , and several were arrested because of their online posts in an act that serves to intimidate others to move into self-censorship , " the Gulf Center for Human Rights and the Bahrain Center for Human Rights said in a statement . Bahraini authorities imposed a ban on public protests in October , saying it was necessary because "  increasing violence has resulted in death and serious injury to many . " But Amnesty International said the move breached people 's right to free speech . Violent clashes have broken out between security forces and opposition protesters on numerous occasions since protests began in the island nation in February 2011 , spurred by uprisings in Tunisia and Egypt . Bahrain plays a key strategic role in the Middle East and is home to the U.S. Navy 's 5th Fleet headquarters . U.S. still concerned about violence in Bahrain Bahrain strips Shiite activists of citizenship	Yousif al-Muhafda is accused of disseminating false information about clashes A prosecutor points to a photo that went up during a demonstration Monday The activist 's attorney says he was observing the demonstration , not participating Human rights activists say his arrest is part of a growing crackdown on social media
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- Torrential rains and floods in Pakistan have killed 30 people , and 50 others are missing , a paramilitary official said Friday . More than 30,000 people have been affected by flooding , mainly in Pakistan 's southwestern Balochistan province , said Murtaza Baid , spokesman for the Frontier Corps . Water swept away four villages and severely damaged others . Medical camps and shelters have been set up for victims , and 900 troops are helping doctors and emergency teams in rescue efforts . Flooding has also been reported in southern Punjab province . Journalist Nasir Habib contributed to this report .	Torrential rains have flooded parts of southwestern Pakistan More than 30,000 people have been affected Hundreds of troops are assisting in rescue efforts
Geneva , Switzerland  CNN  -- Guardedly positive tones were sounded Tuesday as Iran and six world powers met in Geneva for the first of two days of talks about Iran 's nuclear ambitions -- talks conducted amid a spirit of new optimism since President Hassan Rouhani took office this summer . Iran , which wants the six powers to recognize what it says is the peaceful nature of its nuclear energy pursuits , laid out confidential proposals in the morning . A spokesman for the European Union 's foreign policy chief called the presentation "  very useful . " The two-day talks in Geneva bring together Iran 's representatives with those from the so-called P5 +1 -- the United States , Russia , China , France and Britain , all countries with permanent seats on the U.N. Security Council , plus Germany . Talks continued in the afternoon , and will resume on Wednesday . "  For the first time , we had very detailed technical discussions , " a senior U.S. State Department official said . Ahead of the talks : U.S. hopeful but ` clear-eyed ' Iranian Deputy Foreign Minister Abbas Araqchi , who is taking a lead role in the negotiations , said Tuesday that the "  negotiation 's environment was positive , " according to Iran 's semi-official Fararu news agency . Many in the West fear Iran is pursuing the development of a nuclear bomb , but Iran -- slapped with sanctions because of its program -- has always maintained that it is developing nuclear energy capabilities for peaceful purposes only . European Union foreign policy chief Catherine Ashton is chairwoman for the talks for the P5 +1 bloc , while Iranian Foreign Minister Javad Zarif is leading the Iranian delegation . Ahead of Tuesday 's meeting , Zarif said he hoped that together , Iran and the West would be able to work out a "  road map " toward a final resolution by Wednesday . Ashton 's spokesman , Michael Mann , said that the mood was one of "  cautious optimism " but that the "  ball is in Iran 's court " to respond to the bloc 's concerns . The P5 +1 bloc put forward its own proposals at a meeting with Iran in Kazakhstan in the spring , and these remain on the table , Mann told reporters earlier . ` Verifiably proven ' The talks , which are being conducted in English for the first time , are due to last two days , but the timetable is fluid , Mann said . "  We have said we want Iran to engage constructively with proposals we have put forward . Or , if they want to , they can come up with their own proposals , " he said . "  What matters is the end result -- that they address the international community 's concerns about the purely peaceful nature of the Iranian nuclear program . "  We have to reach a situation at the end where they have proven , and verifiably proven , that there is no nuclear military program . That is the end result that is being sought . " The Iranians ' PowerPoint presentation , laid out in English , was titled "  Closing Unnecessary Crisis , Opening New Horizons . " Araqchi said Iran 's goal is to guarantee its citizens ' rights to "  enjoy nuclear energy , including enrichment , along with the verification of its peaceful program , " according to the Fararu news agency . Critics have expressed suspicions about Iran 's uranium enrichment , fearing that Iran may secretly be transforming nuclear fuel into atomic bomb-grade materials . During a visit to the U.N. General Assembly in September , Rouhani 's diplomatic approach raised hopes in the West of a thaw in relations with Tehran and progress in negotiations on its nuclear program . Rouhani 's visit culminated in a phone call with U.S. President Barack Obama and a meeting between U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry and Zarif . Iran nuclear talks are key topic as Obama , Netanyahu meet It was the first such high-level contact between the two sworn enemies since Iran 's 1979 revolution , which sent relations between the two into a deep freeze . Israel : Do n't relax sanctions too early Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu urged the international community not to relax too soon the painful economic sanctions that have put Iran 's leaders under "  intense pressure " to return to talks . "  I think it would be a historic mistake to ease the sanctions when they are so close to achieving their goals , " he said . "  Now is an opportune moment to reach a genuine diplomatic solution that peacefully ends Iran 's military nuclear program . "  This opportunity can only be realized if the international community continues to place pressure on Iran , because it is that pressure that has brought Iran back to the negotiations in the first place . And it is that pressure which makes the peaceful dismantling of Iran 's military nuclear program possible . " Iran 's president : We 're open to nuclear talks , but do n't make threats Israel 's Security Cabinet also warned Tuesday against conceding too much too soon to the Iranians . "  Israel does not oppose Iran having peaceful nuclear energy . This does not require uranium enrichment or plutonium . Iran 's nukes prog does , " Netanyahu spokesman Ofir Gendelman said via Twitter . Could Revolutionary Guards sabotage Iran-U.S. thaw ? A country that "  regularly deceives the international community " does not have a "  right to enrich " as Iran claims , he said . A senior Obama administration official told reporters in Geneva that the administration would be willing to consider quick relief on sanctions "  targeted in proportion " to what Iran puts on the table , should it be prepared to curtail the pace and scope of its uranium enrichment program , offer steps to improve transparency of its nuclear program , and address concerns about its stockpile of enriched uranium . Larijani : ` We are ready ' Ali Larijani , Iran 's powerful parliamentary speaker and a close associate of the nation 's supreme leader , Ayatollah Ali Khamenei , said last week that Iran is serious about resolving the dispute over its nuclear program . It is keen to resolve the issue "  in a short period of time , " Larijani told CNN 's Christiane Amanpour in an exclusive interview from Geneva . "  From Iran 's side , I can say that we are ready , " he said . Rouhani : Nuclear weapons have no place in Iran 's security "  If the Americans and other countries say that Iran should not develop a nuclear bomb or should not move towards that , then we can clearly show and prove that . We have no such intention . So it can be resolved in a very short period of time . " Nonetheless , Larijani said , the West must accept Iran 's right to enrich nuclear fuel for civilian purposes , as allowed under the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons , to which Iran is a signatory . Building trust Some believe that Iran 's recent apparent willingness to negotiate seriously over its nuclear program is a result of the crippling sanctions on its economy . Shortly after this year 's U.N. General Assembly ended , a U.S. State Department official said the United States would be prepared to consider relaxing certain sanctions on Iran if it took confidence-building steps to prove its sincerity to negotiate over its nuclear program . But this will take time and the building of trust . U.S. Under Secretary of State Wendy Sherman , who is in Geneva , stressed that the entire sanctions regime targeting Iran would not be lifted "  any time soon " unless the array of concerns about Iran 's nuclear program was fully addressed . CNN 's Jim Sciutto reported from Geneva , Elise Labott from Washington , and Laura Smith-Spark wrote and reported from London . CNN 's Michael Schwartz and Andrew Carey and journalist Banafsheh Keynoush contributed to this report .	Iran presents plan to delegates from six world powers in Geneva EU spokesman calls foreign minister 's presentation of Iran 's proposals "  very useful " Israel 's Netanyahu warns against easing the pressure of sanctions on Iran too soon Many in the West fear Iran seeks nuclear weapons ; Iran says its intentions are peaceful
Google says it will replace a Google Maps image after a California father complained it shows the body of his teen-age son , who was shot to death in 2009 . Jose Barrera , of Richmond , California , said he discovered the image , visible on Google Maps ' satellite view feature , last week . "  When I see this image , it 's still like that happened yesterday , " Barrera told KTVU-TV in Oakland , a CNN affiliate . "  And that brings me back to a lot of memories . " Kevin Barrera , 14 , was shot and killed in 2009 . Police discovered his body near a railroad track in Richmond on August 15 of that year , at an address that roughly matches the one of the scene in question . His killer has not been found . "  Our hearts go out to the family of this young boy ... , " said Brian McClendon , vice president of Google Maps , in a written statement sent Monday to CNN and other media outlets . "  Google has never accelerated the replacement of updated satellite imagery from our maps before , but given the circumstances we wanted to make an exception in this case . " McClendon said replacing the image will take about eight days and that Google has spoken to the Barrera family "  to let them know we 're working hard on the update . " The image , which was still accessible on Google Maps on Monday afternoon , shows a police cruiser and a small group of people standing near what appears to be a prone human form near a set of train tracks . CNN will not show the image without approval from the slain teen 's father . Messages left for Barrera had not been returned as of Tuesday morning . Barrera had said he planned to formally complain to Google and to lobby state lawmakers for their help in removing the image if needed . "  What 's the point to show those pictures to the people , you know -- pictures of my dead son ? " he said . "  This is really painful to the whole family . " People frequently ask Google to remove content they find objectionable on its Maps pages , including Street View and Google Earth . In many cases , the company declines such requests , though it 's not a sure thing . "  Your privacy and security are important to us , " the company writes on a Google Maps privacy page . "  The Google Maps team takes a number of steps to help protect the privacy and anonymity of individuals when images are collected for Street View , including blurring faces and license plates . You can easily contact the Street View team if you see an image that should be protected or if you see a concerning image . " The page says users "  can also request the removal of images that feature inappropriate content  for example : nudity or violence  . " Google 's unprecedented ability to attach imagery with its Maps product has been controversial for years . As early as 2008 , a Pennsylvania couple sued Google over their home being pictured on Street View . They argued the value of their home , which they purchased in part for privacy , was diminished . Google was ultimately ordered by a judge to pay the couple $ 1 . The U.S. military prohibits Google from capturing images of military installations , and the company has cooperated with a request to remove ones that already existed . Some privately owned communities also have succeeded in asking the company to remove Street View and satellite images from Maps . Google has faced even stiffer opposition outside the United States to its mapping services . In Germany , where opposition came from political leaders as well as privacy watchdogs , households were eventually given the option to opt out of Street View . Images of about 240,000 German addresses were blurred out in the feature 's first few months there .	Google says it will remove apparent image of dead teen Father says Google Maps image shows body of dead son 14-year-old Kevin Barrera was shot and killed in 2009 in Richmond , California Satellite image shows police car , officers , apparent body
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- Gunman opened fire at the base of one of Pakistan 's highest peaks , killing 11 people , including 10 tourists and a local guide , sources from the country 's foreign ministry said Monday . The attack took place at the base of Nanga Parbat between midnight and 1 a.m. on Sunday , according to senior police official Ali Sher . Among the victims were tourists from China , Ukraine and Slovakia , who had come to Pakistan to climb , he said . "  This was not a big hotel , just a small log/hut type lodge , so no major security , " Sher said . Talking about the same attack earlier , authorities had said that gunman burst into a hotel , killing either nine or 10 foreigners . They said the death toll changed due to difficult communications and the area 's remote location . The victims were : three Ukranians , two Slovakians , two Chinese , one Lithuanian , one Chinese-American , one Nepali , and one Pakistani guide . "  The attackers abducted two local guides and demanded they take them to where some foreigners are staying to carry out the attack , " Interior Minister Chaudhry Nisar Ali Khan told parliament on Sunday . "  One  guide  was then killed , another escaped and has been detained by police for questioning . " Why some travelers seek out the world 's most dangerous locales The tourists had no security escort , the minister said . A spokesman for Tehreek-e-Taliban Pakistan said an affiliated group carried out the attack . The Pakistan Taliban targeted the foreigners because the international community supports drone strikes , said spokesman Ihsanullah Ihsan . The attack was also to avenge the killing of Emir Wali-ur-Rehman in a drone strike in Waziristan last month , the spokesman said . Rehman was the Pakistan Taliban 's No. 2 leader . At least 14 killed in Pakistan mosque bombing Pakistani Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif condemned the attack . He ordered an investigation and called for those responsible to be brought to justice . Saima Mohsin reported from Islamabad ; Aliza Kassim reported from Atlanta . CNN 's Zahir Shah Sheraz contributed to this report from Peshawar	10 tourists and a Pakistani guide are killed , police say The victims were attacked at the base of Nanga Parbat Spokesman for Tehreek-e-Taliban Pakistan says affiliated group carried out the attack
CNN  -- French police were searching Friday for a Degas painting stolen from a Marseilles museum a day earlier . "  Les Choristes , " or "  The Chorus , " is worth about $ 800,000 , or $ 1.15 million , Marseilles Police Commissioner Xavier Claudel told CNN . The 1877 pastel was on loan to the Musee Cantini from the Musee d'Orsay in Paris for an exhibition , Claudel said . It was discovered missing when staff opened the museum Thursday , he said . Investigators were going through surveillance camera footage for clues , but Claudel said he could not offer any more information about the case . Edgar Degas was a prominent member of the the Impressionists and produced a vast amount of artwork before his death in 1917 at age 83 . His style , subject matter and artistic sensibility set him apart from his contemporaries , according to New York 's Metropolitan Museum of Art .	The 1877 pastel was on loan to Musee Cantini from Musee d'Orsay in Paris Investigators going through surveillance camera footage for clues "  The Chorus , " is worth about $ 800,000 , or $ 1.15 million
London , England  CNN  -- Roger Federer recorded a resounding 6-4 6-2 win over Britain 's Andy Murray in their Group B match at the ATP World Tour Finals at the O2 Arena in London on Tuesday . Federer wasted little time in exploiting a misfiring Murray , breaking his second service game to love to establish an early 3-1 lead . He never looked back , holding his serve with ease , while continuing to make Murray work for his . Murray sniffed a chance to break back when Federer was serving for the set , taking the first two points of the game . But the 29-year-old regained his composure winning four points on the bounce to take the opening set 6-4 . The second set started in the same fashion . Murray working hard just to hold his serve , and a back and forth opening game eventually went Federer 's way . Becker backs Federer to be year-end champ The Swiss , in contrast , continued to hold his service with ease and when Murray went two breaks down to trail 0-3 , there was no way back . The 23-year-old avoided the humiliation of a second set whitewash , scrapping his way to two service games . But it only delayed the inevitable as Federer , a four-time winner of the event , closed out the match in style to go top of Group B. Federer , who now has a 6-8 head-to-head record against Murray , admitted his surprise at the margin of victory . "  Andy has beaten me the last few times so I 'm surprised how clean the score was today , but I do n't think Andy played his best match , that is for sure , " Federer told BBC Sport . Murray will likely have to beat David Ferrer in his final group match on Thursday if he is to progress to the semi-finals stage . "  I did the two most important things in tennis very poorly today , which is serve and return . Against someone as good as Roger , you ca n't do them badly . You 're not going to win the match and that 's why the score line was like it was , " Murray told BBC Sport . Meanwhile , in the evening match , Robin Soderling won a hard fought straight sets victory over David Ferrer , 7-5 7-5 . The first set seemed destined to go to a tie-break as both men held serve for the first 11 eleven games , but Soderling gained the crucial break in the 12th . A curling forehand winner closed out the set for the Swede after 48 minutes . The second set was heading the way of the first it seemed as Soderling and then Ferrer continued to hold serve . Despite some spirited defence from the Spaniard in the fifth game , Soderling prevailed to take a 4-2 lead , which quickly became 5-2 . With defeat and an early exit from the competition looming , Ferrer burst into life winning the next three games to draw level . But Soderling regained his form while Ferrer 's waned and the Swede completed his first win at this year 's event . "  I played well last year and I 've enjoyed coming back . I 'm very relieved . It was tough . I served very well but I have a few things I need to improve , " Soderling told BBC Sport after the match . The Swede faces Federer on Thursday while Ferrer will play Andy Murray .	Roger Federer brushes Andy Murray aside 6-4 6-2 in ATP World Tour Final group match World number two goes top of Group B ; Soderling and Ferrer play tonight
CNN  -- China 's economic success has created a fast-growing middle class and an explosion in domestic travel . Cashing in on the travel boom is one hotel chain that 's expanding so fast , it 's opening a new property every two days . Budget hotel chain Hanting Inns was founded by billionaire businessman Ji Qi seven years ago . Today it has 1,000 properties in China , across four brands , and Ji expects Hanting to be the world 's biggest hotel chain by 2020 . The company takes inspiration from Western low-cost hotel chains that cater for frequent business travelers on a budget , such as Accor , Ibis and Premier Inn . "  I first got the idea from a book introducing Accor , about how they open small hotels with less expensive but cozy , clean rooms , " Ji told CNN 's Richard Quest . "  I realized there 's a gap in the Chinese market for such hotels as well so I decided to invest experimentally in that niche . " See also : China 's unique boutique hotels Ji identifies three things that Chinese customers look for in a hotel room -- all of which will chime with Western travelers : a soft bed , free internet access and a good hot shower after a long , tiring day . He says his ultimate target is to open 10,000 hotels . His big draw is clean , no-frills rooms that start from as little as $ 15 a night . "  We only invest in crucial parts  of the hotels  . In our lobby you do n't see fancy decorations like marble surface or crystal lights , " said Ji . "  We keep everything simple because our clients do n't really pay much attention to that . But we put serious money into our rooms -- in that way we manage to keep our hotels cost-effective . " The sheer scale and speed of economic development within China over the last 20 years has forced hoteliers the world over to sit up and take notice . The number of Chinese people traveling outside China has risen to 65 million a year , overtaking Japan as the largest source of outbound travelers in Asia . See also : Asia 's budget airlines go long haul International hotel chains are adapting their business plans and services to cater for the increasing number of Chinese travelers . Marriott launched its Li Yu program -- meaning "  serve with courtesy " -- earlier this year , while Hilton Worldwide introduced its Huanying program last August -- tailor-made for the Chinese market , with a name that means "  welcome " in Mandarin . Paul Brown , brand president at Hilton , told Quest that Huanying offers services including Chinese foods on the breakfast menu , and guest rooms that come with green tea , slippers , and Chinese TV channels . "  We wanted to create a program that made them feel comfortable and welcome when going outside their country for the first time , " he said . But international players are also moving into China . Accor has tried to gain a foothold in the Chinese market with its Grand Mercure brand , known locally as Mei Jue , and Marriott plans to more than double the number of its hotels in China in the next three years . "  We 've got to make sure that we are succeeding with the Chinese traveler and winning their loyalty , " said Marriott CEO Arne Sorensen . "  The loyalty that we build here can get translated ultimately to loyalty of Chinese travelers going around the globe . " See also : 55 years of Marriott hotels But Ji believes that foreign competitors will find it hard to compete with Hanting on its home turf . "  We are faster . We are more cost-effective . We know our clients better , " he said . Ji says he welcomes international customers , but currently 90 % of Hanting guests are Chinese business travelers . And with 1.3 billion Chinese people , whose average incomes have quadrupled in the last four years , it 's small wonder that for the time being , Hanting is concentrating on the local market .	China 's domestic travel sector is expanding at great pace Hanting Inns aims to be the world 's biggest hotel chain by 2020 International hotel chains are trying to tap into China 's travel boom
Cairo , Egypt  CNN  -- Bowing to eight days of protests , Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak said Tuesday he will not seek office again in elections scheduled for September , but vowed to stay in the country and finish his term . The concession , the largest the embattled president has made so far , was remarkable for a man who has held a tight grip on power for three decades . But it was unclear whether the offer would do anything to calm opposition groups and protesters who have called for Murarak 's immediate resignation . "  My first responsibility now is to restore the stability and security of the homeland , to achieve a peaceful transition of power in an environment that will protect Egypt and Egyptians and which will allow for the responsibility to be given to whoever the people elect in the forthcoming elections , " Mubarak said in a televised address Tuesday night . The announcement rang flat in Cairo 's Tahrir Square , where thousands of protesters erupted in chants of "  Down with Mubarak ! " and "  The people want the president to be judged ! " following his announcement . Some waved shoes in the air -- a deep insult in the Arab world -- and said they would continue their demonstrations until Mubarak quits outright . Mohamed ElBaradei , the Nobel Peace Prize winner who has become a leading opposition figure , said Mubarak 's decision was "  an act of deception " that would only "  extend the agony . " "  Whoever gave him that advice gave him absolutely the wrong advice , " ElBaradei said . However , Arab League Secretary-General Amr Moussa , a former Egyptian foreign minister , said demonstrators should weigh what Mubarak has said before responding . "  I 'm aware that there are certain currents in Egypt that will not see that as satisfactory and they need more , " Moussa , a possible presidential contender himself , told CNN . But , he added , "  I believe that there is something new that has been offered . " Mubarak has led Egypt for nearly 30 years since the 1981 assassination of his predecessor , Anwar Sadat , aided by an emergency decree that has allowed him to rule with an iron fist . But following demonstrations that have only grown in the past week , the 82-year-old former air force general told his people Tuesday night , "  I have spent enough time serving Egypt . "  I will pursue the transfer of power in a way that will fulfill the people 's demands , and that this new government will fulfill the people 's demands and their hopes for political , economic and social progress , " he said . Tuesday 's turnout in Cairo , Alexandria and other cities came despite efforts by the government to suspend rail service and cut off mobile phone and internet networks , and in spite of the mounting hardships facing Egyptians . Banks and schools have been shuttered during the demonstrations , teller machine screens are dark and gas stations have run out of fuel . Long lines snaked around bakeries and supermarkets as shops began to ration how much food customers could buy . In Alexandria , protesters clashed with supporters of Mubarak , leaving 12 people injured , said Qutb Hassanein , a member of an opposition group . The military was called in to restore calm . Mohammed Mahmoud , a protester , said he was hit in the head by a stick during the clash . "  We do n't want him  Mubarak  . We are staying here until we die , " he said . Mubarak 's announcement capped a day in which anti-government demonstrators stood shoulder-to-shoulder in Tahrir Square for a "  march of millions . " It comes less than three weeks after a wave of protests that forced Tunisia 's longtime strongman to flee to Saudi Arabia in mid-January . Protesters last week taunted , "  Mubarak , Saudi Arabia is waiting for you . " But despite calls for him to leave the country , the aging leader vowed Tuesday that "  This dear country is my country ... and I will die on its land . " Opposition leader Ayman Nour called the speech "  very depressing . " Nour said Mubarak was already expected to step down at the end of his term -- but he is believed to be maneuvering to have his son , Gamal , succeed him . "  He did not at any point in his speech reject the possibility that his son could run for president , " said Nour , who spent three years in prison after challenging Mubarak in Egypt 's first multiparty presidential election in 2005 . He said the protesters in Tahrir Square "  are angrier than ever " after the address . Mohammed Habib , deputy chairman of the officially banned Muslim Brotherhood , said Mubarak 's speech was built around emotional appeals to his decades of military service and the presidency . "  After 30 years during which corruption and diminishing the strategic role of Egypt in the region became the norm , I do not feel it is time to appeal for people 's emotion , " Habib said . "  We should say ` thank you ' to him , ` and get out . ' " In Washington , President Barack Obama said he spoke with Mubarak soon after he announced he would not seek re-election . Obama called for an orderly transition in Egypt that , he said , should be meaningful , peaceful and must begin now . The U.S. president stressed the Egyptian people will be the ones to determine their own leaders and destiny . In Cairo , the U.S. ambassador to Egypt , Margaret Scobey , met Tuesday with ElBaradei and will be speaking with leaders of other political movements , a senior State Department official said . The official cautioned that Scobey 's talks with ElBaradei does n't mean the United States favors him . As in Tunisia , the protests have been fueled by economic woes , including a dramatic rise in the cost of living coupled with high unemployment . Despite the government 's food subsidies , people are struggling , with an estimated 40 % of the country living in poverty . The majority of Egypt 's population -- and the vast majority of its unemployed -- is under 30 , and many protesters are young men looking for economic opportunities and a better life . As the demonstrations grew , Mubarak fired his cabinet and ordered newly appointed Vice President Omar Suleiman to hold talks on political reform with opposition leaders . And on Monday , the military -- the foundation of the modern Egyptian state -- announced it would not open fire on peaceful protesters . "  I think it 's all over with once the army makes that announcement , " said Juan Cole , a Middle East historian at the University of Michigan . Cole said he had expected the regime to endure the crisis with the support of the military , but that the military appears to have "  cut Mubarak loose . " Shibley Telhami , a University of Maryland professor and Brookings Institution analyst , said the military may have anchored the government but , "  At some point , they are going to have to make a decision about protecting the institution beyond the man . " And Fouad Ajami , a Johns Hopkins University professor and Hoover Institution analyst , said Mubarak 's invocation of his years of service was "  almost pathetic . " "  I believe the crowd was discovering its power as Mubarak was discovering his own weakness and the vulnerability of his own regime , " Ajami said . Now , "  No one believes his promises , and now no one really believes his threats . " The demonstrations had turned ugly last Friday , when thousands of riot and plainclothes police used brutal force to crack down on people on the streets . Unconfirmed reports suggest up to 300 people may have been killed during the protests , U.N. High Commissioner for Human Rights Navi Pillay said Tuesday . Human Rights Watch has reported 80 deaths from two hospitals in Cairo , 36 in Alexandria and 13 in Suez . CNN has not been able to independently confirm the death toll . But since the weekend , the army has replaced police as the enforcers of security , and the gatherings have been largely peaceful . In recent days , protests inspired by the Tunisian outcome have spread to Algeria , Yemen , Jordan and Sudan . Calls for political reform prompted Jordan 's King Abdullah II Tuesday to dismiss his government and appoint a new prime minister , and a Facebook page urged similar demonstrations in Syria . John Entelis , director of Middle East studies at New York 's Fordham University , said the Arab world is facing a "  wave " of unrest sparked by the Tunisian revolt . "  If it were not for Tunisia , none of this would be happening at this time or in this way , " Entelis said . CNN 's John King , Ben Wedeman , Frederik Pleitgen , Ivan Watson , Housam Ahmed , Caroline Faraj , Salma Abdelaziz , Saad Abedine , Christine Theodorou , Zain Verjee , Arwa Damon and journalist Ian Lee contributed to this report	NEW : President Barack Obama says a transition in Egypt must begin now NEW : Protesters and supporters of the Egyptian president clash in Alexandria Mubarak 's position will only "  extend the agony , " an opposition leader says Arab League leader : Opposition should weigh speech before responding
CNN  -- Former Australian Prime Minister Kevin Rudd bid farewell to politics , telling parliamentarians Wednesday in an emotional speech that he will step down at the end of the week . Rudd was first elected prime minister in 2007 . Party infighting caused him to lose the post to Julia Gillard in 2010 . He reclaimed the position in June in yet more infighting in the Labor Party . But when it came to elections in September , the bookish incumbent lost to the pugnacious style of Tony Abbott . Labor infighting boosted Abbott 's standing in the polls and -- under Gillard -- the party faced certain defeat at elections this year . While the installation of Rudd as prime minister for a second time helped the party claw back some of the ground Labor lost under Gillard , many analysts said his arrival came too late to save the party . "  For our family , recent statements since the September election have been particularly hurtful , " Rudd told lawmakers . "  As parliamentarians you might say we become inured to all of this , although I doubt it . " Abbot 's office issued a statement saying "  While Mr Rudd will no longer continue as a parliamentarian , I have every confidence that he will continue to serve our country and the values that he has always believed in . " "  Whatever disagreements my colleagues and I have had with Mr Rudd , we will always honour what he achieved on the day of the National Apology , " the statement said . "  Ancient wrongs were addressed that day . It was a great moment in our country 's history and it happened because of him . " In November 2009 , Rudd -- then the prime minister -- formally apologized to thousands of adults who , as impoverished British children , were brought to Australia with the promise of a better life but found abuse and forced labor . The so-called Forgotten Australians -- children who came from British families struggling with severe poverty or from institutions in the UK -- were brought to Australia in a program that ended 40 years ago .	Party infighting caused the Labor Party the prime ministership In 2009 , Rudd formally apologized to the Forgotten Australians
CNN  -- It was late , the football game was over , and I was ready for bed . The problem was , I could n't find the remote control . It was n't right next to me on the couch in my hotel room and I was too lazy -- or drunk -- to dig between the cushions to look for it . So after a couple of glances , I decided to just turn the TV off manually and worry about finding the remote in the morning . I slid my hand down the sides , ran my fingers across the top , bent down and looked along the bottom and even tried tapping the screen , as if it were a 48 " iPad . Nothing . Now , again -- I had been drinking . But I do n't think Jack and Cokes were the reasons why I had no idea how to turn the TV off . As I was fumbling around looking for something that looked like a power button , it dawned on me : I had n't manually turned off a television in years . Eventually I grew tired of looking and decided to just unplug the damn thing and take my drunken self to bed . And this is what technology has turned me and I suspect many Americans into : Automated idiot savants . Tell me , how many people with smartphones actually know their boyfriend 's or girlfriend 's telephone number and can dial it from memory ? I 've been with my partner for three years and after the area code , I could n't tell you a single digit that 's in his number . We met one night , exchanged numbers and I have n't dialed it since . Special series : Our mobile society Funny -- I used to joke that if I ever lost all of the contacts backed up on my computer , I would n't be able to call my own mama . Now I realize that I really was n't joking . I do n't know my mama 's number . Not only that , I do n't know her address either . I know where she lives , but if I was suddenly cut off from all technology , I would have to get in my car and drive three hours just to say "  hi . " All of which brings me to this : For all of the wonderful conveniences technology has brought into our lives , there is something to be said about all of the little things that have been lost because of these advancements as well . Like knowing by heart the telephone numbers of the people we care about . Stopping in a gas station and asking another human being for directions . Going to a record store . I can remember spending hours with my high school friends roaming the Harmony House record store in downtown Detroit . The first 45 I ever bought was Bon Jovi 's "  Wanted Dead or Alive , " and I can remember my black friends teasing me for liking "  white people 's music . " Now , I am sure on some level I am simply romanticizing life before Steve Jobs . I am not against the technological progress we 've made -- I 'm just trying to put it into context . Technology can deliver a song faster to us , but there are some things in life that ca n't be rushed . To this day , I still think "  Wanted Dead or Alive " is one of the greatest songs of all time . But more importantly , the interaction that came from purchasing that song as well as other conversations that occurred in that store over the years helped shape me into the person I am today . You know , my son hates it when I tell him to grab a dictionary whenever he asks me how to spell a word he ca n't figure out with spellcheck . "  Dad , just tell me , " he would say . And I would say , "  No , otherwise you wo n't learn . " Do n't get me wrong , spell-check 's a great tool , and I use it . But it pays to know the long way in case you ca n't take the shortcut . I have seen my penmanship become increasingly illegible over the past 20 years because despite being a writer , I do n't really write . I type . And so over time , using a keyboard exclusively has led to a degree of atrophy in my writing hand . Now I can barely get through handwriting a personal note in a greeting card before noticing a little pain or soreness . Some people may wonder what all the fuss is about . It 's no big deal that I do n't know by heart my loved ones ' phone numbers , as long as I have them programmed in my phone . Right ? It 's easy and convenient and efficient . I guess I 'm wondering if technology has gone from assisting us in our lives to taking over our lives . In a recent Vodaphone survey , 54 % of the responders said it was OK to pick up the phone while out to dinner and 57 % said they 'd pick it up while going to the bathroom . But the thing that really got me is that 33 % thinks it 's OK to pick up their cell phone during sex . SEX !!??!! That 's when I think this whole technology take over goes from being funny to a bit sad .  Unless they 're taking pictures ... in which case I say , carry on . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of LZ Granderson .	LZ Granderson : I had n't manually turned off TV in years Granderson : I suspect technology has turned us into automated idiot savants He asks how many people can dial their loved ones ' phone number from memory ? Granderson : Technology has gone from assisting us in our lives to taking over our lives
BEIJING , China  CNN  -- U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton broached the issue of human rights with Chinese leaders on Saturday , but emphasized that the global financial slump and other international crises were more pressing and immediate priorities . U.S. Secretary Of State Hillary Clinton meets Chinese Prime Minister Wen Jiabao in Beijing . The United States will continue to press China on issues such as Tibet , Taiwan and human rights , she told reporters accompanying her . "  Successive administrations and Chinese governments have been poised back and forth on these issues , and we have to continue to press them . But our pressing on those issues ca n't interfere with the global economic crisis , the global climate change crisis , and the security crisis , " she told reporters in Seoul , South Korea . Clinton made China the last and most crucial stopover in her Asia trip , signaling the new administration 's first attempts to lay a foundation toward a China policy . It is Clinton 's first trip to China as secretary of state . Watch Clinton talk to CNN about Asian tour " She met with Chinese President Hu Jintao on Saturday and discussed the framework for further high-level and mid-level discussions . "  It is essential that the United States and China have a positive , cooperative relationship , " Clinton told a group of reporters . Earlier Saturday , Clinton met with Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao in Beijing , where they discussed what they regard as the new defining Sino-U.S. strategic goals : the world economic crisis , regional security and the environment . Watch report on the talks " The United States and China are the world 's largest emitters of greenhouse gases . Human rights , a traditional topic in discussions between the two countries , was broached during Saturday 's meeting between Clinton and Chinese Foreign Minister Yang Jiechi , who agreed to engage in a continuous discussion on the issue . Secretary Clinton said both nations will continue to hold frank discussions on crucial human rights issues , such as Tibet and freedom of expression in China . In the past , Clinton has been an outspoken , staunch critic of China 's human rights stance . In a welcoming response , Yang said China was willing to discuss the often-contentious subject of human rights . "  Although differences exist , China is willing to conduct the dialogues with the U.S. to push forward the human rights situation on the premise of mutual respect and noninterference in each other 's internal affairs , " Yang was quoted by China 's state-run Xinhua news agency as saying . On the economic front , both leaders emphasized the importance of working in cooperation since their economies are intertwined . China , the world 's top holder of U.S. debt , wants to ensure liquidity and security in its dealings with U.S. treasury bonds . "  We did use foreign exchange reserves to buy U.S. treasury bonds . Our principle of using reserves is to ensure security and liquidity , " Chinese Foreign Minister Yang Jiechi told reporters . China-U.S. trade volume rose by 10.5 percent in 2008 to 333.7 billion U.S. dollars , Xinhua reported . According to the Council on Foreign Relations , China is North Korea 's largest trade partner . It has taken a leadership position in the six-party talks , a multinational diplomatic effort to denuclearize North Korea . In Seoul , Clinton did not refrain from harsh words , restating the U.S. position on North Korea . "  North Korea is not going to get a different relationship with the U.S. while insulting and refusing dialogue with the Republic of Korea , " she said . Mid-level military discussions will resume this month , Clinton announced Saturday . Last October , the Bush administration notified Congress of its plan to sell $ 6.5 billion in arms to Taiwan -- a move that caused China to suspend military talks with the U.S. Clinton told CNN 's Senior Correspondent Jill Dougherty that U.S. policy toward Taiwan will not change . Chinese President Hu Jintao and U.S. President Barack Obama are scheduled to meet at the G20 meeting in London in April .	Meetings are climax of Clinton 's Asian tour , first foreign visit as Secretary of State Issues discussed included economic crisis , regional security , environment U.S. , China are the world 's largest emitters of greenhouse gases U.S. , China stress importance of cooperation as economies are intertwined
The United States has expressed "  deep concern " about mob violence reportedly targeting international NGOs operating in Myanmar 's restive west . In a statement released Thursday , the U.S. Department of State highlighted what it viewed as "  the continued lack of adequate security forces and rule of law on the ground in Sittwe , " the capital of Rakhine state . Rakhine , located along Myanmar 's west coast , has been at the center of an ongoing sectarian conflict between Buddhists and Rohingya Muslims , which has seen hundreds of people killed and tens of thousands more made homeless . Census controversy An upcoming census planned by the central government has triggered further unrest amid fears it could exacerbate tensions between the state 's majority Buddhist population and the Rohingya -- a stateless Muslim minority not recognized as citizens or one of the country 's 135 "  official " ethnic groups . Myanmar 's government has come under increased pressure to take action to ease the unrest , and recently sent more troops to the region . The attacks this week in Sittwe , which targeted the offices and facilities of a number of international aid agencies working in the city , were triggered by reports that a foreign aid worker had treated a Buddhist flag disrespectfully . The worker in question , a staffer with the Europe-based humanitarian group Malteser International , had removed the flag from its building . Many flags have been hung on buildings across the state ahead of the census as a sign of opposition to the Rohingya population -- who are widely viewed as intruders from across the border in Bangladesh . In a statement posted on their website Friday , Ingo Radtke , Secretary General of Malteser International , wrote : "  Malteser International is committed to the humanitarian principles and therefore the absolute ethnic and political neutrality of our work is our highest priority . We therefore avoid any form of political , religious or ethnic partisanship . That is the reason why our program coordinator has removed the Buddhist flag which -- in the local context -- might be seen as a symbol for a political positioning . She did not act in any degrading manner or express any cultural misconduct . " Aid groups ` bias ' But foreign aid groups have come under fire in Myanmar for allegedly showing bias towards the Rohingya . Last month , Medecins Sans Frontieres  Doctors Without Borders  was banned from operating in the volatile state following protests by ethnic Rakhine nationalists against the organization and other international NGOs . Myanmar 's government said the organization had been banned for consistently showing bias towards the state 's Muslim minority and breaching the terms of its agreement to operate in Rakhine , where it provided services to tens of thousands of patients . MSF said it was "  deeply shocked by this unilateral decision . " As the major NGO healthcare provider in Rakhine , it ran clinics in nine townships across the state , "  treating anyone who was unable to access the medical care they required , " including tens of thousands of vulnerable people who had been displaced into camps by recurrent communal violence .	U.S. : Lack of "  adequate security forces and rule of law on the ground in Sittwe " Rakhine state home to a violent ethnic conflict between Buddhists and Rohingya Muslims Violence sparked by aid worker 's "  disrespectful treatment " of a Buddhist flag Humanitarian groups accused of favoring minority Rohingya population
CNN  -- Former top-10 player Marin Cilic had his doping ban reduced to four months Friday , leaving the Croatian with a sense of "  justice " but the head of tennis ' world governing body seeking answers . Cilic will be allowed to compete at next week 's Paris Masters after his suspension was cut from nine months by the Switzerland-based Court of Arbitration for Sport  CAS  , which has final say on the case . He has already served the four months . Cilic appealed to CAS as he wanted his penalty wiped out completely while the International Tennis Federation  ITF  sought a longer suspension than the one handed out by its independent tribunal . "  I ca n't even describe how happy Marin was when he found out the news , " Cilic 's manager Vincent Stavaux told CNN . "  He was without words . "  The first word that was coming out of the team 's mouth was ` justice ' because this case was empty . "  We are disappointed with the way the ITF treated his case . They had the feeling they caught a big fish because it was a  highly ranked  player . " ITF president Francesco Ricci Bitti said his organization is awaiting more details about the verdict . "  The ITF respects the decision of the CAS tribunal , who agreed that an anti-doping rule violation has been committed , " Ricci Bitti said in a statement sent to CNN . "  We await the full decision to better understand CAS 's reasoning for reducing the sanction . " In September the independent tribunal could have banned Cilic for two years but it deemed the 25-year-old did n't intend to boost his performance . The ITF said at the time that a urine sample submitted in May during the BMW Open in Munich contained the prohibited stimulant nikethamide . Cilic and his team contended , though , that no nikethamide was in the sample . It added that Cilic was sanctioned on a strict reading of the rules . CAS appeared to agree , calling the original punishment "  too severe . " The three-person panel "  determined that the degree of fault committed by the athlete was inferior to that established " in the original decision , CAS said on its website . "  The panel also determined that the sanction imposed was too severe in view of the degree of fault and concluded that it should be reduced to four months . " Stavaux also took exception to the ITF 's anti-doping tribunal claiming in September that Cilic withdrew from a match at Wimbledon in June to "  avoid adverse publicity " after he tested positive . The player , however , cited a knee injury . "  He had surgery two days after he pulled out , " according to Stavaux . "  The ITF put a lot of pressure on our lawyers  to make Cilic pull out  . " Cilic is in the field at the Paris Masters and tournament director Guy Forget had no issue with the former Australian semifinalist competing at the final regular season event on the men 's tour . His ranking has fallen from 12th to 47th during his time away from the game , and he can not qualify for the ATP World Tour Finals in London next month . "  He was still on the  entry  list and can play if he wants to and if he 's allowed to , " Forget told CNN . Cilic , due to speak to reporters in Paris this weekend , has practiced regularly and is "  really hungry " to return , Stavaux said . CAS could rule on another tennis case soon . Serbia 's Viktor Troicki is appealing his 18-month ban for failing to provide a blood test at the Monte Carlo Masters in April and CAS heard his case on October 9 .	Marin Cilic is free to play in next week 's Paris Masters after his drug suspension was reduced His nine-month ban was trimmed to four months by the Court of Arbitration for Sport The former top-10 player was listed as testing positive for banned substance nikethamide The court 's decision goes against the ITF , which sought a ban longer than nine months
CNN  -- Brazilian striker Brandao has been handed a one-month jail sentence for headbutting an opposing player , with the severity of his punishment linked to the footballer 's role model status , according to one of the lawyers involved in the case . The judicial punishment follows a six-month sporting ban given to Brandao , who plays for French Ligue 1 side Bastia , following the August incident when he assaulted Paris Saint-Germain midfielder Thiago Motta . "  This is an extremely severe sentence compared to the criminal record of my client , " Brandao 's lawyer Olivier Martin told CNN affiliate BFMTV after the three-judge panel 's ruling , which also included a $ 25,000 fine . "  It 's all the more severe because of the motivation that was raised by the President of the Court to justify the sentence , " added Martin . "  He referred to the violence in football stadiums . " Brandao headbutted the Italy international in the tunnel of PSG ' s Parc des Princes stadium following the match which the Parisian club won 2-0 . The 34-year-old can be seen on CCTV waiting around before striking Motta and then running off out of shot with Brazilian-born Motta following in hot pursuit . Motta 's lawyer Francois Klein said "  the court wanted to mark the occasion , " as Ligue 1 players were considered role models to many people . "  Because these images are widely circulated ; it gives the youth an absolutely regrettable idea , " said Klein . "  It 's well known that in many stadiums , suburban or elsewhere , there are similar events that may occur , and it is necessary that professional players lead by example . " Neither of the two players involved were present at the Paris court for the trial . The court was particularly annoyed by the absence of Brandao , who was having surgery in a Saint Etienne hospital Thursday . Brandao is expected to "  benefit from a sentence adjustment , " meaning he would serve his punishment through a community service rather than in jail . Against PSG , Brandao was playing in only his second match for the Corsica-based club after joining from Saint Etienne in the summer . He was initially suspended for four weeks following the attack which broke Motta 's nose . Last season , he was banned for three matches for elbowing another PSG player , Yohan Cabaye , in the head . "  Brandao will be available to play again on Feb. 22 , 2015 , " the French league 's disciplinary committee said in a statement following his September punishment , meaning the striker will miss 24 league matches in total .	Brazilian striker Brandao given one-month jail sentence Bastia forward 's punishment likely to be community service Brandao punished for headbutting Paris Saint-Germain 's Thiago Motta Motta 's lawyer says severity of punishment linked to Brandao 's role model status
CNN  -- A man caught on camera beating a woman in front of her young child has been charged on several counts of attempted murder , robbery , burglary and aggravated assault , Essex County , New Jersey , Assistant Prosecutor Jamel Semper said Friday . Shawn Custis , 42 , allegedly forced his way into a Millburn , New Jersey , home around 10 a.m. on June 21 and brutally beat the woman while her young daughter sat motionless on a nearby couch . The woman 's 18-month old son was sleeping upstairs . Custis fled the house with an undetermined amount of jewelry , Millburn police said . The entire episode was caught on the family 's home security camera . Custis was also indicted on counts of endangering the welfare of a child , criminal restraint , and theft , according to Semper . Custis is currently being held at the Essex County Correctional Facility on $ 750,000 bail , prosecutors said . In the home video obtained by CNN affiliate WABC , Custis repeatedly punches the woman in the face while her daughter watches nearby . He throws her to the floor , chokes her , kicks her multiple times , and throws her down a flight of stairs . He does not hurt the daughter . After he leaves , the woman goes upstairs to retrieve her toddler son and waits with her two children for police to arrive . On the video , the child who witnessed the attack appears to be as young as 5 years old and likely no more than 8 . The woman who was beaten told CNN affiliate News 12 New Jersey that she made a conscious decision to try to remain silent in an attempt to protect her daughter . "  I knew that if I started screaming , my daughter would too , and I was afraid that she would get hurt , " she said at the time . "  I took it . I did n't cry the entire time . " The woman was later taken to an area hospital , where she was treated for a concussion , chipped teeth , and injuries to her face and legs , according to prosecutors . Custis was arrested in New York City by the FBI Fugitive Task Force and detectives from the Essex County Prosecutor 's Office . Custis is to be arraigned on February 28 , said the prosecutor 's office . Custis ' attorney , Olubukola "  Bukie " Adetula , told CNN that he anticipates Custis will plead not guilty . "  We will do what we have to do to defend this case aggressively , " Adetula said . Millburn is a small suburban community about 10 miles east of Newark .	Shawn Custis , 42 , is charged with attempted murder for July home invasion Prosecutors say Custis seen on video beating woman near her child Custis ' attorney says he anticipates his client will plead not guilty
Zintan , Libya  CNN  -- In all his years in power , Moammar Gadhafi has never been portrayed as anything but regal in paintings and statues scattered throughout Libya . Until now . Six months into Libya 's war , some artists in rebel strongholds are arming themselves with fresh paint . Their belief ? A brush can be as mighty as the Kalashnikov in the fight against the strongman . "  Everybody supports the revolution in some way , " says Mohammed Zamoul , formerly a bulldozer driver . "  Some people fight , I use the brush . " In Tripoli , a massive mural of Gadhafi remains intact . Zamoul 's work is far less flattering . His caricatures of Gadhafi sucking on his country 's oil reserves , pinned down by a rebel flag and being launched out of Libya on a bomb -- are everywhere around his hometown of Rujban in the country 's western mountains . "  Building owners welcome it , " he says . "  Not one single person said no . I get a lot of support . " Several miles away in the rebel-controlled city of Zintan , Masoud Baji is also using art as weapon . He was a calligrapher before the uprising began in Libya last February . Now , he revels in his new career . Each of his paintings , he says , expresses Gadhafi 's persecution of the Libyan people . One portrays Gadhafi as a vampire sucking the wealth of the people . "  He has not left anything for them , he kept us illiterate , without education , " Baji says . "  He kept everything for himself . " Some of the paintings are humorous . Some make strong political commentary . All are new in a nation where freedom of expression was an unknown under Gadhafi . "  Now we can express ourselves freely , thank god , " Baji says . "  The chains have been lifted . Everyone can express themselves . Even a simple painting about the tyrant , now we can paint . Before the revolution we could not do that , he would arrest and in some cases kill us . " Zamoul and his assistant , calligrapher Abdul Aziz , bear sizzling daytime temperatures to create their latest fresco -- "  The Lady of the Sea " beckoning rebel fighters to come and join her in Tripoli . "  What I have inside I can now express and put it on the walls , " Zamoul says . In this particular expression , he has , perhaps , captured the heart of the Libyan rebels , fighting bitterly to make it Tripoli .	Political art is springing up in rebel-held areas of Libya Artists are expressing their opposition to Moammar Gadhafi The paintings show Gadhafi as a ruthless dictator "  Some people fight . I use a brush , " says one artist
Cuban-Americans have had an outsized influence in keeping the U.S. embargo since Fidel Castro seized power . Now a younger generation , with strong familial ties there but far removed from the memories of Castro 's revolution , want the embargo to end . "  Asking whether someone is for or against the embargo was a good question in 1962 , " said Giancarlo Sopo , a 31-year-old Miami-born marketing executive in New York . "  We 've allowed this policy to become the 800-pound gorilla in the room and a distraction from the atrocities of the regime , the human rights abuses , and the aspirations of the Cuban people , " he added . His statement is startling . Sopo says his grandfather was murdered by the Castro regime . Sopo 's father , who he says witnessed the killing , fought in the Bay of Pigs invasion . According to analysts , as more Cuban-American millennials begin to question the embargo , more will begin to abandon their Republican roots for the Democratic Party , like Sopo did . Democrats have long-hoped to make inroads with Cuban-Americans , the only Latino group that still leans Republican , and have taken notice of the generational shift . Former Secretary of State , Hillary Clinton , deemed the clear front-runner for the Democratic presidential nomination in 2016 , recently said she would like to see the U.S. move toward normalizing relations with Cuba . "  I think it has propped up the Castros because they can blame everything on the embargo , " she said during a July interview on Fusion . CNN reached out for comment but no one from Clinton 's office was immediately available for a response . This year 's Florida gubernatorial race will measure just how strong the GOP 's grasp on Cuban Americans remains . Incumbent Republican Gov. Rick Scott who supports the embargo faces former Republican-now-Democrat Governor Charlie Crist who during a July campaign stop in Miami 's Little Havana openly called for an end to the embargo , a move that had been considered political suicide in the state . At a debate sponsored by CNN in Florida earlier this week , Crist said he would n't be willing to go so far as meeting with Raul Castro , but he defended his opposition to the embargo . "  The embargo has been in place for over 50 years , it has not worked . The intent of the embargo was to get rid of the Castro brothers . They 're still there , " Crist said . Related : Florida debate turns bitter "  The message that worked well in the past -- Cuban Embargo -- and moved older Cubans to vote Republican , is not as impactful for younger U.S. born Cubans , " said Luis Miranda Jr. , a managing partner at MirRam Group , a political consulting firm . He says messages of employment , economic recovery and fixing the broken immigration system is what resonates with this group . It 's not just Cuban-Americans , many young Latinos are questioning the embargo . Twenty nine-year-old old Chicago-based writer Hector Luis Alamo , who is of Puerto Rican and Honduran descent , says people in his generation feel that "  It 's about damn time " for the embargo to end . Alamo says that he and every other millennial he knows desperately want the opportunity to travel to Cuba -- even those that are not Cuban . "  I do n't believe that -LSB- being of Cuban descent -RSB- matters , " Alamo said . "  As an American , I have a vested interest in the policies of my government not only towards its own citizens , but also towards the citizens of other countries . " On Oct. 11 , the NY Times joined the anti-embargo chorus . "  For the first time in more than 50 years , shifting politics in the United States and changing policies in Cuba make it politically feasible to re-establish formal diplomatic relations and dismantle the senseless embargo " , wrote the Times ' editorial board . "  The generation that adamantly supports the embargo is dying off . Younger Cuban-Americans hold starkly different views , having come to see the sanctions as more damaging than helpful . " A June poll by Florida International University found that more than half of Cuban-Americans surveyed in Miami support an end to the embargo and a solid majority of them also favor restoring diplomatic relations with Havana . The Obama administration has not endorsed lifting the embargo , however . And it can only be lifted by Congress and as Mauricio Claver-Carone , Director of the U.S.-Cuba Democracy PAC , a lobby group in favor of keeping the embargo , points out , all seven Cuban-American legislators , including senators Marco Rubio , Ted Cruz and Bob Menendez , are against doing so . Still , the Cuban-American community is changing . "  The Cuban-American community is definitely different from that of several years ago , " says Professor Mauricio Font , Director of New York University 's Bildner Center for Western Hemisphere Studies . "  It has a large number of post-1990 immigrants who generally oppose the Castro regime but may want to keep the options to travel to Cuba . Furthermore , the ` historicos ' who came to the U.S. in the late ' 50 's and 60 's are also experiencing attrition from aging . " The United States and Cuba have been at odds for over 50 years . Both sides have recently taken small steps towards a reconciliation . In 2011 , President Barack Obama eased travel restrictions to the island for American citizens and last week , Cuba said it would be willing to cooperate with Washington to help fight the Ebola epidemic in West Africa . But , only time will tell if a new generation of young , engaged Latino voters can exert enough political heat to completely thaw a relationship frozen during the Cold War .	A new generation of Cuban-Americans is re-thinking the 50 year-old embargo Democratic politicians have endorsed ending the embargo
CNN  -- An ambulance that rushed former South African President Nelson Mandela to hospital two weeks ago broke down on the way there , but the anti-apartheid icon 's health was not compromised , a government spokesman said Saturday . Mandela has been hospitalized in serious but stable condition in Pretoria since June 8 for a recurring lung infection . "  When the ambulance experienced engine problems , it was decided that it would be best to transfer to another military ambulance which itself was accompanied for the rest of the journey by a civilian ambulance , " spokesman Mac Maharaj said . South Africa 's first black president gets round-the-clock care , and his house is retrofitted with medical equipment that mirrors that of an intensive care unit . The military ambulance he used at the time is fully-equipped and includes intensive care specialists and nurses , and two quick response vehicles , according to the spokesman . "  All care was taken to ensure that the former President Mandela 's medical condition was not compromised by the unforeseen incident , " Maharaj said . Mandela , 94 , has become increasingly frail over the years and has not appeared in public since South Africa hosted the World Cup in 2010 . Despite his rare public appearances , news of his ailment sparks concerns worldwide . "  I think the concern , the anxiety shown by people throughout the world and South Africa is perfectly understandable , " Maharaj said this month . "  The most important thing is that we should realize that this is a life that we need to celebrate , even when he 's with us . And we will celebrate it , even when he is not with us . " Mandela has been in and out of hospital in recent years . His history of lung problems dates to when he was a political prisoner on Robben Island during the apartheid era , and he has battled respiratory infections over the years . Last year , he spent the Christmas holidays undergoing treatment for a lung infection and gallstones , one of his longest hospital stays since his release from prison in 1990 . Considered the founding father of South Africa 's democracy , Mandela became an international figure while enduring 27 years in prison for fighting against apartheid , the country 's system of racial segregation . In 1993 , Mandela and then-South African President F.W. de Klerk jointly won the Nobel Peace Prize . The iconic leader was elected the nation 's first black president a year later , serving only one term , as he had promised . Even as he has faded from the spotlight , he retains his popularity and is considered a hero of democracy in the nation . Last year , South Africa launched a new batch of banknotes with a picture of a smiling Mandela on the front . Mandela 's impact extends far beyond South African borders . After he left office , he mediated conflicts from Africa to the Middle East . He turns 95 next month . CNN 's Kim Norgaard contributed to this report .	Despite the incident , Mandela 's health was not compromised , spokesman says Mandela is in a serious but stable condition in the hospital , government says He has been hospitalized since June 8 for a recurring lung infection
CNN  -- Fifteen employees were fired for improperly accessing medical records of Nadya Suleman , the mother of octuplets , a Kaiser Permanente spokesman said Monday . Nadya Suleman has been the subject of much curiosity since she gave birth to octuplets . "  We always provide training on the importance of patient privacy and confidentiality , " said Jim Anderson , the hospital spokesman . "  We knew from the time she  Nadya Suleman  was admitted to the hospital in December , this case would attract attention . "  Numerous training sessions were held to remind people of the need to keep the information confidential . " Eight other employees of the Bellflower , California hospital were disciplined for accessing Suleman 's files , Anderson said . Anderson said there 's no indication that any of the information was distributed outside the hospital to the media . Suleman , a resident La Habra , California , and already a single mother with six young children , gave birth to the octuplets through in-vitro fertilization , fueling controversy . News of her collecting public assistance for some of her children also outraged many taxpayers .	Eight other employees disciplined for accessing Nadya Suleman 's files Kaiser Permanente says training was given emphasizing privacy issues Spokesman : There 's no indication any information was distributed outside hospital Suleman was mother of six when she gave birth to octuplets
Patti Davis , Ronald Reagan 's daughter , recently speculated on where her father might stand on same-sex marriage . Politico published her thoughts under the headline , "  Patti Davis says Reagan would n't have opposed gay marriage . " The impact of the article was immediate . A quick Google search yielded multiple follow-up articles and blog posts . Liberals nationwide were off and running with a new same-sex marriage endorsement : this one from Reagan , the conservative 's conservative . This is not the first time liberals have rushed to recast Reagan according to their policy preferences . Immediately after his death in June 2004 , he was trotted out as a poster-boy for embryonic stem-cell research . Please , not so fast . In Davis ' defense , she starts with a crucial point about her father , one liberals had utterly refused while the man was alive : "  He was a very tolerant person . " Indeed , Reagan was tolerant -- on religion , on race , on ethnic differences , on differences of opinion on many things , and also toward gays . As Davis notes , "  He did not have prejudices against gay people . " Davis gives just a few of many examples . But she then goes where I do n't think we should . She states of her father and same-sex marriage : "  I do n't think he would stand in the way of it , at all . I do n't think he would stand in the way of two people wanting to make a commitment to one another . " French lawmakers approve same-sex marriage bill Davis then uses an argument that is libertarian  which Reagan was not  , and which fails to understand the essence of conservatives ' objection to same-sex marriage : "  I also think because he wanted government out of peoples ' lives , he would not understand the intrusion of government banning such a thing . This is not what he would have thought government should be doing . " The problem with that statement , applied to the same-sex marriage debate , is this : Conservatives object to the federal government rendering unto itself the unprecedented ability to redefine marriage . Such is a massive step toward government intervention  one that should worry libertarians  , toward powerful government , toward big government -- not restrained and limited government . It is a step that breaks entirely new ground in not only American history but human history , one with unimaginable and extraordinary effects yet to come on the family , the culture , the economy , government services and  among others  the court system . The essence of conservatism is to preserve and conserve time-tested values that have endured for good reason and for the best of society and for order . Conservatives -- which is what Reagan was -- aim to conserve . By their nature and definition , conservatives do not rush into radical changes or what they fear may be another fad or fashion or popular demand . They also , by their definition , ground their ideals in both natural law and biblical law . I know that secular liberals do n't want to hear religious arguments against same-sex marriage , but , if we 're talking about Reagan  and conservatives  , we can not exclude them . Sutter : Same-sex marriage has n't won  yet ... Contrary to the image of him as president , Reagan was very religious and would not have so easily consented to a culture suddenly demanding the right to redefine what the scriptures  Old Testament and New Testament  say clearly about a man and a woman leaving their parents and coming together to form one flesh in marriage . Reagan 's religious roots were deep , inculcated by his mother , an extremely devout , traditional Christian , and others who profoundly influenced him in Dixon , Illinois , in the 1920s . He said that "  everything " he learned about the values that shaped his life and presidency he learned back in Dixon . It was his "  inheritance , " one that never left him . Needless to say , Reagan did not learn to support same-sex marriage in Dixon . Moreover , Reagan was unwavering in his conviction of the importance of a father and a mother raising children and the next generation of American citizens and understood marriage as a vital bond between a man and a woman . To cite just one example from the final days of his presidency  January 12 , 1989  , Reagan insisted that "  we must teach youngsters the beauty of the loving , lifelong relationship between husband and wife that is marriage . " Yes , Reagan was tolerant of gay people -- as is everyone I know who opposes same-sex marriage -- but that in no way means he would have advocated redefining marriage . Toleration of something certainly does not automatically translate into advocating its legalization . We could list innumerable things that we tolerate -- including from friends and family and loved ones -- but would n't argue legalizing . Even then , that 's not quite the issue . The issue , after all , is n't whether homosexuality should be legal  no one objects to that  but whether marriage will now begin a long process of continual redefinition . It 's a form of intellectual laziness for liberals/progressives to reflexively assume that anyone who disagrees with them on redefining marriage is a recalcitrant bigot with no possible legitimate reasons . After all , same-sex marriage opponents are adhering to the prevailing definition of marriage according to its literal and ancient roots ; they believe in the cross-cultural norm that humanity has adhered to since the dawn of humanity , to a human understanding as old as the Garden of Eden . It 's remarkably short-sighted to dismiss them as hopeless bigots . That brings me back to Ronald Reagan . It 's funny , people on the political left spent eight years calling Reagan a bigot . When liberals were n't denouncing him as an unregenerate racist -- the single most unfair charge unceasingly flung at Reagan -- they were saying that he did n't like gay people and did nothing about AIDS because he was happy to let gays die . Davis remembers this well , as she does the vicious accusation that her father was a nuclear warmonger . To say that liberals were unhinged in their nastiness to Reagan is insufficient . Now , in his death , they 'd like to remold him in their own image , crowning him a poster boy for same-sex marriage . The simple truth is that Reagan was a committed and principled conservative who had thoughtful and firmly grounded reasons for his positions . That , too , ironically , is a fact that liberals ignored , caricaturing Reagan as an idiot , a simpleton , an "  amiable dunce , " as Clark Clifford famously called him . He would not have merrily hopped on the same-sex marriage bandwagon without first carefully considering how the issue fit with his understanding of the laws of nature and nature 's God , of the first things and first principles that conservatives of Reagan 's generation spent years discussing at great length in their books and publications and conferences . Could we at least agree on this much ? Reagan was silent on same-sex marriage , as was everyone of his generation . He , like all liberals of his time , could not have conceived of same-sex marriage , and he , like the entirety of the Democratic Party just a decade or two ago , unwaveringly supported traditional marriage . Let 's leave it at that .	Paul Kengor : Patti Davis says her father would have backed same-sex marriage He says there 's no evidence Reagan would have supported rethinking of marriage Kengor says Reagan opposed prejudice against gays but was profoundly conservative He says Reagan would have considered it but would have been reluctant to change
CNN  -- Bayern Munich and Borussia Dortmund recorded thumping wins in the Bundesliga on Saturday as both teams returned to domestic action following Champions League triumphs in midweek . Bayern , who wrapped up their 23rd Bundesliga title last weekend , thrashed Nuremburg 4-0 at the Allianz Arena . Jupp Heynckes rested nine of the team who beat Juventus 2-0 in the Champions League quarterfinal but still cruised to victory . First-half goals from German defender Jerome Boateng , Mario Gomez and Brazilian Rafinha gave the home side a virtually unassailable lead before Swiss winger Xherdan Shaqiri grabbed a fourth 11 minutes into the second half . Join the debate at CNN Football Club "  The game showed my players have a very professional attitude at this stage of the season , " said Bayern coach Jupp Heynckes . "  It 's good that I was able to make nine changes , we still have a lot of games ahead of us and I would n't have made the changes if I had n't felt this team would win . " Bayern now have 78 points with five games remaining and seem assured of breaking Borussia Dortmund 's league record of 81 points set last year . After narrowly getting past Malaga in their Champions League quarterfinal on Tuesday , Dortmund made lighter work of Greuther Fuerth on Saturday . The 6-1 hammering of the Bundesliga 's bottom side sees Jurgen Klopp 's side consolidate second place in the table . Elsewhere , relegation-threatened Hoffenheim played out a 2-2 draw with Wolfsburg . Werder Bremen also drew 2-2 with Dusseldorf . Hamburg move up to eighth in the table after a 2-1 win at Mainz .	Bayern Munich maintain 20-point lead at top of Bundesliga Jupp Heynckes side beat Nuremburg 4-0 taking season tally to 78 points Bayern need four more points to beat record set by Borussia Dortmund last season Dortmund thrash Greuther Fuerth 6-1 to consolidate second place in table
Matador  -- Grab a helmet and check out these 15 cities where drivers use all five fingers when they wave at you . EUROPE Amsterdam , Netherlands The " bicycling capital of Europe " tops many lists -- including this one , it seems -- as the most bike-friendly city anywhere . Safe and extensive route networks , serious governmental promotion , and a bike culture that transcends class boundaries are all reasons why 40 percent of the city 's traffic moves on two wheels . Barcelona , Spain Barcelona 's Bicing program , one of many mass bike rental systems that have popped up recently in Europe and beyond , debuted in 2007 in the Catalonian capital . An annual Bike Week is held in late May to spread the word . Berlin , Germany Commuting Berliners are never lonely -- 400,000 of them pedal to work each day . City leaders still are n't satisfied with this figure , and millions of euros have been allocated to encourage more cyclists to get on the streets . One result is a mapping website that helps you plot bike-specific routes . Matador : Photo essay - 16 reasons to travel Patagonia by bike Copenhagen , Denmark In the Danish capital , around a third of the workforce gets to the office by bike . By some estimates , that 's more than a million kilometers pedaled every day . For an alternative and truly bike-friendly urban experience , check out Christiania , a neighborhood of 850 that , in addition to setting up a semi-independent government and decriminalizing trade in cannabis , has banned cars . Paris , France Paris gets a nod here for its creation ofVélib ' , one of the world 's largest public bicycle rental programs . Twenty thousand stylish three-speeds are distributed among 1,450 rental stations throughout the city , available to subscribers at variable rates  rides under 30 minutes are free  . NORTH AMERICA Boulder , Colorado Denver 's little hippy neighbor to the north dedicates 15 % of its transportation budget to improving and promoting bicycle travel . Nearly every major roadway has a designated cycling area , and they 've even instituted a pilot program to get kids biking to school . This guy has created a very cool color-coded route map , complete with local attractions . Chicago , Illinois Late during his 22-year tenure , Mayor Richard Daley became set on turning Chicago into "  the most bicycle-friendly city in the United States . " It does n't appear to be all talk , either , as more bike lanes pop up all the time , and more laws that protect cyclists ' safety are passed . The City of Chicago website has all you could ever want to know about the city 's bicycle initiatives . Matador : 12 essential items for a cycling trip Davis , California It 's said there are more bikes than cars in this small , northern California city of 65,000 . Not only that , but its official motto is "  Most bicycle friendly town in the world . " The city marks Bike Month throughout May . Ottawa , Ontario Canada 's capital claims the highest percentage of bike commuters in the country , if not the continent . Its 170 km of paths make it easy to get from point A to B , though two-wheeled traffic is sure to drop between December and March . Visit the City of Ottawa website for more . Portland , Oregon You were worried there for a second , were n't you ? No , we have n't forgotten what most people consider the bike capital of the U.S. . The only thing as impressive as Portland 's bicycle infrastructure  including a 260-mile network  and commuter stats  almost 10 % , the highest in the country  is the camaraderie of its cyclist community . San Francisco , California The founding city of Critical Mass -- mass bike rides that take place in cities around the world -- ca n't be overlooked . Over the past decade , bicycle collisions have declined while the number of bike commuters has nearly doubled . Add city initiatives like removing car parking to make room for bike parking , distributing "  Watch for Bikes " stickers  to be placed on driver 's side rearview mirrors  , and its fledgling bike share program , and you get one of the world 's bike-friendliest cities . Matador : 10 long-distance bicycle routes in the U.S. ELSEWHERE Beijing , China Debatable ? Sure . But I would n't call the city with probably the most bicycles of any in the world to be bike unfriendly . The sheer number of cyclists necessitates some pretty sophisticated infrastructure for the travel , storage and repair of two-wheeled vehicles . Cape Town , South Africa African cities are n't the first that spring to mind for bike friendliness , but Cape Town is doing its best to change that . The South African hub is committed to creating cycling lanes , dedicated bike parking and public commuter showers . Bogotá , Colombia Bogotá 's transportation initiatives have been a model for change throughout Latin America , and its treatment of bicycles is no exception . Miles of safe , segregated bike paths and Sunday Ciclovía events  where main thoroughfares are closed to cars  make Colombian cyclists very happy . Perth , Australia With more than 700 km of bike routes and plenty to see along them , Australia 's fourth largest city takes it for Down Under . Find maps , recommended rides and other cycling resources on the Perth Bike Maps webpage . Matador : 8 steps for successful self-supported bicycle tours See full story on MatadorNetwork.com © 2011 Matador Network , Matador Ventures , LLC .	Although Europe is home to many bike-friendly cities , Amsterdam is its bicycling capital Designated cycling areas are appearing in many major U.S. cities , like Boulder , Colorado Other world cities , like Cape Town , are making improvements to become bike-friendly
CNN  -- The International Criminal Court will not prosecute Israel for a 2010 raid on a Gaza-bound aid ship that left eight Turks and an American dead , even though there 's reason to believe war crimes were committed , a prosecutor with the Netherlands-based court said Thursday . While conceding that war crimes may have been committed in the botched raid , the potential cases "  would not be of ` sufficient gravity ' to justify further action by the ICC , " prosecutor Fatou Bensouda said . "  In the final analysis , I have , therefore , concluded that the legal requirements under the Rome Statute to open an investigation have not been met and I am announcing that the preliminary examination has been closed , " Bensouda said . The case centers on an attempt by groups including the Cyprus-based Free Gaza Movement and a pro-Palestinian Turkish charity to deliver goods to the Palestinian territory despite an Israeli blockade in May 2010 . Activists organized a flotilla and departed Cyprus for Gaza , hoping to raise awareness of what it called Israel 's "  illegal siege on " the territory . But Israeli commandos raided one of the ships , the Mavi Marmara , because it violated the Israeli-imposed blockade on the Palestinian territory . Eight Turks and an American citizen of Turkish descent were killed in the raid . Israel said at the time that its troops fired only after they were attacked with knives and other objects after boarding the ship . The Mavi Marmara raid damaged relations between Turkey and Israel , two close allies of the United States that had previously enjoyed military , economic and intelligence-sharing ties . Last year , U.S. President Barack Obama helped broker a telephone apology for the raid from Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu to his Turkish counterpart . Israel imposed the blockade on Gaza in 2007 after the militant group Hamas seized control of the Palestinian territory . It was designed to stop the smuggling of arms into the territory , the Israeli government said . But activists say Israel 's embargo of goods into Gaza from land and sea punishes civilians in the tiny and densely populated strip of land along the Mediterranean coast . Bensouda started examining the case last year at the urging of the Comoros , an island nation off Africa 's eastern coast . Though the flotilla departed from Cyprus , the Mavi Marmara was registered in the Comoros . CNN 's Ivan Watson , Gul Tuysuz and Richard Allen Greene contributed to this report .	Potential war crimes not of "  sufficient gravity " to litigate , a prosecutor says Israeli commandos killed nine people aboard Gaza-bound Mavi Marmara in 2010 The Israeli military boarded the ship because it violated Israel 's blockade of Gaza The incident marred relations between Israel and Turkey
LONDON , England  CNN  -- This month , CNN Business Traveller takes an in-depth look at how the aviation industry is faring as global fuel prices continue to rise . End of the line : the commercial airline graveyard in the Mojave Desert outside Los Angeles Job losses , losing weight off aircraft , increasing fuel surcharges and retiring old aircraft are options being considered and implemented . Host Richard Quest opens the program in the Mojave Desert , just outside Los Angeles , known as the aircraft graveyard , where retired airliners end up . Old vintage planes like Pan Am and DC-9s , as well as 747s and 737s are all gathered here , and the aircraft are dismantled before their parts are sold . Quest reports on how one particular airline is weathering the storm - Richard Branson 's Virgin Group , and he also looks at the low cost sector . Watch the show . " The World Low Cost Carriers Conference in London provides him with the opportunity to meet key CEOs including Tony Davis from Tiger Airways , Brett Godfrey from Virgin Blue and Tony Fernandes from Air Asia . It 's not just the aviation industry that is feeling the grip of the credit crunch , however : the hotels are beginning to feel the impact too . Demand is down and subsequently rates are lower . Quest asks Andy Cosslett , CEO of the Intercontinental Group , how his hotels are having to adapt in order to remain profitable .	This month 's show examines how airlines are faring as global fuel prices rise The show is presented from the Mojave desert , the commercial airline graveyard We also talk to low cost carriers to find out how they are weathering the storm And we find out how hotels are reacting to the global credit crunch
