BLOEMFONTEIN , South Africa  CNN  -- Three hours before the game , the car park outside the rugby stadium in Bloemfontein , seems to be filled with more "  braais "  barbecues  than cars . Black players such as Bryan Habana typify the new multiracial Springboks . It is a typical , even iconic , white South African scene . At first glance , off the field , it might appear that nothing has changed in South African rugby -- the sport that came to symbolize white domination -- since the days of Apartheid . Most of the spectators are white , Afrikaans and guzzling brandy and coke . On their "  braais , " they are cooking the local favorite "  boerewors " -- a distinctive local farmer 's sausage . But appearances can be deceiving . On the field , history is being made . South African rugby has changed . And the game 's most ardent fans -- in the heart of Afrikaner country -- do n't seem to mind . Facing Wales , South Africa 's rugby team -- the reigning world champions -- took to the field with a new black coach , Peter de Villiers , and seven black players out of a team of 15 -- the most black players ever . Fourteen years after democracy , it seems South Africa 's messy post-Apartheid race relations are slowly being worked out on the sports field . "  This is a new era . It changes the face of rugby . Historically and politically it 's always seen as a white preserve . But the appointment of Peter de Villiers is a huge change in terms of mind set , " South African rugby president Oregan Hoskins told CNN . Is South African sport doing enough to tackle the legacy of Apartheid ? Have your say The man at the heart of this rugby revolution is easy to miss . Amid the thick necks and even thicker thighs of a Springbok training session , de Villiers is the short , slight man who seems to have perfected the art of disappearing into the crowd . In fact , the largest thing about him is his bushy moustache . It took us months to pin him down for an interview and he already has a reputation for dodging the media . I could n't figure out if he was nervous or just deeply suspicious of the press . But when I met him , I realized he does n't really care what people read or write about him . He 's deeply religious . The whole interview is peppered with references to God or the Bible and he makes a point of saying that his life is certainly not going to be defined by him being the Springbok coach . That said , he admits that "  since my childhood I 've wanted to be a Springbok . To be a part of the set-up . But politics did n't allow us . " He says he was a good player -- but as a colored man he was barred from the white rugby set-up . In fact , during Apartheid , black and whites were not allowed to play sport together or against each other . The races were separated in all spheres of life . Fourteen years since those days , has the sport managed to transform itself from white domination to a multi-racial institution ? Yes , say the fans . White , Afrikaans and by now tanked up with brandy and coke , we could not find one person who resented the new black Springboks . One group of burly men who were braai-ing Springbok meat on kebabs , told us : "  It is our team , we have to support them -- Do n't think it bothers anyone as long as we can see them win . " And that 's probably the point . South Africans are a competitive hard-nosed bunch ; they hate to see their side lose . So as long as the world champions are winning , the supporters will love them -- white or black . To complicate matters further , three of the Springbok 's black players are Zimbabweans . Not South Africans . But nobody seems to mind the "  foreigners " either .	In South Africa , rugby union was once symbolic of white domination South African rugby team now features seven black players -- the most ever Peter de Villiers is South Africa 's first black coach Rugby fans say they care more about winning than color of players ' skins
Hong Kong  CNN  -- On the Reporters Without Borders map of global press freedom , China appears as one big black spot . China is ranked at 173 in the most recent World Press Freedom Index due in part to its track record for imprisoning journalists and censoring the Internet . And the situation shows no sign of improving . Last month , global viewers witnessed reporters for the BBC and CNN get shoved and manhandled outside the trial of activist Xu Zhiyong . Foreign media were literally pushed away from the story . "  And it 's gotten much worse in recent years , " says Charles Hutzler , the Wall Street Journal 's China Bureau Chief who has over 20 years of experience covering China . "  Particularly in the countryside and in small towns , if you happen to be covering a story that the local officials just do not want to get out , they will do more than push people around . They will grab cameras and confiscate them , and in some cases smash them . " Visa threat Foreign correspondents in China face bureaucratic harassment as well , with the increasing threat of having a visa not renewed or even revoked . "  This year of course was unprecedented , the pressure on the New York Times and Bloomberg , both of which had written about the private financial affairs of relatives of senior leaders , " says Peter Ford , President of the Foreign Correspondents Club of China and Beijing Bureau Chief for the Christian Science Monitor . "  Entire bureaus of those organizations were implicitly threatened , because they had to wait for their visas until the very , very last minute . " Ford adds : "  In the absence of any official explanation of why they had to wait this long , it will certainly feed suspicion that it 's retribution for the content of their coverage . " But the risks are far greater for Chinese nationals who can be continually harassed or jailed for contributing to a sensitive report . "  Foreign correspondents are at times vulnerable , but really , the people we most need to protect are our sources , and then our Chinese colleagues , because unlike a foreign correspondent they ca n't leave , " Hutzler says . The government says it wants journalists to cover news in an objective and fair-minded way . But at the same time , does what it can to shut down or discredit stories that upset the political balance . Losing its grip Despite its attempts to pressure reporters and their sources and to craft a state-approved version of events , Beijing appears to be losing its grip on the story . "  As China becomes more open and more integrated in the economy , there 's more information available .  With  listed companies in New York and Hong Kong , company records are available . Official affiliations to these companies are available . So the new phenomenon now is getting at the data and to mine the information , " says Ying Chan , journalism professor at the University of Hong Kong and co-director of the China Media Project . But if China wants an open economy , it must be open to transparency . And more transparency means more data for journalists to dig into . Likewise , more access to social media platforms like Sina Weibo or Tencent 's WeChat has led to more citizen journalists breaking the story . "  The proliferation and availability of smartphones means that migrant workers in factories in South China are also communicating through social media , whether it 's through WeChat or Weibo , " says Hutzler . Enterprising reporters "  The government is trying very hard to get on top of these technologies , but I think the trend is there . They 're losing control of the narrative . " Even from inside China 's media machine , enterprising local reporters are working independently of the official party line . "  They are doing good work in commercial-run media . But also some are doing good work in the state media and that 's interesting , " Chan tells me . "  We can not assume that if it 's a party paper , you must be toeing the party line . This is the growing diversity of coverage in local Chinese media . " And if they are censored in print , they can always push the story online . Ying Chan fires up WeChat on her smartphone , and shows me an array of independent Chinese media channels inside the popular messaging app . Beijing may be playing rough with reporters , but reporters are playing smart . There 's still room to maneuver around China 's big black spot on journalism .	Foreign correspondents falling foul of Chinese authorities as they take a tougher line Many face bureaucratic harassment with work visas not renewed Risks far greater for Chinese nationals who can be continually harassed or jailed But enterprising reporters are using Internet , social media to play the censors
CNN  -- When Se Ri Pak won the U.S. Women 's Open in 1998 , she could not have imagined the impact it would have on the golfing world . Then 20 years old , and the only South Korean on the LPGA Tour , Pak won a titanic 20-hole playoff to claim her second major title in her rookie season . She had won the LPGA Championship earlier that year , but it was her success at Blackwolf Run that triggered a phenomenal boom in female golfing talent in both her home country and Asia in general . Four of the last five U.S. Women 's Open champions have been from Korea , most recently Na Yeon Choi -- who on Sunday clinched her first major title with a four-shot victory over compatriot Amy Yang at the same course in Kohler , Wisconsin where Pak inspired so many dreams . "  That was 14 years ago . I was only 10 years old and when I was watching TV , my goal was ... my dream was like I just want to be there , " Choi said on the LPGA website . "  And 14 years later I 'm here right now , and I made it . My dream 's come true . I really appreciate what Se Ri did and all the Korean players , what they did . It 's really no way I can be here without them . "  I really wish like 14 years later from now some junior golfer or some young Korean golfer says , ' I was watching on TV how Na Yeon was playing 14 years ago and that inspired me . " Feng aims to be ` the Li Na of golf ' after historic LPGA win Pak was there to congratulate Choi , having overcome shoulder problems to take her place in the starting field -- 29 of which were Korean . The five-time major winner wrapped up a round of one-under 71 , which was good enough for a tie for ninth , as Choi was playing at the adjacent ninth hole . "  I 'm trying to give her a little look back , but I do n't want her to lose her focus , so I 'm trying to not give her a look , " Pak said . "  But you know , she 's already been there many times . She won five times  on the LPGA Tour  already , and of course , this is a little different than a regular event , but she 's good enough to be out there , she hung in there . " Choi needed to hold her nerve after a triple-bogey at the 10th cut her lead to two shots , and responded with an immediate birdie before a 20-foot par-saving putt at 12 and some lucky bounces off rocks to avoid the water hazard at 13 . "  That moment  the triple-bogey  maybe I thought I might screw up today , but I thought I needed to fix that . I can do it , " Choi said . "  So I tried to think what I have to do . So I started to talk with my caddie about just like what airplane tomorrow , or about the car or about the vacation . Not golf . " From military kid to major champion : Creamer 's salute to U.S. soldiers The top 10 featured just three American players , as 2010 winner Paula Creamer tied for seventh with Japan 's Mika Miyazoto while 2007 champion Cristie Kerr and Nicole Castrale were alongside Pak on four over for the tournament . Germany 's Sandra Gal claimed third ahead of South Korea 's Ilhee Lee , LPGA Championship winner Shanshan Feng of China and Italy 's Giulia Sergas in fourth equal . Defending champion So Yeon Ru of Korea was tied for 14th in a group including 17-year-old American Lexi Thompson , who was seeking to become the youngest winner of a major in either the men 's or women 's game . She had been tied for third after 54 holes , but closed with 78 -- a better closing round might have made her a winner 10 days younger than Tom Morris when he triumphed at the British Open in 1868 . Former U.S. teen prodigy Michelle Wie faded from 13th going into the final round to a tie for 35th after carding 80 . She was a shot ahead of a group including 15-year-old Korea-born New Zealander Lydia Ko , who was the top amateur in 39th equal . Ko became the youngest player to win a professional tournament in January when still 14 . The world 's top-ranked player , Yani Tseng of Taiwan , finished equal 50th alongside veteran former No. 1 Karrie Webb after carding a second successive 78 .	Na Yeon Choi becomes fourth Korean in five years to win U.S. Women 's Open She watched Se Ri Pak win the same tournament at the same venue in 1998 Pak congratulates Choi after finishing tied for ninth at Blackwolf Run on Sunday Choi 's compatriot Amy Yang claims second place in the major tournament
Las Vegas  CNN  -- The National Security Agency 's controversial intelligence-gathering programs have prevented 54 terrorist attacks around the world , including 13 in the United States , according to Gen. Keith Alexander , NSA director . Speaking before a capacity crowd of hackers and security experts Wednesday at the Black Hat computer-security conference , Alexander defended the NSA 's embattled programs , which collect phone metadata and online communications in an effort to root out potential terrorists . The secret programs have come under fire since their existence was revealed in June by former CIA contractor Edward Snowden , who leaked details about them to several newspapers . "  I promise you the truth -- what we know , what we 're doing , and what I can not tell you because we do n't want to jeopardize our future defense , " Alexander told the audience , which included a few hecklers who shouted profanities and accused him of lying . He then gave a partial recap , using PowerPoint slides , of how the two intelligence programs work . Alexander said the NSA can collect metadata on phone calls in the United States , including the date and time of the call , the numbers involved and the length of the conversations . He made a special point of saying the NSA does not have access to the content of citizens ' calls or text messages . Top senator questions need to collect phone records Alexander said the NSA 's PRISM surveillance program , which probes digital activity such as e-mail , instant messaging and Web searches , focuses on foreign actors and does not apply to people in the United States . He said the phone and Internet data is necessary to "  connect the dots " and identify potential terrorists before they act . Alexander attempted to reassure the audience that NSA officials are not abusing access to the databases to intrude on Americans ' privacy . "  The assumption is that people are out there just wheeling and dealing  users ' information  , and nothing could be further from the truth , " he said . "  We have tremendous oversight and compliance in these programs . " Congress and courts make sure the programs operate within the bounds of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act , and internal auditing systems are in place to prevent any abuse by employees , Alexander said . He added that only 35 analysts are authorized to run queries on the phone metadata . Alexander made no mention of a report in Wednesday 's Guardian newspaper about the existence of another secret NSA program , called XKeyscore . According to documents provided to the Guardian by Snowden , XKeyscore allows analysts to search with no prior authorization through vast databases containing e-mails , online chats and the browsing histories of millions of people . CNNMoney : NSA chief to hackers : If you do n't like what we do , change it Alexander denied accusations that the NSA programs allow the government to collect all online data on everyone . "  We ca n't afford to and do n't want to collect everything , " he said . "  I have four daughters . Can I go and intercept their e-mails ? The answer is no , " said the security chief before looking out at the auditorium thick with hackers and joking , "  You may be able to . " Aside from a couple jokes , Alexander 's words were serious and measured , and he seemed unfazed by a smattering of heckling from the audience during his hourlong talk . Ex-NSA chief : Safeguards exist to protect Americans ' privacy "  You lied to Congress . Why would we believe you 're not lying to us right now ? " yelled one person . Alexander replied that people were basing opinions on what was "  written in the press " without looking at facts and urged the heckler read his congressional testimony . During a Q&A session consisting of prescreened questions , Alexander said that one reason terrorists target the United States is a desire by people in the Middle East to run governments under Islamic law . But another attendee disagreed , shouting , "  They want to attack us because we 're bombing them . " Another yell of "  bulls -- ! " inspired the general to cap his explanation of the programs by saying "  And that 's no bulls -- , those are facts . " Overall , the reception to Alexander 's talk seemed mostly positive . Black Hat attendees are primarily corporate-security types , interested in protecting their networks and warding off cyber attacks . The looser , hacker-centric Def Con conference , which starts here Thursday , could likely give him a more hostile reception . Alexander solicited advice on how to better balance security with civil liberties and put up an e-mail address so the room of tech experts could share their ideas with the NSA . He also hinted at possible damage resulting from the Snowden leaks , and wondered aloud whether the government will have the same success preventing terrorist attacks in the next 10 years as it has in the past decade . "  If we tell everyone exactly what we 're doing , then the adversaries will know exactly how to get through our defenses , " he said . Opinion : NSA secrets kill our trust	The NSA director says intel programs have stopped 54 terrorist attacks worldwide Gen. Keith Alexander spoke Wednesday at the Black Hat computer-security conference Alexander : Data-surveillance program does not apply to people in the U.S. Alexander faced some hecklers during his hourlong talk
CNN  -- Seven-times world champion Michael Schumacher has laughed off rumors that he is planning to quit Formula One at the end of the season , confirming he is still totally committed to driving for Mercedes GP . The 42-year-old German 's future has come under scrutiny in recent weeks after a series of disappointing drives , with reports that Mercedes are planning to replace him for the 2012 campaign . In 2010 , Schumacher was overshadowed by younger team-mate Nico Rosberg , and although he has closed the gap this season , Rosberg continues to out-score his more illustrious team-mate . Latest F1 standings after Hungarian GP However , in an interview with the official Mercedes website , Schumacher said : "  Despite some funny rumours and stupid untruthful stories , I keep repeating myself that you will see me in 2012 , whether you like it or do n't like it . " Schumacher added : "  The good thing is that I have a lot of support from all around me . "  I have support from the company and the team -- they all want me to be here and I want to be here , so I am looking forward to next season . " Schumacher 's Mercedes car has struggled to keep pace with the Red Bull , McLaren and Ferrari cars this season . His best result came in June 's Canadian Grand Prix , when he turned back the clock to finish in an impressive fourth place .	Michael Schumacher denies reports he is planning to retire from Formula One The seven-times world champion has struggled in his Mercedes car this year But the 42-year-old has confirmed he will be driving for the German team in 2012
Machu Picchu . It 's on most everybody 's bucket list , and for good reasons . It is one of the most transcendentally beautiful spots on earth . But how do you get to the Peruvian Andes , and what do you do to make the trip easy , comfortable and meaningful ? It 's not the attitude , but the altitude Cuzco , the gateway to Machu Picchu , is more than 11,000 feet above sea level , a height that can cause altitude sickness , especially for travelers coming from low elevations . Machu Picchu is at 7,874 feet , so the best plan to mitigate altitude sickness is to arrive at Cuzco in the morning  the first flight from Lima departs at 6 a.m.  and then immediately grab the first train down to Machu Picchu . Enjoy Cuzco on the back end after acclimatization . How do you get there ? Several airlines have direct service from U.S. gateways to Lima , and from there it is an hour flight to Cuzco , the ancient Inca capital . LAN Airlines has the most direct routing as it serves several major U.S. cities , including Los Angeles , New York , San Francisco and Miami , with a seamless link to Cuzco . Once in Cuzco the choices are generally foot or train down to Machu Picchu . The Inca Trail is a five-day trek over some high passes . It is a spectacular way to enter the citadel of Machu Picchu , but it requires a measure of fitness . It is easy to take several types of trains the 70 miles from Cuzco to Aguas Calientes , the town at the base of the Lost City . The most deluxe train experience is the one-car Incan Princess . Once at Aguas Calientes it is a bus ride up a steep , severe chevron of a road to the Sacred City of the Inca . The government now limits the number of visitors to 5,000 a day , so it 's best to get your ticket in advance , as some folks have been turned away at the entrance gate after making the long trip . You can make your own arrangements or book through a number of veteran outfitters such as Mountain Travel Sobek . They will arrange all tickets , transfers , transport , accommodations and guides . When is the best time to see Machu Picchu ? Machu Picchu is open year-round , but October to April is the rainy season , and therefore it has the fewest visitors . The inconvenience of rain is offset by the lack to tourists , and it is worth considering . Avoid holidays if you can , as Machu Picchu and everything surrounding it is packed . Once at Aguas Calientes  hotel tip : check in at The Inkaterra  , to avoid the crowds and witness one of the most spectacular sunrises in the world , take the first bus from Aguas Calientes , which leaves at 5:30 a.m. It 's worth it . Hints for inside the citadel There are no bathrooms , restaurants or drinking water once you enter the site , but there are facilities just before the entrance . So hold onto your entrance ticket so you can exit and re-enter . Pack sunscreen , a sun hat and water . Weather in the Andes can also change in an instant , so you should also pack a rain jacket . Sturdy shoes are a must . If you are in reasonable shape , sign up to climb Huayna Picchu , the famous peak within the ruins that appears in most photos . They only allow 400 a day to climb , so sign up the day before and go early for best views . What else can you do in the area ? If you have time , sign up for the day raft trip on the Urubamba through the Sacred Valley of the Incas -- one of the most spectacular float trips in the world . And , of course , plan on spending at least two days in Cuzco , a unique blend of European and Inca sensibilities with superb restaurants , hotels and accessible ruins . And try to make a stop at the nearby Pisac market , one of the most colorful bazaars in the world . Most people visit Pisac on Sunday , the main market day , but there are smaller markets on Tuesday and Thursday . Finally , consider extending your trip to other wonders of South America , including the Galapagos , Easter Island and Iguazu , all of which are served by LAN Airlines , with Lima as the hub . What makes Machu Picchu so special ? There is a harmony of elements here , the man-made and the natural . It is a stunning integration of architecture , setting , function , space and form . The Inca knew something we seek : When order combines with complexity , when elegance appears effortless and when there is a coherent but unspoken relationship among the parts , then there is enduring beauty . Richard Bangs is the producer for the upcoming public television special , "  South America : Quest for Wonder . "	Going directly to Machu Picchu may help alleviate altitude sickness Hold onto your entrance ticket so you can exit to use facilities and re-enter You can go by foot or train ; be sure to book early
It sounds like the plot of a bad movie : bugging your boss ' office . Sending naked photos around to co-workers . Sexting in the office . Paying for sex in a massage parlor . But it all happened in the federal agency whose motto is "  fidelity , bravery , integrity " -- the FBI . These lurid details are outlined in confidential internal disciplinary reports obtained by CNN that were issued to FBI employees as a way to deter misconduct . Read the FBI 's internal reports  PDF The FBI hopes these quarterly reports will stem what its assistant director called a "  rash of sexting cases " involving employees who are using their government-issued devices to send lurid texts and nude photos . "  We 're hoping  that  getting the message out in the quarterlies is going to teach people , as well as their supervisors ... you ca n't do this stuff , " FBI assistant director Candice Will told CNN this week . "  When you are given an FBI BlackBerry , it 's for official use . It 's not to text the woman in another office who you found attractive or to send a picture of yourself in a state of undress . That is not why we provide you an FBI BlackBerry . " While the vast majority of the FBI 's 36,000 employees act professionally , the disciplinary reports issued by the agency 's Office of Professional Responsibility show serious misconduct has continued for years . From 2010 to 2012 , the FBI disciplined 1,045 employees for a variety of violations , according to the agency . Eighty-five were fired . The internal reports over the last year do n't specify job titles , names or the location of the employees . Yet , they provide exact details of their misdeeds : -- One employee engaged in a "  romantic relationship with former boyfriend  now husband  knowing he was a drug/user dealer . Employee also lied under oath when questioned during the administrative inquiry about her husband 's activities . " -- Another FBI worker "  hid a recording device in supervisor 's office . In addition , without authorization , employee made copies of supervisor 's negative comments about employee that employee located by conducting an unauthorized search of the supervisor 's office and briefcase . " It said the employee "  lied to investigators during  the  course of the administrative inquiry . " -- An FBI supervisor "  repeatedly committed check fraud and lacked candor under oath . " -- One employee "  was involved in a domestic dispute at mistress ' apartment , requiring police intervention . Employee was drunk and uncooperative with police " and "  refused to relinquish his weapon , making it necessary for the officers to physically subdue him , take the loaded weapon and place employee in handcuffs . " -- In other cases , an employee was charged with DUI for the second time , one used a lost or stolen credit card to buy gas , and another was caught in a child pornography sting operation , according to the internal reports . All of the employees in these cases were fired . More FBI employees were disciplined for their transgressions , including one woman who -- according to the reports -- "  used  a  personal cell phone to send nude photographs of herself to other employees " which "  adversely affected the daily activities of several squads . " Another FBI worker e-mailed a "  nude photograph of herself to ex-boyfriend 's wife . " Both employees received 10-day suspensions . Another who visited a massage parlor "  and paid for a sexual favor from the masseuse " received a 14-day suspension . And an employee who used a government-issued BlackBerry "  to send sexually explicit messages to another employee " was suspended for five days . Will expressed surprise at some of the behavior outlined in the reports . "  As long I 've been doing this ... there are days when I think ` OK , I 've seen it all , ' but I really have n't , " Will said . "  I still get files and I think , ` Wow , I never would have thought of that . ' " Some of the recent cases follow what CNN uncovered in 2011 after obtaining several years of the internal disciplinary reports . Those reports included incidents involving FBI employees sleeping with informants , a sex tape made by an agent and his girlfriend , tapping into FBI databases for unauthorized searches , viewing pornography on bureau computers and other cases of drunk driving . The FBI Agents Association -- which advocates for active and former FBI agents -- said the incidents should be considered in the proper context . "  It is important to note that the ratio of disciplinary issues among FBI agents are among the lowest in the federal government and private sector , " the association 's president Konrad Motyka told CNN .	CNN obtained FBI internal reports on employee misconduct According to the reports , employees sent naked photos and inappropriate text messages An FBI official says it sends the reports to its employees to deter further misconduct She described a "  rash of sexting " cases among the bureau 's employees
Washington  CNN  -- The most conservative Republicans are embracing some of the same campaign strategies -- decreased federal spending , lower tax rates and repealing Obamacare -- that many say led to the party 's defeat in November . It may be a telling glimpse of the GOP leadership 's ongoing gut check . The message : We may have lost the presidential battle but we can still win the war of principles . "  First , the Republican Party needs to be a conservative party with no apologies , " Al Cardenas , chairman of the American Conservative Union , said on Thursday to audience applause at the Conservative Political Action Conference . CPAC is an annual event which also serves as a way to check the pulse of the political right . This year 's conference is being held along the banks of the Potomac River just outside Washington in Maryland . It is the same type of message House Budget Committee chairman and 2012 GOP vice presidential nominee Rep. Paul Ryan echoed earlier in the week . "  The election did n't go our way , " said the Wisconsin Republican , who is slated to make an appearance at the conference this week . "  Believe me , I know what that feels like . That means we surrender our principles ? That means we stop believing in what we believe in ? " For the most conservative wing of the party 's faithful , the answer is a resounding "  no . " Such emotions are a deep undercurrent in the GOP 's search for identity . That soul-searching is unfolding as party leadership braces itself for the next round of contentious budget battles and takes tentative steps toward working with a president whose very name is still a rallying cry for many in the base . Major conservative conference comes at crucial time for GOP Agenda topics include "  Reversing Obamacare and Reaching Minority Voters : The Language That Works " and "  Has Atlas Shrugged ? Business in Obama 's America . " Flying in the face of the old-time religion fervor , Republicans face the task of wading through internal divisions as they await the Republican National Committee 's expected release of a post-mortem "  Growth and Opportunity " report that dissects why the party lost the 2012 presidential election . The autopsy is expected to highlight issues like beefing up RNC technology , voting by mail , fundraising and other campaign mechanics , as well as outreach to specific demographic groups in hopes of identifying more effective ways to attract minority and younger voters . The report will deal with things that can be fixed , some Republican strategists say . The core message , they say , is solid . It just needs better packaging . In this , some party faithful see Ryan and his budget as an indication that the party is on the right path . Ryan 's budget shows "  the Republican Party is sticking to its principles of fiscal responsibility , " said Ron Bonjean , a veteran GOP strategist for several congressional leaders and partner at the communications firm Singer Bonjean Strategies . The lessons the overall party "  learned were more about the presidential candidate " and less about the broader party , he said . White House charm offensive does not extend to Ryan budget White House officials , speaking on condition of anonymity , essentially accused Ryan of misreading last November 's election in releasing a spending plan on Tuesday that seeks to unravel much of the Obama domestic agenda . Ryan said repealing the president 's health care law is critical to efforts to balance the budget . "  We will never be able to balance the budget if you keep ` Obamacare ' going because ` Obamacare ' is a fiscal train wreck , " Ryan said on Tuesday . Ryan 's budget and a Democratic plan by Senate Budget Committee Chairman Patty Murray of Washington , which will likely include a tax increase for the wealthy and business and some spending cuts , are seen as partisan efforts unlikely to win congressional approval . And that 's the problem , some Republicans say . Conservative positions â $ " like those championed by Ryan on issues like trimming entitlement spending as a way of cutting the deficit -- are lost in messaging that reminds voters too much of a failed presidential platform . "  They should have learned from the 2012 elections , and stand by the issue that the debt is the main problem . But the language has to be different , " said Maricruz Magowan , an economist and conservative political commentator . "  The Republican Party has problems in communication on a number of levels . The way he is communicating in a ` take it or leave it ' way is not going to resonate with the American people , " Magowan said . But the Republican Party needs more than a message makeover , political experts say . It needs a major overhaul . "  Now we know the messaging was bad . And we are getting to the second stage : the recalibration , " CNN chief political analyst Gloria Borger wrote recently . " ` Think of it as a reappraisal , ' one senior GOP strategist told me . I prefer to think of it as a matter of survival . " CNN 's Jim Acosta and Paul Steinhauser contributed to this report .	Conservative Republicans revisiting core policies in search to redefine message GOP struggles to clarify its direction during the Conservative Political Action Conference Some political experts feel party needs major overhaul
CNN  -- Eight-year-old Sandra Cantu came home from school , kissed her mother , and left to color and play with a friend who lived a couple of houses down . Sandra Cantu , 8 , disappeared on Friday , according to police in Tracy , California . That was at 3 p.m. Friday . By Tuesday -- despite an intense search by hundreds of search-and-rescue personnel and volunteers over three days -- the little girl in the pink Hello Kitty T-shirt and black leggings had yet to be found . The mysterious disappearance of Sandra from the Orchard Estates Mobile Home Park in Tracy , California -- about 60 miles east of San Francisco -- has baffled law enforcement officials . A dozen different agencies are looking for her . Watch Nancy Grace on the case " "  The entire weekend was filled with just a massive search effort -- a manhunt involving multiple freeways , agents checking cars , volunteers going door-to-door , " said Sebastian Kunz , a reporter with KNEW-AM radio in San Francisco , who is covering the case . "  A lot of people are pulling for this little girl . " On Monday night , Tracy police and FBI agents searched six locations , some in the mobile home park and some in Tracy , and all of them connected to two men . Authorities did not call the men suspects , and did not name them publicly . They said both live in the mobile home park but did not say how or if they are related to Sandra . "  We 're looking for evidence that will lead to the discovery of Sandra 's whereabouts , " Tracy Police Sgt. Tony Sheneman told reporters Monday night . "  We operate on the assumption she is alive and well . " Sandra came home from school about 3 p.m. Friday . She asked to go play with a friend who lived a few houses down in the same mobile home park . "  I told her it was OK , " Sandra 's mother , Maria Chavez , told CNN 's Nancy Grace , dabbing tears . "  And that was the last time I saw her . " Surveillance camera footage recorded the girl playing in the park . But her parents reported her missing about 8 p.m. Friday , when she was supposed to be visiting a second friend . "  We just know that she had gone to the first house , and played for just a very short time . And then she was on her way to another friend 's house , " said Lisa Encarnacion , the spokeswoman for Sandra 's family . "  And we do n't know , we ca n't confirm that she was there or she was not . " The mobile home park has less than 100 units . There are about 80 registered sex offenders living in a five-mile radius around it . The family has not looked at the list of offenders to see if they may know any of them , Encarnacion told Nancy Grace . And so the search continues . A reward fund set up for information leading to Sandra 's return grew to $ 7,000 Monday . More than 150 tips poured in , police said . But , at least for now , none has yielded information on the 4-foot-tall , brown-haired , brown-eyed girl .	Tracy , California , police , FBI , volunteers search for girl missing since Friday Some search sites are linked to two men who have not been named as suspects Sandra Cantu played with one friend on Friday , left for a second friend 's house It 's not clear whether she ever got to the second house , distraught family says
CNN  -- Picture this scene : You 're just digging into your restaurant meal , the wine is flowing and the ambiance is perfect -- and then , bam ! Your dining companion swats away your hand , scolding you for touching the appetizer before she could take a photo . Sound familiar ? The trend of photographing one 's food , brought about in large part by apps like Instagram , can seem obnoxious on many levels . But Mark Hill , director of photography at Turner Broadcasting Systems Inc. , says it 's all about preserving memories . "  Meals are special times for people ... the picture of the food is a representation of that moment , " he said . "  Food is very fleeting in our lives . It 's on our plate and 20 minutes later it 's gone and we have an empty dish . " Those meals become even more special when they are being enjoyed while traveling . Looking back on a photo of a meal eaten overseas can conjure up the sights , sounds , scents and tastes of the trip . This spring , chef and author Anthony Bourdain will take his adventure-seeking appetite -- and CNN viewers -- along on a journey of cultures and cuisine from around the world on his new show , "  Parts Unknown . " Bourdain 's tasty excursions may not be something we can all do for a living , but from the coastal piers of New Jersey to the mountainous terrains of Northern Africa , you 've experienced amazing off-the-beaten-track meals , too . Here are some of your favorite food photos and the stories behind them . Getting the local fixings It was early January of this year when Caroline Cheung and her fiance decided to escape the grind of their Torrance , California , lives and head down to the Galapagos . While traveling through Tortuga Beach , they were greeted with sunshine , warm waters and the faint sound of salsa music playing in the background . The music caught Cheung 's attention , but it was the incredible aroma of food that drew her closer . "  We watched three ladies prepare and cook fresh fish in a makeshift kitchen with a portable stove and mini-fridge , " she said . "  It was not really a restaurant , but more like an outdoor public space by the pier with a few plastic tables and chairs , and many local people standing by , waiting for their turn to have a seat , " she said . Intrigued , she decided to stand in line , where she learned the place offered one dish . "  It was a whole fish that was previously marinated , then dipped in a batter and deep-fried to crispy perfection , " she said . "  It was served with pickled , spicy onions , fried plantains and rice . " To her surprise , she says the fish , served on a simple Styrofoam plate , was one of the best dishes she tried during her trip . "  It was such a simple dish , served without fanfare , yet a real delight . " Eating with the city A low-key dinner can sometimes be the most appetizing ; at least Gary Ashley thinks so . After days of hiking through the Grand Atlas Mountains , Ashley and his travel partner , John , decided to take a much-needed rest at their riad in Marrakech , Morocco . A riad is akin to a Western-style bed and breakfast . They could have gone to an upscale restaurant to celebrate their trip and John 's birthday , but instead they decided to dine on the rooftop of their riad , which overlooks the city . They ordered the Marrakech chicken , which is widely served across the country . The dish consists of chicken slow-cooked as a stew in a tagine -- a traditional Moroccan cooking vessel -- and flavored with whole green olives , preserved lemons and Moroccan spices . It was served on a fluffy bed of couscous . "  It was exceptionally tender and moist and flaked from the bone . The spices were quintessentially Moroccan , and the preserved lemon is something not commonly used here in the West , " he said . But it was n't just the dish that he says was the best part of the meal . It was the ambiance of their dinner as well . "  The Riad Siwan had a beautiful rooftop dining area from which we could see most of the city , " he said . "  The sun was setting and evening calls to prayer were coming from the minarets of the nearby mosques . It was John 's birthday and the food , the atmosphere were perfect . Photographs were in order . " Crossing state lines for a tasty getaway For Pennsylvania resident Cherie Capostagno , there are no mountains to cross to find a delicious dish . In fact , her favorite food is just across state lines . The drive to Belmar , New Jersey , always brings feelings of nostalgia and hunger for her and her husband , Vince . They slip away from home -- and work -- to escape the occasional stresses that build up from their jobs . A few times a year , they make their way to the New Jersey coast to visit their favorite restaurant , Klein 's , which she says is known for its delicious lobster dishes . But besides the tender lobster meat steaming fresh out of the shell , she says the seafood joint is simply inviting . "  The restaurant has a fish market in the front and you can watch the guys shuck fresh oysters or you can buy fish at the market if you 'd like , " she said . If the market is n't your ideal setting , you can walk onto the restaurant 's deck , overlooking Shark River Inlet . "  We like to sit on the deck and watch the gates open to let the boats go through or watch people paddle-board by , " she said . But it 's the little gems that bring delight to their meals , like seeing swans , like Sammy , swim up to the restaurant . "  Sammy the swan adopted the place as his home and the staff goes down to the dock to play with him , " she said . "  He swims right up to the tables and at first you are n't sure , but then you realize that Sammy is a regular . " Finding a homemade meal in a new place Whether it 's trekking through the mainland of China or swimming in the waters of Tonga , traveling is a way of life for Natalie Montanaro , who works for the Peace Corps Reserve . So that means she is always trying new dishes . But the South Carolinian said her favorite dish is nothing luxurious . Instead , it 's a fresh fish salad called ` Ota ` ika . ` Ota ` ika is a Polynesian dish made with raw fish that is marinated in lemon juice for several hours before it is smothered in a rich coconut milk and mixed with an array of veggies . Montanaro heard people raving about it while she worked as a teacher in Tongatapu , Tonga . "  At first I was skeptical since I 'd never eaten any raw fish other than in sushi , " she said . "  But the seafood here is top rate and it 's so fresh you almost want to eat it right out of the water . " The tropical climate and fresh fish was enough of a reason for her to muster up her courage and give the Polynesian dish a try . "  I was completely won over by the lovely taste and texture , " she said . She adored the dish so much she even learned how to make it . "  But it will never be the same without the local fish and coconuts along with the Tongan company and atmosphere , of course . "	Anthony Bourdain 's new CNN show "  Parts Unknown " inspires others to share dishes from their travels iReporters show how to fill your plate with tasty food finds from all four corners of the world Some of the best travel dishes featured come from destinations like Vietnam , Peru and Ukraine Expert says people photograph their food as a keepsake , especially when traveling
Farnborough , England  CNN  -- Every second year , the small town of Farnborough in South East England plays host to the biggest names of the aviation world . Exhibitors and vistors mingle with the latest technology to hit the skies . While the economy remains bleak , a smaller number of orders from plane constructors like Airbus and Boeing than previous years is expected . But huge advances have been made in aerospace technology with Virgin Galactic  showing the SpaceShipTwo for the first time in Europe  and SpaceX looking to steal the show from other exhibitors . Not to be outdone , plane manufacturer Boeing returned to Farnborough with its first aerial display in 28 years staging a rare UK flypast of its new 787 Dreamliner . The Qatar Airlines-liveried Dreamliner roared into the skies over the Farnborough Airshow for an aerial demonstration lasting a brief seven minutes , before touching back down on the tarmac . The Qatar Airways version of the 787 will soon be entering service on Middle Eastern routes before operating on a Doha-London service -- although the schedule has yet to be confirmed . Read more : A step forward on Dreamliner flight The Qatar aircraft features a total of 254 seats . Passengers using the 22 business class seats will be able to recline into a fully-flat , 32-inch wide bed . "  The first of our 60 Boeing 787s on order will set new standards in service and excellence as we continue to grow aggressively , bringing a heightened level of luxury and state-of-the-art engineering to the skies with these new-generation aircraft , " Qatar Airlines CEO Akbar Al Baker said in a statement .	Farnborough airshow is one of the biggest aviation industry gatherings Multi-million dollar deals are made for aviation 's top names like Airbus , Boeing and Embrarer CNN brings you pictures of all the goings on at this spectacular flying festival
London  CNN  -- As English has cemented its position as the default language of global business , Anglophone interest in foreign languages has steadily waned . "  We have taken a perverse pride in the fact that we do not speak foreign languages , and we just need to speak louder in English , " British education secretary Michael Gove lamented to a newspaper last week . His government hopes to reverse a decline in the number of British students sitting a language GCSE - a drop from 444,700 to 273,000 over 12 years - by teaching foreign languages from the age of five . But how much do measures like this stand to benefit English speakers , given the dominance of their language ? To an aspiring executive from an English speaking background , does it make sense to spend time acquiring another language when the world is learning yours ? Or would you be wiser investing that time in other areas of your career instead ? Stephan Chambers , director of the MBA degree at Oxford University 's SaÑ -- d Business School , said while speaking English was "  almost a precondition for success " for non-native speakers , a second language was not essential to English speakers . "  But if the question is : ` Is learning a second language an advantage , and is that advantage going to increase ? ' The answer 's got to be yes , " he said . "  Almost certainly , as the balance of economic power shifts , and as supply chains , sales and deals start happening outside of traditionally the most influential markets . " Which languages ? Jocelyn Wyburd , director of the University of Cambridge 's Language Centre , said the opportunities presented by emerging BRICS economies and Latin America were making their languages particularly attractive to businesses and students - especially as Europe and North America struggle . In particular , Mandarin  the world 's most spoken language  and Spanish  by varying accounts the second - or third-most spoken  are "  beginning to be more important for all of business . " Employees with a portfolio of languages were valued for their ability to build partnerships , and had an advantage in the job market for relationship-focused roles , from deal-making to supply chain development . "  But that 's a difficult message to get across , because of the perception that English is the global language , and therefore enough , " says Wyburd . She frequently sees multilingual Europeans edging out similarly qualified but monolingual Britons for jobs in the United Kingdom . Recent trends in the ever-expanding language tuition market reflect English 's strengthening position as the default language of international business . "  The key growing markets for language training are Brazil , China and Mexico , and people in these markets are learning English , " said Rita Pauls , director of global marketing for language tuition company Berlitz , which has roughly doubled its number of students to 300,000 in 70 countries over the past decade . During that time , English rose from 64 % to 72 % of their business , while German and French remained stable at 6.5 % each , and Spanish at 4 % . The only other language to have increased significantly was Mandarin , doubling to 2 % . While the Chinese economic success story has propelled interest in Mandarin in schools around the world , the language can appear forbidding - even impenetrable - for those who encounter it in adulthood . Not so , says Dr Eric Thun , lecturer in Chinese business studies at SaÑ -- d Business School , who picked up the language from scratch during 18 months of intensive immersion study in his mid-20s . "  Most people thought I was crazy , " he said , adding that devoting yourself exclusively to language acquisition was the only real way to make inroads . "  It 's hard to do as a side pursuit . " But while you might have to temporarily put your career on hold to pick up a language , the trade-off was likely to be worth it in the long run . A language could be an invaluable asset by allowing you to better understand your market and access broader sources of information , said Thun . Mandarin was now as imperative to business success in China as English was in the United States . And , as China had developed into "  a more normal labor market " , language skill was no longer a key to success in itself - a functional specialty was generally needed also . "  Fifteen years ago a foreigner going to China would have a fairly strong advantage just because there was n't a particularly deep talent pool , " he said . "  That 's completely different now . The bar is much higher . " Finally , though , it 's important to remember that attempting to pick up a language for business purposes alone may prove a shortsighted approach . The usefulness of a language in a business sense would rise and fall with unpredictable shifts in the global economy , said Wyburd . "  When I was growing up it never occurred to us to learn Chinese . We were focusing on the languages of Europe , because Europe was our reality . During anybody 's lifetime those contexts will change . " Beyond its business applications , however , language acquisition would always have a deeper benefit in enabling the learner to grasp another worldview , and become a more effective communicator in any tongue . "  The more respectful you are of the subtleties of language , the more effective you are as a negotiator or as a manager , " said Chambers . "  And the more likely you are to be able to take people with you in your projects . "	English is cementing its position as the language of business A second language , however , will assist in furthering your career Putting your career on hold to learn a language is likely to pay off in the long run
CNN  -- The next time your child refuses to make his or her bed , do n't despair . You may have an artist on your hands . A 16-year-old unmade bed , turned into an art installation , sold for $ 4,351,969 dollars at a Christie 's art auction in London on Tuesday , according to Christie 's . Artist Tracey Emin calls it "  My Bed , " because it was the bed where she spent four days in 1998 "  heartbroken and feeling terrible " she tells CNN . Once Emin got out of the bed she recalls looking at the mess left behind and decided to make it art . "  Suddenly I had this vision of taking it out of the bedroom space and putting it into a white gallery space , " she said . "  It suddenly made sense , " she said . "  Wow this is fantastic artwork . " A year later , in 1999 , "  My Bed " was shortlisted for the Turner Prize . It 's not just the messy linens and blankets that bring the art installation to life . The objects surrounding it tell the story of a broken heart . There 's the ashtray overflowing with cigarettes , empty liquor bottles , dirty panties , bits of food , contraceptives and what appears to be a 16-year-old condom . "  It 's like a piece of history , a time capsule , " Emin said . Art lovers agreed , and her unconventional sculpture sold for more than $ 1.7 million over the expected auction price , which was set between $ 1.3 million to $ 2 million . Christie 's wo n't comment on who bought "  My Bed . " CNN 's James Frater and Max Foster contributed to this story .	A 16-year-old unmade bed sells for over $ 4 million at auction The artist , Tracey Emin , spent four days in the bed "  heartbroken " "  It 's like a piece of history , a time capsule , " Emin says No official word yet on who bought the unmade bed
CNN  -- Civil rights groups filed a complaint this week against a federal judge in Houston after she allegedly said during a lecture that some minorities are prone to violence . Judge Edith Jones , who serves on the 5th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals and was a Bush-era Supreme Court frontrunner , allegedly made the comment while speaking on the death penalty to The Federalist Society at the University of Pennsylvania in February . The Federalist Society describes itself on its website as "  a group of conservatives and libertarians interested in the current state of legal order . " In her remarks , Jones also is alleged to have said race plays no role in the administration of the death penalty , but certain ethnic groups commit certain types of crimes more often than others . Civil rights groups , including the J.L. Turner Legal Association , say Jones ' comments reveal a strong ethnic bias . They are pushing for an investigation that could lead to her removal from the bench . The J.L. Turner Legal Association is an African-American bar association in Dallas . Its president , Mandy Price , told CNN that some attendees were shocked at what they heard and later complained . "  The reaction in the room when she made these remarks was one of shock , surprise , and offense , " according to one account that the legal association collected from some of the attendees . The Federalist Society itself , however , called the allegations "  frivolous accusations . " ACLU : Blacks busted for marijuana at much higher rates than whites According to the some of the accounts in the complaint , the judge said , "  Racial groups like African - Americans and Hispanics are predisposed to crime . " They are " ` prone to commit acts of violence , " she said , according to the complaint . When challenges to her comments arose , she allegedly countered them by saying that "  blacks and Hispanics " outnumber "  Anglos " on death row . Price says such comments reveal strong predispositions sitting judges should not harbor . "  We expect that they 're going to be fair , impartial , not that they have predetermined their case , " she said . A representative from the court , which is headquartered in New Orleans , declined to comment to CNN , and said Jones also is "  not making any comment regarding the matter . " Jones was on President George W. Bush 's short list for the U.S. Supreme Court in 2005 , though legal observers remarked at the time that her reputation has a staunch conservative -- firmly upholding the death penalty and vocally critical of the Roe v. Wade decision , among other issues -- hurt her odds . "  The decision for which Judge Jones is really best known is her opinion saying , ` While I 'm a lower court judge , I will apply Roe v. Wade , but I think it was wrongly decided and should be overruled , ' " Supreme Court expert Tom Goldstein told CNN . "  That really typifies her role as a lower court judge but signals what she would do if she became a Supreme Court justice . " Read more identity news on CNN 's In America blog	Civil rights group : Judge said certain races are prone to crime and violence Judge Edith Jones sits on the 5th Circuit Appeals Court In a lecture , she allegedly said race did not influence the application of the death penalty Years ago , Jones was made Bush 's short list for Supreme Court contenders
CNN  -- A chorus of whoops and cheers greeted Steven Bridges and Michael Snell as they exited City Hall in Portland , Maine , early Saturday as the first same-sex couple to wed under a new law . Supporters of the law allowing same-sex marriage -- passed by a referendum in November -- jumped up and down , flashed their cameras and sang the Beatles ' "  All You Need Is Love . " "  It 's very surreal still , " Snell said . The couple did not know they would be the first to take advantage of the new law . "  We finally feel equal , and happy to live in Maine , " Bridges said . Same-sex marriage rights have been denied in many states in the past , but last month , voters in Maine , Washington and Maryland decided to change that . The Maine measure states that men and women , "  relating to the marital relationship or familial relationships must be construed to be gender-neutral for all purposes . " The measure also mentions the right of clergy to refuse to wed gay and lesbian couples if it goes against their religious convictions . The governments of Maine and Maryland had passed laws permitting same-sex marriage , but activists opposed to the laws collected enough signatures to put them on November 's ballot . In 2009 , a similar referendum in Maine failed when voters rejected the governor 's decision to allow same-sex marriage . This year 's results represent a remarkable turnaround . A similar scene of jubilation took place in Seattle this month , when same-sex couples were able to exchange vows for the first time . Newly married same-sex couples in these three states have expressed hope that the U.S. Supreme Court will issue rulings favorable to their marriages . This month , the justices said they would hear two constitutional challenges to state and federal laws dealing with the recognition of gay and lesbian couples to legally wed. . Oral arguments will probably be held in March , with a ruling by late June . One appeal to be heard involves the federal Defense of Marriage Act , or DOMA , which denies federal benefits to same-sex couples legally married in their own states . The second is a challenge to California 's Proposition 8 , a voter-approved measure that took away a right of same-sex marriage that had been approved by the state 's courts . CNN 's Ben Brumfield and Phil Gast contributed to this report .	Maine voters approved same-sex marriage in November The first couples were able to wed Saturday A large crowd cheered the first couple
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Demand for the world 's largest , most expensive yachts is on the rise ahead of the Monaco Yacht Show this week . Ships moored at the Moncao Yacht Show . "  We 've gotten the strongest forward order book that we 've ever had . It 's the best outlook we 've ever had since we 've started the company , " said Toby Allies , Sales and Marketing Director for Pendennis , a leading British manufacturer and re-fitter of superyachts . Amid the global recession , the worldwide market for luxury goods has plummeted over the last year , expected to shrink 10 percent for 2009 according to global business consultants Bain & Company . A few sectors , though , have shown surprising strength and even growth amid the downturn , including British-made superyachts . The British market for superyachts grew more than 15 percent during the fiscal year ending June 1 , 2009 , according to a new survey . Overall revenue increased to a record $ 663 million  # 410 million  and jobs across the industry increased five percent , according to Superyacht UK , the trade group who conducted the survey . Since last September , yacht sales tanked in many parts of the world , particularly as cash dried up among clients from Russia and the Middle East . "  It was a difficult year , many manufacturers had to cut down on production numbers and give larger discounts , " said Georges Tchoumak , Head of Sales and Marketing for Numarine , a manufacturer of superyachts based in Turkey . In France three of the four publicly-traded yacht companies who make yachts that cost more than $ 40 million took advantage of the country 's bankruptcy laws to stave off collapse , including Rodriguez Group , the company who built Bernard Madoff 's yacht "  Bull . " Though affected by the recession , the UK industry managed to buck that trend , buoyed by a decline in the pound . "  In the last quarter of 2008 through the end of first quarter 2009 there was virtually zero activity in the large yacht sector , " said Tim Wiltshire , Director of Burgess Yachts , a UK-based high-end boat manufacturer . Wiltshire said that at their worst , transactions were down 60 percent compared with the previous year , but that volume had recently returned , particularly in brokerage sales of used yachts . Heading into Monaco , manufacturers around the world including the UK now appear poised for a robust rebound . "  There have been a dozen significant sales in the past quarter ... enough of our customers think it 's unlikely to get much worse . " But whiles sales have picked up , Wiltshire predicted it could take years for sale prices to reach the premiums of only a few years ago : "  Since early summer -LSB- business -RSB- has picked up significantly ... We are back on par with 2007 , albeit at reduced values , " he said . Manufacturers across the UK share Wiltshire 's optimism , according to the survey . Ninety-five percent of UK companies questioned rated their prospects for the year ahead either "  good or excellent "  56 percent  or "  OK "  39 percent  . At Numarine "  things are looking better for the last three months , " Tchomak told CNN . "  We 've had more sales in the past three months than in the previous 12 months , " he wrote in an email . At Pendennis , directors have changed their business strategy to accommodate the anticipated growth . "  We 've increased our investment in infrastructure for large yachts , " said Ailes . "  Improving facilities and looking to recruit more people to work on boats up to 70 or 80 meters . " One of the reasons cited for the strength in Britain 's superyacht business compared with manufacturers in other European countries has been the declining value of Sterling against the Euro . Hugo Andreae , Editor-in-Chief of Superyachtworld magazine said that the exchange rate helped , but the high quality of British boats and sustained demand among the world 's wealthiest had helped hold up sales . Andreae also explained that one of the effects of the recession has been to shift demand from new builds to the used boat brokerage and chartering markets . "  There are signs that things are picking up ... Monaco is the premiere big yacht show and it 's the real acid test of whether -LSB- the rebound -RSB- is the odd sale being picked up at a good price , or if the market has reignited properly , " explained Tom Chant , International Commercial Manager for Superyacht UK . If interest in the Monaco Yacht Show is any indicator , then sales can be expected to meet bullish expectations . The annual end-of-summer yachting industry and yacht owners ' conference is fully booked this week . The number of double-decker pavilions has doubled since last year , but in spite of the event 's increased provision of these more expensive , higher visibility exhibition spaces supply still fell short of demand . In the United States yacht manufacturers also say they 've seen a recent surge in interest in new construction of yachts over 150 feet . "  Over the last 45 days , all of a sudden , the inquires have started coming along really strong . That bodes well for the Monaco Yacht Show , " said William Smith , V.P. of Sales and Marketing for Trinity Yachts . "  It 's fair to say sales came to a shuddering halt after the Monaco show last year . " In another sign that interest in the top-end of the yacht market is back , Luxury retailer Hermes recently announced plans to team up with Wally , the Monaco superyacht company , to build a $ 145 million  $ 100 million  yacht . Sales to Russia , the Middle East and other developing countries have rebounded more quickly than sales to Europe and the U.S. , according to Smith , as uncertainty about the markets has subsided and boosted consumer confidence . In the past six months , Trinity had only had one inquiry from an American , which came in the last few weeks . Trinity , the largest U.S. retailer of megayachts , has had two projects out of 17 builds stall due to the recession , both about 164 feet long . Smith said the owners can either come back and pay for them to finish the work or let Trinity sell them . Throughout the downturn Trinity was able to continue to deliver ships at a record pace , thanks to a hearty backlog of orders placed during the markets peaks .	The British market for superyachts grew more than 15 percent last year After a year of steep declines , sales for new yacht constructions are picking up The Monaco Yacht Show is fully-booked this week , showing renewed interest Hermes teams up with Wally to build $ 145 million ultra luxury yacht
JALOZAI REFUGEE CAMP , Pakistan  CNN  -- It 's an exodus on an almost biblical scale . And it has produced a mosaic of plastic and canvas that is now home to more than 93,000 people -- with more arriving each day . These children are among the thousands of refugees this month at the Jalozai camp in western Pakistan . This is Jalozai refugee camp near Peshawar , suddenly almost a city in its own right as thousands flee the violence raging between the Pakistani army and Taliban fighters . The United Nations estimates that it 's the biggest movement of people in Pakistan since the country was formed in 1947 . Officials say up to 1.8 million people have been forced from their homes . Food is available at this camp -- fruit traders work their way through the avenues of tents . But people here ca n't afford to buy much . They make bread with flour handed out by the United Nations , but they say it 's not enough . "  It 's very difficult , there 's lots of jostling , " says Mehboob Shah , a man at the camp . When there is food , he says , "  it 's very poor quality -- even the cows wo n't eat it . " Sar Bari Khan arrived 15 days ago with his wife and three children . He says his family walked almost 62 miles to escape the fighting . They had to leave his father behind . Watch a report on the plight of refugees " There are eight field hospitals in this camp . On a recent morning , 380 new patients registered for treatment -- most of them women and children , suffering from diarrhea and heat stroke . Some have signs of mental trauma . "  They are complaining of fear , phobias , palpitations and all symptoms seem to have started since they arrive in this camp , " said Abid Farooqi , with the Pakistan Institute of Medical Sciences . Pakistani Interior Minister Rehman Malik underlined the seriousness of the situation . "  I feel that this is even worse than the earthquake in Kashmir , " he said , referring to the 2005 disaster . He noted that most of the people are from an area with relatively cold weather , and are unprepared for the heat here . Officials , he said , "  are making all possible arrangements " to help . Water tankers provide a lifeline in the stifling heat . And on the edge of the camp , workers are clearing the ground for more tents . There is no sign of this influx ending any time soon .	Thousands flee south to escape conflict between military and Taliban Jalozai refugee camp near Peshawar suddenly almost a city in its own right The U.N. says it 's the biggest movement of people since Pakistan formed in 1947 Food is "  very poor quality -- even the cows wo n't eat it , " says man at camp
JOHANNESBURG , South Africa  CNN  -- The SEACOM cable being promoted as a computer lifeline for Africa will contribute to social upliftment but not immediately , a telecommunications analyst says . Seacom cable in the Red Sea James Hodge , who specializes in competition and regulation , says initially SEACOM will predominantly benefit those already connected . Hodge said it will not initially change the lives of those poor people , sitting in the rural areas without lights or electricity . He added that because of the competitive climate surrounding SEACOM , it will lead to cheaper connectivity , making the Internet more affordable for more people . And that will contribute to social upliftment in the long-term , Hodge says . SEACOM plans to provide African customers with access to inexpensive bandwidth via 15,000 kilometers of undersea fiber-optic cables . SEACOM is the first cable supplying east Africa , which until now has been reliant on satellite connections . Hodge pointed out people in South Africa have already benefited . Service providers have reacted to the imminent arrival of the SEACOM cable by adjusting their prices , and more cuts are seen , as the local providers respond to the increased competition , he said . SEACOM is owned by a lot of divergent companies , all competing amongst each other . Strong competition within the cable itself should drive prices down and avoid any price collusion among the various providers , Hodge said . He added that would please the cynical South African consumer and help liberalize South Africa 's communications industry , long seen as lagging behind everyone else in connectivity due to lack of competition . CNN Diane McCarthy contributed to the report	Analyst says SEACOM cable will help social causes in Africa in the long-term James Hodge says it will help force down Internet connection costs SEACOM is cable supplying Africa with inexpensive bandwidth via undersea cables
Over the last year , I have been working on a new documentary called "  Weed . " The title "  Weed " may sound cavalier , but the content is not . I traveled around the world to interview medical leaders , experts , growers and patients . I spoke candidly to them , asking tough questions . What I found was stunning . Long before I began this project , I had steadily reviewed the scientific literature on medical marijuana from the United States and thought it was fairly unimpressive . Reading these papers five years ago , it was hard to make a case for medicinal marijuana . I even wrote about this in a TIME magazine article , back in 2009 , titled "  Why I would Vote No on Pot . " Well , I am here to apologize . I apologize because I did n't look hard enough , until now . I did n't look far enough . I did n't review papers from smaller labs in other countries doing some remarkable research , and I was too dismissive of the loud chorus of legitimate patients whose symptoms improved on cannabis . Instead , I lumped them with the high-visibility malingerers , just looking to get high . I mistakenly believed the Drug Enforcement Agency listed marijuana as a schedule 1 substance because of sound scientific proof . Surely , they must have quality reasoning as to why marijuana is in the category of the most dangerous drugs that have "  no accepted medicinal use and a high potential for abuse . " They did n't have the science to support that claim , and I now know that when it comes to marijuana neither of those things are true . It does n't have a high potential for abuse , and there are very legitimate medical applications . In fact , sometimes marijuana is the only thing that works . Take the case of Charlotte Figi , who I met in Colorado . She started having seizures soon after birth . By age 3 , she was having 300 a week , despite being on seven different medications . Medical marijuana has calmed her brain , limiting her seizures to 2 or 3 per month . I have seen more patients like Charlotte first hand , spent time with them and come to the realization that it is irresponsible not to provide the best care we can as a medical community , care that could involve marijuana . We have been terribly and systematically misled for nearly 70 years in the United States , and I apologize for my own role in that . I hope this article and upcoming documentary will help set the record straight . On August 14 , 1970 , the Assistant Secretary of Health , Dr. Roger O. Egeberg wrote a letter recommending the plant , marijuana , be classified as a schedule 1 substance , and it has remained that way for nearly 45 years . My research started with a careful reading of that decades old letter . What I found was unsettling . Egeberg had carefully chosen his words : "  Since there is still a considerable void in our knowledge of the plant and effects of the active drug contained in it , our recommendation is that marijuana be retained within schedule 1 at least until the completion of certain studies now underway to resolve the issue . " Not because of sound science , but because of its absence , marijuana was classified as a schedule 1 substance . Again , the year was 1970 . Egeberg mentions studies that are underway , but many were never completed . As my investigation continued , however , I realized Egeberg did in fact have important research already available to him , some of it from more than 25 years earlier . High risk of abuse In 1944 , New York Mayor Fiorello LaGuardia commissioned research to be performed by the New York Academy of Science . Among their conclusions : they found marijuana did not lead to significant addiction in the medical sense of the word . They also did not find any evidence marijuana led to morphine , heroin or cocaine addiction . We now know that while estimates vary , marijuana leads to dependence in around 9 to 10 % of its adult users . By comparison , cocaine , a schedule 2 substance "  with less abuse potential than schedule 1 drugs " hooks 20 % of those who use it . Around 25 % of heroin users become addicted . The worst is tobacco , where the number is closer to 30 % of smokers , many of whom go on to die because of their addiction . There is clear evidence that in some people marijuana use can lead to withdrawal symptoms , including insomnia , anxiety and nausea . Even considering this , it is hard to make a case that it has a high potential for abuse . The physical symptoms of marijuana addiction are nothing like those of the other drugs I 've mentioned . I have seen the withdrawal from alcohol , and it can be life threatening . I do want to mention a concern that I think about as a father . Young , developing brains are likely more susceptible to harm from marijuana than adult brains . Some recent studies suggest that regular use in teenage years leads to a permanent decrease in IQ . Other research hints at a possible heightened risk of developing psychosis . Much in the same way I would n't let my own children drink alcohol , I would n't permit marijuana until they are adults . If they are adamant about trying marijuana , I will urge them to wait until they 're in their mid-20s when their brains are fully developed . Medical benefit While investigating , I realized something else quite important . Medical marijuana is not new , and the medical community has been writing about it for a long time . There were in fact hundreds of journal articles , mostly documenting the benefits . Most of those papers , however , were written between the years 1840 and 1930 . The papers described the use of medical marijuana to treat "  neuralgia , convulsive disorders , emaciation , " among other things . A search through the U.S. National Library of Medicine this past year pulled up nearly 2,000 more recent papers . But the majority were research into the harm of marijuana , such as "  Bad trip due to anticholinergic effect of cannabis , " or "  Cannabis induced pancreatitits " and "  Marijuana use and risk of lung cancer . " In my quick running of the numbers , I calculated about 6 % of the current U.S. marijuana studies investigate the benefits of medical marijuana . The rest are designed to investigate harm . That imbalance paints a highly distorted picture . The challenges of marijuana research To do studies on marijuana in the United States today , you need two important things . First of all , you need marijuana . And marijuana is illegal . You see the problem . Scientists can get research marijuana from a special farm in Mississippi , which is astonishingly located in the middle of the Ole Miss campus , but it is challenging . When I visited this year , there was no marijuana being grown . The second thing you need is approval , and the scientists I interviewed kept reminding me how tedious that can be . While a cancer study may first be evaluated by the National Cancer Institute , or a pain study may go through the National Institute for Neurological Disorders , there is one more approval required for marijuana : NIDA , the National Institute on Drug Abuse . It is an organization that has a core mission of studying drug abuse , as opposed to benefit . Stuck in the middle are the legitimate patients who depend on marijuana as a medicine , oftentimes as their only good option . Keep in mind that up until 1943 , marijuana was part of the United States drug pharmacopeia . One of the conditions for which it was prescribed was neuropathic pain . It is a miserable pain that 's tough to treat . My own patients have described it as "  lancinating , burning and a barrage of pins and needles . " While marijuana has long been documented to be effective for this awful pain , the most common medications prescribed today come from the poppy plant , including morphine , oxycodone and dilaudid . Here is the problem . Most of these medications do n't work very well for this kind of pain , and tolerance is a real problem . Most frightening to me is that someone dies in the United States every 19 minutes from a prescription drug overdose , mostly accidental . Every 19 minutes . It is a horrifying statistic . As much as I searched , I could not find a documented case of death from marijuana overdose . It is perhaps no surprise then that 76 % of physicians recently surveyed said they would approve the use of marijuana to help ease a woman 's pain from breast cancer . When marijuana became a schedule 1 substance , there was a request to fill a "  void in our knowledge . " In the United States , that has been challenging because of the infrastructure surrounding the study of an illegal substance , with a drug abuse organization at the heart of the approval process . And yet , despite the hurdles , we have made considerable progress that continues today . Looking forward , I am especially intrigued by studies like those in Spain and Israel looking at the anti-cancer effects of marijuana and its components . I 'm intrigued by the neuro-protective study by Raphael Meschoulam in Israel , and research in Israel and the United States on whether the drug might help alleviate symptoms of PTSD . I promise to do my part to help , genuinely and honestly , fill the remaining void in our knowledge . Citizens in 20 states and the District of Columbia have now voted to approve marijuana for medical applications , and more states will be making that choice soon . As for Dr. Roger Egeberg , who wrote that letter in 1970 , he passed away 16 years ago . I wonder what he would think if he were alive today .	Dr. Sanjay Gupta says we have been "  systematically misled " on marijuana DEA lists marijuana as a schedule 1 substance with "  high potential for abuse " Most recent research on marijuana has been on its negative effects , Gupta says Studies on marijuana require approval from National Institute on Drug Abuse
CNN  -- Poetry , performance and prayer celebrated the voice of literary giant Maya Angelou at a memorial service held Saturday at Wake Forest University in Winston-Salem , North Carolina . "  She taught us that we are each wonderfully made , intricately woven and put on this earth for a purpose , " first lady Michelle Obama said during her tribute to the celebrated poet and actress . Angelou , 86 , died at her Winston-Salem home on May 28 . Angelou had been "  frail " and suffering from heart problems , her literary agent said . Angelou taught American studies for years at Wake Forest . Obama did not meet Angelou until 2008 , while on the campaign trail , but she said Angelou 's poem ` Phenomenal Woman ' had a profound impact on her life . "  I was struck by how she celebrated black women 's beauty like no one had ever dared to , " Obama said in the service held at Wait Chapel . "  She also graced us with an anthem for all women , a call to all of us to embrace our God-given beauty . How desperately black girls needed that message , " the first lady said , remembering that as a young girl her first doll was a white Malibu Barbie . She said that Angelou reminded everyone that " We must each find our own voice , decide our own value and then announce it to the world with all the pride and joy that is our birthright as members of the human race . " ` Spiritual queen mother ' Oprah Winfrey remembered her friend as the greatest woman she has ever known . "  The loss I feel I can not describe , " Winfrey said , holding back tears . "  It 's like something I 've never felt before . She was my spiritual queen mother and everything that that word implies . She taught me the poetry of courage and respect . " Winfrey recalled meeting Angelou in the late 1970s , when she worked as a news reporter . "  She looked at me and said , ` Who are you girl ? ' " Winfrey said . "  I will miss her . " ` She had the voice of God ' "  I Loved Maya , " said former President Bill Clinton during his reflection . He said the two last met in April in Austin during a celebration of of the 50th anniversary of the Civil Rights Act . Clinton recalled that he hugged Angelou and said , " I can not believe that you have gotten yourself here . " He said she responded , "  Just because I 'm wheelchair-bound does n't mean I do n't get around . " Clinton became aware of Angelou while in college by reading her book . "  I Know Why the Caged Bird Sings , " her lasting contribution to literature that bore witness to the brutality of a Jim Crow South . He said Angelou was always paying attention and used her voice to call attention to the things that really mattered . "  God loaned her his voice . She had the voice of God and he decided he wanted it back from her , " Clinton told the audience . Music and more Actress Cicely Tyson reflected on a friendship that began in 1960 , when both were in a play called "  The Blacks , " which ran for three years . "  Every emotion known to man was exhibited by Maya . She held nothing  back  . She spoke her mind no matter what the situation , " Tyson remembered . The memorial service also featured singer Lee Ann Womack performing "  I Hope You Dance , " considered Angelou 's favorite song . At the conclusion of the service Saturday , Angelou 's voice once more was heard in a recording of the 1996 Ashford & Simpson song "  Been Found . " Maya Angelou remembered by those she inspired Legendary author Maya Angelou dies at age 86	Memorial service celebrates life and work of Maya Angelou Michelle Obama : "  She celebrated black women 's beauty like no one had ever dared to " Oprah Winfrey : "  The loss I feel I can not describe " Bill Clinton : "  God loaned her his voice "
CNN  Katherine Kuczynski was a cryptologic technician in the U.S. Navy . The post required obtaining and maintaining security clearance and performing tasks in support of national intelligence-gathering efforts , with an emphasis on cryptology , she told me . Her work earned her a Joint Service Achievement Medal for "  exceptionally meritorious achievement , " explained Kuczynski , of New Baltimore , Michigan . And yet the single mother of three children , now 12 , 11 and 9 , found herself unemployed numerous times during the past several years . Since leaving the military in 2003 , she has held jobs ranging from home improvement to store clerk to security guard . Kuczynski 's experience is , sadly , all too familiar to veterans , especially women who served . The unemployment rate for female veterans who have been discharged since September 11 , 2001 , was 9.3 % in 2013 , versus about 8 % for male vets , according to a report from the Disabled American Veterans . The difference in unemployment between female and male veterans is even more dramatic when you consider veterans of wars in Iraq and Afghanistan : For women , the rate was 11.2 % last month , 5 points higher than it was for men , according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics . 5 ways to honor veterans beyond Veteran 's Day "  Women veterans are still having a harder time finding jobs than their male counterparts , " first lady Michelle Obama said at a White House event Monday designed to put a spotlight on the issue . But why ? We do n't have a definitive answer , but here are some possible contributing factors . One-quarter of female service members are married to other service members , and military spousal unemployment rates are five times higher than those of other women in their peer group , according to Col. Steve Parker , executive director of Joining Forces , the joint initiative from Obama and Jill Biden to support military families . The transient nature of being a military spouse , sometimes moving every two or three years , makes it very difficult to get a new job . Female veterans also do n't "  all readily identify themselves as veterans , " Parker said . "  We 've got a number of preferential efforts going to hire veterans , but you have women veterans in some cases who are opting out of using that on their resume , " he added . Also , there are fewer health services in the Department of Veterans Affairs specifically designed for female veterans ; some question whether that impacts their ability to successfully transition from the military . For instance , a third of VA medical centers do n't have a gynecologist on staff . Almost one-third of VA clinics do n't have the staff to provide the necessary treatment to the one in five female veterans who say they experienced sexual trauma in the military , according to the report from the Disabled American Veterans . Currently , 14.5 % of the 1.4 million active military members are women . At an event Monday for Joining Forces , the first lady addressed an audience of female service members , including many who are still looking for work . "  The fact that any of you are worrying about where your next paycheck is going to come from or struggling to put food on the table -- that should be appalling to all of us as Americans , " Obama said . When they ca n't find jobs , the effects extend far beyond the veterans themselves . "  The average male veteran is single , but the average female veteran is a parent , if not a spouse . So you 've got a family dynamic that 's impacted negatively when they 're unemployed ... so this is one of our more vulnerable populations , " Parker said . "  If we want take care of veterans and families , we 've got to focus on female veterans . " 5 things you may not know about post-traumatic stress The first lady , who made the issue of female veterans ' unemployment the centerpiece of an interview with Redbook for its November issue , touted a number of new commitments from major companies . LinkedIn is helping veterans import their profiles onto the relatively new Veterans Employment Center website , which has more than a million job postings for positions in the public and private sectors . The company is also offering veterans a free one-year subscription to all of its premium job-seeker tools . Online educational platform Coursera is providing all veterans with one free verified certificate for select courses in high-demand fields ranging from data science to cybersecurity and health care . Some industries are also stepping up efforts to recruit female veterans directly , such as the sheet metal and air conditioning industry . Leah Rambo , director of training for the Local 28 Sheet Metal Apprenticeship Program , which covers New York and parts of Long Island , often makes sure a female veteran is on hand at military job fairs . "  The truth is , women do n't apply , and oftentimes , minorities do n't apply , because they simply do n't know it 's available  and  do n't know they can do it , and the easiest way to dispel that is just to put someone there that looks like you , " she said . During the most recent recruitment period in July , 7 % of the veterans who applied were women -- a number that has been steadily going up , Rambo said . Thank you for your service , vets ! Now try finding a job Kuczynski , the Navy veteran , got interested in the sheet metal trade when her grandfather introduced her to it as a kid . "  I remember him coming home from work and telling me that I could do anything a boy could do , if not better , and I really took that to heart , " she said . She decided to pursue a career in the industry and is currently a journeyman sheet metal worker , which involves assembling , installing and repairing sheet metal equipment products and structures . "  As a former military person , I thought this would be a great fit ... because the military grooms you to be a leader . Further , I thought it would be a great job to raise three children on my own . " She applauds efforts by the International Training Institute , the education arm of the sheet metal and air conditioning industry , to actively target female veterans . Said Rambo , "  There 's no reason why a person risked life and limb and then  does  not have a job afterward . To me , it 's kind of the least that you can do . " Why do you think unemployment is higher for female veterans than male vets ? Tell Kelly Wallace on Twitter or CNN Living on Facebook . CNN 's Courtney Battle contributed to this story .	Unemployment is higher among female veterans than male Michelle Obama : Veterans struggling to find jobs "  should be appalling to all of us " LinkedIn , Coursera are offering programs to help veterans find jobs
CNN  -- Some people believed that one of the most democratic ways out of the conflict between Russia and Ukraine was to let people of Crimea decide their fates for themselves through a referendum . But there were a few serious flaws with that "  democratic " approach . Sunday , March 16 , was a day many Ukrainians waited for with concern and dread . Originally , the referendum was planned for May 25 , then moved up to March 30 and then once again moved to March 16 . Prime Minister Sergey Aksyonov and Vladimir Konstantinov , speaker of Crimean Parliament , were eager to accomplish the task Russian President Vladimir Putin had given them . That task was to provide Russia with some kind of excuse for a military intervention that had in fact started on February 28 , when there were reports of Russian soldiers occupying the Crimean Peninsula . Long before the referendum took place , the international community expressed concerns about its legitimacy , and many people in Ukraine considered it illegal . This kind of referendum violates the Ukrainian Constitution , which specifies that it can be done only countrywide . And does this mean that Russia can invade any country where there is a Russian-speaking enclave ? Russia even owned Alaska once . Should they get that back , too ? Crimea 's vote : Was it legal ? To no surprise , Aksyonov reported that more than 80 % of people in Crimea voted in the referendum and 96 % voted for Crimea to join Russia . The results themselves did n't matter , as everybody knew they would be false . There are certainly some people who have been brainwashed by Russian TV channels  Ukrainian stations have been cut off in Crimea  and do believe in lies that in Russia Crimea will be given all kinds of advantages and privileges . But also consider that the vote took place under the guns of Russian troops and residents were given less than two weeks to prepare . It is unsafe to be pro-Ukrainian in Crimea right now , as the region is controlled by Russian military and hired thugs . The announcement of results signaled to the people of Ukraine that a quiet waiting period of our conflict with Russia is probably over . Even though the United Nations , European Union , United States and other international observers do not recognize results of referendum , Russia is still claiming that Crimea will join with them . So the tension has come up to higher levels . The Ukrainian Parliament has announced partial mobilization of army reserves . Annexation of Crimea opportune or opportunistic ? My friends and colleagues in Crimea tell me that people are standing in long lines to withdraw money from banks . Many ATMs do not have cash , and stores do not accept credit cards . Retired people are concerned about their pensions being paid on time . Ukrainians are still not sure what their preparations should be . Will our troops try to liberate Crimea from Russian invaders ? Will Russian troops try to invade eastern regions of Ukraine where Russian provocateurs have been trying to cause trouble , too ? Did Putin set his goals not just for Crimea but the whole of Ukraine ? Putin keeps talking about Ukraine as a failed state and the Ukrainian government as not legitimate , though it 's recognized by all other countries in the world . The bottom line is this : The referendum is a farce that the whole world has pronounced illegitimate , but it is being used by Putin to escalate conflict to next level . His ambitions for restoring the Soviet Union in the form of a new Russian Empire are no secret . Even Putin 's allies , such as Belarus and Kazakhstan , are nervous . It 's hard to not be concerned if you live anywhere in Ukraine -- or in Poland , Latvia , Lithuania or Estonia . Are you in Ukraine , Crimea or Russia ? Have you witnessed the unrest ? What do you think about the region 's future ? Share your stories with CNN iReport , but please stay safe . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Maia Mikhaluk .	Maia Mikhaluk : Crimea 's referendum to join Russia was not democratic "  The vote took place under the guns of Russian troops , " says the Kiev resident Mikhaluk says there are already problems with banks and credit cards She has been documenting unrest in her country since February
CNN  -- Heath Ledger died from an accidental overdose of prescription medications including painkillers , anti-anxiety drugs and sleeping pills , the New York City medical examiner 's office said Wednesday . Actor Heath Ledger , 28 , died January 22 at an apartment in Lower Manhattan . "  Mr. Heath Ledger died as the result of acute intoxication by the combined effects of oxycodone , hydrocodone , diazepam , temazepam , alprazolam , and doxylamine , " the office said in a short statement . "  We have concluded that the manner of death is accident , resulting from the abuse of prescription medications . " Hydrocodone and oxycodone are painkillers . Diazepam is an anti-anxiety drug commonly sold under the brand name Valium ; alprazolam is also an anti-anxiety drug sold under such names as Xanax . Temazepam , sold under such names as Restoril and Euhypnos , is a sleeping agent . Doxylamine , an antihistamine , can be obtained over the counter as a sleep aid . Ledger died January 22 at an apartment in Lower Manhattan . The Oscar-nominated Australian actor , best known for his role as a stoic , closeted cowboy in the 2005 film "  Brokeback Mountain , " was 28 . Watch why Ledger 's death probably was ruled accidental " Police reported finding several prescription medications in the room but no illegal drugs . CNN has learned the Drug Enforcement Administration has requested the toxicology and prescription records related to Ledger 's death . The DEA requested the records Wednesday from the New York Police Department and the medical examiner 's office after the release of the report detailing the cause of death , according to a law enforcement source who asked not to be identified by name or agency because the request concerns an active investigation . The DEA confirmed it will look into anything suspicious concerning Ledger 's death . "  We will investigate any leads in respect to this , " DEA spokesman Garrison Courtney said while declining to provide any specifics . "  In any case , we look to see whether prescription drugs were illegally obtained or whether it was through proper channels . " An autopsy done on the actor January 23 was inconclusive . Interactive : A look back at Heath Ledger 's life " In a statement released through Ledger 's publicist , Ledger 's father , Kim , said Wednesday : "  While no medications were taken in excess , we learned today the combination of doctor-prescribed drugs proved lethal for our boy . Heath 's accidental death serves as a caution to the hidden dangers of combining prescription medication , even at low dosage . " The family added , "  Families rarely experience the uplifting , warm and massive outpouring of grief and support as have we , from every corner of the planet . This has deeply and profoundly touched our hearts and lives . We are eternally grateful . " Read the full statement Ledger had talked about his difficulty sleeping after back-to-back roles as a Bob Dylan figure in "  I 'm Not There " and the Joker in "  The Dark Knight , " part of the "  Batman " series that is due out this summer . "  Last week I probably slept an average of two hours a night , " Ledger told The New York Times in November . "  I could n't stop thinking . My body was exhausted , and my mind was still going . " In the hours leading up to Ledger 's death two weeks ago , a housekeeper , identified as Teresa Solomon , arrived at the apartment about 12:30 p.m. , a police source with knowledge of the investigation said . She saw Ledger lying on a bed face down with a sheet pulled up around his shoulders and heard him snoring , the source said . Masseuse Diana Wolozin arrived at the apartment about 2:45 p.m. to give Ledger a massage , according to the police source . About 15 minutes later , when he had not come out of the bedroom and the door remained closed , she went in , saw him lying in bed and set up a massage table . She shook Ledger , but he did not respond , so she used his cell phone to call actress Mary-Kate Olsen , a friend of Ledger 's , in California , the source said . Wolozin told Olsen that Ledger was unconscious , according to the police source . Olsen reportedly told her that she would call private security people in New York . At 3:26 p.m. , Wolozin called 911 and told authorities Ledger was not breathing . While on the phone with dispatchers , Wolozin tried to perform cardiopulmonary resuscitation on Ledger , but he was unresponsive . Emergency personnel arrived seven minutes later , according to the police source , at about the same time as a private security person summoned by Olsen . The medical technicians performed CPR on Ledger and used a cardiac defibrillator , but their efforts were in vain and he was pronounced dead at 3:36 p.m. By then , two other private security people summoned by Olsen had arrived as well as police . His former fiancée , actress Michelle Williams , has asked the public to respect the need for her , the couple 's 2-year-old daughter , Matilda , and others "  to grieve privately . " "  My heart is broken , " Williams said in a statement issued last week via her publicist . "  I am the mother of the most tender-hearted , high-spirited , beautiful little girl who is the spitting image of her father . All that I can cling to is his presence inside her that reveals itself every day . His family and I watch Matilda as she whispers to trees , hugs animals , and takes steps two at a time , and we know that he is with us still . She will be brought up in the best memories of him . " Condolences poured in from Ledger 's friends and co-stars . "  He was a wonderful guy , he was a wonderful actor , he had a wonderful future ahead of him , and I liked him , " said actor Eric Roberts , who worked with Ledger in "  The Dark Knight . " Colleagues on Terry Gilliam 's film "  The Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus , " which Ledger had been shooting in England , said the actor apparently had been suffering from a respiratory ailment in the days before he died . Christopher Plummer told Entertainment Weekly that Ledger had a "  terrible , lingering bug in London , and he could n't sleep at all . We all -- I thought he 'd probably got walking pneumonia . " Ledger 's first American film was the teen comedy "  10 Things I Hate About You " in 1999 . He passed up several scripts before taking a role in the Revolutionary War drama "  The Patriot " in 2000 and "  A Knight 's Tale " in 2001 . He also played a supporting role in "  Monster 's Ball . " But Ledger was perhaps best known for his portrayal of Ennis Del Mar in "  Brokeback Mountain , " Ang Lee 's film about two cowboys who had a secret romantic relationship . The role earned Ledger a best actor Oscar nomination . E-mail to a friend	Medical examiner 's office : "  Manner of death is accident " "  Brokeback Mountain " star , 28 , died January 22 in a New York apartment The 2005 film won Ledger an Oscar nomination for best actor Colleagues say actor had been suffering from respiratory ailment
CNN  -- They laughed , they cried , they celebrated a young life lost too soon . Those attending Jessica Ghawi 's memorial service Saturday at a San Antonio church heard numerous adjectives describing the hockey fan and aspiring sports broadcaster . "  Spitfire . " "  Spunky . " "  Clumsy . " "  Tough . " The descriptions punctuated a service that lauded the life of a woman killed while in pursuit of her dreams . Ghawi was among the 12 killed in the July 20 mass shooting at a movie theater in Aurora , Colorado . Dozens of others were wounded . Her service was one of four held Saturday for victims of the massacre . Matt McQuinn was remembered in Springfield , Ohio ; Alex Teves was honored in Phoenix ; while a private funeral was held in Illinois for John T. Larimer . Remembering the victims through photos , memories Ghawi 's family created the Jessica Redfield Sports Journalism Scholarship Fund in her name to help others who dream of pursuing careers in journalism . Ghawi , 24 , went by the name Jessica Redfield on-air . Several speakers humorously recalled when Ghawi , as an intern wearing high heels , fell three times on the ice while interviewing members of the San Antonio Rampage hockey club . A video of the falls was shown at the service . Pastor Robert Emmitt of Community Bible Church said Ghawi -- despite the pain and embarrassment -- got back up . He called her a "  strong-willed child . " The victim 's brother , Jordan Ghawi , referring first to the suspect in the Colorado shooting , had two messages for the audience . "  If this coward could have done this with this much hate , imagine what we can do with this much love , " he said . "  If you are putting your dreams on hold , you stop that right now . You chase those dreams . You do n't know how long you have here . " Mom who lost daughter in shooting has miscarriage Jessica Ghawi , who moved to the Denver area to pursue her career , narrowly avoided another shooting incident in Toronto just last month -- an incident that prompted her to reflect on life on her blog . The Toronto shooting at the Eaton Centre left one person dead and seven injured . "  I was shown how fragile life was on Saturday . I saw the terror on bystanders ' faces . I saw the victims of a senseless crime . I saw lives change , " she wrote at the time . "  I was reminded that we do n't know when or where our time on Earth will end . When or where we will breathe our last breath . " The young woman 's boyfriend , minor league hockey player Jay Meloff , said , "  She drank in life and celebrated the things that made us uniquely us . " Tales of heroism abound from Colorado movie theater tragedy In Ohio , McQuinn 's family is still trying to make sense of his heroic death . McQuinn , 27 , died shielding his girlfriend , Samantha Yowler , during the shooting . She attended Saturday 's memorial service , where Quinn 's portrait sat near rows of flowers in the front of Maiden Lane Church of God in Springfield . Herb Shaffer said during the service that his nephew 's core goodness and selflessness came out during that midnight showing of "  The Dark Knight Rises " in Aurora . "  In a moment of crisis , you do n't have time to think about what you 're going to do , all you have time is to react , " said Shaffer , who is also a pastor . "  And we saw a picture of Matt in that moment of crisis . ... His immediate response was to protect the one that he loved . " Alex Teves , 24 , also died while protecting his girlfriend , Amanda Lindgren . More than a week later , his friends and family gathered in Phoenix to remember his spirit and life . Attendees , including Teves ' parents , attended the memorial service in white T-shirts and blue jeans , just as Teves routinely did while in high school and beyond . Teves graduated in June with a master 's degree in counseling psychology from the University of Denver . "  He was n't very vain , he was more interested in relationships , " his father , Tom Teves , told reporters Saturday before entering Corpus Christi Catholic Church for the service . " ... He put people first , always . " About 1,700 miles away in Crystal Lake , Illinois , Larimer received full military honors at his funeral . The Navy petty officer 3rd class had been in the military for about one year . Like his father and grandfather , the 27-year-old Larimer chose to join the U.S. Navy . He was serving at his first post , said his father , Scott Larimer . Meanwhile , a court document filed Friday showed suspect James Holmes was a patient of a University of Colorado psychiatrist before last week 's attack at a movie theater that killed 12 people and wounded scores . The disclosure was in a request by Holmes for authorities to immediately hand over a package he sent to Dr. Lynne Fenton at the university 's Anschutz Medical Campus . According to Holmes ' request , the package seized by authorities under a July 23 search warrant was a protected communication . "  The materials contained in that package include communications from Mr. Holmes to Dr. Fenton that Mr. Holmes asserts are privileged , " said the document filed by public defenders representing Holmes . "  Mr. Holmes was a psychiatric patient of Dr. Fenton , and his communications with her are protected . " Victims remembered with poignant stories In response , prosecutors asked for Arapahoe County District Judge William Sylvester to deny the request by Holmes , saying it contained inaccuracies including claims of media leaks by government officials that in reality may have been fabricated by news organizations . Sylvester granted a hearing on the request for Monday , the same day that Holmes is scheduled to be formally charged in the case . Eleven wounded survivors remained hospitalized Saturday at three facilities , including five in critical condition . One of them , Ashley Moser , underwent "  an additional surgery " on Saturday morning and also suffered a miscarriage due to "  the extreme trauma she sustained , " her family said in a statement . Moser 's 6-year-old daughter , Veronica , was the youngest person killed in the shooting . How to help the victims Share your memories of the victims with us on CNN iReport .	NEW : A shooting victim has a miscarriage while being treated at a hospital , her family says Alex Teves and Matt McQuinn , who both died while shielding his girlfriend , are remembered A service is held for Jessica Ghawi , as is a funeral for U.S. Navy sailor John Larimer 12 died and scores were wounded in last week 's attack at a Colorado movie theater
VALENCIA , Spain -- Defending America 's Cup champions Alinghi of Switzerland have revealed they are to start building a multihull yacht for their duel against American challengers Oracle . Alinghi have promised a "  big beast of a boat " when they take on American challengers Oracle . Alinghi 's design team coordinator Grant Simmer said : "  We are looking at building a big beast of a boat and the loads are off the scale compared to most of the boats we 've been involved with . " "  Obviously from a naval architecture point of view this is an extremely fast and exciting boat , " he told a news conference in the Spanish port of Valencia which hosted the last America 's Cup in July 2007 . Earlier this month , San Francisco-based Oracle , backed by Silicon Valley maverick Larry Ellison , announced that construction of a multihull yacht for its America 's Cup challenge was "  well underway " on the US Pacific coast . While Alinghi , which is backed by biotech tycoon Ernesto Bertarelli , has not yet started to build its boat , the Swiss team have been training on both catamarans and trimarans in Europe . The two sides will be facing off in a duel , or Deed of Gift Match , for the 33rd America 's Cup because they failed to reach an agreement on the rules for a traditional regatta involving several teams . The New York Supreme Court , the trustee of the Deed of Gift , the 1887 document which details the complex rules of the America 's Cup , is expected to rule shortly on the next date for yachting 's showpiece event . Alinghi prefer May 2009 while Oracle want October 2008 . The Swiss team argues it can not build a competitive multihull yacht by October in order to adequately defend their crown for what would be their third straight title . "  Today we have a way forward , " said Alinghi team skipper Brad Butterworth . "  Ernesto has committed to building this multi-hull and as long as we can get the pending issues resolved by the New York courts , including a race date in 2009 , we 'll be sailing in a huge multi-hull against Oracle , " he added . Butterworth said Alinghi had retained most of the sailors that it had during the last America 's Cup "  with a slight downsize " and had recruited people with experience in a multi-hull challenge . Alinghi retained the America 's Cup by beating Team New Zealand in a hugely successful event in Valencia in July 2007 . The 33rd America 's Cup had originally been scheduled to be held in Valencia in July 2009 as a traditional regatta involving several teams . But organisers indefinately postponed the event in November because of the legal wrangling betwen Oracle and Alinghi over the rules of the event . E-mail to a friend	America 's Cup champions Alinghi reveal they are building a multihull yacht Coordinator Grant Simmer says : "  We 're looking at building a beast of a boat " Alinghi and Oracle will face off in a showdown for the 33rd America 's Cup
CNN  -- When my wife woke me up before dawn about three months ago to tell me she was having contractions , one of the first things I did was grab my iPhone from the nightstand . No , I was n't ignoring my wife to check my e-mail or send a tweet . I picked up my smartphone so I could use a 99-cent app to track the duration and frequency of those contractions . You might think that using apps and gadgets right before and after your child is born will take away from this life-changing experience . But for my wife and me , having the right tech tools enhanced the experience and made us feel more connected to our out-of-town friends and family . Here are five tech tools that have come in handy for this new dad . LaborMate iPhone app  99 cents Each time my wife signaled that a contraction was starting , I tapped the app 's start button and when it was over , I hit stop -- generating a report that made it easy to track her progress . I could e-mail that data to our OBGYN , or if I was really bold , share it on Twitter or Facebook . Using the app provided some order and calmness to what is often a chaotic experience . Total Baby iPhone app  $ 4.99 After our son Jack was born and we settled into the hospital room , nurses started coming in and peppering us with questions : How many times did the baby pee today ? When was the last time he ate ? Were you able to breastfeed ? For how long ? Are you sure this is your baby ?  kidding  . Once we left the hospital , there were more questions . And they got harder . At the first pediatrician visit , the doctor wanted daily totals for the number of dirty and wet diapers as well as more details on the frequency and length of breast - or bottle-feeding sessions . What were his height , weight and length at birth ? When he left the hospital ? Total Baby makes it easy to keep track of every dirty diaper , bottle , nap and even bath . As a new parent , it 's easy to obsess over these early details , and while this app can feed that obsession , it put me at ease to know that all the vital information about my son was only a few taps away . We also used the app to keep track of upcoming and past doctor 's appointments , to write down questions for the doctor and track Jack 's growth . Since I always carry my iPhone with me , I use the app to document milestones like Jack 's first bath or the first time he smiled . Each entry automatically records the date and time , and you can add a photo to go with it . One of the best things about the app is if you download it on multiple iPhones or iPads , you can use your home Wi-Fi network to sync the data . We downloaded it on two iPhones and an iPad , so regardless of which gadget we use to update the app , it only takes a few seconds to sync so we have the latest data on all of our devices . Apple iPad  starts at $ 499 After more than two months as the father of a newborn , I 'm now convinced that Steve Jobs had new parents in mind when he designed the iPad 2 . There are many nights where my son wo n't fall asleep unless he 's cradled in the crook of my arm . That leaves me with one free hand -- not enough to flip through a book or use a laptop . The iPad is the perfect size and shape to balance on my lap or chair armrest and manipulate with my free hand . My iPad has become my mobile command center to entertain and inform myself and to share news and photos of my son with friends and family . I 'll catch up on news and social-networking feeds through apps like CNN , New York Times , Twitter and Flipboard . When I want to watch TV without disturbing the baby , I 'll plug in my headphones and use apps such as HBO GO , SlingPlayer , CNN and ABC . And of course like any new parent , I 'll use Google to get answers to burning questions like "  Why does my baby have hiccups ? " or "  When does the umbilical cord fall off ? " The iPad is also great for storing and displaying pictures . When relatives visited , I set the iPad to slideshow mode and propped it upon the living room table to use as a digital picture frame . To make loading photos onto the iPad easier , I bought the $ 29 iPad Camera Connection Kit to transfer photos and videos from an SD card and my iPhone . It 's easier than dumping photos onto a computer , but you will need two hands . Web Albums iPhone/iPad app  $ 1.99 Like any new parent , I was eager to share photos of our son on Facebook , but I did n't always have my computer handy . There 's no official Facebook iPad app  yet  , and the iPhone app only lets you upload one photo at a time . The Web Albums app for iPhone and iPad lets me upload batches of photos to Facebook at the same time and create and easily manage my Facebook photo albums . The app also let me upload multiple photos and manage albums on Google 's Picasa service . It even saves photos for offline viewing and the app features a nice slideshow function . Amazon Mom & Subscribe & Save We heard lots of opinions on the best place to buy diapers and other baby stuff . We joined Amazon 's free but unfortunately named Amazon Mom club  the account is in my name  to get discounts on lots of stuff . For diapers and wipes , we signed up for Amazon 's subscription service called "  Subscribe & Save . " The service delivers items to your door at set intervals of your choosing . You can cancel at anytime or change the type of diapers or wipes . For instance , with the Amazon Mom discount , a shipment of 234 Pampers diapers costs about $ 31 , or 13 cents a diaper . That 's about $ 12 less than Target.com . What are your favorite apps and tech tools for new parents ? Post a comment and let us know . The opinions expressed in this post are solely those of Etan Horowitz .	LaborMate iPhone app keeps track of mom 's contractions Apple 's iPad is easy to use with one hand while rocking a baby to sleep Amazon 's Subscribe & Save service helps keep the cost of diapers down
Financial Times  -- China 's premier has waded into an intensifying trade dispute with Europe , warning that EU investigations into Chinese-made solar panels and telecommunications equipment would backfire by hurting European consumers . "  The cases over these two types of products will hurt Chinese industries , business and jobs and also damage the vital interests of European users and consumers , " Li Keqiang said en route to Berlin on Sunday during his first foreign trip since becoming premier . "  We express firm opposition . " Mr Li 's comments mark the first time that China 's top leadership has weighed in on the trade disputes , and come as the solar case -- the EU 's biggest ever trade investigation -- enters a critical phase . The EU must decide before June 6 whether to go ahead with a proposal from Karel De Gucht , trade commissioner , to impose provisional duties averaging 47 per cent on imported Chinese solar products for dumping , or selling goods below cost . EU member states were due to submit their reactions to the proposal by Friday . As the deadline approached -- and even over the weekend -- those supporting and opposing duties stepped up their lobbying campaigns to try to win over undecided governments . On Sunday the vote appeared to be on a knife edge , with several people close to the investigation claiming as many as 15 of the 27 member states had opposed the duties . The commission declined to confirm this , and the numbers appeared to be fluid . A spokesman for Mr De Gucht said the commission would "  take note " of member states ' positions . "  At this stage , any potential temporary measures are an emergency response to rebalance the market place for European companies facing life-threatening dumping and unfair competition from China 's solar panel industry , " he added . Under EU rules , the commission -- not the member states -- makes the final decision on provisional duties . Imposing them without majority backing from national governments would be an embarrassment for Mr De Gucht and weaken his hand as the investigation moves toward a final outcome in December . Greg Barker , the UK 's minister for energy and climate change , led a group of energy executives to Brussels last week to try to persuade the commission to drop the solar case . Philipp RÃ ¶ sler , Germany 's economy minister , has also weighed in , publicly urging Mr De Gucht to negotiate a solution . Zhong Shan , vice-minister of China 's ministry of commerce , is set to meet the commissioner in Brussels on Monday to discuss the solar case , as well as a pending EU probe into China 's telecommunications network equipment suppliers , Huawei Technologies and ZTE Corp. . Mr De Gucht was given a green light from fellow commissioners to open an investigation after informing them he believes both companies benefited from illegal government subsidies , including cheap land and financing , and then dumped their products in Europe . Mr Li made his remarks ahead of a visit to Germany , China 's biggest EU trading partner and a potentially pivotal player in determining the outcome of the investigations . At a press conference in Berlin on Sunday evening , Germany 's Chancellor Angela Merkel said : "  Germany will make every effort so that we make real progress in these talks . " Mr Li 's remarks coincide with a comment piece in Monday 's Financial Times written by Wu Hailong , China 's ambassador to the EU , accusing Brussels of resorting to protectionism and remarking that its "  repeated attempts to stir up trade frictions with China are astonishing and confusing " . Mr Wu said the trade cases were counter-productive at a time when the EU was still mired in recession and struggling to regain investor confidence . He also warned of broader damage to the bloc 's reputation , writing : "  The commission 's actions have tarnished its image as an advocate of free trade , fuelled the rise of protectionism and run counter to the commitment by the leaders of the G20 group of industrialised nations not to introduce protectionist measures . " © The Financial Times Limited 2013	China 's premier warns EU investigations into Chinese-made solar panels would backfire Li Keqiang said European users and consumers would be hurt by the intensifying trade dispute Li 's comments are the first time that China 's top leadership has weighed in on the dispute
CNN  -- FIFA has written to the Nigerian Football Federation to seek clarification over reports that lesbians have been banned from playing in the West Africa nation . A spokesperson for the world governing body told CNN Friday that a letter had been sent requesting more information . "  This is not a FIFA investigation , but a preliminary step , fully in line with how any normal procedure would be conducted by FIFA 's Disciplinary Department , " the spokesperson said . "  Until we establish more details , we can not speculate on any sanctions , or indeed any next steps . " Earlier this week , reports in Nigeria quoted Dilichukwu Onyedinma , head of the country 's women 's football league , who said lesbian players should be ostracized . "  Any player that we find is associated with it will be disqualified , " she was quoted as saying . "  We will call the club chairmen to control their players , and such players will not be able to play for the national team . " Her reported comments drew a storm of protest for Gay Rights campaigners , and a number of groups said they had written to FIFA president Sepp Blatter about the alleged ban . "  The organizations expressed their concern about reports that the Nigerian Football Association has banned lesbians from football in the country , " the Federation of Gay Games website reported . "  This follows reports that the coach of the Nigerian team participating in the 2011 FIFA Women 's World Cup in Germany explained that she had excluded players presumed to be lesbians from the team . "  Given the inaction of FIFA following that situation , and the flippant response from FIFA to concerns over their decision to host future World Cups in homophobic countries , the organizations sending this letter believe that FIFA must now take firm action or confirm its reputation as a homophobic organization , in contradiction to its bylaws and the Olympic Charter . " Article 3 of the FIFA Statutes threatens stiff punishments for individuals or national federations if the code , which focuses on discrimination and racism , is broken . "  Discrimination of any kind against a country , private person or group of people on account of ethnic origin , gender , language , religion , politics or any other reason is strictly prohibited and punishable by suspension or expulsion , " it reads . Any action which FIFA might choose to take could be complicated by Nigerian law , under which homosexuality is already illegal .	FIFA writes to Nigerian federation over "  lesbian ban " World governing body seeking more information Reports claim lesbians to be outlawed from national league Homosexuality is already illegal in Nigeria
CNN  -- Rafael Nadal battled for nearly six hours with Novak Djokovic at the 2012 Australian Open , the longest grand slam final in history . Seemingly on the verge of exiting in the fourth set , Nadal rallied and then led by a break in the fifth before his Serbian opponent ultimately had the last word . When the bruising slugfest was over , in an unusual move , the players were given chairs during the trophy presentation . Nadal 's loss to Stanislas Wawrinka this January in the Australian Open final featured a more routine looking scoreline and lasted a shade over two hours , so nowhere near as tiring -- but the world No. 1 says it was tougher to deal with than the reverse to Djokovic . That 's because Nadal hurt his back in the warm-up and was n't able to compete at 100 % . The injury , coupled with Wawrinka 's play , led to the Swiss claiming his first grand slam title . Nadal was the heavy favorite pre-match , owning a 12-0 head-to-head record without dropping a set . "  It was one of the toughest moments in my career , " Nadal was quoted as saying by the ATP 's website Thursday at the BNP Paribas Open . "  It was tough being there for 90 minutes knowing that you will not win . But not winning was not the worst thing . The worst thing was knowing I could not compete . "  When you are losing and competing , that 's part of sport . This loss was worse for me than 2012 and the six hours against Novak . I did everything right to be there and compete in the final , and I could n't . Wawrinka was playing unbelievable . I do n't know if I would have had the chance to win that match because he was playing amazing . " Nadal admitted it took a while for him to get the loss out of his system . "  I am a great loser , " he said . "  Normally after a few hours I forget about the losses and look straight to the next thing , but after this tournament it took a little bit more time . " The back still not recovered , Nadal skipped an event in Argentina last month but returned -- and won -- in Brazil . He says the back is now "  healthy , " bad news for his opponents in the California desert . It 's Nadal 's most successful hard-court Masters tournament , having won in Indian Wells three times and only failing to reach the semifinals once . Last year Nadal triumphed not long after his comeback from a serious knee injury . "  It was one of my most special titles , " he said . Nadal faces a tricky draw , however , with Wawrinka , Roger Federer and Andy Murray in his half . Azarenka uncertain Meanwhile in the women 's draw , two-time grand slam champion Victoria Azarenka played down her chances after only recently recovering from a foot injury . Azarenka was forced to wear a protective boot so the foot could heal . "  When you hear for the first time from the doctor , ` You 've got to wear a boot for three weeks , ' and the tournament is in four and a half weeks you 're like , ` Okay , well , we 'll see how it goes . ' "  What I expect for myself is to fight for every ball . The rest is a little bit of an unknown for me right now . "  The first match is going to happen . I 'm going to go out there and I 'm going to play . The most important thing for me is that my foot feels good . " Azarenka -- a walkover in Indian Wells last year after retiring in 2011 -- begins against American Lauren Davis .	Rafael Nadal says losing the Australian Open final was worse than his six-hour defeat in 2012 A back injury hampered the Spaniard and he was beaten in four sets by Stanislas Wawrinka A return to Indian Wells excites Nadal since he has won the Masters event three times Former champion Victoria Azarenka plays down her chances due to a foot injury
CNN  -- Going to a restaurant is supposed to be a relaxing experience . But for Katherine Dillinger , there was one thing that was guaranteed to stress her out : Seeing "  Caesar salad " misspelled on the menu . "  It would just drive me ballistic , " Dillinger said . After years of practice , she 's learning to relax . "  Now , I just shrug it off . I still notice it , but it does n't drive me crazy like it used to . " Many of us have a tendency to notice bad grammar and misspellings , as evidenced in the gallery above . But for copy editors , the people who read and edit stories for grammar , style and substance , fixing errors is their job . In honor of National Grammar Day , we sat down with Dillinger , one of the funniest grammar gatekeepers on the copy desk . She has been a copy editor for 15 years , six of which she 's spent at CNN.com in Atlanta . The interview has been edited for clarity and brevity . CNN : What made you want to become a copy editor ? Dillinger : I wanted to be a writer first , actually , but I took a reporting class in college and hated it . I did n't like going up to people , saying , "  Your house just burned down . How did it feel ? " At the same time , I was taking an editing class . It came easily , I enjoyed it , and it seemed like fun . CNN : What are the most common errors you come across in your job ? Dillinger : Where to start ? It 's probably punctuation errors , specifically comma errors with independent and dependent clauses . Spell check means most people usually do n't make spelling errors unless they just do n't pay any attention at all . Most people get verb tenses correct . And capitalization ... people love to capitalize things they should n't . CNN : What are your biggest grammar pet peeves ? Dillinger : Misuse of the em dash when you should have a colon instead drives me crazy ! And I really hate the word "  probe , " just in general . I have a bunch , but those are my two main ones . I 'm constantly taking em dashes out of stories . Learn the colon ! There are proper ways to use a colon . I shake my fist at you . CNN : Could you ever be close friends with someone who makes lots of grammatical mistakes ? Dillinger : I used to date somebody who did , back in college . He was as bad a writer as you could get . I used to type his papers for him and edit as I was going . You learn to live past it , I guess . CNN : Have you ever made a mistake ? What 's your most memorable one ? Dillinger : Oh , God , I 've made so many . That 's the nature of the business . When I was in Austin  on the copy desk of the local newspaper  , there was a month where I just made one after another . It was terrible . It 's your job not to do those things . I 've put incorrect information into stories . It kills you every time you do it , too . Luckily , none of them has been libelous or gotten me called up to the publisher . CNN : What 's the best grammar fail you 've seen ? Extra points if it made you laugh . Dillinger : Where they misspell the team name on a jersey . Those always crack me up . It 's not a grammar fail ; it 's more of a spelling fail . CNN : The grammar rule that must never be broken is ________ Dillinger : You can make an argument that , within reason , you can break almost any grammar rule . You learn over the years that it 's OK to break the rules . It 's all in how you were taught . You go by what this story says to you . If this story splits an infinitive but it works , then I would split the infinitive ! How the story sounds is sometimes more important than being totally adherent to every grammar rule . CNN : How will you be celebrating National Grammar Day ? Dillinger : Every day is grammar day when you 're a copy editor . Is grammar really important to you ? What 's your biggest grammar pet peeve ? All grammarians are welcome to discuss this in the comments below .	National Grammar Day is celebrated on March 4 For copy editors , spotting errors and correcting them is their job What are the best grammar and spelling fails you 've seen ? Share your photos with CNN iReport
Tripoli , Libya  CNN  -- A threat targeting the eastern Libyan city of Benghazi has allegedly surfaced after last week 's bloody hostage crisis in neighboring Algeria . But while Libya has ratcheted up its protection of Benghazi and its nearby oil fields , its government downplayed the situation on Thursday . "  The Ministry of Interior strongly denies existence of threats against the stabilities and security of the Western citizens and residents who live in Benghazi , and assure that the Benghazi security situation is stable , " said a statement from the official Libyan news agency . "  Terrorism has no religion or country , " said Jumma Atiga , a high-ranking Libyan politician . "  Terrorism can strike anywhere in the world , even ... countries like Britain , are n't immune to terrorism . But to have this announcement that hints at something that does n't really exist on the ground , is not justified enough , in our opinion . " But concerns have sparked warnings from foreign entities with people in the North African nation . Algeria forces try to settle hostage crisis "  We are now aware of a specific and imminent threat to Westerners in Benghazi , and urge any British nationals who remain there against our advice to leave immediately , " Britain said Thursday . "  Although there is no specific information pointing to specific , imminent threats against U.S. citizens , the potential for violence and kidnappings targeting Westerners in Benghazi is significant , " the U.S. State Department said in a warning for American citizens Thursday . "  The United States continues to advise against all travel to Benghazi . At least two other diplomatic missions have advised their citizens to leave Benghazi immediately . " The deadly siege by jihadis at the remote Algerian gas plant has generated fears that a similar attack could happen in Libya . The militants reportedly attacked the Algerian facility because Algeria permitted France to use its air space to attack militants in Mali . Opinion : Algeria hostage crisis shows jihadists on rise Libyan commanders have called in pro-government militias , or "  revolutionaries " from the city of Zintan to help protect oil fields . "  As a result of the circumstances Algeria and Niger are going through and the fallout from the Mali crisis , we should be completely ready for any urgent situation that could happen in the area , " said Col. Ahmad al-Khabasheh , southern regional commander of Libya 's Petroleum Protection Faculty . The force is tasked with protecting the oil fields on the Tunisian , Algerian and Niger borders , Al-Khabasheh said . Fighters and the security forces are poised inside and outside oil fields . Broken limbs , torn lives in northern Mali The commander said they wo n't permit any act to affect "  the safety and sovereignty of Libya . " Guards are using military air support and have formed a special operations room . Libyan Prime Minister Ali Zidan said Libya has closed borders against an influx of immigrants , along Sudan , Chad , Niger and Algeria in December . But the locations are porous . He said the country wo n't be used for operations threatening neighbors . Intelligence suggests that attacks may mirror last week 's hostage situation in Algeria . Security in Benghazi is working on implanting security in the city . and an overnight curfew is being considered , authorities said . Five things we learned from Benghazi hearings The International News Safety Institute , a coalition of groups devoted to journalists ' safety , said credible sources alerted the group that "  terrorist organizations may be planning to attack oil fields in Libya , " with attacks threatening to mirror the Algerian hostage-taking . "  The majority of the oil fields are located in eastern Benghazi , where Islamist groups are pushing for separation from Tripoli as early as mid-February . It is not clear whether this current warning is related to the mid-February issue , " the INSI said . The Netherlands is asking citizens not to travel to Benghazi or stay there . Germany asked its citizens to leave Benghazi and the surrounding area , citing knowledge of a specific threat . Air Malta canceled its Thursday flights between Benghazi and Malta . "  We strongly encourage all U.S. citizens to take appropriate precautions as the security situation in Libya is volatile , " the U.S. State Department said . Clinton takes on Benghazi critics , warns of more security threats CNN 's Jomana Karadsheh reported from Tripoli . CNN 's Joe Sterling and Salma Abdelaziz reported from Atlanta . Mark Morgenstein updated from Atlanta .	NEW : Libya ` denies existence of threats , ' assures ` the Benghazi security situation is stable ' Britain says there 's a ` specific and imminent threat to Westerners in Benghazi ' U.S. says the potential of violence , kidnappings is ` significant ' Threat comes nearly a week after the Algerian gas plant siege ended
CNN  -- Pretty much any smartphone you buy in 2013 will have the same basic features : Internet access , e-mail , downloadable apps , a camera and of course the ability to make calls and send text messages . But what other features should all smartphones have , regardless of what company makes it or what operating system it runs ? A few years ago , I probably would have pointed to Apple 's iPhone to answer that question . But today , as we await next month 's expected launch of the latest iPhone , rival manufacturers are making phones with some incredibly useful features that you wo n't find on Apple 's handsets -- at least not yet . For full disclosure , I 've used an iPhone as my primary phone since 2008 . But as CNN 's mobile editor , I get to spend quality time with Android Phones , Windows Phones and lots of other devices . So here 's my list of five non-iPhone features that I 'd love to see become standard on all phones . Consider it an open letter to the makers of all smartphones . Maybe some of these nifty tools will inspire you to switch phones , or at least think twice the next time you 're due for an upgrade . 1 . An underwater phone that 's not hideous Waterproof phones have existed for years , but they 've typically been bulky things that look like they belong on a construction site and lack the apps and other features of the most popular smartphones . You can buy waterproof cases from companies like LifeProof , but they make your phone heavier and are expensive . That 's why I was excited when I heard about a water-resistant version of the Samsung Galaxy S4 , the wildly popular smartphone that was recently rated as the top smartphone by Consumer Reports . It 's dubbed the Samsung Galaxy S4 Active , and you would never know it 's a water-resistant phone unless someone told you . It 's just a little bit thicker than the standard Samsung Galaxy S4 and has a camera with fewer megapixels , but it 's still got a stylish design and gorgeous 5-inch screen . The instructions say you can take it in three feet of water for up to 30 minutes , as long as you cover up the power port and make sure the back cover is on snugly . I was dubious , so I made sure to back up my photos and videos in case something went wrong . We 've been trained our whole lives to be careful when using our phones around water , so wading into a swimming pool while holding the phone was a little nerve-wracking . After taking a few photos while standing in chest deep water , I switched on the underwater camera mode and took the plunge . I captured some great underwater shots , like the one in the photo gallery above . Having a water-resistant phone also comes in handy if you want to walk around with your phone in your wet bathing suit . Other adults looked at me curiously while I was using my smartphone in the water , but my 2-year-old son , Jack , did n't flinch . Hopefully , water-resistant phones will become standard before he 's old enough to own one . 2 . Selfie mode Let 's talk about selfies for a minute . Love them or hate them , chances are you or someone you love has used a smartphone 's front-facing camera to snap a self-portrait . But it 's typically an awkward process . You have to extend your arm as far as you can while using one of your fingers to press the camera button . This often leads to blurry photos and photos where part of your face gets cut off . The HTC One Android phone has a dead simple way to improve your selfies . After you switch to the front-facing camera and press the shutter button , a countdown timer starts automatically , allowing you to get into perfect position for your self-portrait . I 'd guess that the vast majority of photos that are taken with a phone 's front-facing camera are selfies , so all phones should have this countdown timer built into the camera .  It 's worth noting that there are lots of camera apps that offer a countdown timer . 3 . Never update an app again If you have an iPhone , chances are you have dozens of app updates waiting for you in the App Store . The pain of having to manually update iPhone apps even prompted Sen. John McCain to ask Apple CEO Tim Cook at a recent congressional hearing , "  Why the hell do I have to keep updating the apps on my iPhone all the time , and why do n't you fix that ? " Users of Android phones do n't have that problem : Their apps update automatically . That should be the case on all smartphones . And there 's good news for McCain and all of iPhone Nation ; iOS7 , the next version of Apple 's mobile operating system , will include the option to have your apps update automatically . 4 . Live tiles/widgets Sometimes , when we look at our phones , we just want to quickly find a key piece of information , like the score of a football game , the temperature outside or the time a movie is playing . On an iPhone , to find this information , you have to launch an app or go into your notification center . But both Android and Windows phones have a feature that saves you a step . Android 's widgets let you install little bits of automatically updating information on your phone 's home screen : what 's on your calendar for the day , sports scores , extended weather forecast or news headlines . "  Live tiles " on Windows Phones look like app icons , but instead of just sitting there , they display live information without you having to open the app . 5 . A safer way to use your phone while driving As smartphones have added features like voice-guided navigation and streaming music services , they 've become incredibly useful while in a car . But obviously , looking down at your phone while driving is not a good idea . Voice-assistance features like the iPhone 's Siri have made us a little safer by allowing us to speak commands to our phones , but they still require you to press a button to activate the microphone . Many new cars come with features that let you wirelessly connect your phone to your car so you can use the car 's controls to make calls , listen to music or get directions . But setting up these features can be complex . The new Moto X smartphone from Google -- the first phone Google designed since buying Motorola last year -- has two new features that let you continue using your smartphone in the car without sacrificing a ton of safety . I have n't been able to use the Moto X yet , but many early reviews highlight these two features as being incredibly useful . The first is touchless control , which lets you speak voice commands to your phone without touching it . After you train the phone to recognize only your voice , it is always listening for your command , whether its screen is awake or sleeping . Without needing to touch the phone , you just say "  OK Google Now " and you can make calls , get directions or do a Google search . As many reviews have pointed out , however , there is a catch : If you protect your phone with a password , you can use touchless controls only to make a call . Other commands require you to unlock it with your hands . Hopefully , this is something Google will fix with a software update . The other breakout feature is called "  Assist , " which automatically detects when you 're in motion and switches to a "  Driving " mode designed to make you safer in the car . It reads new text messages aloud , announces the name of new phone callers and asks whether you want to take the call . Given all the patent lawsuits that are sweeping the phone industry , who knows whether all of these features will ever become standard on all phones . But all the competition is great for consumers . And a guy can certainly dream . What other features do you think should be standard on all phones ? Let us know in the comments . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Etan Horowitz .	CNN mobile editor Etan Horowitz suggests 5 features that should be on all smartphones None of these five is currently on the iPhone A truly water-resistant phone makes underwater photos fun and easy Hands-free voice controls let you use your phone safely when driving
PopSci.com  -- As a species , we 've hit the bedtime barrier . You can eat at your desk , socialize in the break room , and answer text messages on a date , but sooner or later , you 're going to have to sleep . Your a.m. routine may involve downing a burst of liquid energy , boosting your performance for 22 hours at a stretch . "  After 18 , 19 hours awake , your brain function starts to fail , " says Dallas , Texas , sleep-medicine specialist Andrew O. Jamieson . Coffee might keep you up , "  but you 're not going to be focused . " Coffee ? You might as well be commuting by buggy . Old-school stimulants like caffeine , amphetamines and the drug Ritalin are about to be marginalized by eugeroics . This emerging breed of "  wakefulness " pills promises to keep the workers of tomorrow not just awake , but alert , on-task and feeling fine through the night and well into the next day . Remember these names , because they 're your future : Modafinil , approved by the Food and Drug Administration in 1998 for the treatment of narcolepsy and marketed in the U.S. as Provigil , is already giving a competitive edge to everyone from Air Force pilots on 40-hour missions to  less legally  college students cramming for exams . The drug 's maker , Cephalon in Frazer , Pennsylvania , is awaiting FDA approval for armodafinil , which promises even longer periods of wakefulness on a single dose , and Irvine , California-based Cortex is working on its own drug , code-named CX717 and developed with funding from the military . The drugs are targeted at sleep disorders like narcolepsy , but it 's their dramatic potential influence on the workplace that has researchers and efficiency experts buzzing . Scientists understand how the drugs work only broadly . Unlike traditional stimulants , eugeroics do n't simply jazz up the whole body . Instead they tweak specific sleep-related mechanisms in the brain , so users do n't feel jittery or wired , just alert . And in experiments with CX717 , sleep-deprived rhesus monkeys on the drug often outperformed their own well-rested but undrugged best efforts on mental-performance tests . Modafinil , too , "  is definitely a cognitive enhancer , " says cognitive psychopharmacologist Barbara Sahakian of the University of Cambridge . In her studies of alert human volunteers , the drug improved planning , concentration and impulse-control skills , and even boosted some forms of memory . Here 's the rub : The drugs do n't replace sleep , and decades of research show that sleep deprivation prompts immune dysfunction , depression and other disorders . Sleep is n't something we should be looking to phase out of our lives . Yet the economic pressure to stay out of bed is intense . Cutting out four hours of sleep a night would free up almost 1,500 extra hours a year . That 's an additional nine months ' worth of standard 40-hour workweeks -- plenty of time to earn a promotion or start your own company on the side  or , worst case , slog away in obscurity  . From Napoleon to Edison to Churchill , many of history 's most notable figures got by on only a few hours of sleep a night . Give an entire workforce the energy of a Thomas Edison , and you 've got a new Industrial Revolution . For better or worse , when the trend takes hold , there will be no going back . Imagine sticking to double lattes while everyone else in the office -- or at the start-up down the road -- is juicing on the latest eugeroic , and you 'll seem as naive and obsolete as the NFL linesman who swears by protein shakes alone . Any worker could benefit , says University of Virginia bioethicist Jonathan Moreno , author of the recent book Mind Wars . "  But for consultants or contractors , people who are n't on a salary ? The incentives are ridiculous . " E-mail to a friend Copyright © 2009 Popular Science	"  Wakefulness " pills promise to keep future workers alert through the night They tweak sleep-related area in brain so users do n't feel jittery , just alert One drug is already giving an edge to Air Force pilots on 40-hour missions
CNN  -- Naoki Matsuda , a former Japan defender who played for his country when they co-hosted the 2002 World Cup , has died after suffering a suspected heart attack during a training session on Tuesday . The 34-year-old 's death was confirmed by his club , third-tier side Matsumoto Yamaga , on Thursday after he had been rushed into hospital two days ago having collapsed . Matsuda , who also had a 15-year spell with Yokohama Marinos between 1995 and 2010 , represented his country on 40 occasions and was part of the Blue Samurai squads which won the Asian Cup in 2000 and 2004 . The right-back fell into a coma before being placed on life-support and did not regain consciousness after being taken ill on Tuesday . "  I ca n't believe it , " said former teammate Shunsuke Nakamura , according to AFP . The 33-year-old former Celtic midfielder played alongside Matsuda with both Yokohama and the Japan national team . "  He was dynamic in every aspect and he was a kind of big brother for everyone in a positive sense , " continued Nakamura . "  Matsuda was a kind of loyal soldier , " remarked French coach Philippe Troussier , who was in charge of the Japan team which reached the second round of the 2002 World Cup . "  He listened attentively to what I said . He was polite and always a reliable key man in the team . " Japan Football Association technical director Hiromi Hara added : "  I have managed or coached teams playing against him many times and know what a big presence he had . " Matsuda 's death comes weeks after Japan celebrated their women 's team becoming world champions for the first time in Germany .	Former Japan defender Naoki Matsuda has died at the age of 34 The right-back suffered a suspected heart attack on Tuesday Matsuda represented his country on 40 occasions , and played at the 2002 World Cup
CNN  -- The remains of a woman who disappeared 22 years ago in northern California have been found after the son of the woman 's purported killer guided police to the site where her body was dumped , investigators announced Thursday . The alleged killer 's son told authorities that he watched his father kill 27-year-old Lysandra Marie Turpin in 1988 and that his dad forced him to help dispose of the body , the Humboldt County , California , Sheriff 's Office announced . Ernest Samuel Christie III , who was 16 at the time , told authorities that his now-dead father , Ernest Samuel Christie Jr. , made him help dump Turpin 's body in a ditch near their home in Fieldbrook , California , about 80 miles south of the Oregon border . Christie said his father forced him to help cover the body with tires , douse it in gasoline and set it on fire , Humboldt County Sheriff Gary Philp said in a statement Thursday . Christie 's dad had held and abused Turpin at his house for several weeks before killing her , Christie told the sheriff 's office . She had been reported missing to Humboldt County law enforcement on April 8 , 1988 . After Christie supplied the sheriff 's office with a map of where the body had been dumped , a team of detectives , evidence technicians , and sheriff 's deputies found teeth , clothing and charred bones . A forensic odontologist positively identified the remains as Lysandra Turpin on Wednesday , according to Philp . Ernest Samuel Christie Jr. died in 2006 , according to the sheriff 's office . His son , now 38 and living in North Carolina , contacted the sheriff 's office in February . He is not facing criminal charges , Philp said . Christie told authorities that his father had abused other women , once holding a woman prisoner in a hollowed-out redwood tree stump . The woman escaped and declined to report the incident to law enforcement , the sheriff 's office said . Using a description provided by Christie , sheriff 's personnel located the stump and found a carpet , plastic jugs , a hypodermic syringe and clothing there , Philp said Thursday . Christie related other instances of his father -- who he said frequently used methamphetamine -- terrorizing women , Philp said . Christie told authorities that his dad once took a woman on his fishing boat , tied her up and told her he was going to kill her . The woman managed to escape , and detectives were recently able to find her and corroborate Christie 's account , Philp said .	Man told police he watched his father kill 27-year-old Lysandra Marie Turpin in 1988 He said his father forced him to dispose of the body in a ditch near their home Forensic odontologist positively identified Turpin 's remains on Wednesday The suspected killer , Ernest Samuel Christie Jr. , died in 2006
CNN  -- President Obama attracted a lot of attention when he went on "  Between Two Ferns , " going mano-a-mano with comedian Zach Galifianakis . The President handled Galifianakis ' barbs well , throwing some back at the comedian  ridiculing his film "  Hangover 3 , " for example  and successfully stoking interest in his health care program , based on the uptick in traffic that followed . The show was condemned by some who saw it as disrespectful of the office of the presidency ; others said the president performed brilliantly , doing what presidents need to do in this day and age , by appearing on a hip and edgy popular culture outlet . Reaching young people any way he can is particularly urgent with the March 31 deadline for health coverage enrollment under the Affordable Care Act . The administration has not made its sign-up targets , and evidence suggests balance between young and healthy versus old and infirm is not what the President wanted . But while gimmicks like the "  Ferns " appearance may produce some quick-hit results , they wo n't go far in re-energizing young people about Obama 's presidency . In the case of the health care program , for example , it seems that many young people have not been convinced the program is in their best interest . A good part of this has to do with the failure of the administration to explain this complex program to the public since its inception . If President Obama -- or politicians from either party -- really want to engage younger Americans and reignite the energy of 2008 , they will need to do much more . Americans in their late teens and early 20s who are just starting to vote are not so gullible or pliable . They are looking for help in tough times . They want their government to offer real solutions to real problems that they see , not just cool appearances that might make them laugh a bit . Like all the other Americans who are struggling in the modern economy , younger voters want job security . Too many leave college without any good job prospects and those who do succeed often find jobs with meager benefits and limited long-term stability . This is a far cry from the 1950s and 1960s , the era when young Americans who finished their high school education and went to college could expect to enter careers that would bring them financial security and allow them to do better than their parents . As Sarah Ayers of the Center for American Progress noted , the unemployment crisis for young Americans includes "  high school students who are having a harder time finding after-school jobs , twenty-somethings who are increasingly stuck in unpaid internships instead of paying jobs , and college students who are settling for low-wage , low-skill jobs such as waiting tables or serving coffee . " Many younger Americans exiting college work multiple jobs to make ends meet or find work in transitory positions without benefits . According to the New York Fed , unemployment is at its worst rate in two years for recent college graduates and many fortunate to have employment are in jobs that do n't require their degrees . President Obama has not been able to do much about this situation . While he worked hard to push a stimulus bill that would move the nation out of recession in 2009 , long-term investment in jobs has not been a big part of his record . In his stimulus bill , passed at the height of his influence , the President focused too much on tax cuts and not enough on the kinds of public jobs that would have been attractive to younger Americans struggling to find a place in the workforce . The cost of using his political capital on health care , moreover , was to diminish the possibility for greater public investments in growing areas of the job market . Neither has the President figured out how to halt the flight of jobs to other countries . What 's more , young people also see a Washington that is broken , a city gridlocked in partisan conflict as decisions revolve around powerful single-issue lobbyists who gain influence by throwing money at candidates . When Obama originally ran for the presidency , he promised to promote a different kind of politics . He took the political process seriously , and argued that without campaign finance , lobbying and other kinds of government reforms , politics would never get better . Yet after taking office he abandoned many of those efforts in order to focus on immediate economic and foreign policy crises . The decision to leave government reform behind has had long-term costs , among them a loss of trust among younger Americans in the basic character of the political process . The institutions of government seem as broken in 2014 as they did in 2008 . President Obama also lost many millennials by continuing to uphold and expand aspects of President Bush 's War on Terrorism that trampled on civil liberties . While young people , like all Americans , agree that the federal government needs to protect the nation from terrorist threats , they also do n't like all the revelations about how the National Security Agency has conducted intensive surveillance into telephone conversations , texting and Internet traffic . For millennial Americans who distrust so many institutions , the freedom and right to communicate through the Internet has defined much of their lives . This has been the realm through which they experience the world . As they have learned how President Obama 's administration oversaw data logging efforts that undermined some of the very freedom they desired , he has continued to lose some of their trust . According to a poll by Harvard University 's Institute of Politics in December 2013 , many Americans between 19 and 29 years of age think the surveillance programs go too far . Nor has President Obama been able to make much progress on an issue that matters very much to younger Americans , one that will affect them much more than seniors who have greater political clout : climate change . Younger Americans have grown up learning about the disastrous consequences of human decisions on the environment and observing frightening swings in the weather that portend greater dangers . A bipartisan poll in 2013 found strong support among younger voters for a climate change bill . Yet despite bold words of support for climate change legislation , the President has been unable to move Congress on this issue and , by many accounts , he has not made this a real priority in his administration . For many younger Americans this has been a great disappointment . The activism surrounding the President 's upcoming decision on the Keystone pipeline has highlighted this . To be sure , the President has faced intractable opposition from Republicans in Congress who have refused to move on this issue and have stifled one of the initiatives that could have been hugely attractive to younger Americans . Even his biggest policy accomplishment for younger Americans -- allowing people to stay on their parent 's health insurance policies until age 26 -- has been blunted by the unpopularity of the individual mandate many of them will be subjected to , as well as the failure to impose tougher cost controls , which may mean higher prices for those who do buy insurance . Going on fun entertainment shows is certainly an interesting and probably effective way to reach young Americans on the Affordable Care Act , but after all the disappointment and heartbreak they have experienced since he took office , that 's about as far as it can go . In the near future , the administration must do a better job to explain how the particulars of the health care program benefit younger Americans and to at least try to make progress -- even if through executive power -- on issues like climate change . It must be clear to young voters , if Democrats can overcome this political problem , that the GOP rather than the President 's lack of interest is to blame for the lack of progress . With Keystone , the decision is in Obama 's control . The President should also continue to work on smaller programs , such as student loans , where he has been able to deliver tangible results to this population . Obama and other politicians , in both parties , must remember : To excite disenchanted voters distrustful of all institutions , you must show that you can make progress on the policy issues that matter to them and to do so through a stronger political process that leads them to believe in politics once again . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Julian Zelizer .	Julian Zelizer : Obama used turn on Galifianakis show to draw young people to Obamacare It helped get health care signups , but to draw millennials , Obama needs more , he says He says young people disenchanted with Obama on jobs , climate , surveillance Zelizer : Obama must show these are his priorities , to regain support , trust of young people
CNN  -- Joel "  Taz " DiGregorio , keyboardist and original member of The Charlie Daniels Band , died Wednesday night from injuries he suffered in a single car wreck in Cheatham County , Tennessee . He was 67 . "  I am in shock now , Taz was one of my best friends , " Charlie Daniels said in a statement . "  The CDB family has lost a great friend and musician . " DiGregorio was a member of the band for more than 40 years and co-wrote its signature song , "  The Devil Went Down to Georgia . " Funeral arrangements are pending . DiGregorio was on his way to meet the band 's tour bus when his car crashed near Nashville . Details about the wreck were not immediately available . Because of his death , the band canceled a Thursday night concert in Georgia and a show Saturday night in Connecticut . "  We traveled many miles together and shared so many nights on the road . We 're going to miss you buddy , " Daniels said . "  You were one of a kind and will never be forgotten . " CNN 's Ric Ward contributed to this report	DiGregorio is an original member of the band He co-wrote "  The Devil Went Down to Georgia "
Baghdad  CNN  -- At least 10 Shiite pilgrims were killed and dozens wounded in attacks targeting them in Iraq on Tuesday evening , officials said . In western Baghdad 's Ghazaliya neighborhood a roadside bomb detonated near a gathering of pilgrims killing at least 10 and wounding 21 others , an Interior Ministry official said . To the north of Baghdad , in Diyala province , at least 14 people were wounded when a roadside bomb detonated near a procession of Shiite pilgrims in Khalis , according to the town 's mayor . This was the third attack in as many days in the ethnically mixed Diyala province targeting Shiite pilgrims . On Sunday and Monday two suicide attacks in the province left at least five people killed and nearly two dozen wounded . Attacks targeting Shiite pilgrims have spiked in recent days as hundreds of thousands of worshipers have been making their way to the holy city of Karbala in southern Iraq and other Shiite shrines . Shiites in Iraq and across the world are observing a period of mourning commemorating the martyrdom of Imam Hussein , prophet Mohammed 's grandson , a 7th century Imam and one of Shiite Islam 's holiest figures . Shiites in Iraq will mark the day , known as Ashura , on Friday . Security has been increased around the shrines , especially in Karbala where the governor expects around two million pilgrims this year from Iraq and other countries . Security officials in southern Iraq said around 28,0000 security forces have been deployed to protect the pilgrimage . The period surrounding such events is historically a violent one with attacks believed to be carried out by Sunni extremists being a main threat .	The attack is part of a recent spike in violence against Shiite pilgrims Authorities have stepped up security to help protect the pilgrims The attack comes during a time when thousands make a pilgrimage to the holy city of Karbala
CNN  The march toward publication of another book by the reclusive "  To Kill a Mockingbird " author continues forward . Many people who know her have raised questions about 88-year-old Harper Lee 's ability to consent to publish another book , while others have said she knows what she 's doing , according to a New York Times report . Alabama officials have found Lee wants to publish the book . Since Lee wrote "  To Kill a Mockingbird " in 1960 , she had steadfastly refused to publish another book . Lee now lives in an assisted living facility in Monroeville , Alabama , and some friends say her forgetfulness makes her unable to knowingly consent to publishing the book , "  Go Set a Watchman . " After receiving an anonymous complaint of elder abuse about Lee , the state of Alabama sent investigators from the Alabama Securities Commission to talk to her and others around her . "  It was clear to our investigators that she fully understood the questions that were being asked , that she indicated she certainly wanted her book published , and she had her opinions that were voiced during the interview , " Joseph Borg , the agency 's director , told CNN . "  And at that point we decided that she certainly knew what was going on . " Lee wrote "  Go Set a Watchman " before "  To Kill a Mockingbird , " and it features some of the same characters . Lee lawyer Tonja B. Carter found the "  Go Set a Watchman " draft in the author 's belongings in August and negotiated a publishing deal with HarperCollins . For now , "  Go Set a Watchman " is still scheduled to be released by HarperCollins in July . The Securities Commission investigation is closed . "  Should something come up a later date that shows something was wrong , which we have no indication of , we could take another look , " Borg said . "  But since we had no complaint from the person who in the middle of it all , so there was no reason to maintain the case open . "	Elder abuse claim filed about elderly "  To Kill a Mockingbird " author Her second book is out in July but people question her consent to publish
CNN  -- I recall being an undergraduate in Russian Studies at Amherst College when the Soviet Union invaded Afghanistan in December 1979 . I was flabbergasted when then-President Carter initially expressed surprise that Leonid Brezhnev and his cronies decided to undertake that ill-fated adventure . Just the little I knew of Soviet history at that time led me to conclude that one should never be naÃ ¯ ve about Russia . Wisely , the Carter administration soon implemented a wide-ranging and powerful set of sanctions against the USSR . By comparison , Barack Obama is now making Jimmy Carter look like Attila the Hun with a series of empty threats and "  too little , too late " punitive measures against Putin 's Russia . On February 28 , President Obama warned Russia not to take military action against Crimea , and if he did so , serious "  costs " would be imposed . A few weeks later , Crimea was annexed to Russia and virtually no serious "  costs " have been incurred from U.S. sanctions . Now Obama and our European allies have virtually conceded Crimea , but again warn Putin that we really mean it this time , that if you take military action in Ukraine outside Crimea , you will be really sorry ! I think the only thing that has surprised Putin is how weak Obama 's response has been . The administration was not prepared for the contingency that Putin would act so brazenly . But Obama 's stubborn insistence on a measured , incremental approach seems premised on his belief that Putin will , after his frustration and anger clears , come to his senses and seize the proverbial "  off ramp " Obama and his officials ritualistically refer to , hearkening back to nearly two years of the mantra , "  Assad must go . " We know that Assad never left , and I see no evidence that Putin wants to take the "  off-ramp . " Surely Putin 's goals were not limited to getting Crimea while losing Ukraine . That does not make sense . And since he has met virtually no push back for Crimea , why would he stop there ? It is not like his views on Ukraine are not fairly well known . At the Bucharest NATO summit in April 2008 , Putin told George W. Bush in no uncertain terms that Ukraine was not a real country . And now Putin has found the appropriate moment to demonstrate to the "  trans-Atlantic community " that Ukraine is not a real country by starting to dismember it with impunity . In case there was any doubt about Putin 's views of the illegitimacy of the post-Cold War European security order in Europe , his vitriolic speech to the Federal Assembly in Moscow on March 18 should clarify it for skeptics . I have no doubt that there is nothing Vladimir Putin would rather do than delegitimize the post-Cold War order , expose the Trans-Atlantic partnership as a sham and deeply degrade U.S. leadership in the world . He has already gone fairly far down that path in four weeks . Why do American presidents have such a hard time understanding Russian leaders ? First , it starts with our inability to fathom just how traumatic the collapse of the Soviet Union was for several generations of Russians . From a clinical standpoint , Russia has been suffering from post-traumatic stress disorder for the past couple of decades . Putin resonates with many Russians because he is seen as the embodiment of the humiliation , status deprivation and grievances that the country has purportedly suffered . Making matters worse , he was an intelligence operative virtually abandoned by what he and his brethren view as incompetent Soviet leadership . The ethos of the Russian intelligence officer going back to the foundation of the secret police in the early 19th century centers on their special , almost messianic obligation to save Russia from itself -- a task only they were adequately trained for . These were people who , for example , enthusiastically supported the U.S. initiative more than 20 years ago to remove nuclear weapons from Belarus , Kazakhstan and Ukraine , not because they gave a damn about nonproliferation but because when the day came for Russia to restore the "  Greater Russia , " that task would be much easier with nukes out of the way . In the 1990s , many speculated about the danger of a "  Weimar Russia " scenario in which the humiliated superpower would re-emerge in more of a fascist form . I am afraid that day has arrived . Putin 's task is to take back what a certain streak of Russian nationalism views as not only rightfully , but sacredly , what should be Russian . Obama may satisfy some supporters and even some critics by taunting Putin and Russia as a "  regional power " of no great consequence acting out of "  weakness . " This will only bait the bear to lash out to demonstrate who is really weak and who is strong . It is a game that Obama is not psychologically equipped to understand , let alone win . A Russian strike , either after a manufactured provocation or without one , into eastern Ukraine , is inevitable . Putin smells blood in the water , and nothing we have said or done will deter him . Economic measures alone are insufficient . If Obama does not rise to this challenge soon , I fear that Putin will happily ruin his legacy and U.S. credibility , with massive collateral damage for Russians and Ukrainians . Putin will likely meet his own end if he miscalculates in Ukraine . It is incumbent for the United States , its allies and most importantly Ukrainians themselves , to help Putin not miscalculate because if he does , there will be hell to pay for all of us .	Andrew Kuchins : Obama and allies have issued empty threats at Putin Kuchins : Despite Russia 's annexation of Crimea , Obama 's responses are weak He says since Putin has met no push back for Crimea , why would he stop there ? Kuchins : Putin may ruin Obama 's legacy by further encroaching Ukraine
Dublin , Ireland  CNN  -- Visualize an Irish pub : there 's likely fiddles , pints , and smoke -- and lots of it . While that may be a reality in some Irish pubs abroad , that has n't been entirely the case in Ireland for the last decade . March 29 marked the 10-year anniversary of a workplace smoking ban in Ireland , extending to pubs and restaurants . Ireland was the first country worldwide to enact such a sweeping ban . The initiative made smoking in enclosed workplaces illegal , punishable by a fine of up to 3,000 euros , or about $ 4,200 . The ban has spawned copycat laws across the globe . Norway and New Zealand followed that same year , as did Uganda . Now , dozens of countries from Brazil to Bhutan have joined Ireland in creating a nationwide workplace smoking ban -- the United States not among them . Russia will join the list in June . Irish Minister for Health Dr. James Reilly has hailed the ban as a success , stating the proof is in the numbers . "  Recent research found 3,726 fewer smoking related deaths than would have been expected if the smoking ban had not been brought in , " said Reilly , who lost his father and brother to smoking-related illnesses , in a statement . "  This is indisputable evidence that the ban is saving lives and improving our overall health as a nation . " Indeed , Ireland 's National Tobacco Control Office says the smoking prevalence rate has decreased more than 7 % since the launch of the ban , dropping from 28.86 % in March 2004 to 21.48 % in December 2013 . WHO : Imminent global cancer ` disaster ' reflects aging , lifestyle factors But while statistics demonstrate a national decline in post-ban smoking , you might not see evidence of that everywhere . Asked if the ban has helped her smoke less , social smoker Mary Byrne of Dublin counters : "  More . " "  I would n't have smoked before the law , " Byrne says . "  You 'd be inside and everyone was there . But when you went out to meet people , you 'd be more inclined to take a cigarette because there was more pressure . Everyone was smoking outside , so you 'd take one ... So , I think it 's actually had the opposite effect . " Even nonsmokers , a group with which Byrne identifies , are taking up casual smoking , "  in hopes you might meet the perfect partner , I think , " she adds . And statistically , Byrne 's hypothesis is correct . Since the ban , the number of occasional  five or fewer cigarettes a day  and light smokers  between six and 10 cigarettes a day  actually has increased , according to Ireland 's Health Service Executive  HSE  . Meanwhile , the HSE shows 18-24 year olds now make up the largest group of smokers , edging out 25-34 year olds who dominated nationwide prior to the launch of the ban . Furthermore , when you examine the 3,726 lives estimated spared since the ban 's initiation , they are primarily attributed to a decline in "  passive smoking " or secondhand smoke , according to a 2013 report "  Reductions in Cardiovascular , Cerebrovascular , and Respiratory Mortality following the National Irish Smoking Ban , " published in the journal PLOS One . It seems smokers at pubs have n't stopped ; they 've just moved into the open air . Standing outside a Dublin pub with a cigarette , Jonathan Curran talks about the patron reaction to the ban . "  Dubliners  basically just do what they 're told , so when  the ban  came in , they went outside straightaway , " he says . Not everyone adjusted so quickly , however . One politician staged a very public protest . After lighting a cigarette at a bar inside the Parliament building just days after the ban 's launch , John Deasy , the justice spokesman for Ireland 's largest political party , was relieved of his position . One year later , Irish news site Politico.ie quoted him as saying he stood by his choice to light up , and always would . But 10 years later , Deasy is back in political office and has gone mum , declining comment on the ban 's anniversary . In the tiny town of Milltown in southwest Ireland , bartender Trish Morierty says smokers at pubs will still smoke . "  I 'm still a smoker , unfortunately . Smoking less , " says Morierty . "  I know a few people that because they have to stand outside said it was n't them , that they did n't want to be standing out in the cold , and have people seeing them standing out having a cigarette . It just was n't right . Some of them tried to give it up , but they did n't succeed . They are still smoking . " Largest-ever tobacco study finds ` urgent need ' for policy change It 's that shaming , according to John Mallon , spokesman for smokers ' rights group Forest Eireann , that makes the ban ineffectual . He says the workplace ban infringes on Irish freedoms and impedes business , especially in rural areas . "  In small villages , the pub was really the social center in the town . That all came to a halt after the ban , " says Mallon . "  Slowly , but surely , the country areas were the ones most badly hit -- but everywhere was hit . " Indeed , Ireland has seen a rash of drinking institutions close since the ban , according to the Vintners Federation of Ireland . In 2013 , 1,300 fewer licensed premises were documented than in 2005 , with rural communities showing the largest loss percentage -- a decline surely due in part to a recession in Ireland from 2008 to 2013 . Despite this , Mallon says pub business is actually picking up these days , a shift he attributes to the introduction of the e-cigarette . "  There 's a bit of a drift back now , a social drift back to the bars , but it 's got more to do with electronic cigarettes than anything else . And having discovered how bad the smoking ban could be for business , pubs now positively encourage you to ` vape ' away in the corner if you want to , or at the bar . They do n't mind . We still have no legislation on that , and do n't need any either , incidentally . " E-cigarettes and "  vaping " have become common fare in Irish pubs , and offer a new loophole to the workplace law . The Irish government is examining where e-cigarettes will fit into the goal of a tobacco-free Ireland by 2025  that 's a smoking prevalence rate of less than 5 %  . Meanwhile , Ireland 's Department of Health says two-thirds of the total population , and rising , are in favor of the smoking ban , including 40 % of smokers . "  I fully agree with the smoking ban in pubs , " says Morierty . "  Places are much cleaner . The stain smell of smoke , you do n't have that anymore . " Beyond fresher upholstery , pub patrons and staff are hailing cleaner lungs . In 2005 , one year after the ban began , the Research Institute for a Tobacco Free Society examined secondhand smoke exposure in 42 Dublin bars and among 73 bar workers , finding an 83 % reduction in air pollution in bars , an 80 % decrease in airborne carcinogens , and an improvement in the respiratory health of bar workers . But businesses are still growing accustomed to managing a tradition employed by nearly a quarter of the total population , a percentage that surely escalates when specifically examining the habits of pub patrons . Is obesity the next smoking ? Though few and far between , violators of the ban have received penance . In March , Ireland 's Mercroft Taverns Ltd. received a 750-euro fine  about $ 1,040  after patrons were found smoking inside its popular Dublin pub , Market Bar . It 's a lingering punishment that keeps patrons who puff tucked in a blue haze just beyond pub doors , for worse or , sometimes , for better . "  I met my last two girlfriends from smoking outside with them , and they were both smokers . If you ca n't dance , I would say start smoking . That 's where you 're going to meet women , " says Curran .	Ireland was the world 's first nation to ban smoking in public places Health officials hail the ban as a success However , some in Ireland say they 're actually smoking more E-cigarettes have become a popular alternative
CNET  -- Net neutrality supporters say they 're unhappy that the Verizon Communications and Google proposal for new net neutrality rules does not go far enough . On Monday the companies announced a joint proposal that outlines a legislative framework for consideration by lawmakers . The companies have been working together on the net neutrality issue for almost a year . In October , they issued a shared statement of principles on Net neutrality . And then , a few months later , they submitted a joint filing to the FCC . In late March , the CEOs discussed their interest in an open Internet through an op-ed in The Wall Street Journal . There was almost no positive response from net neutrality supporters on the proposal . But the biggest disappointment for net neutrality supporters appears to be the fact that Google and Verizon agreed that new regulation or net neutrality laws should not apply equally to wireless networks . "  They are promising Net Neutrality only for a certain part of the Internet , one that they 'll likely stop investing in , " the SavetheInternet.com Coalition , a group that consists of several advocacy groups including MoveOn.Org Civic Action , Credo Action , the Progressive Change Campaign Committee , ColorofChange.org , and Free Press said in its statement . Joel Kelsey , a political adviser for Free Press , said the proposal would lead to "  outright blocking of applications and content on increasingly popular wireless platforms . " Net neutrality supporters in Congress are also concerned about wireless being left out of the proposal . "  Today 's proposal leaves out essential elements that should be a part of FCC action to ensure a free and open Internet , " Rep. Edward J. Markey  D-Mass .  said in a statement . "  The proposal does not apply its prohibition against blocking or slowing Internet traffic to wireless broadband services , for example , and it does n't mention the need to ensure consumers ' privacy online , a glaring omission as examples abound of companies tracking and targeting users ' every click . " While broadband providers such as AT&T , Comcast , and Verizon Communications have always opposed regulation or new laws that would dictate how they could run their networks , they have softened their stance over the past several months , and now they accept they will have to live with some rules . That said , the nation 's two biggest wireless phone companies , AT&T and Verizon , say applying the same Net neutrality rules designed for wireline networks to wireless networks is not a good idea . These companies say that wireless networks differ from wireline broadband networks because bandwidth is more limited on a wireless network . Imposing new rules on how carriers operate their wireless networks would stifle investment , they argue . Indeed , wireless networks do have capacity constraints . But consumer advocates ' skepticism about the intentions of Google and Verizon may be well-founded . Google 's and Verizon 's interests are much more closely aligned in wireless than they are in the traditional broadband market . Google 's Android operating system is on dozens of smartphones filled with specialized Google apps that are sold by wireless operators , such as Verizon Wireless . In fact , Google and Verizon Wireless , which is majority-owned by Verizon Communications , have worked closely together to bring new phones , such as the Motorola Droid and Motorola Droid X , to market using the Google Android platform . Verizon has been banking on the Google devices to lead its smartphone assault on AT&T and Apple 's iPhone . But before anyone gets too worked up about this proposal , supporters and detractors need to remember this is simply a proposal . Google and Verizon do not write law nor do they impose regulations . Congressional leaders write laws . And the FCC writes regulations . Google and Verizon say they are merely making sure they are being heard in the debate . At the end of the day , policy makers will be hearing from all sides , as they have for more than three years . So far the Federal Communications Commission , which has been drafting new net neutrality regulation , has kept mum on the proposal Google and Verizon . The agency declined to comment on Monday . But FCC chairman Julius Genachowski has said previously he believes that net neutrality principles should apply to wireless networks as well as traditional wired broadband networks . Meanwhile , AT&T , which says it was not a party to the drafting of this proposal , said it will examine the document closely . "  We remain committed to achieving a consensus solution to the Net neutrality issue , either with the FCC or with the Congress , " Claudia Jones , AT&T vice president of public affairs and media relations , said in a statement . "  In that sense , the Verizon-Google agreement demonstrates that it is possible to bridge differences on this issue . " © 2010 CBS Interactive Inc. . All rights reserved . CNET , CNET.com and the CNET logo are registered trademarks of CBS Interactive Inc. . Used by permission .	Net neutrality supporters say Google-Verizon proposal for web-policy rules does n't go far enough The two companies have been working together on the issue for almost a year Net neutrality supporters are concerned about wireless networks being left out of the proposal
CNN  -- Days after torrential rains caused intense flash flooding , residents of northeastern Minnesota and neighboring Wisconsin spent Friday coping with the aftermath -- including numerous road closures and continued worries about still dangerously high waters . Flood warnings remained in effect for parts of Burnett , Pine and Carlton counties in Minnesota , as well as in Ashland County , Wisconsin , even though waters in some creeks and rivers were receding , the National Weather Service said . Many of these warnings extend through Sunday , though the flooding concerns may not abate then . Water levels in Big Sandy Lake , which is about 60 miles west of Duluth , are rising at a rate of one foot per day , the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers reports . The lake is expected to crest June 30 just above or below record highs . In Ashland County , emergency management officials were discouraging travel because most roads in the county had been compromised by water , according to the National Weather Service . Hundreds of people in the cities of Barnum , Moose Lake and Thomson were either partially or fully evacuated , and the city of Willow River was under a boil-water order , state officials said . "  It feels like a whale is swallowing us , like we 're swimming in an ocean , " Kris Huse , a city council member in Moose Lake whose own backyard was inundated by water , told CNN affiliate KBJR . "  I feel like I have to save the town . " Minnesota officials have requested federal damage assessment assistance in 14 counties , the first step in deciding whether Gov. Mark Dayton will ask for federal disaster assistance funding , according to the Minnesota Division of Homeland Security and Emergency Management . More than 150 people remained in Minnesota shelters on Friday , according to the state Department of Public Safety . The floods followed heavy storms Sunday through Tuesday that dropped as much as 10 inches of rain on Duluth and neighboring communities , according to the weather service . The flooding washed out roads and bridges , inundated neighborhoods and killed 11 animals at the Duluth zoo . No people were reported dead in Minnesota , but three fatalities were reported in Clark County , Wisconsin . Those three were in two cars that crashed Wednesday on a washed-out road , the state emergency management agency said . A calamity was averted near Proctor , Minnesota , when an 8-year-old boy was swept into a culvert while playing in flood waters . But after floating six or seven blocks , he survived the ordeal except for a few scrapes , the National Weather Service said . Numerous roads remained closed in Minnesota , and Jay Cooke , Moose Lake and Savanna Portage state parks were closed until further notice due to flooding damage , the Minnesota Department of Natural Resources said . Recovery will be a long process , KBJR quoted Duluth Chief Administrative Officer David Montgomery as saying . "  This is going to take months in many cases , " he said . "  It 'll take upwards to a year and into next year for some of the major items . " Images of flooding and aftermath Officials at Lake Superior Zoo were tallying damage there after water surged through the park , leaving 11 animals dead and allowing several others to briefly escape their enclosures . CNN iReporter Ellie Burcar snapped a picture of one of the escaped animals , a seal , on the road outside the zoo early Wednesday morning . "  The amazing thing is that the seal was moving across Grand Ave heading  toward  the Lake Superior Zoo as if it just wanted to go home , " Burcar said . The zoo moved some animals to other facilities , and some were being kept in quarantine inside the zoo 's animal care building during cleanup efforts , the zoo said in a statement posted to its website . The zoo is planning a volunteer cleanup project this weekend . Seal survives being washed away during flood Despite the damage , Minnesota officials stressed that Duluth and many state parks in the northwest part of the state are open for tourism and tried to highlight at least one positive effect from the recent storms . "  The waterfalls are incredible right now , " state emergency managers said in an update Thursday .	NEW : "  It feels like a whale is swallowing us , " a Minnesota resident says NEW : Big Sandy Lake should crest June near record highs , the Army Corps says Some places in Minnesota and Wisconsin still under flooding warnings Roads and parks are closed after intense flash flooding
CNN  -- Veronica Lon Pantaleon Mendoza said it was her son 's pleas that finally led her to quit work . The 37-year-old from San Juan City in the Philippines went back to work three months after her son , now 14 , was born and worked as a marketing executive for more than five years . "  My office was in another city , " she writes on iReport . "  I 'd need to beat the traffic ; leave home very early while my son was still sleeping ; travel home during rush hour and arrive home late at night when he  was still asleep  . " "  A nanny took care of him . We had a maid . I would describe myself then as more of a career woman than a mom . " But , eventually , she remembers , her son started asking why he did n't see his mom very often . See also : If Marissa Mayer can ` have it all , ' can you ? "  That 's all it took , " she said . "  I resigned from work and started to spend more time with him . " Mendoza has now started a second career . When she became pregnant again , she decided to work from home as an online English teacher . "  I planned , acted on it and learned how to make it work , " she said . Adapt , compromise and communicate is her advice to other mothers . Mendoza is one of many who responded with their own experiences to the news that new Yahoo CEO Marissa Mayer is expecting a baby in October . In a Fortune article announcing the news Tuesday , the 37-year-old said : "  My maternity leave will be a few weeks long and I 'll work throughout it . " Mayer 's comments have re-ignited the perennial debate around how working mothers can balance motherhood with their careers -- can women really have it all ? A CNN story published Wednesday , asked just that question : "  If Marissa Mayer can ` have it all , ' can you ? " It prompted comments showing a variety of standpoints on the subject . As the piece mentions , Mayer is not your typical working mother and some of you echoed that , saying that because of her success , Mayer is n't a useful role model for the average person . See also : Want more female execs ? Sort out the household chores "  Using Marissa Mayer is not a good comparison to regular working moms , " wrote Hamsamich . "  With her millions , she can have a nursery built next to her office , and  have it  staffed with a full-time nanny . " But many of you chimed in , saying that no matter what a woman 's wealth or success "  having it all " is a myth . "  It is impossible to have it all , " writes James330i . "  The ideal parent is at home watching the baby grow up . The ideal CEO spends the majority of time watching the company grow . "  To have it all would mean finding a job requiring 4hrs a day of work and the rest being a parent . " Rmercat agrees : "  You can not be something for everyone , and be there all the time . Something at some point will have to give . "  This is n't necessarily a bad thing -- but people need to stop fooling themselves when they believe you can be in a board meeting and at the preschool play at the same time . " Pghgirl thinks that high-achieving women put pressure on others : "  It 's  a shame that women and men who want to stay home with their children have to feel pressured by society to be superwoman like this chick . " Spoddney thinks that the solution to the issue lies in legislation : "  When will the U.S. get with the program  I 'm Professor of Medicine in Australia but worked ... in Boston for 3 years  ... Australia is much more working mum friendly and flexible than the U.S. " On Twitter , a debate sprang up on Twitter around the hashtag #havingitall . Krista Laursen noted that the "  Debate about #havingitall needs to recognize each woman has a different definition of all . Trick is to want and appreciate what you have . " While Jess Pelaez came back with a challenge : There 's no such thing as #havingitall , regardless of gender . Remember , anything worth doing is difficult . What 's stopping you ? " U.S. academic and former State Department director of policy planning -- the first woman in the job -- who recently wrote a piece for The Atlantic on the subject described women who make it into top jobs as "  genuine superwomen " and points out that many of them do n't have families . She tweeted this Tuesday : "  Bottom line : We shd cheer 4 all women who make it to the top . But that 's not enough 4 real equality . Need better choices . #havingitall " This debate is n't going away . Share your experiences in the comments below or upload in iReport .	News that Yahoo CEO Marissa Mayer is pregnant re-ignited work and motherhood debate You have shared your experiences in CNN stories , on Facebook , Twitter and iReport Here 's a snapshot of your thoughts on "  having it all "
Bangkok , Thailand  CNN  -- Thailand 's national election day has morphed into a day of tense uncertainty after chaos prevented voting in several districts . Of the 375 constituencies nationwide , 92 reported voting-related incidents . The Bangkok district of Laksi postponed its election for about 87,000 voters Sunday because protesters were blocking the administrative office where the ballot boxes are kept , national security chief Paradorn Pattanathabutr said . The new voting date has not been set . Laksi , a district of mixed pro- and anti-government sentiment , saw violent protests Saturday when gunfire erupted during anti-government protests , witnesses said . At least eight people have been wounded since Saturday , the Erawan Medical Centre said . And in the Bangkok district of Din Daeng , voting was called off because government protesters blocked officials from distributing ballot boxes . A group of government supporters responded by gathering at the Din Daeng district office chanting , "  Election , election " and "  We want to vote today . " They raised their fists and held up their voter registration cards -- but to no avail . At a rally Sunday , an opposition leader urged protesters to remain peaceful and to continue boycott efforts by shutting down government offices Monday . "  We need to keep our principles . We fight in peace , with no weapons and violence . We only fight with our feet and whistles , " People 's Democratic Reform Committee leader Suthep Thaugsuban said . "  We have the right to a peaceful protest . " Even before voters started casting their ballots , the opposition Democrat Party appeared to be bracing for a battle . On Friday , an attorney for the party filed a petition asking the nation 's constitutional court to declare Sunday 's election invalid , arguing that some areas could not hold elections and some polling stations would not be able to count votes . The turmoil stems from a monthslong campaign against Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra . Since November , at least 10 people have died and nearly 600 have been wounded in violence . Despite the continued chaos , some voters in Bangkok insisted on casting their ballots . "  I 'm very excited to exercise my right to vote today , " Nopphorn Tabupha said from Bangkok 's Bueng Kum district . "  I did n't think I would be able to come out . I thought I was going to be blocked by the protesters . " Meanwhile , many opposition activists , including Suriya Phodhikul , have already rejected the vote . "  No , I did n't  vote  -- I want reform before elections . Because if I did , we will only get bad people , corrupt politicians , " Phodhikul said . Shinawatra called this week 's elections in December in a bid to ease mounting tensions on the streets of Bangkok . But the demonstrators and the main opposition party with which they 're affiliated have already rejected the vote . The Prime Minister 's party is expected to win comfortably . Her brother , Thaksin Shinawatra , is a business tycoon who became prime minister before being overthrown in a military coup . He has since lived in exile , but his opponents accuse him of dominating politics from afar , including through his sister . CNN 's Kocha Olarn and Pamela Boykoff reported from Bangkok ; Holly Yan reported and wrote from Atlanta . Journalist Kiki Dhitavat also contributed to this report .	NEW : Opposition protest leader : "  We fight in peace , with no weapons " Anti-government protesters successfully delayed elections in Bangkok 's Laksi district At least eight people have been wounded in violence since Saturday , medical officials say Voting was also called off in Bangkok 's Din Daeng district because of protesters ' blockade
Mashable  -- Google has just pulled 21 popular free apps from the Android Market . According to the company , the apps are malware aimed at getting root access to the user 's device , gathering a wide range of available data , and downloading more code to it without the user 's knowledge . Although Google has swiftly removed the apps after being notified  by the ever-vigilant "  Android Police " bloggers  , the apps in question have already been downloaded by at least 50,000 Android users . The apps are particularly insidious because they look just like knockoff versions of already popular apps . For example , there 's an app called simply "  Chess . " The user would download what he 'd assume to be a chess game , only to be presented with a very different sort of app . These apps are all pirated versions of popular games and utilities -- an expeditious solution for busy hackers . Once downloaded , the apps root the user 's device using a method like rageagainstthecage , then use an Android executable file  APK  to nab user and device data , such as your mobile provider and user ID . Finally , the app acts as a wide-open backdoor for your device to quietly download more malicious code . Below is a partial list of the bad apps , all of which were made by an entity called Myournet . If you 've downloaded one of these apps , it might be best to take your device to your carrier and exchange it for a new one , since you ca n't be sure that your device and user information is truly secure . Considering how much we do on our phones -- shopping and mobile banking included -- it 's better to take precautions . Falling Down Super Guitar Solo Super History Eraser Photo Editor Super Ringtone Maker Super Sex Positions Hot Sexy Videos Chess Hilton Sex Sound Screaming Sexy Japanese Girls Falling Ball Dodge Scientific Calculator Dice Roller Advanced Currency Converter APP Uninstaller Funny Paint Spider Man Remember , the Android Market is open , which can be great and unfortunate in different circumstances . Always read user reviews before you download ; and if you have any doubts , play it safe . © 2011 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	According to the company , the apps are malware The apps have already been downloaded by at least 50,000 Android users The apps look just like knockoff versions of already popular apps
CNN  -- An armed Christian organization , Right Wing Extreme , will protect a church that is planning to host an "  International Burn a Quran Day " on September 11 , the church 's pastor said Tuesday . The Dove World Outreach Center in Gainesville , Florida , says it is hosting the event to remember 9/11 victims and to take a stand against Islam . With promotions on its website and Facebook page , the nondenominational church invites Christians to burn the Muslim holy book . Dove 's Facebook page , set up for the September event , has nearly 6,000 fans . The initiative has also drawn critics . Dove World Outreach Center Pastor Terry Jones has accepted the support of Right Wing Extreme , which he said offered to come to the church with between 500 and 2,000 men on September 11 . He described the organization as an armed civilian militia group . "  There is a need for this protection . It is absolutely necessary in light of the death and terror threats we have received , " Jones said in an e-mail to CNN . "  We have met with the FBI who have warned us of the threats they have seen , not only against us but against other targets in Florida . We have personally received threats by phone and many by mail , " he said . No one from Right Wing Extreme was immediately available to comment on Tuesday . But in a statement sent to CNN by the Dove World Outreach Center , Right Wing Extreme founder Shannon Carson said : "  We fully support Dove World Outreach Center and its efforts to put an end to the notion that Islam is a peaceful religion . Islam is a violent cult with the goal of world domination . " Muslims and many other Christians , including some evangelicals , are fighting the church 's plan to burn the Quran . Religious leaders in Gainesville have planned an event billed as a "  Gathering for Peace , Understanding and Hope " on September 10 , in response to the church 's proposal . The Islamic advocacy group Council on American-Islamic Relations has called on Muslims and others to host "  Share the Quran " dinners to educate the public . In a statement , the group said it would give out 100,000 copies of the Quran to local , state and national leaders . Separately , Jones has proposed a meeting with Abdul Rauf , the imam at the center of the controversial proposal to build a mosque and Islamic center near New York 's ground zero . The meeting would be meant to negotiate a "  peaceful resolution , " said a statement from Dove World Outreach Center on Tuesday .	The Right Wing Extreme is described as an armed Christian organization The organization says Islam is a "  violent cult " The group will provide protection for "  International Burn a Quran Day " on September 11
London , England  CNN  -- More than 30 letters and cards written by the late Princess Diana were up for auction Saturday in London , revealing personal details such as how she liked to open presents early and that she had trouble coping with media attention . Most of the correspondence was to Diana 's personal beautician , Janet Filderman , but the auction also includes notes to her chauffeur , Steve Davies , and Christmas cards with family portraits sent while she was still married to Prince Charles . "  Of course I opened your present ! " Diana writes in a letter to Filderman on June 28 , 1985 -- three days before the princess 's birthday . "  I have never been able to keep a parcel until the big day & I am not going to start at 24 !! " The letters date from 1984 to 1990 , and show that the two women exchanged many gifts including flowers , picture frames and opera tickets . Diana frequently mentions in the letters that she liked opening gifts early . "  I rushed home to open your Christmas present , which I thought was quite good considering the 25th is actually two weeks away !! " Diana wrote December 14 , 1985 . She refers to her son , Prince William , who was 3 at the time : "  I could not resist opening my present , as a parcel of any shape or form has never been safe with me & I fear that William has also picked up this dreadful habit from his mother , as I find wrapping paper undone in the most extraordinary places ! " On her birthday in 1988 , Diana thanks Filderman for the gift of a letter opener and says she actually waited to open it on time . Estimates for the correspondence start at # 200  $ 314  and go up to # 1,200 - # 1,500 for a letter Diana wrote in 1987 about her problems with public attention . The princess struggled with that until the day she died in a Paris car wreck 10 years later , after the paparazzi chased her car . "  I wish that I could cope with the media & peoples  sic  thirst for knowledge of us , but after six years I find everything that much more of a struggle & just can not see a light at the end of the tunnel , " Diana writes to Filderman after a trip to Spain . "  I know there are a million people worse off than me & that I should do all that I can for them , but at the end of the day I have to live with myself & emotionally at the moment I am upside down & confused  so boring for those around me  & putting on this act is desperate , but if it keeps people off my back then surely it must be worth it , " she writes . International Autograph Auctions , which was organizing the sale after being approached by Filderman , called it "  a letter of extraordinary and revealing content . " The auction also reveals intimate details about Diana 's sons , Princes William and Harry . In one letter to Filderman just before Christmas 1988 , Diana thanks her for sending treats to the boys and says "  the peanuts have been attacked . " On Christmas Day the year before , Diana thanks her beautician for sending a picture frame because she takes so many photos of her "  small men , " the two princes . Included in the auction are thank-you letters written by young William and Harry , both on children 's stationery and in a childhood script . "  Thank you for the James Bond video it is brilliant . Thank you . See you soon . With love from William , " reads one letter , written on commercially printed "  thank you " stationery that features a teddy bear writing with a quill at the top . The letter was written to Davies , their chauffeur , likely after William 's ninth birthday in 1990 , the auction house said . There is also a note from Harry to Davies from September 1990 , when the prince turned 6 . On stationery with a smiling elephant at the bottom and the words "  Thank You " printed at the top , Harry writes , "  I love the video and sweets . Love from Harry . "	Newly auctioned letters offer fresh insight into Princess Diana 's life Most of letters for sale were correspondence with her beautician Auctioneers say some letters could fetch up to # 1,500
CNN  -- Most outrageous fish tales begin with an arching arm gesture and "  a fish this big " -- but this one starts with "  fish that traveled this far . " Just over two years after the Japan earthquake and tsunami , researchers made a startling discovery in a 20-foot-long Japanese fishing vessel that washed ashore last month near Long Beach , Washington : five tropical fish , alive and well . They are called striped beakfish , and they are native to warmer waters near Japan , China and the Korean Peninsula . The five stowaways , roughly the size of your palm , lived in a cozy spot at the back of the boat . A 20 - to 30-gallon containment hold in the boat 's stern lost its cover , and that part of the boat was submerged as the vessel drifted in the ocean , said Allen Pleus , a scientist with the Washington Department of Fish and Wildlife . That "  created like a cave they could go in and out of , " Pleus said . Japanese tsunami debris makes its way into Hawaiian birds Pleus said most debris out in the ocean attracts fish , so it 's not surprising these fish found a home in the debris . But it is surprising they survived the nearly 5,000-mile journey . "  It 's very rare that you 'd see something like this , " Pleus said . "  Obviously , fish are very robust and we are learning this on all of the species that come across . " When researchers first explored the boat , they saw just one of the fish in the holding tank . They collected it in a bucket and took it to Long Beach City Hall . Someone at City Hall called the Seaside Aquarium in Seaside , Oregon , to come and get it . Fish and Wildlife personnel found three more in the tank 's murky water . Finally the boat was towed to a state yard , where the fifth fish came swimming up to Pleus . The one that went to the aquarium will live out its life there . General Manager Keith Chandler says it 'll go on display Saturday . "  He is a pretty cool fish , and I just wonder if there are more out there , " he said . The other four had the honor of contributing to research at Oregon State University , where researchers will dissect them learn their ages and what they 've been eating . Sea anemones , scallops , crabs , worms and sea cucumbers that hitched a ride on the same boat also will be studied . Massive dock washes ashore on national park beach	Five Japanese beakfish survive 5,000-mile journey to U.S. Containment hold in fishing boat 's stern provided habitat One to go on display at aquarium ; other four to be dissected
Dr. Conrad Murray was sentenced Tuesday to four years in the Los Angeles County jail -- the maximum sentence allowed under the law -- in the death of Michael Jackson . He may serve no more than two , however . Los Angeles County Superior Court Judge Michael Pastor , in a lengthy statement delivered before sentencing Murray for involuntary manslaughter , said he felt a significant responsibility to determine the appropriate sentence , utilizing his "  sense of fairness and decency . " "  There are those who feel Dr. Murray is a saint , " Judge Pastor said . "  There are those who feel Dr. Murray is the devil . He 's neither . He 's a human being . He stands convicted of the death of another human being . " Automatic credit for good behavior lowers the actual time served to two years , which puts his projected release date in late 2013 , Los Angeles County Sheriff 's spokesman Steve Whitmore said . Overheard on CNN.com : Is 4-year sentence fair ? Murray is not eligible for early release electronic monitoring or house arrest , which some county prisoners get under a federal court order aimed at reducing jail overcrowding , Whitmore said . "  He does not meet our requirements for any kind of home monitoring , " he said . Members of Jackson 's family , who sat in court for Tuesday 's sentencing , appeared pleased with the judge 's decision to ignore defense pleas for leniency . A statement from the family , read in court by a lawyer , said they were "  not here to seek revenge , " but they wanted a sentence that "  reminds physicians that they can not sell their services to the highest bidder and cast aside their Hippocratic oath to do no harm . " It included a message to the judge from Jackson 's three children , Prince , Paris and Blanket . "  We will grow up without a father , our best friend , our playmate and our dad , " the children said . Defense lawyer Ed Chernoff acknowledged that it was unlikely Pastor would accept probation for Murray , but he still made a case for community service over time behind bars . "  He could do things for the community on probation that he could never do sitting in that little room , " Chernoff said . Even without jail time , Chernoff said , he will suffer the rest of his life because of the loss of his medical career and the stigma of the conviction . "  Whether he is a barista the rest of his life , whether he is a greeter at Walmart , he 's still going to be the man who killed Michael Jackson for the rest of his life , " Chernoff said . Deputy District Attorney David Walgren , arguing for the maximum four years in jail , said Murray was "  playing Russian roulette with Michael Jackson 's life every single night , " by using the surgical anesthetic propofol to put him to sleep in "  a reckless , obscene manner . " Murray showed his lack of remorse or acceptance of his personal responsibility in an interview nine days before he was found guilty , Walgren said . "  I do n't feel guilty because I did not do anything wrong , " Murray said in a documentary aired days after he was convicted . Pastor delivered a 30-minute explanation of why he was sentencing Murray to the maximum jail time , even though the doctor was technically eligible for probation . Murray 's "  faux documentary " made it appear he was just a "  bystander " in Jackson 's death who was "  entrapped " and "  betrayed " by his patient , Pastor said . "  Yikes ! Talk about blaming the victim , " he said . "  Not only is n't there any remorse , there 's umbrage and outrage on the part of Dr. Murray against the decedent , without any , any indication of the slightest involvement in this case . " Pastor said that while he had considered the entire "  book " of Murray 's life , he also had "  read the book of Michael Jackson 's life . " "  Regrettably , as far as Dr. Murray is concerned , the most significant chapter , as it relates to this case , is the chapter involving the treatment , or lack of treatment , of Michael Jackson . " Jackson died "  not because of an isolated one-off occurrence or incident , " Pastor said . "  He died because of a totality of circumstances which are directly attributable to Dr. Murray ... because of a series of decisions that Dr. Murray made . " Murray , he said , became involved in "  a cycle of horrible medicine . " He cited Murray 's "  pattern of deceit and lies . That pattern was to assist Dr. Murray . " A tape recording of Jackson 's slurred voice was Murray 's "  insurance policy , " Pastor said . "  It was designed to record his patient surreptitiously at that patient 's most vulnerable point . I ca n't even imagine that happening to any of us because of the horrific violation of trust . " He said he wondered whether that tape would have been offered for sale , had Jackson not died and a rift had developed between the two in the future . One of the 12 jurors who found Murray guilty said in an interview airing Tuesday on HLN 's "  Issues with Jane Velez-Mitchell , " that the recording did not play into the verdict . "  We talked about that audio a little bit , " Debbie Franklin , known as "  Juror 5 , " said . "  We did n't really understand why it was presented . I still do not understand what that was about . " Murray was convicted of involuntary manslaughter three weeks ago after a trial in which prosecutors successfully argued that Murray 's reckless use of propofol to help Jackson sleep , without proper monitoring equipment , led to the singer 's death . "  We had decided the three issues we were going to focus on were the not calling 911 , not having the medical equipment and him leaving the room , " Franklin said . "  That was the bottom line for this case . " Testimony during the trial revealed that Murray gave propofol nearly every night in the two months before the singer 's death on June 25 , 2009 , as Jackson prepared for his comeback concerts set for London the next month . The judge set a hearing for January 23 to decide on the prosecution 's request that Murray be ordered to pay Jackson 's estate and his children more than $ 100 million in restitution for the "  wage and profits lost , " as provided under California 's "  victim 's bill of rights " law . The singer 's "  estate estimates Michael Jackson 's projected earnings for the 50-show O2 concert series to be $ 100 million , " the prosecutors said . With nearly $ 2 million in funeral expenses and 10 % interest added each year , the prosecution is asking Pastor to order Murray to pay Prince , Paris and Blanket Jackson more than $ 120 million in restitution . While it is doubtful that Murray , who is unlikely to ever practice medicine again , could pay very much of that sum , it could prevent him from reaping financial benefits from any books , interviews or film projects in the future .	Dr. Murray 's release date is projected for late 2013 , the sheriff 's spokesman says "  We will grow up without a father , our best friend , our playmate and our dad , " Jackson 's children say Murray gets the maximum sentence He was convicted three weeks ago in the death of pop singer Michael Jackson
Kiev  CNN  -- Russia 's lower house of parliament overwhelmingly approved a treaty Thursday to annex the Black Sea peninsula of Crimea from Ukraine , prompting tougher sanctions from the United States . Russia responded with its own sanctions against a list of U.S. officials and lawmakers . After Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov had presented the treaty and urged lawmakers to accept the region as a part of the Russian Federation , the document was approved on a vote of 443 to 1 . Speaking "  on behalf " of Putin , Lavrov had told the State Duma that folding Crimea into Russia was needed to protect ethnic Russians there . "  I am certain that passing the document will become a turning point in the destiny of multi-ethnic nations of Crimea and Russia , who are related with close ties of the historical unity , " Lavrov said . The political crisis has been the biggest blow to Russia 's relations with the West since the Cold War . Approval of the treaty in the State Duma was in no doubt as Russia has stood defiant despite Western leaders denouncing Moscow 's actions as a violation of Ukraine 's sovereignty and a breach of international law . European Union leaders said Thursday they will sign a political association agreement with Ukraine and add 12 more people to the list of individuals targeted for sanctions , including Russia 's Deputy Prime Minister Dmitry Rogozin . EU member states also are threatening possible tougher targeted measures , European Council President Herman Van Rompuy told reporters . "  We make clear that failure to settle the crisis peacefully , and any steps by Russia to destabilize Ukraine , will have far reaching consequences , " he said . "  And by that we mean consequences on relations in a broad range of economic areas . " U.S. and EU officials had already imposed sanctions on more than two dozen Russian and Crimean officials , and urged Russia to avoid escalating the crisis -- a call Moscow has ignored . But U.S. President Barack Obama on Thursday announced more sanctions on individuals and one bank in response to Russia 's annexation moves . He also signed a new executive order that authorizes possible further sanctions on what he called "  key sectors " of the Russian economy if Moscow does not act to deescalate the situation . "  This is not our preferred outcome . These sanctions would not only have a significant impact on the Russian economy , but could also be disruptive to the global economy , " he said . "  However Russia must know that further escalation will only isolate it further from the international community . " Russia must respect "  basic principles " of sovereignty and territorial integrity , he said , adding that the United States should also provide financial support for Ukraine 's government and people . "  We want the Ukrainian people to determine their own destiny and have good relations with the United States , Russia , Europe -- anyone they choose , " he said , calling for continued diplomatic efforts . Sanctions lists The new U.S. sanctions target 20 officials , including senior Russians and "  cronies " who hold significant influence in the Russian system , as well as one bank that holds "  significant " resources , a senior U.S. administration official told reporters . That bank was listed by the U.S. Treasury Department as Bank Rossiya . The individuals named by the Treasury include major Putin allies , both in the Kremlin and in business . Among the 16 government officials listed are Putin 's chief of staff , Sergei Ivanov ; the speaker of the State Duma , Sergey Naryshkin ; and Viktor Ozerov , chairman of the Security and Defense Committee of the Russia parliament 's upper house . Four others were named as members of the government 's inner circle . They are financier Yuri Kovalchuk , labeled Putin 's personal banker by a senior U.S. administration official ; magnate Gennady Timchenko , whose activities in the energy sector have been directly linked to Putin , according to the Treasury ; and businessmen Arkady and Boris Rotenberg . Besides Russia 's Deputy Prime Minister Rogozin , The expanded EU sanctions target list includes two advisors to President Putin , Sergey Glazyev and Vladislav Surkov , as well as the chairwoman of the Russian Senate Valentina Matvienko . Swedish Foreign Minister Carl Bildt told CNN 's Christiane Amanpour that the new round of U.S. sanctions would be "  significantly more powerful than the first one . " The latest round "  hits significant economic interests that are fairly close to the ruling circles in Moscow . It will be noticed , " he said . Russia responded with sanctions against nine U.S. officials and lawmakers , including speaker of the U.S. House of Representatives John Boehner , Senate Majority leader Harry Reid and Sens. John McCain , Robert Menendez , Daniel Coats and Mary Landrieu , according to a list published by the Russian Foreign Ministry . Boehner 's spokesman , Michael Steel , said the lawmaker was "  proud to be included on a list of those willing to stand against Putin 's aggression . " McCain responded , "  I guess this means my spring break in Siberia is off , my Gazprom stock is lost , and my secret bank account in Moscow is frozen . Nonetheless , I will never cease my efforts on behalf of the freedom , independence , and territorial integrity of Ukraine , including Crimea . " The U.S. Treasury said Bank Rossiya is controlled by Yuri Kovalchuk and is the 17th-largest bank in Russia . It has $ 10 billion in assets and handles the accounts of some top government officials , the Treasury said , adding that the bank has relationships with banks in the United States , Europe , and elsewhere . The bank also provides services to the oil , gas and energy sectors , it said . "  As a result of Treasury 's action , any assets of the persons designated today that are within U.S. jurisdiction must be frozen , " the Treasury said . British Prime Minister David Cameron told reporters at the EU Heads of State or Government summit there would likely be more asset freezes and travel bans . Finland 's Minister for European Affairs and Foreign Trade Alexander Stubb told CNN more names would be added Thursday . "  There will probably be over 10 new names on the list and then of course people are going to argue , are these people good to be on the list , bad to be on the list are they to be taken seriously and so on , but there will be more names , " Stubb said . Lavrov told lawmakers that sanctions "  have never brought any positive results " and that there were no legal grounds for them . Kiev defiant Russia 's defense minister assured U.S. Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel in phone call Thursday that Russian troops on the Ukraine border do not intend to cross the border or take aggressive action , Pentagon spokesman Rear Adm. John Kirby said . Hagel made it clear in the lengthy and sometimes "  direct " talk with Russian Defense Minister Sergey Shoigu that the Russians bear responsibility for what happens in Crimea , including the recent violence , since they are in control there , Kirby said . While Russia insists its actions are legitimate , Ukraine 's parliament said Thursday that Kiev will never stop fighting for Crimea , even if the country 's new leaders have discussed evacuating military personnel from the region . In a declaration published online , the Kiev parliament said "  Crimea was , is and will be part of Ukraine . " "  The Ukrainian people will never , under no circumstances , stop fighting for the liberation of Crimea from the occupants , no matter how hard and long it is . " Putin announced the annexation of Crimea after voters in the semi-autonomous territory approved a hastily called weekend referendum on separating from Ukraine . Kiev officials unveiled new measures against Russia and the "  self-proclaimed " authorities in Crimea . In a televised briefing , Andriy Porubiy , secretary of the national defense and security council , said that if the United Nations designates Crimea a "  demilitarized zone , " Ukraine is prepared to evacuate its military personnel and family members . Ukraine has facilities ready to accommodate 25,000 evacuees . A statement on the Ukrainian presidential website said former Presidents Leonid Kravchuk and Leonid Kuchma had asked Turchynov to redeploy soldiers who are still in Crimea to the mainland . The call was "  to protect and save lives of Ukrainian servicemen who bear service in difficult and dangerous conditions in Crimea , " the statement said . Porubiy had also said the measures included a full-scale visa system for Russians . Speaking in Brussels on Thursday , Prime Minister Arseniy Yatsenyuk said Kiev was in no hurry to impose a visa regime on Russia , since it could negatively affect Ukrainians living in the predominantly Russian-speaking east of the country . Yatsenyuk is in Brussels to sign the political part of an association agreement with the European Union . Lavrov said the intention to introduce visa regulations was "  surprising and regrettable . " As diplomatic efforts to resolve the crisis continue , U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon traveled to Russia Thursday , where he met Putin and Lavrov . He will then head to Kiev where he will meet acting Ukrainian President Oleksandr Turchynov and Yatsenyuk on Friday . Russia 's Interfax news agency quoted Ban as saying during a meeting with Putin that he was "  deeply concerned " by the situation involving Ukraine and Russia . Navy chief released Ukraine 's navy commander , detained when supporters of Russia took over the naval headquarters in Crimea , was released , the presidential website said Thursday . Amid signs the uneasy standoff between pro-Russian and Ukrainian forces could ignite into bloody conflict , about 300 armed men stormed the naval base in Sevastopol on Wednesday . They took away Ukrainian navy chief Sergey Gaiduk . Turchynov issued a 9 p.m.  3 p.m. ET  deadline for Crimea to release all hostages and stop all provocations . Kiev 's new leaders had warned that if all hostages , including Gaiduk , were not released by then , authorities would take action of "  technical and technological character , " probably meaning turning off utilities . A statement on the presidential site said Gaiduk and several other hostages had been freed . They were released during the night and were on their way to Kiev Thursday . Russian Defense Minister Sergey Shoigu had asked authorities in Crimea to free Gaiduk and allow him safe passage out of the region . The incident at the navy headquarters came a day after one member of the Ukrainian military was killed when masked gunmen seized their base near the Crimean regional capital , Simferopol . After that fatality -- the first Ukrainian military death since the Crimean crisis erupted about three weeks ago -- Ukraine 's Defense Ministry authorized its forces to open fire in self-defense . Opinion : Putin 's breathtaking lies about Russia Editors ' Note : This article has been edited to remove plagiarized content after CNN discovered multiple instances of plagiarism by Marie-Louise Gumuchian , a former CNN news editor . Journalist Victoria Butenko reported from Kiev , CNN 's Marie-Louise Gumuchian and Laura Smith-Spark from London . CNN 's Nick Paton Walsh , Tom Cohen , Deirdre Walsh , Lisa Desjardins , Talia Kayali , Alex Felton , Mick Krever , Carol Jordan and Boriana Milanova contributed to this report .	Russian defense minister says his troops have no intention of entering Ukraine U.S. sanctions target 20 Russian officials , Bank Rossiya , Treasury Department says Russia announces sanctions against nine U.S. officials and lawmakers Moscow 's lower house approves treaty to annex Crimea
CNN  -- Bodies in the streets . Bloody faces pleading for help . Bandaged children in hospitals . The horrific scenes and pleas coming out of Syria mount as activists claim President Bashar al-Assad 's regime has been ratcheting up attacks , which the government denies . What 's behind the increase in violence , what effect did the Arab League monitors have and what may the future bring ? CNN 's Nic Robertson returned a few weeks ago from a rare look inside Syria , where the government has been placing restrictions on international journalists and refusing many of them entry at all . He explains what 's happening in this Q&A transcript , edited for length and clarity . Q : What is happening in Syria and why is it seemingly getting worse ? Robertson :  The violence  is significantly worse . It 's become quantifiably worse since Bashar al-Assad unleashed the full force of his military army on Homs , on places like Zabadani that we visited with the Arab League monitors . When the monitors were there , the army was n't shelling these towns . They were n't using tanks this way . They were n't firing mortars into these civilian areas . That 's begun in the last week or so , all these injuries . And when we were there , there were perhaps 20 or 30 people being killed a day . Now the numbers are up in the hundreds . So it 's quantifiably worse . Assad has decided to ratchet up the firepower , to crush this uprising once and for all to break their spirit , to seal these areas off so they ca n't get in , so that they ca n't get medical supplies in , so that they ca n't bring weapons in to support themselves . Q : Are these reports from people and what you saw on the ground about hundreds of people being killed , are they accurate ? Robertson : We 're not there and we ca n't verify the number of people that are being killed . What we see on the video that 's sent out from there , that seems to be shot on cell phones , is maimed people . ... I 've been in this business for a long time , and it 's some of the worst I 've seen . There was a young child with everything below his nose missing , caught by a shell , children that are killed . There 's no doubt that there is shelling that is causing civilian casualties , that is damaging houses , that appears to be damaging hospitals , and we also understand , targeting the places where this video is being fed out of Homs . It is a siege in the medieval sense of the word . Q : Has it come to a crisis point , or are they close to a crisis point where all hell breaks loose ? Robertson : Again , not being there , it 's very hard to gauge . But when you listen to the desperation in people 's voices , and you see the way that they 're talking and the terms they 're characterizing it in , yes , the situation is desperate . They say they 're running out of medical supplies . Doctors are using secondhand sutures to stitch people up . They do n't have anesthetics to give to people . When you have these kind of wounds coming in -- the survival rate is negligible . The young man who lost his face , he died for lack of treatment , nothing else -- for lack of treatment . Bread is in short supply . Basic food things are in short supply . What al-Assad is trying to do is crush the will of the rebels , of the opposition here , so that they will give up , so that they have no other option . He 's also sort of trying to put the international community in a position whereby whatever the international community does through its desire to stop this  crisis  , it will perhaps play into his hands , the idea of humanitarian envoys . Q : What about this notion that perhaps monitors on the ground or other people helping them out really plays into al-Assad 's hands -- how so ? Robertson : We 've already seen it . The monitors were on the ground before , monitoring what was supposedly al-Assad pulling his troops and his heavy armor back . Their report at the end of a month said that he had n't complied . These monitors do n't have weapons . They have flak jackets , helmets and armored cars , some of them . They have no way of imposing their will , if you like , on Assad 's forces . They ca n't stop them shooting . The notion that they could sort of get in between the opposition , these enclaves , and save them from the tank fire is a preposterous proposition . The only reason it would stop would be because Assad decided to tell his army to stop firing and stop shooting . And he appears to be nowhere near that kind of decision . ... If anyone thinks that Arab League monitors backed with some semblance of United Nations training can go in and stop the kind of artillery fire and gunfire that 's going on , then think again . Because there were monitors there who would n't even cross police road checkpoints , never mind go into contested areas . There were some monitors who were willing to do that , but they 're not set up and protected and equipped to go in and stop tanks firing and stop two forces shooting at each other . Q : So why are we even talking about this then ? Robertson : One of the reasons we 're talking about this is because al-Assad , backed by Russia , created a scenario on the ground where the West is watching huge , horrible humanitarian suffering . We 're the ones that are saying : What can we do to help ? How can we stop this ? Russia and al-Assad would like nothing better than to see us divided , see the international community brought to a position where they will compromise for something less , i.e. , not a removal of al-Assad , i.e. , not going in with a military intervention . Maybe just protecting the people , saving the people . That 's what they 're aiming for in the short term right now . Q : You were recently in Damascus . How strong of support does the regime have in the capital city ? Robertson : About 20 to 30 % of the population supports al-Assad . There 's 10 % Alawite -- this is the sect that al-Assad is from --  and  about 10 % Christian . And the message that Assad sells his people is that , You 're only going to be safe under me . The Sunni majority , if they get power , you will be forced out of your homes and businesses . Q : We saw what happened in Libya . Do you think that 's ultimately going to happen in Syria ? Robertson : We 're a long way from that . Al-Assad still has 20 to 30 % support of the population . They still buy his message that he is fighting terrorist groups who are backed by an international media conspiracy . He has the support of Russia right behind him . There 's no strong U.N. resolution against him . And he is a smarter guy with a stronger army that has n't given up on him yet . And the rebels there , the opposition , do n't have what the Benghazi , the east of the country , a huge base where they can operate from . They have tiny little enclaves that we 're seeing being shelled right now . Baba Amr and places like that . It 's not that we have n't seen this type of thing before . If you think back to Bosnia , when Russia was supporting the Serbs there , politically , not militarily on the ground , there were tiny little enclaves , the infamous Srebrenica . The Serbs , after three years of standing back and shelling it , after the U.N. -- we 're talking here about Arab League monitors , where the U.N. provided safety and security in Srebrenica -- the Serbs still went in and massacred 7,000 people . So what al-Assad and Russia are looking at here is a scenario where the international community could settle for something less , i.e. , trying to protect these areas . And that will be no protection .	CNN 's Nic Robertson recently returned from a rare look inside Syria He says violence in Syria is significantly worse since full force of army unleashed President Bashar al-Assad has decided to crush uprising once and for all , Robertson says He says outside monitors ca n't stop violence ; their presence could play into al-Assad 's hands
Take a look at ingredients for some varieties of Subway 's bread and you 'll find a chemical that may seem unfamiliar and hard to pronounce : azodicarbonamide . To say this word , you would emphasize the syllable "  bon " -- but the attention the chemical has been getting has not been good . Besides bread , the chemical is also found in yoga mats and shoe soles to add elasticity . But it 's not long for bread at Subway : The company says it 's coming out . "  Even though this ingredient is safe , we are removing it from Subway bread . This process began last year and is nearly completed -- we have already developed an improved bread formula , conducted extensive performance and consumer testing on it , and pending final government approvals we should complete the entire conversion process within the coming weeks , " Subway said in a statement . Subway said azodicarbonamide is "  an extremely common bread ingredient that is fully approved and recognized as safe by the FDA . " The controversial chemical has been used by commercial bakers for the purpose of strengthening dough but has been poorly tested , according to the Center for Science in the Public Interest . One of the breakdown products , derived from the original substance , is called urethane , a recognized carcinogen , the organization says . Using azodicarbonamide at maximum allowable levels results in higher levels of urethane in bread "  that pose a small risk to humans , " CSPI said . Another breakdown product is semicarbazide , which poses "  a negligible risk to humans " but was found to cause cancers of the lung and blood vessels in mice , CSPI said . CSPI advocates for reducing the amount of the chemical that is allowed to be used . "  We urge the Food and Drug Administration to consider whether the Delaney amendment , which bars the use of food additives that cause cancer in humans or animals , requires the agency to bar its use , " CSPI said . The FDA has said that the additive can not exceed 0.0045 % by weight of the flour when used in as a "  dough conditioner . " The American Bakers Association told CNN : "  Past FDA sampling results have indicated appropriate low level use in products . As a dough conditioner it has a volume/texture effect on the finished loaf . It is a functional ingredient that improves the quality of bread and any substitutes are likely not to work as well as ADA  azodicarbonamide  . " Food blogger Vani Hari , of the popular food blog Food Babe , originally drew public attention to this issue , CSPI said . She has written about Subway ingredients several times since 2012 , this week she launched a petition urging Subway to stop using azodicarbonamide . More than 67,000 people signed . Grocery store breads and restaurant breads also contain this chemical . Other major fast food chains have products with the ingredient too , including McDonald 's , Starbucks and Arby 's . McDonald 's has also responded to concerns about the chemical with regard to its McRib sandwich buns , but continues to use the chemical in that product . McDonald 's notes on its website that a "  variation of Azodicarbonamide has commercial uses and is used in the production of some foamed plastics , like exercise mats . But this should n't be confused with the food-grade variation of this ingredient . " Azodicarbonamide is not legally allowed to be used as a dough improver in the European Union , according to the European Food Safety Authority . It is also banned in Australia . A 1999 report from an international group of health experts , published by the World Health Organization , says some studies suggest that the chemical can induce asthma , based on evidence from people with symptoms and employees of facilities where the chemical is manufactured or used . But use of the chemical in the workplace is very different , and carries much greater exposure than eating a tiny amount in bread . The report notes that the concentration required to produce asthmatic reactions is unknown . "  The level of risk is uncertain ; hence , exposure levels should be reduced as much as possible , " WHO said .	Azodicarbonamide is a chemical found in yoga mats and shoe soles The chemical has been used for the purpose of strengthening dough Announcing its removal , Subway notes chemical has USDA and FDA approval ` Food Babe ' blogger drew attention to the issue
CNN  -- Eleven years ago , Brenda Heist 's marriage fell apart . She was trying to find housing and had been refused financial aid ; she was depressed , in despair , crying on a park bench . And then she vanished . What a heartbreaking , terrifying time for her family , who suspected the worst , even declared her legally dead . When she reappeared to great media fanfare last week in Florida , reaction ranged from confusion to scorn . Eleven years ago , my marriage also ended and I moved down the street , leaving the physical custody of my two sons with my husband . The public outrage directed at Heist has been eerily similar to the hostility and anger I encountered when I wrote a memoir about it . In my case , I stayed , co-parenting with my husband , setting rules and attending basketball games and dance shows and parent teacher conferences , and keeping a close , loving relationship with my children . We do homework together ; we talk about girls , I teach them to cook  and to clean up !  . But I am a part-time parent , a noncustodial mother . For this decision , I have been threatened with death and sexual violence by strangers . I have been called human "  garbage " and "  worse than Hitler . " And I am still the woman everyone refers to when they are talking about mothers who leave . The hostility and abuse that is directed at the "  mother who leaves " clearly does not depend on her actual leaving . We want our mothers to be long-suffering , to put their children 's needs first and their own well-being last if there is time left . We need her to get dinner on the table and the laundry done and the kids to school and the homework finished and the house clean and the cookies for the bake sale made and the school clothes purchased . Our society is hurting , schools are bankrupt , family finances are squeezed , drugs and guns and sex in the media and international terror are all bombarding our children and the person we designate to help kids negotiate all of this is their mother . It 's a big job , too big for one person . Especially when she also has to work , and when she also has a life of her own to care for . But to say that , to act on it , is too much of a threat . I have said it . In my memoir , I took a hard , honest look at my ambivalence about motherhood , at my fears of not being good enough , and the loss of my identity as anything but a mother . My life was changing ; my marriage was crumbling ; I felt like I was being swallowed up . I loved my children deeply but I could no longer be a full-time mom and I had no other models . How could I remain part of their lives joyfully and not as a stifled , resentful failure ? Would we all make it through OK ? Our family evolved . It was not quick and easy , in fact , we groped some and stumbled , but I had the support of their father and my boys are now thriving . When we look at it I realize that our family is not abhorrent or unnatural . It looks very much like many other families that have been through divorce , except Mom is the one who lives down the street . Even so , once my book was published , I wrote about the backlash : the neighbors who crossed the street to avoid me , the friends who could not forgive me , the outbursts from strangers who asked , "  How could you leave your children ? " a most nonsensical question in my mind , since I was standing right there . In the hateful response that followed , I noticed something . Many people very proudly proclaimed that they refused to read what I wrote . The headline of one article -- which I did not write -- was enough for them to form an opinion about what a poor excuse for a human I was . They were not interested in learning that there might be any middle ground between "  good mother " and "  human garbage " or a positive outcome . They would rather claim that I did n't love my children , that I was a narcissist or that I had simply decided parenting was no longer fun . Their attacks on me were designed to shut me up , but shutting up is the worst thing we can do to motherhood . I know because I have heard from hundreds of women who also left . They write "  with tears in my eyes " and "  a pain in my heart " "  thrilled and flabbergasted to find out there is a woman like you ,  like me !  out there . " I have heard from women who were escaping bad relationships , women who had to move for work , women who had been swallowed up in caregiving and enabling . I heard from women who were unfulfilled , unhappy and confused , and others who were paralyzed , frozen , and convinced they were failing their children . They were terrified and guilty about their situation and choices . One woman , who spoke for so many , wrote : "  There is such a horrible stigma to not being a full-time mother , and I tend to shy away from letting the mommies in my online parenting community  which I 've been with since they were infants  know that I 'm choosing not to have the kids live with me . It 's looked at as such a selfish decision , but I chose it because it was truly best for them , even though it does cause me intense pain . "  So again , thank you for speaking up , and giving me reassurance that my kids will not be permanently damaged by not living with me , but that doing the best I can for them and myself will make them more successful in the long run . " Again and again , these women write , "  I love my children with all my heart . " In many cases , they have realized they are not the better parent -- at least not right now . If we listen when they speak , we might notice that most women live in the unacknowledged space between "  stellar mom and wife extraordinaire " and "  human garbage . " Instead of condemning us and trying to bludgeon us into silence , we need to explore a variety of models for motherhood -- and fatherhood -- that can allow for care and love and support for both the mother and the child . Brenda Heist sat , in her despair and isolation , crying on a park bench . She says she "  snapped . " Would she have made a different choice if she knew she was not alone ? The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Rahna Reiko Rizzuto .	When Rahna Reiko Rizzuto divorced , her ex-husband got physical custody of kids She lived down the street , seeing boys often , going to PTA , games , helping with homework But she received death threats and was called "  garbage " and "  worse than Hitler " Rizzuto : Moms leave home for many reasons ; we need new models for moms and dads
Washington  CNN  -- Rep. Peter King 's goal is to thwart Muslim radicalization , but some people fear his hearings could have exactly the opposite effect . Some counterterrorism experts believe shining a harsh spotlight on the Muslim community could play into the jihadist narrative that the West is at war with Islam and encourage more people to participate in terrorist activity . Nihad Awad , executive director of the Council on American-Islamic Relations , says King is unfair if he blames the entire Muslim community for the actions of a few . "  I think his approach is going to radicalize young people , " says Awad . King -- a New York Republican -- says he is holding the hearings because the Muslim community has not cooperated sufficiently with law enforcement . On Wednesday , Attorney General Eric Holder contradicted that . "  Tips we have received , information that has been shared has been critical to our efforts to disrupting plots . " But King disagrees . He characterizes New York as the "  epicenter " of terrorist activity and says he is unaware of any good information coming from the Muslim community to police in the city or surrounding counties . A recent study from the Triangle Center on Terrorism and Homeland Security said tips from the Muslim community thwarted 48 out of 120 terrorism cases involving Muslim Americans , though some experts say the data may not be complete . Law enforcement officials say the Muslim community is key to finding and disrupting terrorist plots , but the degree of cooperation varies from community to community and mosque to mosque . Asked whether King 's hearings might have a negative impact on the outreach efforts of the FBI and other law enforcement , Holder responded indirectly , saying , "  We do n't want to stigmatize . We do n't want to alienate entire communities . " "  We need to focus on individuals or groups of individuals who might band together and who would try to harm Americans ' interests or American citizens . That 's what this department is doing . " King 's retort : "  I do n't want to demonize anyone , either . But talk to -LSB- Deputy National Security Director Dennis -RSB- McDonough . He said al Qaeda is attempting to radicalize the American Muslim community . So if we are going to look for radicalization from al Qaeda , where else would we look ? " Some Muslims said they believe King 's approach could backfire and diminish cooperation . "  I do n't know if Representative King realizes it , but that 's the real danger to all of this , " says Robert Marro . Marro , a Muslim convert , worships at the All Dulles Area Muslim Society in northern Virginia . The imam at the mosque said he has made a video that attempts to counter the jihadist message , and he has cooperated with the FBI and local police . Imam Mohamed Magid says the upcoming hearing will not change his stance . "  Human life is sacred , no matter who that person is . And therefore committing an act of terrorism or taking innocent life is a sin . Absolutely a sin . " Magid says King is wrong to say the Muslim community has not done enough to counter radicalization , and he fears the hearings could result in further isolation . That worries 25-year old Yasmin Shafiq as well . She worships at the mosque . "  I can certainly see Muslims becoming more introverted , and you definitely do n't want introversion when it comes to issues of radicalization . You want people to be communicative and receptive and open to opinions and ideas , " she says . There is no easy way to spot someone who has been radicalized . The Muslims who have been arrested in connection with domestic terror plots have varied in age , education and sex . Some are converts , others are lifelong Muslims . Some were born overseas , others in the U.S. . There is no one path to radicalization that would allow for easy detection . Charles Kurzman of the Triangle Center on Terrorism and Homeland Security has looked at individuals who have been radicalized and says some of them were ideologically committed and were looking for opportunities to engage in violence . Kurzman says other individuals simply may have fallen into terrorist activities by accident . He adds , "  then there were others who seem to have been hangers-on , for lack of a better word . " Frank Cilluffo of George Washington University has studied radicalization . He says one of the most important things the King hearings could produce is a commitment to better understand how radicalization occurs , who is susceptible and how the jihadist message can be neutralized . "  We do n't have a full honest-to-goodness , methodological approach that is empirically sound yet , " Cilluffo says . Cilluffo is not alone in thinking the hearings could have a positive impact . Other experts agree they have to the potential to build understanding . But , they warn , the tone as well as the substance will be key .	Some experts worry that a harsh spotlight could encourage terrorist activity It could play into the jihadist narrative that the West is at war with Islam , experts say Others say the hearing could produce a better understanding of radicalization The tone , as well as the substance , of the hearing is key , they say
CNN  -- Bruce Springsteen fans : Your prayers for a new album have been answered . "  High Hopes " is set for a January 14 , 2014 , release . The title track comes out Monday . The news came via Springsteen 's official Facebook page and Twitter account . It 's the first new album from "  The Boss " since 2012 's "  Wrecking Ball . " The 12 tracks are already listed on iTunes and some of them look familiar -- several of them are covers . Recording Industry Association of America says Springsteen has sold 64.5 million albums . That 's good for No. 15 on the all-time list , right between The Rolling Stones and Madonna . Here 's the track list for "  High Hopes " : 1 . High Hopes 2 . Harry 's Place 3 . American Skin  41 Shots 4 . Just Like Fire Would 5 . Down In The Hole 6 . Heaven 's Wall 7 . Frankie Fell In Love 8 . This Is Your Sword 9 . Hunter Of Invisible Game 10 . The Ghost of Tom Joad 11 . The Wall 12 . Dream Baby Dream	Springsteen has sold more than 64 million albums The title track is being released on iTunes Monday There are 12 tunes on "  High Hopes " This is the first new album from "  The Boss " since 2012 's "  Wrecking Ball "
CNN  -- Witnesses began describing the final moments of and futile attempts to save a Connecticut mother and her two daughters inside their burning home , opening the trial Monday for one of the men who authorities claim is responsible for their murders . Prosecutors declined to give an opening statement to start the trial of Joshua Komisarjevsky , 31 , who faces 17 charges in a brutal home invasion in Cheshire . But they did introduce tapes from two 911 calls , a bank teller who claimed the mother tried to withdraw $ 15,000 as ransom and a police officer who found Dr. William Petit -- the lone survivor -- fighting for life outside his family 's burning home . The first defendant to stand trial in the case , Steven Hayes , was sentenced to the death penalty in December after being convicted on 16 of 17 charges filed against him . Prosecutors allege that Hayes and Komisarjevsky went into the Petit home , beat and tied up Dr. William Petit , raped and strangled his wife , molested one of their daughters and set the house on fire before attempting to flee . The two daughters , who were both tied to their beds , died of smoke inhalation . William Petit managed to escape . Entering the New Haven court Monday , Petit succinctly told reporters , "  I just hope justice was served . " He was one of several of the victims ' family members packing the courtroom , many of them wearing pins that Judge Jon C. Blue allowed over defense lawyers ' objections they might sway the jury . While he did n't present a comprehensive statement , New Haven State 's Attorney Michael Dearington briefly spoke to jurors , explaining that prosecutors believe the jury will be able to listen to the evidence and render a decision . Under the law , Dearington said , Komisarjevsky is charged both as a principal and an accessory . Komisarjevsky 's defense attorney , Walter Bansley , told jurors that his client never intended to kill anyone , that his sole purpose in breaking into the Petit home was to steal . Bansley said Komisarjevsky did not have a weapon . He told jurors that in order to convict Komisarjevsky of capital murder , they must determine he intended to kill someone . It was Hayes , Bansley said , who raped and strangled Jennifer Hawke-Petit , poured the gasoline and lit the match . Komisarjevsky was a willing participant in the break-in and theft , but not the murders , according to Bansley , who recounted mounting dissension between Hayes and Komisarjevsky as the home invasion progressed through that morning . Hayes felt the Petits needed to be killed , Bansley claimed , but Komisarjevsky refused to kill anyone . Bansley did allude to a "  confession " that Komisarjevsky had later made in the incident . While it was not yet entered into testimony on this trial 's first day , during Hayes ' trial , a court clerk read from writings of Komisarjevsky , in which he described the incident in a 40-page letter that he wrote to author Brian McDonald in 2008 . "  All were compliant , " he wrote . "  This time I took a risk , pulled the trigger , and the chamber was loaded . ... The Petit family passed through their fears and into terror . " ... It was captivating , validating that this pain in me was real . ... I was looking right at my personal demon , reflected back in their eyes . ... Hayley is a fighter ; she tried time and time again to free herself . ... Mr. Petit is a coward ; he ran away when he thought his life was threatened , and ran away to leave his wife and children to madmen . ... I was cheated of my retribution , and so was Steve . ... I am what I am ; I make no excuses . ... I 'm a criminal with a criminal mind . " The reading continued , "  Michaela , Hayley , and Jennifer , forgive me ; I am damned . ... I ca n't believe I lost control ; I hate myself/I love myself . ... I stand condemned . " After the defense lawyers presented their opening arguments , the prosecution began to present evidence and call witnesses -- the same five people thus far , in the same order , as they did during Hayes ' trial . If they continue this trend , Dr. Petit would be the next witness to testify when the trial resumes Tuesday morning . The first person on the stand Monday was Mona Huggard , a registered nurse at Petit 's medical practice who said that Hawke-Petit had called in to say her husband was sick -- only the second time , in her recollection , that he 'd ever done so . Then Kristen Makhzangi testified how Hawke-Petit came to her bank window to withdraw $ 15,000 . Video showed the transaction , which spurred a 911 call from the Bank of America branch 's manager , Mary Lyons , warning that that the family might be in trouble . Lyons described Hawke-Petit as "  terrified . " About an hour after the visit , authorities say , she was dead . Another 911 call came from the Petits ' next-door neighbor David Simcik , who testified spotting Dr. Petit "  all banged up " and asking him to call police . And lastly on Monday , Cheshire Police Office Thomas Wright explained how he 'd arrived to find Petit bloodied on his neighbor 's driveway . By the time he tried , unsuccessfully , to enter the door of the home , Hayes and Komisarjevsky had left and "  everything was burning , " Wright said . Authorities threw rocks at windows and doused flames with a nearby hose . But once they finally got in , "  We saw no signs of life , " he said . In Session 's Sunny Hostin and CNN 's Deborah Feyerick contributed to this report .	NEW : A bank employee describes Jennifer Hawke-Petit as "  terrified " NEW : A police officer says he found her bloodied husband , then no signs of life inside Joshua Komisarjevsky is on trial on 17 charges , including murder and arson A defense attorney says Komisarjevsky did n't intend to kill anyone and did n't have a weapon
CNN  -- Investigators checked cameras at California-Mexico border crossings Monday in their search for a driver who is believed to have caused a weekend crash that killed five people on a California desert highway . A Dodge Avenger struck a group of 12 motorcycles Saturday on a highway in El Centro , Imperial County , just east of San Diego , after swerving to avoid a gold Honda Civic that had just passed the bikers . Four people on the bikes and a passenger in the Dodge Avenger died on the scene , California Highway Patrol spokeswoman Deeann Goudie said . Six other motorcyclists were seriously injured . "  The gold Honda Civic left the scene without stopping and police want to talk with that driver , " Goudie said . "  We 're looking for a 1995-2000 model year Gold Honda Civic . " Police suspect the Honda driver may have fled across the nearby border into Mexico , prompting them to take a look at the border camera video , according to another California Highway Patrol spokesman , Pablo Torrez . A drunk driving charge that was initially made against the Dodge Avenger driver was dropped Monday after blood test results came back negative , Torrez said . The bikers are part of the Saddle Tramps Motorcycle group in Lakeside , California . They were taking a casual ride on their Harley Davidsons to celebrate the group 's 10th anniversary . Anyone with information is asked to contact the California Highway Patrol . CNN 's Rick Martin and Sara Pratley contributed to this report .	NEW : Border cameras may help police find the driver who fled the scene NEW : A DUI charge against the Dodge Avenger driver was dropped The bikers were taking a casual ride to mark their 10th anniversary Four bikers and a passenger in the car die
Cherice Moralez was n't the type to wait for the storm to pass . She preferred to dance in the downpour . "  When a big rain would come , she 'd always get out and dance in the rain , " the teen 's mother , Auliea Hanlon , said . "  She taught me how to dance in the rain . " Hanlon was used to her daughter 's eccentricities . This was a teen who once painted herself green "  for sport " and "  set booby traps , " sticking wads of gum on the bathroom door handle as a child , her mother said . "  If the world was n't entertaining enough , she would entertain herself with the world . She used to do all sorts of crazy stuff for sport , " her mother fondly recalled . It was when that playful nature waned that Hanlon suspected something was wrong . Cherice 's teachers saw it , too , as her grades suffered and her gregarious personality dimmed . "  She just did n't laugh as much , you know ? And she had the most beautiful laugh , " Hanlon said . One of Cherice 's peers at a church counseling group broke the news to Hanlon in 2008 : Cherice , then 14 , had been raped by Stacey Rambold , a business teacher at Billings Senior High School . He was 35 years older than Cherice . Hanlon set aside her disappointment that Cherice had n't confided in her and called the police . As news of the sexual assault disseminated through their hometown of Billings , Montana , Cherice was ostracized and bullied . Her mood grew darker . As Rambold 's case traversed the court system -- during which the teacher confessed to repeatedly raping the girl in his home , car and office in 2007 -- Hanlon came home one day to find Cherice in Hanlon 's bed , dead from a self-inflicted gunshot wound . It was February 6 , 2010 -- 2 1/2 weeks shy of Cherice 's 17th birthday . This week , hundreds of protesters converged on a park adjacent to Yellowstone County Courthouse , armed with a petition thousands of signatures strong , demanding that the judge who handed Rambold a 30-day jail sentence after Cherice 's suicide step down . He would recant and apologize later , but Judge G. Todd Baugh defended the sentence at the time by saying that Cherice looked older than her age and that the 14-year-old was as much in control of the situation as Rambold . Cherice was tough , determined and certainly strong-willed , her mother said . Her raw honesty often offended people , and she rarely shied away from telling someone how she felt . But how could she be in control ? Especially being two years younger than Montana 's age of consent ? Her mother wonders . Hanlon has done numerous interviews in her quest to unseat Baugh from the bench he 's held since 1984 and prompt a judicial review of the case . On Friday , she took a break from rehashing the rape , suicide and sentencing to look back on her daughter -- not the victim , but the older sister to John , Buck and Aulyicia who believed in unicorns and loved strawberry cheesecake , camping and making sandwiches . "  She could probably out-cook Subway -- vegetables on everything , " her mother said . In many ways Cherice was a typical kid . Her mother called her "  Dada , " a play on "  daughter , " while everyone else called her Cherry , the name her aunt gave her the day she was born . She enjoyed walking the family 's pit bulls , Demon and Kitty , one named for a character in "  Snow Dogs , " the other named for fun . A 15-year-old Cherice banged up a car and the backyard fence trying to take the canines for a ride , Hanlon said . Mother and daughter were always introducing each other to new things . Cherice gave her mom the "  Cirque du Freak " vampire series , and Hanlon reciprocated by acquainting Cherice with Stephen Donaldson 's "  The Chronicles of Thomas Covenant . " Hanlon 's fondness for the supernatural went only so far , though . Cherice would have to go elsewhere to watch her scary movies . "  I do n't do horror flicks , " Hanlon said . The two shared plenty of other interests , though -- namely music . Hanlon enjoyed listening to Puddle of Mudd , Will Smith and Cherice 's favorite band , Nickelback , while her daughter grew to love Pink Floyd and Melissa Etheridge . "  We 'd be down in the living room -- crank it up , open the windows , open the doors and she danced , " Hanlon said , recalling how she and Cherice listened to their favorite tunes . "  She was a pretty good headbanger , and she had the hair for it . " Cherice also loved the outdoors . She 'd climb "  the Rimrocks , " the scenic sandstone bluffs overlooking Billings from where Hanlon , as a kid , would try to throw rocks at airplanes leaving the nearby airport . When the family went to Delmo Lake or Red Lodge -- two of Cherice 's favorite camping spots -- she 'd refuse to take shelter in the motor home . She and her close friend , Tiffany , would stay outside in Cherice 's battered tent , which leaked . The pair got soaked several times , Hanlon said . In school , Cherice often excelled . Her teachers described her as gifted -- both academically and artistically -- and an energetic hard worker . She was insatiably curious , and if she did n't know the answer to something , "  she was the type who was going to look it up , " her mother said . Yet despite her intelligence , her grades would occasionally flag , not because she could n't grasp the subject matter but because it did n't interest her , her mother said . The arts , thankfully , always intrigued her , whether it manifested itself in dance or her abstract doodles . She also enjoyed poetry , and Hanlon described her daughter 's style as "  darker , " reminiscent of Edgar Allan Poe . But that was n't always the case . Hanlon recalls Cherice 's last gift to her . Her daughter asked what she wanted for Christmas , and Hanlon replied that she 'd like a poem . Cherice scribed an ode to her and her mother 's relationship . Asked to describe the sonnet , Hanlon hesitated before finding the words . "  We scrap . But in the end , we love , no matter what -- that sort of thing . "	Mother looks back fondly on daughter 's eccentricities after 2010 suicide Montana teacher admitted to raping teen numerous times in 2007 Protests erupt after judge hands down 30-day sentence for Stacey Rambold Cherice Moralez loves dancing , music , outdoors , reading and poetry
CNN  -- Mexican pop singer Kalimba was deported from the United States to Mexico after U.S. Border Patrol agents arrested him for an immigration violation , state media reported . He was arrested in El Paso , Texas , Thursday afternoon , U.S. Border Patrol spokesman Ramiro Cordero said . On Wednesday , a judge in the state of Quintana Roo issued an arrest warrant for the singer , whose full name is Kalimba Kadjhali Marichal Ibar , according to the state-run Notimex news agency . Prosecutors allege that he raped a teen there in December . In an interview with CNN affiliate Televisa earlier this month , Kalimba denied the accusations and said he had not attacked anyone . "  There are many details that are very easy to criticize , judge or imagine , " he said , but he urged the public to use logic when considering the case , which has received extensive coverage in Mexican media . A Mexican Attorney General 's Office spokesman told Notimex on Thursday that the singer would be transported soon to Quintana Roo . Wednesday 's arrest warrant was issued a month after a 17-year-old girl was allegedly raped in a hotel there , Notimex reported . In the Televisa interview , Kalimba declined to answer a question about whether he had sexual relations with the teen 's consent . "  That I must testify before the prosecution and not on television , " he said . The teen 's uncle has asked a state human rights commission to help protect the family , which he said has been demonized since reporting the rape allegations to authorities , according to Notimex . The 28-year-old singer is a former member of the group OV7 . CNN en Español 's Mexico bureau contributed to this report .	NEW : In an interview with CNN affiliate Televisa , the singer denies the rape accusation The U.S. Border Patrol says Mexican singer Kalimba was arrested in El Paso , Texas He is accused of raping a teen in a hotel in the Mexican state of Quintana Roo A judge there issued a warrant for his arrest on Wednesday
COVINGTON , Louisiana  CNN  -- The suspect in the shooting of a woman killed during a Ku Klux Klan initiation has at least a seven-year history of Klan activity , according to an organization that tracks hate groups nationwide . Relatives describe Cynthia Lynch as having a deep need to feel wanted and eager to join groups . Raymond "  Chuck " Foster , 44 , was the founding Imperial Wizard , or national leader , of the Southern White Knights of the Ku Klux Klan , a Klan faction formed January 1 , 2001 , in Watson , Louisiana , according to the Southern Poverty Law Center . "  During the next three years , the group developed chapters in three other states while maintaining a low profile , " the Montgomery , Alabama-based center said on its Web site . By 2004 , the Southern White Knights had chapters in Savannah , Georgia ; Homosassa Springs , Florida ; and Marion , Ohio . Its founding chapter relocated to Denham Springs , Louisiana . The group disbanded in early 2005 , the center said . Foster faces second-degree murder charges in the death of Cynthia Lynch , 43 , of Tulsa , Oklahoma . Watch how an initiation rite went wrong " Authorities said Lynch was recruited over the Internet and took a bus to Slidell , Louisiana , where she was met by two Klan members . The three went to a campsite in the woods near Sun , Louisiana , about 60 miles north of New Orleans , where they met other members of the group . Capt. George Bonnett of the St. Tammany Parish Sheriff 's Department and Sheriff Jack Strain gave CNN this account of what happened : During the initiation rite , members of the Klan group , which calls itself the Sons of Dixie , shaved Lynch 's head . After 24 hours of drills , including chanting and running with torches , she asked to be taken to town . An argument began , and the group 's leader , Foster , allegedly pushed her to the ground and shot her to death without warning . Lynch wanted to leave the campsite because she was homesick , investigators concluded after talking to Lynch 's family in Tulsa . After the shooting , "  Foster , we believe , removed a knife from his pocket and rolled over the victim and began a process of trying to remove the bullet from her body ... because he was trying to destroy evidence where law enforcement would not be able to piece these things together , " Strain said . Other members of the Sons of Dixie helped cover up the slaying for Foster , their leader or "  Grand Lordship , " Strain added . The attempt to conceal the killing included burning the woman 's personal items , Strain said . The Southern Poverty Law Center said it is unaware of any Klan group operating under the name Dixie Brotherhood or Sons of Dixie , names that have surfaced in media reports of Lynch 's death . However , the organization said it is aware that last year , a new Klan group calling itself the Dixie Rangers Knights of the Ku Klux Klan formed in Walker , Louisiana , about 80 miles from where the slaying took place . "  It 's unclear at this point if the Dixie Rangers and the Dixie Brotherhood/Sons of Dixie are one and the same , " the center said . The FBI said Thursday that it is assisting local authorities in the case . The FBI 's top agent in New Orleans said the agency usually does n't monitor specific groups but will look into whether federal laws were violated . "  The FBI is working closely with local law enforcement authorities investigating this recent incident , " Special Agent in Charge David W. Welker said . He added that the FBI would "  aggressively investigate " any leads . Sheriff 's investigators said they received the initial tip from a convenience store clerk . Two of the group members went into the store and asked the clerk whether he knew how to get bloodstains out of their clothes , Strain said . The clerk told them no and called the sheriff after they left . Officials tracked down the two members and arrested them . Authorities established telephone contact with other members of the group who were still at the campsite and let them know law enforcement officials were on their way . They surrendered without incident . Foster was elsewhere in the woods , but he also surrendered , the sheriff said . The woman 's body was found under loose brush along a road several miles from the campsite . At the campsite , investigators found Confederate flags , KKK banners , five Klan robes and an Imperial Wizard robe . Foster was taken to the St. Tammany Parish jail , and no bail has been set , authorities said . Seven other suspects were jailed , charged with obstruction of justice . Bail for each was set at $ 500,000 . On Wednesday , sheriff 's investigators searched a house Foster had rented for the past five years in Bogalusa . They found Klan paraphernalia , documents and computer files . Among the seized documents were membership applications , titles and a chain of command for group members "  We recovered various documents out of that home that are giving us an indication of the organizational structure and the organizational guidelines of the group , " Bonnett said . Fred Oswold , chief of criminal investigations for the sheriff 's office , said that the Sons of Dixie group is small and that those arrested make up most of its membership . "  So far , we have learned that they were a small group , but they were fairly organized , " said Oswold , who said his agency is working with the FBI to learn more about the group . CNN 's Katie Ross contributed to this report .	NEW : Chuck Foster started Southern White Knights in 2001 , group says Foster shot Cynthia Lynch after she became homesick , police say Louisiana Klan group called itself the Sons of Dixie Foster , 44 , charged with second-degree murder ; seven others jailed
CNN  -- What level of privacy will we have online in the future ? Will people share their personal data freely in exchange for more customized service ? Or will they become fiercely protective of private information , using tools and browsers that protect their identity from advertisers and other third parties ? Privacy experts from Facebook , Google , Mozilla and Microsoft have been tackling these big questions this week at the RSA security conference in San Francisco . Public changes to privacy policies , like the ones that make news when Facebook or Google change their settings , are just a small part of the story . Behind the scenes , these companies have full-time staffs of privacy experts , lawyers and engineers who are juggling an array of privacy demands . In addition to what the users expect , there are government regulations , industry standards and rules that vary across operating systems . Companies that provide free services , such as search engines or social networks , have to strike the right balance between respecting their customers ' privacy concerns and serving advertisers . "  It 's important and easy for everyone to acknowledge that much of the incredible growth of the Internet today has been fueled by advertising , " said Keith Enright , Google 's senior privacy counsel . "  I believe that will continue to be true . " For Web titans , the money still flows in from advertisers , not consumers . Facebook made $ 4.2 billion , or 84 % of its revenue , from online advertising in 2012 . Google saw $ 43.6 billion in advertising last year , accounting for almost 95 % of the company 's revenue . Customers ' leverage They may not be paying for the services directly , but customers still have a lot of power -- and companies know that they need to listen . People can switch to another browser , ditch Facebook and go back to writing e-mails , stop Googling and start Binging . And privacy is becoming more and more important to them . "  Privacy is increasingly becoming a feature , " said Brendon Lynch , Microsoft 's chief privacy officer . The customer demand for stronger data controls led to the introduction of the "  do not track " feature . "  Do not track " is a setting that can be now found on all the major browsers : Firefox , Internet Explorer , Chrome and Safari . When turned on , it asks sites not to track that person 's online activities . A Microsoft survey found that 75 % of people were concerned about online tracking and thought the setting should be turned on by default . "  Do not track " seems like a clear , smart option to give consumers , but it has has been difficult to enforce . There are talks under way by the World Wide Web Consortium  W3C  , an international organization that develops standards for the Web , to make it official . However , advertisers and other third parties are pushing back . Changes to consumers ' data , like "  do not track , " can come at the expense of advertisers , creating friction . When Mozilla recently announced that it was testing a feature that disabled third-party cookies by default in its Firefox browser , the general counsel for the Interactive Advertising Bureau called it "  a nuclear first strike " against the ad industry on Twitter . "  We ca n't just sit back and allow the industry to just continue to ignore a core component of the user experience online , " said Alex Fowler , Mozilla 's global privacy and public policy leader . The issues will become only more complex in the future , when small sensors and devices that can track things like location , fitness and environment become ubiquitous . The more devices that connect to the Internet , from smart cars to home thermostats , the more data there are about a person to collect . Location data are already being tagged on to photos , tweets and other online actions when people use their mobile phones . For many people , they are considered private data , whether they show where someone is at that exact moment or where they 've been over time . "  How can you take the data , make it less sensitive but still make it of value to the user ? " asked Lynch . Balancing privacy and usefulness According to the panelists , personal data such as location have many potentially positive uses , for individuals as well as advertisers . Consider the wealth of location-based tools already in use , such as food recommendations , social apps and dating services . There will probably be future options that strike a balance between sharing information and cutting off all data . Not everyone will want the same level of privacy , so options and customization will have to be made available . People could share their location information on a case-by-case basis but still stay anonymous . They might choose to have a persistent anonymous ID for location-based services , so that their location history and other data can be used without connecting them to a specific person . It 's also possible that over the next five to 10 years , people 's attitudes toward privacy and their data will change , and they 'll be willing to share more personal information , attached to their real-world identity , in exchange for more heavily customized computing experiences . "  You do n't want to punish the user who cares about privacy by saying , ` Give it up or do n't participate , ' " Fowler said . For the people who do n't want to share at all , one option floated at the panel was to charge for the services and jettison the ads . This kind of either/or option is popping up in the mobile-app world and with services like Pandora . Free versions come with ads , but for a price , people can upgrade to the ad-free experience . A paid subscription option is unlikely to come to the big services people are used to getting for free , such as Facebook . Erin Egan , Facebook 's chief privacy officer , said that one of the chief requests from users is that the company never charge for the service . The lengthy privacy policies , thick with legalese , that most services use now will never go away , but better controls will probably emerge . Whatever the tools are used to protect and collect personal data in the future , it will be important for companies like Facebook and Google to educate their consumers and to provide them with options for all levels of privacy .	Companies like Facebook and Google must balance advertiser and customer data demands All major browsers now offer a "  do not track " setting , but it is difficult to enforce Privacy settings will probably become more customizable and easier to understand
CNN  -- These are tough times for hard-working families . Too many Americans are either unemployed or underemployed . Families are juggling bills they ca n't pay . Many believe they are working harder but only falling farther and farther behind . Worse yet , some Americans have given up looking for work altogether . According to the June unemployment report , the number of Americans actively searching for a job is at a three-decade low . Of those who found a job , nearly one in three had to settle for part-time work . So , it may be surprising to learn that more than 4.5 million open jobs went unfilled the month before . Although several factors contributed to these numbers , in this weak economy , many Americans are not equipped with the necessary knowledge and training for high-demand careers in the changing 21st century job market . Fifty-two percent of adults have not been trained with the literacy skills needed for success in the workforce . And two-thirds of Americans with disabilities do not participate in the workforce at all . The status quo is n't working . There are more than 50 workforce development programs spread across nine federal agencies meant to help people find meaningful employment . These programs are well intended , but unfortunately , even with a price tag of nearly $ 18 billion each year to taxpayers , very few have been evaluated to determine if the programs even work . Simply put : Our nation 's job training system is overly complex and terribly failing those who need it most . That 's why we are proud to support the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act  H.R. 803  which renews our nation 's workforce training laws for the first time in more than a decade . This overwhelmingly bipartisan bill , which passed the House earlier this week , will improve our nation 's workforce development system , improve job opportunities for the underemployed , and , most importantly , help put millions of unemployed Americans back to work . In this stagnant economy , it is more important than ever that we create a system to prepare workers for 21st century jobs and help businesses find the skilled employees needed to grow a healthy economy . The Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act improves the workforce development system by eliminating 15 duplicative programs , empowering local boards to tailor training services to their region 's specific needs , and supporting access to real-world education and development through on-the-job training . This bipartisan bill also aligns workforce development programs with economic development and education initiatives . Furthermore , it lets businesses identify in-demand skills and connect workers with the opportunities to build those skills . By demanding more effective and more accountable government programs , the act will reform the workforce development system in a way that will provide real results to those searching for jobs at a lower cost to taxpayers . The bill is a great example of what Congress can accomplish when both sides come to the table to work toward the common good . While it took a more than a year for the Senate to get on board , once implemented , the act will help Americans -- from recent college graduates to veterans to dads looking for work since the recession began -- find good-paying jobs that build a foundation for easier lives and more opportunities . So , what 's next ? The bill is headed to the President 's desk because Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid chose to finally work with Republicans . We hope he will do the same with dozens of other jobs bills collecting dust in the United States Senate . After all , while this legislation is a step in the right direction , there is much more work to do to build a healthy economy . Join us on Facebook.com / CNNOpinion .	Rep. Luke Messer , 11 other GOP members back Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act The act , they say , hopes to update job training laws and put millions back to work They say there are already more than 50 programs costing $ 18 billion each year The bill will eliminate 15 programs seen as duplicative and retool training needs locally
CNN  -- In a poll published last week by the American magazine Consumer Reports , 71 % of adults polled confessed to being very concerned about Internet companies abusing their personal information . But what this poll failed to ask was whether we fear governmental abuse of our online data as much as abuse from private companies . So who do you fear more taking advantage of your online information : private Internet companies or the government ? Forget Orwell . Forget the totalitarian Big Brother in "  Nineteen Eighty-Four . " For a more prescient glimpse of our electronically networked future , read "  Surveillance , " Jonathan Raban 's chilling 2007 novel about a paranoid society where everybody , particularly the snooping government , has become a voyeur of other people 's lives . "  We 're all spooks now , " one character tells another . "  Look at the way people Google their prospective dates . Everybody does it . Everybody 's trying to spy on everybody else . " Yes , in our creepy social media world of Facebook , Google + and Twitter , we can all become spooks . Indeed , as Wikileaks founder , Julian Assange noted , Facebook -- with its nearly billion members spewing out massive amounts of personal data -- "  is the most appalling spying machine that has been ever invented . " But , in today 's radically transparent networked world where even spookery has been democratized , nobody does surveillance quite as effectively as the government . And in a contemporaneous political culture shaped by paranoia about crime and terrorism , governmental surveillance may be threatening to undermine our intrinsic individual rights to privacy . Raban 's "  Surveillance " is permeated by this paranoia . "  It 's the t-t-t-talk of terrorism that t-terrorizes me , " one character in the novel confesses . Yes , and it 's this t-t-t-talk of terrorism , I 'm afraid , that is now being used by the paranoid British government to justify its creation of an electronic surveillance state . Described by critics as the online "  snooping " plan , the British government is trying to give the Home Office 's monitoring agency , Government Communications Headquarters  GCHQ  , new powers to "  in certain circumstances " monitor our Skype calls , instant-messages , emails and other online communications . The intended legislation requires "  communications service providers "  ISPs and email providers  to install "  Deep Packet Inspection "  DPI  technology hardware which would give GCHQ the ability , without a warrant , to monitor and intercept the times , dates , frequency and addresses  but not the actual content  of our online calls , emails and instant-messaging communications . So why ? How is the British government justifying such a flagrant disregard of its citizens ' basic right to privacy by giving GCHQ the right to inspect the details of our private online correspondence ? It 's the t-t-t-talk of terrorism . As CNN reported last week , the British Home Office argued that these intended laws were vital "  in certain circumstances to investigate serious crime and terrorism and to protect the public . " And , a "  highly placed source " told The Telegraph about its fear of losing terrorists on the Internet , "  we need to take action to maintain the continued availability of communications data to the police and other agencies investigating criminality . " It 's not just Britain , however , where government surveillance is threatening to undermine our right to private online communications . As The New York Times noted last week , GCHQ is run "  in close collaboration with the National Security Agency  NSA  in the United States " . And as The Telegraph notes , both the NSA and the US department of Defense are already using Deep Packet Inspection technology -- in the name , of course , of the war against terrorism - to monitor Internet traffic in the US . Worse still , a privacy group called Privacy International has identified British , American , German and Israeli companies who are exporting spooky technologies like DPI hardware and equally sophisticated software products like "  optical cyber solutions " that enable mass surveillance of large scale populations , to repressive regimes in the Middle East such as Yemen , Egypt , Syria and Iran . As Jo Glanville , the editor of Index on Censorship , asks , "  how can Western democracies back the fight for freedom in the Middle East while Western companies supply surveillance equipment to authoritarian governments in the same region ? " The use of surveillance technology by authoritarian regimes is n't , of course , only limited to the Middle East . In China , for example , dissidents like the artist Ai Weiwei are under constant state surveillance 24 hours a day . Indeed , last week , the Chinese authorities shut down a website , www.weiweicam.com , through which Weiwei was streaming live video of his own home via four webcams as a satirical statement against the surveillance regime in Beijing . "  Byebye to all voyeurs , " Weiwei tweeted after his self-surveillance cameras were switched off . If only we could really bid adieu to all voyeurs . But the truth is that digital technologies such as DPI are enabling governments -- in the name of investigating criminals or terrorists -- to snoop more and more intimately upon us . And this is only going to get worse as we invent more and more invasive technologies that capture our most personal data . Take , for example , Google 's augmented reality glasses which , with their ability to follow us everywhere we go , the Forbes columnist Kashmir Hill suggests , could "  make a persistent , pervasive surveillance state inevitable . " I 'm not so sure about the inevitability of this surveillance state . But just as we need laws to protect us from Internet companies that seek to abuse our personal data , so we also need protection from today 's snooping state . The EU commissioner of Justice , Viviane Reding is pressing for the European Parliament to establish "  right to be forgotten " legislation that would establish strict rules for how private companies use our data . "  Worries about online privacy are one of the most frequent reasons for why people do n't buy goods and services on the Web , " Reding wrote in February . "  Our confidence in a digital future will depend on whether we know that our data will be safely protected . " Yes , Reding is correct . There is definitely a need to regulate private companies like Facebook and Google whose appetite for our most intimate data appears insatiable . But as we begin to worry about the snooping state , perhaps we need to consider the idea of broader "  right to be forgotten " legislation directed against intelligence services like GCHQ or NSA , that would protect our private data in a digitally networked age where everyone , especially the government , is becoming a spook . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Andrew Keen .	The UK government has suggested new powers for monitoring of digital communications "  in certain circumstances . " Keen : Such surveillance is threatening to undermine citizens ' rights to private online communications . The use of surveillance technology now extends beyond authoritarian regimes , says Keen . Keen backs digital "  right to be forgotten " legislation proposed by some legislators
With Florida finally called and the 2012 presidential election falling into the rear view mirror , here 's a look at another reason why President Barack Obama won re-election : The Democrats held their "  blue wall " -- the cluster of eastern , Midwest and western states that have traditionally gone Democratic and were crucial to his victory . "  Democrats held the entire ` blue wall ' . They have now won 18 states in at least six consecutive elections , the most states they have won that often ever , since the formation of the modern party system in 1828 , " says CNN Senior Political Analyst and National Journal Editorial Director Ron Brownstein . What states make up this so-called "  blue wall " ? When history speaks : Lincoln 's three lessons for an Obama second term Start in the Mid-Atlantic and head north into New England : Maryland , Delaware , Pennsylvania , New Jersey , New York , Connecticut , Rhode Island , Massachusetts , Vermont and Maine . The only state not included in this list is New Hampshire , a perennial swing state . Add three West Coast states  California , Oregon , and Washington State  and Hawaii , and the reliably blue Midwestern states  Illinois , Michigan , Minnesota , and Wisconsin  . Put all those states together and add the District of Columbia , and you total 242 electoral votes . That 's a nice starting point for any Democratic nominee , considering that 270 is the magic number needed to win the White House . CNN Electoral College map : You do the math Many of the October public opinion polls indicated the president with the slight edge in the eight swing states  according to CNN 's electoral map  . That may explain why Romney became the latest GOP presidential nominee to try to make a last-minute bid to breach the "  blue wall , " with moves in Pennsylvania , Minnesota and Michigan . But once again , it did n't work . As the nation 's demographics continue to shift , New Mexico and even Nevada may eventually be added to the "  blue wall , " making the GOP 's path to the presidency increasingly difficult . "  Until Republicans can crack the ` blue wall , ' Democrats start with a base of 242 Electoral College votes , which means a GOP nominee must thread the needle , or practically run the table , to get to 270 , " adds Brownstein . The Republicans , on the other hand , have their "  red wall " -- the large southern , Plains and Mountain states that cover a lot of geography but not as many electoral votes , like Utah , Idaho , Texas , Mississippi , South Carolina and others . But together , the "  red wall " only nets Republicans 177 electoral votes at most . The big question confronting Republicans : "  how to crack that wall " ? With director Steven Spielberg 's new film "  Lincoln " opening to critical praise , CNN Polling Director Keating Holland sees a comparison of today 's "  blue wall " to the coalition of states that put Republican Abraham Lincoln in the White House in 1860 . Avlon : Election a call for purple politics "  There are some differences : Washington and Hawaii were n't in the Union at the time and Delaware and Maryland were slave-holding states . Lincoln also added New Hampshire , Iowa and Indiana to the list of "  blue wall " states in order to win the White House , " says Holland . "  The GOP was the ` big government ' party back then , willing to use the government 's power not just to resolve the slavery issue , but also for big government programs like the Transcontinental Railroad , the land-grant college program , and the Homestead Act -- all projects which a lot of Democrats opposed at the time as going beyond the bounds of the government 's authority . The parties have changed sides , but it looks like the underlying attitudes in those states that put them in the ` blue wall ' category may be similar to what they were in Lincoln 's time , " adds Holland .	` Blue wall ' states traditionally go Democratic in presidential elections Those states accounted for 242 of the 270 electoral votes needed to win the White House Republican ` red wall , ' on the other hand , only makes up 177 electoral votes , at most
CNN  -- Meeting planner Gail Murphy heard about the travel warning to Mexico too late in the day on Monday to do anything about her plans to head to Cancun the following day . Alberto Morales wore a mask on his flight from Mexico City to Denver , Colorado , on Monday . "  I 'm in good health , " said Murphy , who is heading to the Eighth Annual Mexico Showcase and Travel Expo from her home in Shelburne , Vermont . "  I 'm a risk taker , so I 'll go anyway . " In light of the swine flu , the U.S. State Department and the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention issued a warning against any non-essential travel to Mexico . The move could potentially devastate an already struggling tourism industry in the country . The World Health Organization urged countries not to restrict international travel or close borders , as such measures would not in themselves stem the outbreak . Efforts to contain the outbreak by restricting travel would be unlikely to work without "  draconian measures , " said Dr. Keiji Fukuda , the agency 's assistant director-general . But he said people who are ill should put off trips abroad , and people who fall ill after a trip should see a doctor . Mexico is the epicenter for the swine influenza virus outbreak . More than 100 deaths in Mexico are being investigated as possibly tied to the outbreak . The WHO confirmed 73 cases of swine flu Monday , but health officials in Scotland , California and Texas confirmed nine more , bringing the worldwide total to 82 . Reports of the illness in Mexico could n't have come at a worse time for the country 's tourism industry , which is already grappling with negative publicity about drug-cartel fueled violence . "  They were having a terrible time anyway with all of the problems on the border and now to be hit with this , too , " said Barbara Nassau , owner of New York-based In House Travel Solutions . She added that the outbreak has the potential to hamper travel similar to the way it was affected when bird flu hit China . iReporter Dyana Pari Nafissi works in international business development in Mexico City and said tourism in the country had already been dealt a blow by fears of violence . iReport.com : Watch Dyana discuss what 's happening in Mexico "  We 've been on a steady decline since the first U.S. travel warning about the drug cartels , " she said . "  When you look at the kids that braved -LSB- that travel warning -RSB- , and now they are back -LSB- in the U.S. -RSB- and they are sick . It 's devastating to the economy here . " Some of the confirmed cases in the United States were high school students who recently returned from a trip to Mexico . News of the outbreak did n't seem to overly concern travelers arriving Monday at Denver International Airport on a Mexicana flight from Mexico City . Two Mexicana crew members who did n't want to be named said about 60 percent of the passengers wore masks during the flight . Ernesto Vargas , a Mexican businessman , did n't wear a mask . "  I thought about carrying one with me , but the crew was n't wearing a mask . So we asked them , and it seemed quite safe . " Alberto Morales , another businessman , said he wore a mask in the Mexico City airport and on the plane . "  Yes . I have a mask , and we are using the mask . " Is he concerned ? "  Do n't worry , I am OK , " he said with a laugh . "  People are afraid about the flu , but we have many precautions and the government has a good sense for this trouble , " Morales said . Ian Jeffries , a spokesman for Expedia.com , said the company had no data as of Monday on cancellations or changes caused by fear of swine flu , but added that it was prepared to aid any of its customers that had concerns . "  Expedia is currently offering to waive Expedia-imposed change and cancel fees for hotel and air reservations originally booked to Mexico , " he said . "  We will continue to monitor the situation and modify our policy accordingly . " Several major U.S. airlines also are waiving fees for those who want to change their travel plans to Mexico . Jeffery Brown arrived at the airport in Atlanta , Georgia , on Monday after spending five days in Cancun with his wife . They saw people in surgical masks but did n't notice any widespread concern . "  My wife and I were a little concerned , but you know we have n't seen anybody sick in our resort , and we have n't seen anybody sick at the airport , " he said . "  Nobody said a word about it -LSB- at the resort -RSB- . " Mexico is n't the only country that potentially has a tourism headache on its hands . Cases of swine flu have also popped up in Canada and Spain as well as the United States and Scotland . Watch how businesses might be affected by swine flu " Steve Weakland , border security coordinator for the United States Customs and Border Protection Atlanta field office , said all of his personnel have received illness recognition training . If a traveler exhibits symptoms of the disease , CBP employees have been trained to inform the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention to further investigate . "  Our guys are more the recognition aspect of it , " Weakland said . "  We would n't make any diagnosis or anything along those lines . " Teresa Roberts planned to take her mom to Akumal , Mexico , for Mother 's Day and said she was more worried about traveling to New York for business than she is about contracting swine flu south of the border . "  Just because of the number of different travelers that go through the airports in New York from all around the world , " said Roberts who flies about two or three weeks a month from her home in Atlanta , Georgia . "  I 'm not nervous about going to Mexico at all . " Many in the tourism industry appeared to be taking a wait-and-see approach . Disney Cruise Lines , which does not sail into Mexico , said it is closely monitoring the situation , as did officials for theme parks including Universal and Sea World in Orlando , Florida . Meg Barton travels several times a year to Mexico from her home in Round Rock , Texas , and also is n't overly worried . Because of her father 's recent heart surgery , she is already an avid hand washer and is always cautious about germs when abroad . "  I do n't drink a lot of water in Mexico ever , and I am really more concerned about the drug issues in Mexico than I am the swine flue , " Barton said . "  We take antibiotics and Pepto with us when we travel . " Eric Meyer of Lafayette , Colorado , flew in to Minneapolis-St . Paul with his wife and baby to visit family in Minnesota and lamented that "  It 's out there , but what can you do ? " "  Wash your hands maybe and call it good , " he added . "  Put a mask on ? -LSB- I 'm -RSB- not gon na go that far and be that guy yet . " Rochelle Yates said a client of her New York City-based Yates Travel is planning to take plenty of antiseptic products on an upcoming trip to Cancun . Most seasoned travelers know to guard against infectious disease ordinarily , Yates said . "  My clients are people who travel all over the world , and they know that you have to take precautions regardless , " Yates said . "  You have to wash your hands no matter where you are , if you are on a cruise ship , in a hotel or even in your own house . " CNN 's Chris Welch , Jim Spellman and Amy Zerba contributed to this story .	U.S. issues an advisory against non-essential travel to Mexico Tourism industry waiting to see effects of swine flu Mexico tourism already dealing with reports of violence Theme parks , cruise lines and others monitoring situation
CNN  -- This week is Nurses Week and hospitals across the country , I 'm sure , will celebrate it the same way mine does -- by not doing much . Last year we all got goodie bags that held confetti , hard candies and a small candle that was symbolic of helping us light our way . Another year all nurses who had worked five years or more got a beach towel emblazoned with the hospital logo . A beach towel ! Who would n't be excited about that , especially in land-locked western Pennsylvania ? The point is n't the swag , or lack thereof , but the paltriness of the gestures . Hospitals do not function well without nurses , and yet our institutions routinely devalue our work . A 2002 study published in the Journal of the American Medical Association , led by University of Pennsylvania School of Nursing professor Linda Aiken , revealed that as hospital nurses are assigned more and more patients to care for , the number of patients who die also goes up . Aiken 's study assumed a ratio of four patients to every one inpatient nurse , and found that for every additional patient "  in the average nurse 's workload , " the odds of a patient dying increased by 7 percent . New data just released by the same authors in Health Services Research confirms the earlier findings . In a tri-state analysis , the researchers found that adding a patient to nurses ' workloads increased patient mortality by 6 percent in Pennsylvania , 10 percent in New Jersey and 13 percent in California . The thinner nurses are spread in hospitals the greater the number of patients who die . It 's that simple . Improved nurse staffing keeps more patients alive because nurses are the canaries in the coal mine , or what Aiken 's article in JAMA called "  an around-the-clock surveillance system . " Fewer patients per nurse means that when a patient develops a serious problem , the nurse will be more likely to notice it and have time to address it : page the doctor , make sure needed drugs get ordered , suggest appropriate scans , and above all , continue to monitor the situation -- be ready to call a condition or "  code " if needed . Hospital patients are sicker than they were 20 years ago because advances in technology and improvements in overall care have meant that more very ill patients survive and end up in hospitals . These unstable patients can spiral down quickly . To ensure patient safety we nurses have to be vigilant , and we need time to do that well . With the advent of managed care , hospitals cut back on their nursing staffs as a way to save money and increase profitability , but that meant they cut back on patient safety , too . So , we nurses do n't want towels or party favors for Nurses Week . The best present of all would be hospital floors that always have enough nurses . A serious effort to reduce the amount of required documentation , giving us more time with patients in exchange for less time in front of the computer , would also be a welcome Nurses Week change . Or how about lunch ? Research by Dr. Ann Rogers and colleagues in the Journal of Nursing Administration in 2005 showed that nurses routinely work through their allotted lunch breaks in order to provide patient care . Indeed , on my floor , "  lunch " often means eating in front of the computer while we chart , shoveling down food before running off to give pain medication to a patient who needs it , or putting aside all thoughts of food while helping a patient who 's "  having trouble breathing . " Additionally , in many hospitals , nurses are not paid for the 30-minute lunch break we often work through . A quick Google search on "  nurses lunch unpaid " turns up multiple hits detailing class-action lawsuits filed against hospitals where nurses are not paid for a 30-minute "  lunch , " even though they spend that time working . Not paying nurses for a half-hour lunch break during which we all typically work is in conflict with the Fair Labor Standards Act , but hospitals must save millions of dollars a year by cheating nurses out of lunch . They save even more money by cutting back on nurse staffing in general . The unpaid and untaken lunch break is a symptom of nurses ' work being taken for granted . It represents the chasm separating the life and death value of our work , and the lack of institutional respect we are often accorded . Never forget that the flip side of an overworked nurse , with more patients than she can safely manage , is a dead patient who might have lived otherwise . So , what I would really like for Nurses Week is to have enough nurses to keep as many patients as possible alive . But I 'm a realist ; I 'm willing to start small . Let 's give nurses a real break during the day , or pay up for that half hour we work . This week is Nurses Week . It 's time for hospitals to stop getting a free lunch . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Theresa Brown .	Theresa Brown : This is Nurses Week , but hospitals do n't do much to honor nurses Brown : Studies show that as hospitals cut nursing staff , more patients die Better staffing , she writes , means more attention can be paid to patients Best gift for nurses would be enough staff -- or at least a paid lunch , she says
CNN  -- The company that inspected a Colorado cantaloupe farm at the center of a deadly listeriosis outbreak ignored federal regulators ' "  best and most timely " advice on processing produce , a congressional committee has found . The FDA cited "  serious design flaws " and a "  lack of awareness " of safety standards at Jensen Farms as the likely sources of the bacterial contamination behind the deaths . But in a report issued this week , congressional investigators found the company that conducted a July safety audit at the farm , Bio Food Safety , gave it near-perfect marks despite finding three "  major deficiencies . " In particular , it noted that the company washed its cantaloupe in water that was not treated with chlorine or any other anti-bacterial additive -- a process the FDA said was inconsistent with its recommendations and "  a probable cause of the contamination . " The inspector did not take points off for the finding , the report states . "  The guidance which Bio Food Safety did not consider in its audit represents the agency 's best and most timely advice on how processing should be handled , " the House Energy and Commerce Committee concluded in its bipartisan report . The September outbreak killed 30 people , triggered a miscarriage in one woman and sickened more than 115 others -- the deadliest outbreak of foodborne illness in more than a quarter-century , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . What is listeria monocytogenes ? Bio Food Safety President Jerry Walzel declined comment on the report Wednesday , citing a pending lawsuit . But he told committee investigators that his company followed FDA regulations , and the agency 's guidelines are "  opinions . " "  We are not supposed to be opinionated on this , " the report quotes Walzel . "  We are supposed to go by FDA 's regulations ... FDA should have mandated that you can not sell cantaloupes that have not been sanitized . " The report states that in 2010 , Walzel recommended Jensen Farms replace a water cooler used to chill the fruit before packaging , citing it as a potential safety "  hot spot . " The owners replaced the device in 2011 , buying equipment that had been used in a potato plant and refitting it . In October , the FDA found that equipment "  did not lend itself to be easily or routinely cleaned and sanitized , " allowing dirt to build up . It also criticized Jensen Farms for allowing water to pool on the floor of the packing facility : samples of that water tested positive for the bacteria behind the outbreak . Jensen Farms had not returned a phone call seeking comment Wednesday afternoon . The FDA does not regulate private auditors such as Bio Food Safety , a subcontractor for the company Jensen Farms hired to conduct inspections . Under a law passed in 2011 , the agency is required to set up an accreditation system and set standards for those firms .	The September listeria outbreak killed 30 people The FDA traced the outbreak to a Colorado farm Inspectors hired by the farm ignored FDA guidance , a new report finds The company told investigators it followed FDA rules
CNN  -- Italian giants Juventus have completed the signing of Brazil playmaker Diego from German Bundesliga club Werder Bremen in a $ 34 million deal . Brazil playmaker Diego , right , has completed his $ 34 million move to Juventus from Werder Bremen . The 24-year-old , who missed the recent UEFA Cup final defeat against Shakhtar Donetsk because of suspension , has penned a five-year contract with the Serie A giants . "  I am enthusiastic and delighted to be a part of such a prestigious club , " said Diego , whose contract at Werder Bremen was due to run until June 2011 . "  I have dreamed of this moment since I was a child . Diego joined three seasons ago from Porto and his Werder farewell will be in the German Cup final against Bayer Leverkusen at the weekend . "  After an experience in Portugal and in the Bundesliga , I will be able to prove my worth at a high level but difficult competition , " he added . "  It is the right time for me to take this important step and I am convinced that at Juventus I will be able to achieve great results . " Last week , Juventus announced that Italy captain Fabio Cannavaro is rejoining them after three years at Real Madrid . News of Cannavaro 's return came less than 24 hours after the club sacked coach Claudio Ranieri and replaced him with former player and youth coach Ciro Ferrara . Ferrara 's appointment had an immediate impact and Juventus are now level on points with AC Milan in second position after a 3-0 weekend victory at Siena . It was their first win in eight matches and guaranteed them Champions League action next season . The 35-year-old Cannavaro was voted world player of the year after leading Italy to World Cup glory in 2006 and has helped Real to achieve two title triumphs during his stay in Spain .	Italian giants Juventus have completed the signing of Brazil playmaker Diego The 24-year-old is leaving German club Werder Bremen in a $ 34million switch Juve said last week Italy captain Fabio Cannavaro will rejoin from Real Madrid
Shanghai  CNN  -- When Yao Ming retired from professional basketball seven months ago , there were fears that interest in the NBA among China 's 1.3 billion people would dwindle . But now the former Houston Rockets center -- one of the most successful overseas players in the league 's history -- could be forgiven for feeling like yesterday 's star in China thanks to Jeremy Lin , the American-born New York Knicks point guard with roots in mainland China and Taiwan . "  We have a lot of talented young athletes here who are passionate about basketball , " Yao told CNN in an interview Wednesday . "  They all want be the next Jeremy . "  I think they can relate more to Jeremy because they 're more common-sized . " For Yao , 31 , who stands at seven feet six inches  2.29 meters  tall and remains a towering presence off court , Lin 's natural talent more than makes up for his below average six-foot-three-inch  1.91 meters  frame in the league . Cha : In Lin , China loves a winner "  The easy part is to find a strong basketball player -- I have the size ; Shaquille O'Neal : big and strong ; Kobe , LeBron , all those names , " he said . "  Jeremy has basketball IQ -- you ca n't program that . "  He 's the kind of player I 'd like to play with if I 'm still a player -- he 's a team player and everybody likes the way he wins a game , " he added . "  Honestly , he did much more than I 'd expected . " Lin , 23 , only recently a little known back-up player sitting on the Knicks bench , has been leading his team to a wave of recent victories without their established stars -- pulling off an average of 20 points and eight assists in six successive games . Halfway across the globe , Lin 's fan base on Sina Weibo , China 's top micro-blogging site , has already hit the two million mark , four times the number of his followers on Twitter . Inside the Yuanshen stadium Wednesday night , in between cheering Yao-owned Shanghai Sharks at a tight playoff game , local basketball enthusiasts gave a huge thumbs up to a player far from their court . Jeremy ` Lin-demand ' in China "  Jeremy Lin is great , " one man gushed . "  He plays so good -- lots of Chinese love him . " Another added : "  He was born in America , but his blood is Chinese . " Echoing this fan , Chinese media -- to the chagrin of its Taiwanese counterpart -- has been quick to claim Lin , whose parents emigrated from Taiwan but have family roots in mainland China . The two sides split after a Chinese civil war in the 1940s , but the Beijing government regards Taiwan as a renegade province that must be reunited with the mainland . Ever the sports diplomat , Yao has a simple answer to solve the contentious issue of Lin 's identity : "  He 's a great basketball player . " Politics aside , comparisons between the two seem inevitable . Shanghai native Yao grew up in China 's state-sponsored sports system and , amid much fanfare , was signed by the Rockets in 2002 as the NBA 's top overall pick . Paid $ 93 million by the league during his nine-year career , Yao scored an average of 19 points per game and was voted an All-Star player eight times . Lin , born and bred in California , was overlooked by most NBA teams before the Knicks picked him . Even with his new-found stardom , the Harvard graduate earns much less than many of his teammates . Despite their different paths to professional basketball , the two bonded through similar cultural experiences after meeting at an event for Yao 's charity two years ago . "  He gives a lot of hope to kids with the same background like his : Asian-Americans , second generation or maybe third , " Yao said of Lin 's recent achievements . "  They can follow his footprints and have more confidence in playing basketball . " While both have been called trailblazers , some argue it would be difficult for anyone to fill the void left by Yao , whose popularity helped the NBA franchise make huge inroads in the world 's most populous nation . "  I do n't think anybody in the NBA , from the Chinese perspective , will ever become a bigger star than Yao , " NBA commissioner David Stern told China Daily , the country 's official English-language newspaper , early this month . "  Yao was the first , the biggest and the most successful -- and he will always have a special place in the heart of NBA and Chinese fans . " "  Lin 's success  was wonderful for our league ... but I do n't want to overburden him with expectations , " he added . "  We have to see how he does in the next 300 games before we make any judgments . " Yao , however , appears to have made up his mind about Lin . The two talk on the phone or exchange messages after the younger player 's games . "  I know people talk about me giving him tips -- it 's really not that , " Yao said with a laugh . "  I just congratulated him and said I 'm happy for him . " "  I told him we 'll support him and I 'm a big fan of his . "	Yao Ming enjoyed huge success in the NBA while playing with the Hosuton Rockets Compared to American-born New York Knicks point guard Jeremy Lin , who has Chinese-Taiwanese roots Lin 's fan base on Sina Weibo , China 's top micro-blogging site , has already hit the two million mark The two players bonded after meeting at an event for Yao 's charity two years ago
CNN  -- Several hundred demonstrators clashed with officers in riot gear in Albuquerque , New Mexico , Sunday in a protest that raged for more than 12 hours , ending around midnight , CNN affiliate KOAT reported . The protesters were enraged by what they called police brutality in the March 16 shooting of James M. Boyd . KOAT reported that Boyd was homeless . The U.S. Justice Department has opened a criminal investigation into the shooting , as have the FBI and the U.S. Attorney 's Office for the District of New Mexico , the Justice Department said in a release . Meanwhile , arrests were made related to the protest , KOAT said . Mayor Richard Berry told the station that an officer was spat on and hit with a rock and another officer was trapped in a patrol car . Police shooting protest ` turns hostile ' The mayor praised the police department for how it handled the protest , saying officers did an "  exceptional job of de-escalating situations when we have protesters who obviously " want to "  escalate the situation . " "  We want people to be able to protest , " Berry added . But he said the demonstration was plagued by a "  smaller group of individuals whose main goal " was to "  put the public and themselves in danger . " According to KOAT , protesters began gathering at about noon Sunday , and made their way to the city 's Civic Plaza , the University of New Mexico and the Albuquerque Police Department . The University of New Mexico tweeted about the protest : "  Reports from the scene have informed us that tear gas has been deployed , arrests are being made , again please avoid the Johnson Field area . "	Protesters enraged by what they call police brutality , KOAT reports U.S. Justice Department , FBI are probing police-involved shooting earlier in March Affiliate : Albuquerque mayor praises how police handled protest
"  America 's favorite way to fly " has returned . Eastern Air Lines , which used that slogan in the 1980s , flew its first of 20 new planes into Miami International Airport on Friday afternoon . The event marks a relaunch of the once-bankrupt airline , which last flew in 1991 . According to an airline spokesperson , Eastern is now expected to take to the skies in March 2015 as a charter airline . That date is a few months delayed from the original hopes of CEO Ed Wegel , who said in January that the airline would start flights this month . In recent months , Eastern has ordered a fleet of 737-800 Boeing aircrafts . It has also held hiring events for flight attendants , as well as started the application process for pilots . On its website , Eastern says it will initially hire 10 captains and then add 25 to 30 pilots . Eastern Air Lines Group filed an application with the Department of Transportation earlier this year . It will be based in Miami , where Eastern was headquartered from 1927 to 1991 , when it was the largest employer in what was then known as Dade County . Wegel also said no decisions have been made on initial routes , but that the airline plans to restart as a provider of charter services initially and then build into scheduled service at a yet-to-be-determined date . He said the group bought the rights to the Eastern name and logo out of bankruptcy court in 2009 , but it had to wait until now to find the investor support needed to restart the airline . "  When you look at history since ' 78 , how many airlines started , how many did n't make it , it 's not a business for the faint of heart , " Wegel said in January . "  But we believe there are opportunities that will present themselves for us once we show we are a good airline operator . " According to the group 's website , Eastern was founded in 1927 and adopted its name in 1930 . It was a major carrier along the East Coast , pioneering the shuttle service from New York to Boston and Washington . Wegel said there were years in the 1980s when Eastern had the most passengers of any U.S. airline , because of the shuttle and its extensive Latin American route system . "  We 've done extensive surveys and polling on the name , " he said . "  It has 80 % recognition in Miami , and overall it has very positive name recognition still . " The airline was sold in 1986 and filed for bankruptcy protection in 1989 . Labor unrest and a drop-off in air traffic associated with the January 1991 Gulf War forced it out of business .	Revived Eastern Air Lines will be based in Miami It will start with charter flights and build to scheduled service Airline went bankrupt in 1986 , but new group bought rights to the name
Sanaa , Yemen  CNN  -- The death toll from a sophisticated attack by Islamic extremists against soldiers in Yemen jumped to 184 Tuesday , three Yemeni officials told CNN . Air raids on militant positions since the attack have left at least 42 militants dead in Abyan province , security officials said . The attack Sunday at an army base by Ansar al-Sharia , which is allied with al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula , originally claimed the lives of 90 soldiers and wounded many others . A spokesman for the Yemeni Embassy in Washington issued a statement giving a much lower death toll , saying "  73 martyrs " died in the "  battles in Abyan . " But officials on the ground in Abyan gave CNN the higher death toll . The attack "  illustrates AQAP 's complete disregard for human life , " U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said in a statement . She vowed that the United States will continue to support Yemen 's new President Abdurabu Hadi "  and the Yemeni people as they work to realize their aspirations for a brighter and more prosperous future . " The attack was a humiliating defeat to Yemen 's army in a power struggle against al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula . The militants seized large amounts of weaponry -- including rocket launchers , mortars , armored vehicles and tanks -- and appeared to have had help from within the security apparatus , according to Yemeni officials . The bloodbath took place near Zinjibar , a town on the Arabian Sea where Ansar al-Sharia has been active for nearly a year . One Yemeni official , who declined to be identified because he was not authorized to speak to the media , said militants began attacking an army base from the east , drawing the fire of troops , and then began attacking from the other side of the base . The "  reinforcement response was too slow , " he said , adding that was partly because of sandstorms in the area . "  Troops were basically slaughtered by the militants . The attacks happened so suddenly ; and this time they were more organized than we expected , " one senior security official said . On Monday , more attacks took place . Al Qaeda-linked militants occupied a Republican Guard garrison in the province of Baitha before the Yemeni army overtook it , a Yemeni government official said . A police chief in Aden 's 6th precinct survived an assassination attempt , but his bodyguard was killed , the government official said . It was unclear who was behind the attack , but al Qaeda-linked militants have stepped up assassinations . "  Political bickering " is under way about what to do in the province of Abyan , where the attack occurred , as politicians play a blame game over why such violence has been on the rise , the official said . Meanwhile , U.S. trainers are helping the Yemeni government in its effort to retake al-Kowd , the town in Abyan closest to the military base where Sunday 's attack occurred , two Yemeni security officials said . U.S. officials had no immediate confirmation . Air attacks went on through the night Monday and into Tuesday morning in an effort to kill militants and destroy their tanks and other vehicles , the officials said . Hundreds of troops were deployed to Abyan , and nearly 1,000 more will reach the province by Tuesday night , the Interior Ministry said . "  This will take time , but the government will not be lenient when dealing with terrorist groups , " said Ali Obaid , a spokesman for the military committee . Militants were weakened by government raids on their hideouts in Ansar al-Sharia , he said . At least 146 troops have been wounded since Saturday , security officials said . Experts warn that al Qaeda is planning to conduct powerful attacks in six Yemeni provinces . Abdul Salam Mohammed , director of the Sanaa-based Abaad Strategic Center , said pamphlets belonging to al Qaeda were distributed to residents informing them of the attacks to come . "  This is just the beginning , and al Qaeda attacks will spread quickly in March . Security authorities must be on high alert or risk seeing another bloodbath like the one in Abyan , " Mohammed said . "  Sanaa , Baitha , Hadramout , Aden and Shabwa provinces are all on the al Qaeda hit list . " CNN 's Hakim Almasmari , Mohammed Jamjoom and Josh Levs contributed to this report .	NEW : 184 soldiers were killed in the Sunday attack , Yemeni officials say NEW : A Yemeni government spokesman in Washington gives a much lower death toll 42 militants have been killed in air raids , according to Yemeni officials The militants were with Ansar al-Sharia , which is allied with al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula
CNN  -- Barack Obama is a married man but there 's another woman with a hold on him that his wife can never match : she runs the House . Nancy Pelosi has been an easy target for Republican ire . She is Nancy Pelosi , the Democratic speaker of the House of Representatives , the most powerful woman in Washington and lately , a target for Republicans . Pelosi is easy to spot in any crowd of U.S. politicians ; she 's the small brown-haired woman in the smartly tailored suit . Conservatives like to stereotype some Democrats as rich , isolated and out-of-touch . As the wife of an affluent investment banker , the always expertly coiffed Pelosi looks like exactly the kind of "  Limousine Liberal " they 're talking about . Ironically , it 's money that makes her powerful . Under the U.S. constitution , the president ca n't spend a penny without the permission of Congress . Within the Congress , the Senate has its own powers but the House is the place where taxes and spending start . So almost every one of Obama 's plans needs a push from Pelosi . Maybe that 's part of the reason she 's in trouble right now . The issue is n't really part of her daily duties : "  waterboarding " and other extreme interrogation tactics used against prisoners in the Bush era . Obama ordered an end to the harsh methods , but Republicans are asking why Democrats who knew about them years ago did n't try to stop them then . Pelosi was one of a handful of lawmakers who was briefed by the Central Intelligence Agency in 2002 , but she now accuses the agency of lying to her and hiding what it was doing . Republicans have been attacking Pelosi for making unsubstantiated and damaging accusations against a crucial national security agency . The man who once had her job , former Republican speaker Newt Gingrich , says Pelosi is lying in a way that is "  despicable , dishonest and vicious . " Whether or not he 's right , it 's smart politics . Obama is still remarkably popular . Most of the country hopes that he 'll succeed in rebuilding the economy and ending the war in Iraq . If the president is immune to most easy attacks from the opposition , it needs to find someone who is n't . Pelosi is a crucial part of his plans . As potential targets go , with her nearly perfect hair and nearly perfect clothes , Pelosi is nearly perfect .	Nancy Pelosi , speaker in House , is most powerful woman in Washington U.S. President Obama needs Pelosi to ensure his plans get House approval Pelosi under attack over Democrats ' failure to challenge CIA over waterboarding Tactic is smart move by Republicans as Pelosi an easier target than Obama
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Taken alone , a California woman 's 20-minute video "  scrapbook " is basically a collection of photographic memories spanning her 19-year-old daughter 's all-too-brief life . Birthday parties , picnics , graduations -- all set to evocative music and narrated matter-of-factly by the mother . John Paul Stevens was one of three justices who wanted to grant further review of the defendant 's case . What makes this video unusual is that it was presented at a California murder trial as "  victim impact evidence . " The Supreme Court on Monday gave an indirect endorsement to such videos when it rejected an appeal from a defendant who argued that the presentation violated his right to a fair trial . The high court also rejected a similar capital case , also from California , involving a woman who narrated a video montage of her slain parents . With the court 's refusal to intervene , the death sentences imposed by the juries in the two cases were upheld . At issue was not whether any testimony can be used showing the impact a crime victim 's loss had on family , friends and society at large . The question for the justices was how that testimony is presented . Some trial courts , but not all , have allowed such videotapes to be played in court , while often placing limitations on the content . One case involved Douglas Oliver Kelly , convicted in the 1993 slaying of Sarah Weir . The teenager had befriended Kelly at a Burbank gym . Her body was found stabbed 29 times , probably by a pair of scissors . During the penalty phase of the trial , the prosecution presented just one witness to provide victim impact evidence : the victim 's mother , Martha Farwell , a Los Angeles-area attorney . She had prepared the video , describing how her daughter had been adopted from Canada and was a Blackfoot Indian . In the background is the music of Enya , an Irish singer and composer . Most of the video simply describes the photos and home movies , but near the end is a shot of Weir 's grave and Farwell 's narration : "  As time goes by , I try very hard not to think of Sarah in terms of this terrible tragedy that we 've had to deal with here in court , but rather of her in a place like this . " Over photos of the Canadian landscape , Farwell concludes , "  This is filmed in southern Alberta , the land where Sarah 's people lived for so many generations . This is the kind of heaven she seems to belong in . " The trial judge had allowed the video to be presented , calling it a "  very compelling tape " and adding that "  it has more probative value than any prejudicial effect . " Kelly appealed , saying the video so influenced the jury that the panel was unable to render a fair assessment of the penalty . California 's highest court allowed the verdict and death penalty to stand , but urged judges to use caution in allowing such video evidence . Supreme Court Justice John Paul Stevens , in a brief statement , said Monday he would have accepted Kelly 's appeal of his sentence and held oral arguments on the issue . "  The videos added nothing relevant to the jury 's deliberations , " he wrote , "  and invited a verdict based on sentiment , rather than reasoned judgment . " But it takes four justices to grant further review of a case , and only Justices David Souter and Stephen Breyer joined Stevens . Breyer called the Kelly video "  poignant , tasteful , artistic and , above all , moving , " but he noted that was the problem . "  Those aspects of the film tell the jury little or nothing about the crime 's ` circumstances ' " the jury had to consider during sentencing . The companion case dealt with Samuel Zamudio , convicted in the February 1996 slayings of Elmer Benson , 79 , and his wife Gladys , 74 , in the South Gate area of Los Angeles . The defendant lived next door to the Bensons and owed money to them . He robbed and stabbed the elderly couple , and a jury sentenced him to death . The Bensons ' daughter , Linda Bouffard , narrated 118 scenes from her parents ' life . The trial judge forbade the playing of accompanying audio , and instructed Bouffard not to make inflammatory comments , an order she complied with . Courts around the country have offered differing rulings on the issue of such videos . Juries in Maryland , Missouri , Montana and Arkansas have been allowed to see video of victims playing the piano , with their families at Christmas time , and playing with their children . But a federal court in Massachusetts barred a video of about 200 photos of a victim , set to Beatles and James Taylor music . And a Texas court tossed out a murder conviction after a slain man 's father showed a video tribute , also with Enya music , during the penalty phase . The Supreme Court in 1991 upheld the use of victim impact evidence , saying it balanced what the justices at the time said was almost unlimited mitigation evidence the defendant could offer . But the high court said such evidence has its limits . Then-Chief Justice William Rehnquist wrote that a criminal defendant could seek judicial relief "  in the event that evidence is introduced that is so unduly prejudicial that it renders the trial fundamentally unfair . " The justices in 2006 unanimously upheld the conviction of another California killer after the victim 's family members wore buttons with a picture of the slain man as they sat silently in front of jurors throughout the trial .	Case involved case of Sara Weir , stabbed to death in California Victim 's mother , a lawyer , put together moving video scrapbook Defendant Douglas Oliver Kelly contended video was prejudicial Justices rejected Kelly 's appeal , indirectly endorsing victim impact videos
Baghdad , Iraq  CNN  -- The fate of Iraq 's newly revised election law again hinges on the approval of the country 's Sunni Arab vice president , who is under pressure to sign the much-contested plan . The new bill has been approved by the other two members of the presidency council . Adel Abdul Mahdi , the country 's Shiite vice president , issued a statement Thursday saying he and President Jalal Talabani , who is Kurdish , have put their signatures on it . But Tariq al-Hashimi , the country 's Sunni Arab vice president , who vetoed the original election bill last week , continues to threaten to veto this revised measure , and Mahdi and Talabani are trying to persuade him to sign the document . Al-Hashimi 's vote is key because in Iraq , legislation passed by the parliament must be ratified unanimously by the presidency council , made up of the country 's two vice presidents and the president . "  All the efforts are devoted to have the entire presidency council approval on the the law , coming from the joint concern about elections to take place in the specified date , " Mahdi said in a statement . But al-Hashimi said Wednesday that the "  veto is still an option and it will be used if I find that the current law does n't conform to the -LSB- Iraqi -RSB- justice and the constitution . " The upcoming parliamentary elections and a law setting down rules for elections are seen as important barometers of Iraqi progress toward stability . The election is also key step in plans for a U.S. withdrawal from Iraq , About 115,000 American troops remain in Iraq , and the Obama administration plans to pull all but 30,000 to 50,000 of them out of the country by August . Al-Hashimi vetoed the Iraqi parliament 's first election law last week , arguing it failed to provide enough seats for Iraqi refugees , many of whom are Sunnis . A revised bill passed by Iraq 's parliament on Monday remains "  unconstitutional and unfair , " al-Hashimi said in a statement issued by his office . The previous law "  was more fair to Iraqis than the new law , which Mr. al-Hashimi will deal with just like he dealt with the previous one , " the statement said . Iraq 's constitution calls for elections by January 31 . Disputes over how seats will be allocated in a new parliament have put the vote in jeopardy . Lawmakers need a two-thirds majority to override a veto , but Iraq 's parliament adjourned until December 8 after passing Monday 's revised bill . Iraq 's top electoral commission -- saying it needs 60 days to prepare for voting -- announced last week that a January vote is unlikely . Al-Hashimi said the election bill is unfair to Iraqis who were forced to flee violence in their homeland , and he refused to sign it without an amendment that would increase the number of seats allocated to refugees and small political parties that could not get enough votes on a national level . In addition to al-Hashimi 's objections , Kurdish leaders had threatened to boycott the upcoming vote unless provinces with heavy Kurdish populations get greater representation in the next parliament . The law that parliament passed Monday included revisions the Kurds had sought , but not those al-Hashimi demanded . Al-Hashimi 's office said the new law was passed without "  national accordance " and outside parliament 's usual way to deal with "  sensitive national legislation of this caliber . " "  What happened constitutes a dangerous precedent that will negatively overshadow the overall political process , " the statement said . Asked whether the political holdups in passing a law will mean a delay in the election and troop withdrawals , U.S. Gen. Ray Odierno told CNN Thursday that the withdrawal schedule is not as important as getting a law . "  Their democratic process is working , and I think it 's important that they have a law that everyone will accept so we can move forward together -- that 's the most important thing . I believe we have enough flexibility we 'll be able to mitigate it and we 'll be able to go on and have successful elections , " said Odierno , the top U.S. commander in Iraq .	Laws passed by Iraqi parliament must be approved by president and two vice presidents One VP , Sunni Tariq al-Hashimi , holding off on signing new election law Al-Hashimi vetoed previous version of bill last week , saying it left out Iraqi refugees Iraq 's president and other VP trying to persuade al-Hashimi to sign the bill
CNN  -- There was a dash of hope and a dose of disappointment in the search for an American family and their friends lost at sea for the past month . New Zealand 's Rescue Coordination Centre released an undelivered text message found in the satellite phone system used by the schooner Nina . It 's the last known message sent from the ship . The message sent on June 4 , but never delivered , reads : "  THANKS STORM SAILS SHREDDED LAST NIGHT , NOW BARE POLES . GOINING 4KT 310DEG WILL UPDATE COURSE INFO @ 6PM . " The transmission is important because it gives search teams the approximate location and actual time of the last transmission , said Nigel Clifford , Maritime New Zealand 's general manager safety and response services . Information can be used to help rescue teams plot search areas . The message was found in the system of the satellite phone provider , Iridium . The ship went missing en route from New Zealand to Australia . Even with the new information , authorities have not been able to find the ship . Six Americans and one Briton were on board . "  Today 's radar search of more than 97,000 square nautical miles has been completed without any sighting of the vessel , " the Rescue Coordination Centre said Thursday . The ship The Nina was built out of wood in 1928 , but it 's tough , said Cherie Martinez , whose brother , David Dyche , is the Nina 's owner and its captain . "  Nina always comes back to port . She might get disabled , but she always comes back to port , " Martinez said . Martinez has faith in her brother 's strong sailing abilities . Dyche has firmly handled the Nina 's rudder on the high seas for decades . Twenty years ago , they crossed the Atlantic Ocean together . Shipwreck survivor recounts drama on high seas Fateful weather The weather dealt Dyche and his schooner an ill-fated hand after they left the port of Opua in northern New Zealand , with his wife and their teenage son . Four friends were sailing with them -- one from Britain , the other three from the United States . Not far into their planned 1,200-mile tour across the Tasman Sea , the waters picked up fury . Evi Nemeth , a revered computer scientist , was among the crew . On June 3 , she called a meteorologist by satellite phone . She reported 60 mph winds and 18-foot waves and asked him for an escape route . Head south , he told her . But brace for a storm . The next day , he received text message : "  ANY UPDATE 4 NINA ? ... EVI . " Dyche 's mother did receive a fuzzy phone call that sounded like it was coming from overseas sometime after the seven crew members set sail . She heard her name , then the line clicked out . The storm The tempest must have been a mean one . "  Records show that conditions at the last known position for the vessel , on 4 June , were very rough , " Maritime New Zealand said . Winds of 50 mph with gusts of 70 mph had to have battered the 70-foot sailboat , while 26-foot waves tossed it around . The Nina went incommunicado while running from raging seas , 400 miles north-northwest of New Zealand . The sailing yacht is well-equipped , with a tracking device , a satellite phone and an emergency buoy , which is meant to deploy automatically when a ship takes on water . But not a single signal has come from the boat for more than three weeks . Nail-biting wait Family members alerted maritime authorities in New Zealand in mid-June that the Nina was missing after wondering for days why they had not heard anything from Dyche . Rescuers put out a notice to all ships in the Tasman Sea , requesting reports on any sightings of the ship . None came in . The search from the air began , and it continues . "  While we have grave concerns for the crew on board Nina , we have not given up hope of finding survivors , " mission controller Neville Blakemore said . Wisdom from the sea : ` React fast or be swept away ' CNN 's Ben Brumfield and Miguel Marquez contributed to this report .	Undelivered text message provides information on the last known location of the ship The Nina enroute from New Zealand to Australia when it encountered storm The wooden racing schooner built in 1928 had seven people on board Six Americans and one Briton are missing
CNN  -- The man who has gone over the bidding process for the 2018 and 2022 World Cups with a fine tooth comb wants FIFA to make his report public . Michael Garcia 's stance puts him at odds with soccer 's world governing body which has insisted the 250-page report should be kept private . The American lawyer gave the report to FIFA 's ethics chief Hans-Joachim Eckert earlier this month . "  Given the limited role Mr Hans-Joachim Eckert envisions for the Adjudicatory Chamber , I believe it is now necessary for the FIFA Executive Committee to authorize the appropriate publication of the report on the inquiry into the 2018/2022 FIFA World Cup bidding process , " Garcia said in a statement . "  Publication would be consistent with statements made by a number of Executive Committee members , with the view recently expressed by Independent Governance Committee Chair Mark Pieth , and with the goals of the reform process . " Garcia 's statement was released ahead of a two-day FIFA executive committee meeting in Zurich , which begins Thursday . FIFA was not immediately available for comment when asked for a response to Garcia 's desire for the report to be made public . The 2018 World Cup was awarded to Russia while the 2022 tournament will be staged in Qatar . Last week FIFA president Sepp Blatter tweeted : "  Everyone in the global football community has a responsibility to act ethically . Football fans rightly demand this . FIFA has taken the lead . " However , one of the criticisms leveled at FIFA is that the organization is not transparent enough and "  reform " will not take place without greater transparency . Some FIFA officials , notably vice-presidents Jim Boyce of Northern Ireland and Jeffrey Webb of the Cayman Islands , as well as executive committee members Moya Dodd of Australia and Prince Ali Bin Al-Hussein of Jordan , have all demanded Garcia 's report to be made public . For the last four years Qatar 's successful bid has been dogged by controversy . Issues relating to the feasibility of playing in scorching summer temperatures , the conditions of migrant workers building World Cup infrastructure and allegations of bribery and corruption have all been raised . British newspaper The Sunday Times has published a number of stories into the bidding process for the two World Cups and in one story claimed a Qatari official paid more than $ 5 million to secure support for his country 's bid . Qatar has said it provided full cooperation to Garcia and has also said that it won the bid fairly . The debate has also raised questions about whether Qatar could lose the 2022 tournament and , if it did hold the event , at which time of the year it should be played . Some like UEFA boss , Michel Platini , believe a re-vote is necessary if corruption accusations are proven .	Michael Garcia wants FIFA to make the findings of report into 2018/2022 World Cup bidding process public FIFA said last week it has no plans to publicize the findings of the report Russia was awarded the 2018 World Cup while Qatar will hold the event in 2022 American lawyer Garcia says the publication would help FIFA 's "  reform process "
CNN  -- The renewal over the weekend of an accusation first made more then 20 years ago -- that Woody Allen molested his adopted daughter , Dylan , when she was 7 years old -- has spurred other relatives to line up on one side or the other of the complex family tree . Moses Farrow -- Dylan 's brother , also adopted , and now a 36-year-old family therapist -- backed his father and blamed his mother , actress Mia Farrow . "  My mother drummed it into me to hate my father for tearing apart the family and sexually molesting my sister , " Moses Farrow , 36 , told People Magazine . "  And I hated him for her for years . I see now that this was a vengeful way to pay him back for falling in love with Soon-Yi . " He was referring to Soon-Yi Previn , whose relationship with Allen led to the breakup in 1992 of the film director 's 12-year relationship with Mia Farrow , who had adopted Soon-Yi with composer Andre Previn . Soon-Yi Previn was 19 ; Allen was 56 . They married in 1997 . At the time , Mia Farrow accused Allen of having molested Dylan . The charge triggered a custody battle , with Allen going to court to get custody of both of their adopted children and Satchel , their biological son , who now calls himself Ronan Farrow . A police investigation of the allegations ended without charges against Allen . Ronan Farrow , 26 , said in a tweet on Sunday that he backed Dylan Farrow . "  I love and support my sister and I think her words speak for themselves , " he wrote . Dylan Farrow , now 28 , resurrected the charge in a letter published in New York Times columnist Nicholas Kristof 's blog hours before the Writers Guild Awards ceremony , for which Allen , 78 , had been nominated for best screenplay for "  Blue Jasmine . " He did not win . "  What 's your favorite Woody Allen movie ? Before you answer , you should know : When I was seven years old , Woody Allen took me by the hand and led me into a dim , closet-like attic on the second floor of our house , " Farrow wrote . "  He told me to lay on my stomach and play with my brother 's electric train set . Then he sexually assaulted me . " Kristof also wrote about it in his Sunday column . Moses Farrow said it never happened . "  Of course Woody did not molest my sister , " he told the magazine , which said he is estranged from Mia Farrow and close to Allen . "  She loved him and looked forward to seeing him when he would visit . She never hid from him until our mother succeeded in creating the atmosphere of fear and hate towards him . The day in question , there were six or seven of us in the house . We were all in public rooms and no one , not my father or sister , was off in any private spaces . My mother was conveniently out shopping . I do n't know if my sister really believes she was molested or is trying to please her mother . Pleasing my mother was very powerful motivation because to be on her wrong side was horrible . " Dylan has stuck to her story . "  This is such a betrayal to me and my whole family , " she told the magazine in response to her brother 's comments . "  My memories are the truth and they are mine and I will live with that for the rest of my life . " Allen lawyer Elkan Abramowitz told CNN on Tuesday that the matter was exhaustively investigated and authorities determined that Mia Farrow had coached Dylan Farrow . "  They also determined that the molestation did not happen , " he said . He told NBC 's "  Today " on Tuesday that Dylan Farrow may have believed she was telling the truth when she leveled the accusation , but that she is acting on false memories implanted by her mother . Not true , Dylan Farrow told People . "  She never planted false memories in my brain . My memories are mine . I remember them . She was distraught when I told her . When I came forward with my story she was hoping against hope that I had made it up . In one of the most heartbreaking conversations I have ever had , she sat me down and asked me if I was telling the truth . She said that Dad said he did n't do anything . And I said , ` He 's lying . ' " In turn , Moses Farrow accused his mother of having treated him badly when he was a child , People reported . "  From an early age , my mother demanded obedience and I was often hit as a child , " he told the magazine . "  She went into unbridled rages if we angered her , which was intimidating at the very least and often horrifying , leaving us not knowing what she would do . " Dylan Farrow disagreed . "  I do n't know where he gets this about getting beaten , " she told the magazine . "  We were sent to our rooms sometimes . " She described Moses Farrow as "  dead to me , " and praised their mother . "  My mother is so brave and so courageous and taught me what it means to be strong and brave and tell the truth even in the face of these monstrous lies . " Mia Farrow did not respond to a request for comment from CNN . But she tweeted on Tuesday , "  I love my daughter . I will always protect her . A lot of ugliness is going to be aimed at me . But this is not about me , it 's about her truth . " Allen 's sister , Letty Aronson , told the magazine that the director was devastated by the accusation . "  He feels very badly for Dylan , that she has been so poisoned by her mother . " Dylan Farrow described her family in different terms . "  We are brave and we are truthful and anyone who says anything otherwise does not know us . " Kristof , who described himself as a friend of Mia and Ronan Farrow , said Dylan Farrow is now happily married and living in Florida . CNN 's Alan Duke , Chelsea J. Carter , Ralph Ellis , Carolyn Sung , Todd Leopold , Sarah Edwards , Michelle Hall , Nischelle Turner and Catherine E. Shoichet contributed to this report .	Moses Farrow : "  This was a vengeful way to pay him back for falling in love with Soon-Yi " Ronan Farrow : "  I love and support my sister and I think her words speak for themselves " Dylan Farrow : "  He sexually assaulted me " Letty Aronson : "  He feels very badly for Dylan , that she has been so poisoned "
CNN  -- He returned to a hero 's welcome but this was a night to forget for Didier Drogba . Feted by all those inside Stamford Bridge , Drogba stood and took in the applause from those in Chelsea blue . One of the greatest player 's in the club 's history , Drogba 's spot kick in Munich , which secured the 2011 Champions League title , will never be forgotten . But once the presentations were over and the mutual love was placed to one side , Drogba 's former teammates moved onto a different stratosphere . From the moment Samuel Eto'o gave Chelsea a fourth minute leader , there was only one side which appeared likely to win this contest -- and unfortunately for Drogba , it was not Galatasaray . Gary Cahill smashed home a second just before halftime following some dreadful defending from the visiting side to end any thoughts Drogba may have had of a happy homecoming . Before the game , all the talk had been about the returning Drogba -- a man loved by all at Chelsea , especially by manager , Jose Mourinho . The Ivorian netted 157 goals in 342 appearances during an eight-year spell at Chelsea where he won three Premier League titles and four FA Cups . Mourinho believes Drogba will one day return to west London either in a playing , coaching or ambassadorial position . But any sign of sentimentality was swept away as soon as the first ball was kicked . Following the 1-1 draw in Istanbul , Chelsea wasted little time in asserting its superiority . A weekend defeat in the Premier League by Aston Villa in which Ramires and Willian were both sent off , was shunted aside as Chelsea began at rapid pace . Oscar and Eden Hazard combined to release Eto'o and the forward fired past Fernando Muslera to claim the 30th Champions League goal of his career . Chelsea , which faces Arsenal in the Premier League on Saturday , continued to dominate and John Terry volleyed inches over after meeting Frank Lampard 's cross . Galatasaray 's vulnerability at set-pieces was to prove its undoing just before the interval when Lampard 's corner picked out Terry and when the defender 's powerful header was saved , Cahill was quickest to react and slam home the rebound . The Turkish side , which showed such defiance in the first leg , failed to threaten any sort of fightback after the break with Chelsea goalkeeper Petr Cech a mere spectator . Substitute Fernando Torres should have added a third after being played through by Hazard by Muslera pulled off the save . "  It was everything we wanted it to be , " midfielder Lampard told ITV . "  It was a tough game , we got a decent result out there and they hardly threatened . " The midfielder is now hoping his side receives a favorable draw in the next round with the likes of Bayern Munich and Barcelona lurking . "  I wo n't make any predictions yet , " he added . "  There are number of great teams left in it and we 'll wait and see who we get drawn against . "  We 're confident at the minute but it 's very tough and gets tougher every year . But we 're still in it . " Rampant Ronaldo In the night 's other game , Cristiano Ronaldo scored twice to give Real Madrid a 3-1 home win over Schalke . Leading 6-1 from the first leg , Ronaldo took his tally to 13 goals in seven Champions League appearances with a classy double . Tim Hoogland had dragged Schalke level in between Ronaldo 's strikes before Alvaro Morata added a third . The only sour note on the night was an injury to Jese Rodriguez , who was taken off on a stretcher after two minutes following a challenge from Sead Kolasinac . "  I think it is confirmed he has ruptured cruciate ligament , " Real manager Carlo Ancelotti told reporters "  He has had bad luck and it is bad luck for Real Madrid because we are going to lose a very important , young player who has done very well this season and surprised everyone . " Next up for Real is "  El Clasico " with Barcelona the visitor to Santiago Bernabeu on Sunday .	Chelsea cruises into last eight of Champions League Chelsea won 2-0 on the night , 3-1 on aggregate Real Madrid eases into quarterfinals Cristiano Ronaldo on target for Real once again
CNN  -- Kitty Kelley , biographer of the rich and famous , is getting ready to release an unauthorized biography on talk show queen Oprah Winfrey . The 544-page book , "  Oprah : A Biography , " will be released on April 13 , with a first printing of 500,000 copies , according to the Crown Publishing Group . "  We are excited to be publishing the first comprehensive biography of one of the most influential , powerful and admired public figures of our time , by the most widely read biographer of our era , " said Tina Constable , a vice president with Crown . The author spent three years researching for the book and conducted 850 interviews , Crown said . Kelley 's previous books have chronicled the Bush family political dynasty , the British royal family , Frank Sinatra , Elizabeth Taylor , Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis and Nancy Reagan . Winfrey 's Harpo Productions had little to say about the book . "  Oprah has n't participated in or read Kitty Kelley 's book , so she is unable to comment , " said Winfrey spokeswoman Lisa Halliday .	Unauthorized tell-all on Oprah Winfrey set to hit store shelves on April 13 Biography will be written by famed biographer Kitty Kelley Kelley had written prior biographies on Frank Sinatra , Elizabeth Taylor
UTTAR PRADESH , India  CNN  -- On World Population Day this year India 's new health and welfare minister came out with an idea on how to tackle the population issue : Bring electricity to every Indian village so that people would watch television until late at night and therefore be too tired to make babies . Could the remote control be a birth control method ? That statement raised eyebrows across this vast country -- but what are the realities and reactions from families who make up the second largest population in the world ? At 80-plus years old Omar Mohammed has never heard of population control . He lives in India 's most populous state Uttar Pradesh and has certainly done his part in contributing to India 's burgeoning population . "  Now you see I have 24 children , 13 boys and 11 girls , " Omar says . Omar believes only God can decide how many children you should have . He lifts his hands to the sky and says : "  This is His command . It 's not my doing , it 's His doing . " On the other hand there 's the Arora family in the capital city of Delhi . They have two children . "  You ca n't even get enough water or electricity now . So its advisable that people have only two children and then they should stop having more kids . " mother Anjana Arora says . The Aroras know a little something about population issues ; their daughter was given the official title of India 's one billionth citizen when she was born in 2000 . With family planning and free contraceptive programs the Indian government has long tried to encourage families to have only two children . Overall government statistics show the birth rate is coming down . The numbers show 14 of India 's 35 states have reached the two child per family target . But the push is failing in other states , especially in villages and among the poor and illiterate where the fertility rate is as high as 3.5 children per woman . There are all kinds of reasons -- from the desire to continue having children until a son is born to lack of access to contraceptives . The government 's concern is that a booming population will further test already scarce resources , greatly impact the environment , and make life even harder for the poor . According to the United Nations , India is home to 50 percent of the world 's poor and on current projections , India will become the most populous country on earth sometime in the next 50 years , overtaking China . Upon hearing about the latest idea to use electricity and television to give people something else to do besides procreate , mom Anjana Arora scoffed . "  That 's a stupid thing " she said in English then switched to Hindi "  The only way to change people 's mentality is through education . " But not everyone is writing the idea off . "  It 's an idea that can really work . " says A.R. Nanda . Years ago Nanda helped draft some of India 's population stabilization policies and he now runs the Population Foundation of India . He says while education and access to health care is paramount , electrifying villages is not a bad idea . "  It gives a message loud and clear that we need to do something for the people which is people-friendly and which in a way will keep their minds from taking irrational decisions about producing more babies , " Nanda says . He says there are studies that prove it . One such survey done in 2006 by an Italian sexologist reveals couples with televisions in their bedrooms had sex half as much as those without it . That being said Omar Mohammed , the man with 24 children had a different take . "  After watching TV , " he says , "  when we look at scintillating things we will probably want to make more children . "	An Indian idea to curb its population growth is raising eyebrows Health minister suggested late night TV could make people too tired for sex Population expert says the idea has some merits But parents are not so sure the plan would work
Tehran , Iran  CNN  -- Iran plans to launch satellites into orbit early in the new year , its defense minister told the semi-official Fars news agency Wednesday . "  This satellite , which was built by Iranian scientists , is a big step for the continued presence of Iran in space and for taking advantage of the opportunities offered in this field , " Gen. Ahmad Vahidi said . The launches of the Tolou satellites -- which means "  sunrise " in Farsi -- are scheduled to take place in February and March , according to Fars . Iran launched its first satellite , Omid , in February , an event that President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad hailed at the time as a "  source of pride " for the Islamic republic . The U.S. State Department expressed "  grave concern " over the launch . "  Developing a space launch vehicle that could ... put a satellite into orbit could possibly lead to development of a ballistic missile system , " State Department deputy spokesman Robert Wood told reporters . "  So that 's of grave concern to us . " The Pentagon called the February launch "  clearly a concern of ours . " "  Although this appears to be satellite , there are dual-use capabilities that could be applied to missiles , and that 's a concern to us and everybody in region , " Defense Department spokesman Geoff Morrell said at the time . For Iran , the planned launches are an important step for its military . "  Using these modern technologies , Iran 's armed forces are capable of catching the enemies off guard , identifying their software and hardware potential and depriving the enemy of movement and maneuverability , " Vahidi told Fars . The development comes as the international community considers additional sanctions against Iran should Tehran not answer questions about its nuclear program . Western powers fear Iran is intent on developing nuclear weapons , an allegation Tehran denies .	Iran reportedly plans to launch Tolou satellites into orbit in February and March "  This satellite ... is a big step for the continued presence of Iran in space , " defense chief says U.S. State Department had "  grave concern " about Iran 's first satellite launch this year U.S. official : Sateliite launches could lead to development of ballistic missile system
Washington  CNN  -- Army Master Sgt. Benjamin A. Stevenson , 36 , was on his 10th tour of duty in the war zones of Afghanistan and Iraq when he was killed Thursday in a remote area of eastern Afghanistan . Few details are available on the circumstances that led to the death of the highly decorated soldier , from Canyon Lake , Texas . However , a U.S. military official has now confirmed to CNN that Stevenson was the only U.S. casualty of a brutal two-day firefight against an al Qaeda-related group that erupted when U.S. and Afghan troops attacked an insurgent encampment , killing nearly 80 foreign fighters . That single piece of information is a rare glimpse into the world of U.S. special operations forces who have done more tours than most in the last decade . Special forces tours of duty typically last six to eight months , compared to regular combat tours of one year . Many troops have spent more time away from home than at home , but little is said about what they do these days in fighting insurgent strongholds . The official who confirmed Stevenson was part of this raid declined to be named because he was discussing the Army 's Special Operations Command . Stevenson was part of a U.S. and Afghan special operations mission that went in to attack the area in Afghanistan 's Paktika province . The camp they attacked and the fighters there were part of the so-called Haqqanni network , which is responsible for many recent attacks in Afghanistan and is closely tied to al Qaeda . The Haqqanis traditionally rely on Afghan and Pakistani fighters , but in this instance most of the fighters there who were killed were Arabs and Chechens , brought into Afghanistan from Pakistan . That alone is a worrisome trend . A second U.S. military official tells CNN that the US is seeing the Haqqanis increasingly turn to foreign fighters they bring into Afghanistan . "  This is how they are expanding their capabilities , " the official said . The U.S. believes this camp was an assembly and training point for these foreign fighters to stage attacks across Afghanistan . During the two-day firefight against the camp , the U.S. troops found several caves and fortified bunkers . Airstrikes were called in using missile-equipped helicopters , fighter jets dropping precision weapons and unmanned drones . Coalition forces were led to the camp by former insurgents , but it 's not clear if the extent of the opposition was immediately clear to the coalition . When the dust finally cleared , Stevenson was the only fatality . The U.S. military , still cloaked in secrecy , wo n't say how he perished .	Man who died in firefight was on 10th tour of duty Al Qaeda-linked group has expanded its network of fighters Special ops forces tend to do more tours than other divisions U.S. remains tight-lipped about special ops
SAN FRANCISCO , California  CNN  -- Imagine collecting thousands of empty plastic bottles , lashing them together to make a boat and sailing the thing from California to Australia , a journey of 11,000 miles  17,700 km  through treacherous seas . This 60-foot sailboat , the Plastiki , is being built from more than 12,000 recycled plastic bottles . You 'd have to be crazy , or trying to make a point . David de Rothschild is trying to make a point . De Rothschild hopes his one-of-a-kind vessel , now being built on a San Francisco pier , will boost recycling of plastic bottles , which he says are a symbol of global waste . Except for the masts , which are metal , everything on the 60-foot catamaran is made from recycled plastic . "  It 's all sail power , " he said . "  The idea is to put no kind of pollution back into the atmosphere , or into our oceans for that matter , so everything on the boat will be composted . Everything will be recycled . Even the vessel is going to end up being recycled when we finish . " De Rothschild 's vessel , scheduled to set sail from San Francisco in April , is called the Plastiki . Its name is an homage of sorts to Thor Heyerdahl , the fabled Norwegian explorer who in 1947 sailed 4,300 miles across the Pacific on the Kon-Tiki , a raft made from balsa wood . De Rothschild is something of an adventurer himself . The scion of a wealthy British banking family , he is one of only several dozen people to traverse both the Arctic and Antarctic ice caps . In 2005 he founded Adventure Ecology , an organization that uses field expeditions to call attention to environmental issues . Watch how the boat is constructed " Joining him on the Plastiki will be a permanent crew of three sailors and scientists plus a handful of other crew members who will rotate through the voyage . The Plastiki is expected to stop in Hawaii , Tuvalu and Fiji on its way to Sydney , a trip estimated to take more than 100 days . The plastic sailboat is taking shape in an old pier building not far from this city 's famous Fisherman 's Wharf . Here , thousands of two-liter soda bottles are being stripped of their labels , washed , filled with dry-ice powder and then resealed . The dry ice sublimates into carbon dioxide gas and pressurizes the bottle , making it rigid . The vessel 's twin hulls will be filled with 12,000 to 16,000 bottles . Skin-like panels made from recycled PET , a woven plastic fabric , will cover the hulls and a watertight cabin , which sleeps four . "  This actually is the same material that is made out of bottles , " said de Rothschild of the PET fabric . "  We actually wrap the PET fabric over the PET foam and then basically put it under a vacuum , heat it , press it and create these long PET panels . So that means the boat is , technically , one giant bottle . " Two wind turbines and an array of solar panels will charge a bank of 12-volt batteries , which will power several onboard laptop computers , a GPS and SAT phone . Only about 10 percent of the Plastiki will be made from new materials , de Rothschild said . He declined to reveal how much it 's costing him to build the boat . "  We could potentially put together a boat that costs a fraction of what normal conventional boats are made of , " he said . "  The idea is to take the Plastiki , break it down -LSB- after the voyage -RSB- , and put it back into the system . So , it may come out being a jacket , a bag , more bottles . It 's infinitely recyclable . " The ultimate goal of the Plastiki voyage is not just to encourage people to embrace clean , renewable energy but also to see consumer waste as a potential resource . That 's what this is all about -- showcasing cradle-to-cradle products rather than cradle-to-grave , " de Rothschild said . Whether the Plastiki will successfully complete its unique journey remains to be seen . But to conservationists concerned about the amount of energy required to manufacture and distribute plastic bottles , its symbolic message is a welcome one . "  Anything that gets in the news and makes people stop and think about plastic can be very helpful , " said Betty McLaughlin , executive director of the Container Recycling Institute . "  But it strikes me as a long way to go . I flew from Los Angeles to Australia once , and it took forever . This trip strikes me as kind of dangerous . "	An adventurer is building a sailboat out of thousands of recycled plastic soda bottles He plans to sail it this spring from California to Australia , a journey of 11,000 miles Expedition leader is David de Rothschild , scion of a wealthy British banking family Boat , the Plastiki , will be a symbol of how consumer waste can be repurposed
CNN  -- U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon on Saturday warned officials in the embattled Central African Republic not to repeat the mistakes that led to the Rwanda genocide 20 years ago . In a speech to the country 's National Transitional Council in the capital city , Bangui , the leader of the international body also urged the world not to "  look away " from the nation 's turmoil . "  Some say this is a forgotten crisis , " Ban said . "  I am here to help make sure the world does not forget . " The Central African Republic , a former French colony , plunged into chaos last year after a coalition of mostly Muslim rebels ousted President Francois Bozize . They have since been forced out of power , but Christian and Muslim militias continue to battle for control . Thousands have died during the fighting and 2.2 million people , about half the country 's population , are in need of humanitarian aid , according to the U.N. . More than 650,000 people are still internally displaced , and nearly 300,000 have fled to neighboring countries in search of refuge . U.N.L Soldiers from Chad killed civilians in neighboring CAR The latest setback comes in the form of charges by the U.N. 's human rights office that soldiers from neighboring Chad attacked civilians in a Bangui market last month . According to a preliminary report from the U.N. High Commissioner for Human Rights , the soldiers killed nearly 30 civilians and injured 300 more on March 29 . Investigators said the Chadian soldiers were not part of the African-led peacekeeping force , which is meant to stabilize the Central African Republic , but a group that appeared to have returned to Chad after the attack . Just before the U.N. published its preliminary findings of the attack , Chad decided to withdraw its 850 troops from the peacekeeping force , a move the chairwoman of the African Union said is understandable . Dr. Nkosazana Dlamini-Zuma said Chad had been the target of repeated attacks by Christian militia elements and unfounded allegations by a number of actors . "  The stigmatization of the Chadian contingent has contributed to the establishment of a climate of insecurity and hostility for which the nationals of that country had paid a heavy price , " Dlamini-Zuma said in a statement . Rwanda : Remembering -- and trying to forget In his speech Saturday , Ban stressed that the international community has an obligation to act , warning that the Central African Republic is "  at risk of partition . " "  The international community failed the people of Rwanda 20 years ago , " Ban said . "  And we are at risk of not doing enough for the people of the C.A.R. today . " In 1994 , Hutu extremists in Rwanda targeted ethnic Tutsis and moderate Hutus in a three-month killing spree that left an estimated 800,000 people dead . After his visit to the Central African Republic , the U.N. Secretary-General travels to Rwanda for the ceremonies observing the 20th anniversary of the genocide there . Ban thanked the African Union-led peacekeeping force , as well as the French forces , for their efforts to maintain order in the country . He said there are preparations for a U.N. presence in the Central African Republic , but peacekeepers "  will not arrive right away , " as their deployment depends on decisions from the Security Council . What 's behind the turmoil in the Central African Republic CNN 's Nana Karikari-Apau contributed to this report .	UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon tells Central African Republic not to repeat Rwandan genocide Christian and Muslim militias have been battling for control in the nation Chad pulls 850 troops from African-led peacekeeping force after allegation of attack by its soldiers Preparations for a U.N. peacekeeping force are under way , but it would need Security Council approval
Seoul , South Korea  CNN  -- With Kim Jong Un out of sight for a month , three North Korean officials popped down to South Korea for a last-minute visit Saturday . And they delivered a diplomatic bonbon . The three officials told South Korea that Pyongyang is willing to hold a new round of high-level meetings between late October and early November , South Korea 's Unification Ministry said in a statement Saturday . "  Within my memory ... there was never ever such a high-level visit . Never , " said North Korea analyst Andrei Lankov , from Seoul 's Kookmin University . Lankov said two of the three visitors "  are essentially number two and number three in North Korean official hierarchy . " Right behind Kim , the "  Dear Leader " himself . Is North Korean leader Kim Jong Un lying low ? Short notice , extensive media coverage It was a sudden "  charm offensive , " Lankov said . And it caused a media flurry , with South Korean television network YTN following the delegation 's moves via extensive live coverage . The three gave Seoul short notice on Friday that they were dropping in officially to attend Saturday 's closing ceremonies of the Asian Games in the port city of Incheon . The South granted permission the same day to Hwang Pyong-so , vice marshal of the Korean People 's Army , Kim Yang-gon and Choe Ryong-hae . Kim Yang-gon is one of North Korea 's top politicians responsible for dealings with the South . Choe is the former head of the military but was replaced in May , triggering some speculation in the international press that he may have fallen out of favor with Kim Jong Un . But South Korean analysts say that he remains extremely influential . He holds a seat as secretary on the Workers ' Party 's Central Committee , Pyongyang 's highest decision-making body , and commands preeminent authority over civilian affairs . Choe is also chairman of the Sports Guidance Commission . The officials ' Asian Games appearance was followed by a lunch with South Korean officials , and Seoul 's reunification minister greeted the North Koreans at their hotel . The delegation met with the South 's national security chief , Kim Kwan-jin , and later with Prime Minister Chung Hong-won . Speculation on Kim 's absence Kim Jong Un has been conspicuously absent even from important state events , and Pyongyang officials have said Kim is "  suffering from discomfort . " The last times he was seen publicly , he had gained weight and developed a limp . He missed the Supreme People 's Assembly of North Korea 's Parliament . A prominent seat remained empty onstage , surrounded by North Korea 's top brass . A count of North Korean announcements about Kim 's public appearances went from 24 events in July to 16 in August -- then to just one event in September . His last listed public appearance was a September 4 concert . His absence has triggered conflicting speculation among longtime North Korea watchers about the security of his position , and on the mechanisms of power in what is arguably the world 's most closed society . Jang Jin-Sung , who was a prominent propagandist for Kim Jong Il , Kim Jong Un 's father and predecessor , said the 31-year-old dictator is a merely the "  puppet " of a shadowy oligarchy . The old guard who make up the Organization and Guidance Department  OGD  are the real "  power holders , " Jang told CNN 's Brian Todd via telephone from South Korea on Friday . They were tied closely to the late Kim and are not beholden to his son , he said . Jang , who defected to South Korea almost a decade ago , told Todd that he has spoken with highly placed sources within the regime in recent days . The OGD , he said , "  are calling the shots , and not the words of one man they do not know . Basically , they 're no longer loyal to the ruling king 's word . " Neither CNN nor U.S. intelligence officials can confirm whether Jang 's claims are credible , but Ken Gause -- who has studied North Korea for two decades for CNA Corp. , a nonprofit agency that provides research and analysis to U.S. government agencies -- agreed that the OGD has enormous clout . "  It keeps the files on everyone  in the regime 's leadership  , and that definitely makes it a very powerful and dangerous organization , " Gause said . Jonathan Pollack , who specializes in East Asian issues for the Brookings Institution , downplayed the likelihood of a power struggle in Pyongyang , telling CNN that high-level maneuvering to influence Kim is much more likely than any effort to strip him of power . "  This is a top-down system . There is no number two , " Pollack said . "  It is a royal system , a dynastic system predicated on there being a Kim and then , dare I say , a ` next of Kim ' able to wield authoritative power from the top on an unquestioned basis . " Lankov , the Kookmin University analyst , doubts Kim is in political hot water . "  People get sick , " he said . "  I would n't make much of it . " He said he believes Kim is still in charge and is behind Saturday 's remarkable visit . "  North Korean diplomacy has been engaged in concerted , well-arranged , well-managed efforts to improve relations with pretty much the entire outside world . And you would not expect it to happen with nobody in control , " he said . Lankov 's take on the reason for North Korea 's friendlier approach : economics . "  They want South Korean money and they want normal trade , which is subsidized by South Korea . " In particular , they 'd like the South to lift the so-called May 24 Measure , a heavy trade sanction taken in 2010 after the North Korean military sank a South Korean ship , killing 46 sailors . Toning down the rhetoric In stark contrast to the bellicose gesturing that has haunted relations in the past , North Korea and South Korea took conciliatory steps in each other 's direction in February 's first round of high-level talks . North Korea took the initiative in proposing the talks as a measure to build trust . At the meeting , both sides agreed to tone down the harshness of their rhetoric . Pyongyang has been particularly irked by joint military exercises between South Korea and the United States , and would like them to cease . The North views them as a prelude to an invasion . Routine military exercises followed later in the same month the first round of talks was held , but were met with less vitriol and military bluster from the North than in the previous year . During joint U.S.-South Korean military maneuvers in 2013 , Kim Jong Un flung aggressive threats at both countries and set his military in motion . Following February 's talks , South Korea 's Unification Ministry proposed a second round in August . The North Korean side had not responded to the proposal until Saturday . CNN 's KJ Kwon reported from Seoul , Ben Brumfield reported and wrote from Atlanta . CNN 's Brian Todd , Paula Hancocks , Jason Moon and Cameron Tankersley contributed to this report .	"  Within my memory ... there was never ever such a high-level visit , " expert says Head of North 's military , two other ruling party leaders attend sports event They also meet with South Korean officials , who give them a warm welcome Kim Jong Un has been out of sight for weeks ; officials say he is "  suffering from discomfort "
Wired  -- Even six months ago , Apple TV was the big snoozer in Apple 's consumer hardware line-up . The device is a simple set-top media puck â $ " not much more than a passive conduit for piping iTunes , Netflix and iPad content to one 's TV . But , oh , how times have changed . On the eve of WWDC 2012 -- Apple 's annual developers ' conference -- speculation swirls around Apple 's positioning as a television manufacturer , and how Apple TV might play into a greater television hardware strategy . Indeed , an Apple TV reboot could be a game changer . And it would also be the WWDC highlight for users of the set-top puck , for app developers , and even for the TV entertainment industry at large . Now , granted , Apple just revamped the Apple TV user interface with the launch of the third-generation iPad . So in some respects , it seems unlikely that Apple would feature the product in another media event just a few months later . But the streaming TV companion still offers vast untapped potential . And with the attendance of thousands of devoted developers , WWDC is the perfect venue to announce a new Apple TV platform that exposes API support . And we ca n't forget how Tim Cook recently said the TV space is "  an area of intense interest " for Apple . Apple TV is one of the best set-top devices in a consumer electronics category that , quite frankly , does n't enjoy mass consumer report . Think about it : How many of your non-techie friends own either a Roku , Boxee Box , Google TV or Apple TV ? Nonetheless , Apple TV sales are picking up momentum : The device is on track to sell twice as many units as were sold in 2011 . The upshot : Apple does n't need to announce its own television set at WWDC to make waves in the living room space . If it can reinvent Apple TV into a truly compelling , mass-market consumer product , it can realize Steve Jobs ' dream of finally cracking the television code . Apple just needs to address a few key areas before Apple TV becomes a really big deal . Apps , apps , and AirPlay "  What we might see at WWDC is Apple opening up the app economy approach they 've had with the iPhone and iPad to the Apple TV , " Gartner analyst Michael McGuire told Wired . Apple has well over 600,000 apps in the iOS App Store , but only eight third-party content choices  e.g. , Netflix , MLB.com , Flickr , etc.  on Apple TV . So WWDC offers the perfect opportunity to introduce developers to how they could start expanding Apple TV 's repertoire of content choices . Indeed , BGR reported that Apple would be introducing an entirely new OS and API for developers to take advantage of . There are two possible ways Apple could open up the Apple TV platform to third-party app developers : It could allow devs to create dedicated TV apps , or it could more heavily leverage  and open up  the AirPlay feature already baked into Apple TV to port existing iPad apps to the big screen . "  We 've been focused on trying to understand how the app model evolves with the introduction of the TV platform , " Jeremy Allaire , CEO of online video platform Brightcove told Wired . Indeed , Allaire detailed his thoughts on what could be next for Apple TV in an op-ed Monday morning . Allaire believes that instead of requiring developers to code for a third application platform  the TV  , AirPlay Mirroring could be used with existing iPad apps . AirPlay Mirroring "  essentially turns your iPad into a powerful TV Apps platform that can render any application on the TV while enabling the user to use their touch-based device to browse , select , navigate , etc. , " Allaire wrote in his piece . It makes sense . iPad apps are already built for a screen with a lot of real estate , and it would n't be unnatural to , say , flick through Wired 's iPad app with your finger while actually reading the content on the big screen . "  AirPlay functionality is a bit hidden from users and not super easy for developers to implement , " Allaire said of the feature in its current state , so there 's ample room for improvement . NPD principal analyst Ross Rubin also believes "  a multiscreen component that builds off AirPlay " could be in the stars . More content "  To get people beyond the hardcore Mac fans , you need a lot of content , " McGuire said . For example , average consumers want to see sports â $ " live sports . So , for the Apple TV to break out of its "  hobby " label  a label Tim Cook might wish he had never used  , its content offerings will need to drastically expand . But live content is hard to come by without a cable or satellite subscription , and that may remain so . "  History has shown that Apple has n't shown the same kind of influence with the studios that they had with the -LSB- music -RSB- labels in the early days of the iPod , " Rubin said . However , in light of recent announcements on the Xbox platform , McGuire thinks Apple could be inking deals with the same content providers who 've partnered with Microsoft : ESPN , NBA , Univision , and Nickelodeon . To go mainstream and become a true cable/satellite replacement for cord cutters , Apple TV would need to provide the "  equivalent experience of hundreds of programming options at any point in time , " McGuire said . Expanded app offerings could certainly help with this , but live streaming content would really seal the deal . Ditch the remote "  The other area that 's getting a lot of rumor traction is opening up the Siri interface , which for both the existing apps on Apple TV , as well as new apps , could be very interesting , " McGuire said . This could be accomplished through a peripheral add-on to Apple TV , as Allaire proposed for a forward-looking Apple TV experience . And , of course , Siri could handshake with the current Apple TV via coordination with the iPhone 4S  and maybe even the third-generation iPad , if it too receives Siri support as rumored . Apple could also take an Xbox Kinect-like approach , launching camera devices in its TV products for 3-D gesture recognition . As for relevance to WWDC , this would mean a new gesture-based motion API for developers to manage user interaction and face detection , with an actual hardware accessory to arrive in the more distant future . But , heck , Apple already has patents on 3-D gesture recognition using the iPad , so perhaps an additional accessory is n't even necessary . "  Apple can do a lot with the box they have in terms of disrupting and changing people 's expectations of what TV is , " McGuire said . Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $ 1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT ! Click here ! Copyright 2011 Wired.com .	A major reboot of Apple 's TV device could be a game changer The computer company could take an Xbox Kinect-like approach with Apple TV Apple could allow devs to create dedicated TV apps , and leverage the AirPlay feature Apple is expected to make news at its developer 's conference Monday
CNN  -- Where would you find the most Christmas spirit in the world ? It 's hard to say for certain , but if a global competition were to be held , the Philippines would have an excellent shot at winning . The southeast Asian island nation has the world 's longest festive season -- and pulls no punches in its celebratory zeal for the period , with lavish light displays , masses , and festivals held throughout the country from September until January . One of the most populous nations in Asia , the Philippines is an overwhelmingly Christian nation . Approximately 90 % of Filipinos are Christian and 80 % of those are Catholic , an influence gleaned from the country 's period as a Spanish colony from the sixteenth century until the end of the nineteenth . As a result , while many countries concentrate on the commercial side of Christmas , Filipinos attend several masses throughout the Christmas season and faith forms an intrinsic part of celebrations . A traditionally Filipino event is Simbang Gabi , a series of masses held over nine nights culminating in Christmas Eve . It is believed that if you make a wish after completing the nine masses , it will come true . As early as September , when the dark nights come , it is not unusual to see a series of spectacular Christmas displays popping up in malls , parks and open spaces across the country . Student Christian Ian V. Bordo from Laguna province in the Philippines loves the beautiful ` parols ' , lights created by artisan Francisco Estanislao in 1928 and originally made of bamboo and paper that are hung up throughout towns and villages . " -LSB- The parols are -RSB- as important to Filipinos as the Christmas tree to Western culture -- without parols Christmas would n't be complete , " he declared . "  The lanterns were used by people to light their paths during the ritual Yuletide dawn masses called ` Misa de Gallo ' -LSB- midnight mass -RSB- , because electricity was unavailable at the time in many rural areas . " Such lanterns are now more likely to glow with electronic lights , but the ethos remains the same -- a guiding light in the darkness for worshippers wanting to congregate and pray . To Stephanie Masalta , the striking lanterns are a comforting indication that Christmas is on its way and a fond reminder of how her community comes together every year to string up the beautiful lights . "  Even I can not help myself from smiling whenever I pass by that street and think of how devoted Filipinos are in celebrating Christmas , " said Masalta , who lives in San Pedro , Laguna . "  This happens only once a year , so residents combine their efforts to put them up . " Student Martin Jarmin from Los Baños , Laguna , says the light displays in his town 's local gardens regularly dazzle residents . "  The lighting of the park during the Christmas season is done yearly and now became a huge attraction to people not only from -LSB- my -RSB- area , but from the outside , too , " he said . Decorations can also inspire a competitive spirit . Student Miaflor Tatlonghari said that in some local villages , they organize contests for the most beautiful Christmas decorations . The tree set up by her home in Santa Rosa City was at least 30 ft tall - and larger ones are not uncommon . Photos : Santa sightings around the world Martin Jarmin also mentioned another Christmas tradition of which Philippines residents are fond -- gathering together to make and enjoy food specifically made for the Christmas season . For example , Christmas Eve , or Noche Buena , is traditionally when families come together to host a large festive meal . The celebration is well known in Spain and Latin America and stems from the nation 's colonial past . In addition to the aforementioned Christmas Eve dinner , scores of delicious , and often highly unusual , dishes are prepared for Filipinos to gorge themselves on . These include puto bumbong , glutinous purple rice stuffed into bamboo tubes with butter , sugar and coconut , and keso de bola , balls of cheese with red waxy coverings . iReporter Mae Anne Alejandrino from Cabuyao in Laguna province loves the mouth-watering Christmas delicacies from food stall sellers who set up beside an enormous display of Christmas lights , showcasing the dizzying breadth and variety of Filipino cuisine . "  At Christmas , we cook our own barbeque and hotdogs and buy several kinds of rice cake called ` bibingka ' , " she said . "  We Filipinos would always decorate our center table with colorful fruits and rice cakes . We would also prepare fruit or ` buko ' -LSB- a type of young coconut -RSB- salads for dessert . But amidst the festivities , some iReporters felt it important to send in reminders of those who face a more austere Christmas . iReporter Janoah Ami Soriano 's poignant images showed the plight of children forced to leave their homes after a series of deadly typhoons caused severe flooding in August in some parts of the country . Having lost most of their belongings , many relied on Catholic charities to provide them with some Christmas spirit . "  I saw that the parents were more excited to receive presents than the kids and the moment was heart-melting , " he said . "  Helping others is a tradition in the Philippines at Christmas , especially those who are really in need . " His touching iReport is a reminder for those celebrating Christmas -- in the Philippines and beyond -- that many of us have much to be thankful for this holiday season . Show us what the Christmas festivities look like in your part of the world	The Philippines has the longest Christmas season in the world -- from September to January The festive season is marked by traditional masses , spectacular light displays and family gatherings Traditional paper and bamboo lanterns known as ` parols ' light up many Filipino villages and towns Some villages organise contents for the best Christmas decorations
CNN  -- A 6.7-magnitude earthquake hit near the Greek island of Crete on Wednesday , the U.S. Geological Survey said . It struck at 12:30 p.m.  5:30 a.m. ET  , the USGS said . It was centered about 80 miles  130 kilometers  off the city of Iraklion on Crete , the USGS said . An earthquake with a 6.7 magnitude is capable of causing significant damage , especially in areas of poor construction . There were no immediate reports of damage or injuries . A staff member at Iraklion Airport told CNN they did n't feel the earthquake . Similar reports came from staff members at hotels just outside Iraklion and in western Crete . A spokesman at the Greek Ministry of Health in Athens , 450 kilometers  280 miles  from the epicenter , also said he did n't feel the quake . David Booth , a seismologist at the British Geological Survey , explained that the earthquake happened deep below the sea , leading to little risk of tsunami and reducing the likelihood that people would feel tremors . -- CNN 's Claudia Rebaza and Krsna Harilela in London , England , contributed to this report .	A 6.7-magnitude earthquake hits near the Greek island of Crete 6.7 quake can cause major damage , especially in areas of poor construction No immediate word on casualties or damage
CNN  -- The picture has created an uproar in Venezuela . It shows Venezuelan lawmaker Adel El Zabayar , holding an assault rifle and posing with two armed soldiers . What makes the photo particularly striking is that the 49-year-old legislator is in Syria supporting President Bashar Al-Assad . El Zabayar was born in Venezuela , but his parents are from Syria . The lawmaker , who was little known before his trip to Syria , says he 's willing to fight for the country of his forebears if the United States attacks the Arab nation . In another picture , El Zabayar appears in the middle of a group of apparent military men . Like most of the others , he 's holding an assault rifle . In a recent phone interview with CNN en EspaÃ ± ol from Damascus , where he 's visiting his ailing mother , El Zabayar called the U.S. government hypocritical . "  It has a double standard when it comes to al Qaeda , " he said . "  We need to think about that . The world has to start a debate about international terrorism . " El Zabayar is a member of the United Socialist Party of Venezuela . He accompanied the late President Hugo Chavez when he met with al-Assad in Syria in 2009 . The Venezuelan National Assembly granted El Zabayar a leave of absence to travel to Syria , and President Nicolas Maduro praises him as a hero . "  He has decided to give his life for his land , the land of his grandparents , for the peace and dignity of the Syrian people . Well done , Mr. Legislator . You have followed your conscience , " Maduro said on Venezuelan national television this week . Venezuela has a sizable population of ethnic Arabs who have significant clout and political power . Tareck El Aissami , who has Syrian and Lebanese parents , is the governor of Aragua state and former minister of the interior and justice . Favored by Chavez , he has remained powerful under the new administration . Just like El Aissami , a large portion of the Arab community in Venezuela has aligned itself with the socialist government . Members of the Arab-Venezuelan Union and the Sheik Ibrahim Mosque in Caracas marched last September to support Chavez 's re-election . A group of Venezuelans of Arab origin protested outside the U.S. Embassy in Caracas this week . They chanted "  Long live Syria ! " and "  Down with the empire ! " They were waiving Syrian flags , and one demonstrator displayed a picture of Chavez and al-Assad holding hands up in a sign of victory . Hindu Anderi , one of the protest organizers , suggested the United States has ulterior motives on Syria . "  Enough of wars motivated by oil and energy resources . We do n't believe the fairy tale of chemical weapons used against the civilian population in Syria by the government of Bashar al-Assad , " Anderi said . Maduro also shares that point of view . In a recently published open letter to President Barack Obama , the Venezuelan leader called a possible attack against Syria "  unfair , disastrous and terrifying . " The rhetoric from Caracas , consistently anti-American for more than a decade , may heat up even more if the United States takes action on Syria . El Zabayar , the Syrian-Venezuelan lawmaker , has a rather rosy view of the current situation in Syria , where a popular uprising spiraled into a civil war in 2011 . "  Everything is great , " he said . "  People are out in the street doing their normal things . You have to remember that before being invaded by foreign mercenaries from Saudi Arabia and Qatar , Syria used to be known as one of the safest countries in the world . " Journalist Osmary Hernandez in Caracas , Venezuela , contributed to this report .	Venezuelan legislator Adel El Zabayar is in Syria supporting President Bashar Al-Assad El Zabayar 's parents are from Syria Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro praises lawmaker as a hero Some Venezuelans of Arab origin protested outside U.S. Embassy in Caracas this week
CNN  -- An Arkansas woman , who lost her baby last month after coming down with the H1N1 flu virus , has now lost her life . Leslie Creekmore , 29 , had been hospitalized for the last month . She was put on a ventilator January 13 , before being rushed to a St. Louis hospital a day later . Creekmore spontaneously miscarried on January 16 . She was 20 weeks pregnant . "  She 's gone now , and the universe itself is lesser for the loss , " her husband Chris Creekmore said in a post to the Facebook group "  Love for Leslie . " "  I loved her with every iota of my being and beyond , and I have no intention of that changing just because she is n't here with me corporeally . " On the advice of their doctor , the couple said they postponed getting a flu shot until after Creekmore 's first trimester . The couple did not know that his guidance was counter to federal health recommendations . Creekmore had planned to get a flu shot at a clinic on January 13 -- the same day she was put on a ventilator . CDC recommendation Any pregnant woman should get a flu shot to protect against serious complications as soon as the yearly vaccine becomes available in her area , advises the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services website flu.gov . Women can receive the flu shot at any point during their pregnancies , regardless of trimester , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . The American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists supports the CDC recommendation that all women get vaccinated if they will be pregnant during the influenza season : "  Vaccination early in the season and regardless of gestational age is optimal , " ACOG says . No harm has been demonstrated to pregnant women or their babies as a result of the vaccine , the CDC said . The flu vaccine protects against many strains during the season from October to March . Pregnant women who receive the vaccine may still get the flu , but it would likely be a milder illness than otherwise , and severe consequences would be improbable , Gray-Swain said . A national effort to prevent the 2009 H1N1 pandemic flu has contributed to a dramatic increase in the number of pregnant women who receive flu vaccines , according to the CDC . Less than 15 % of pregnant women received a flu shot before 2009 ; in the next two seasons , more than half of pregnant women got the vaccine protection . The risks of not getting a flu shot The flu may increase the risk of miscarriage , premature birth and low birth weight , the CDC said . "  Pregnancy puts extra stress on your heart and lungs . Pregnancy can also affect your immune system . These factors increase the risk of becoming severely ill due to the flu , " according to the CDC website . Life-threatening developments like Creekmore 's in flu patients are generally rare but not unheard of , Gray-Swain said . "  Pregnant women are five times more likely to end up in the ICU or have severe complications related to the flu than non-pregnant women who get infected with the flu , " she said . The flu vaccine that is safe for pregnant woman is in injectable form , and it does not contain the live virus , Gray-Swain said . The nasal spray versions should not be given to pregnant women . If you are pregnant , inform the health care staff administering the vaccine before you receive it . Washing your hands after using the bathroom , touching public surfaces and other activities is also important , she said . Pregnant women can also take a drug called Tamiflu . It is most commonly taken to reduce the length of symptoms , but it is also given to people with high-risk flu exposure as a prevention .	CDC recommends all pregnant women get flu shots Does n't matter what trimester of pregnancy , flu shot is safe Woman 's husband said she was scheduled to get a flu shot
The Netherlands ' first ever clinic for assisted suicide and euthanasia has opened and includes a mobile service for those who wish to die at home . Its launch made headlines , and the clinic received 60 applications in the first two days of operation -- mostly from terminally ill patients -- but the Levenseinde Kliniek  End of Life Clinic  in Amsterdam has yet to euthanize a single patient . "  No , of course not ! " exclaimed spokeswoman Walburg de Jong , laughing in shock at the notion . "  It 's not that you can go to the clinic and say , ` well , I want to die , ' and then tomorrow someone is coming . " The U.S. presidential campaign oddly put euthanasia in the Netherlands into the news limelight in February , after Republican candidate Rick Santorum criticized it to make an argument against socialized medicine . Santorum has made death at the hands of a Dutch family doctor sound much easier to come by than the clinic 's spokeswoman or the Netherlands ' health ministry . The candidate claimed that in the Netherlands physicians euthanize elderly Dutch patients against their will to hold down medical costs . "  Half the people who are euthanized in the Netherlands -- and it 's ten percent of all deaths for the Netherlands -- half of those people are euthanized involuntarily at hospitals , because they are older and sick , " Santorum said at an appearance at a conservative rally in Columbia , Missouri on February 3 , 2012 . Santorum 's rant set off indignant reactions in the media in the Netherlands , including headlines of a Labor party politician demanding the Dutch ambassador or the country 's foreign minister rebut the U.S. candidate . "  Rick Santorum thinks he knows the Netherlands : massive murder of the elderly , " read a headline in the February 18 edition of the Dutch daily newspaper NRC Handelsblad . Almost 140,000 people die in the Netherlands per year , according to the CIA World Factbook . The intentional ending of life with a doctor 's help accounts for about 3,000 of those deaths , according to the Netherlands Ministry of Health -- percentage mathematics would land at a figure of under 2.5 % , far lower than Santorum 's numbers . Santorum has also claimed that elderly people wear bracelets in the Netherlands reading "  Do not euthanize me , " a claim de Jong has refuted . CNN reached out to Santorum , whose campaign is in high gear , via his press representatives to inquire into the source of the Republican candidate 's statistics . As of press time , there has been no on-the-record response . The New England Journal of Medicine has published percentages of doctor-assisted death at a patient 's request in the Netherlands , and they range from 1.7 % and 2.6 % of all deaths in the country . It also placed the percentage of patients dying in palliative care at 7 % . Palliative and hospice care are common end-of-life treatment alternatives in many countries , including the U.S.A. Its not clear if Santorum was including palliative and hospice care when he said 10 % of all deaths in the Netherlands are the result of euthanasia . Those seeking medical help to quell their suffering by ending their lives have to take a long road to get it , according to the Dutch health ministry , and the majority of patient requests -- a full two-thirds -- are denied . The patient must first convince his doctor that his suffering is unbearable . His ailment must be incurable . "  The criteria are that there must be a reoccurring voluntary request , " clinic spokeswoman de Jong said . "  There must be an unbearable and hopeless suffering , no alternatives anymore , and there must also be a second opinion doctor , who says ` yes , this doctor is fulfilling the criteria . ' And then the euthanasia or assisted suicide can be done . " Sometimes the patient dies while waiting for the euthanasia to pass approval . Under the Dutch definition , euthanasia is when a doctor administers a lethal dose of a medication to end a patient 's life at the patient 's request . Assisted suicide is when the doctor acquires the deadly dose for the patient , who then administers it on him - or herself . Commonly used medications to hasten life 's end are muscle relaxers and barbiturates . Then there are the legal hurdles . "  Euthanasia is still a criminal offence , " a statement on the foreign ministry website explains the Netherlands stance on the topic to the world . But doctors are exempt from prosecution , if they follow a strict set of criteria laid down by a 2002 law , the Dutch Termination of Life on Request and Assisted Suicide Act . "  Patients have no absolute right to euthanasia and doctors no absolute duty to perform it , " the ministry says . "  A doctor 's main duty is indeed to preserve life . " "  On the other hand , " it adds , "  they have a duty to relieve the patient 's suffering . " The doctor , it seems , would be between a rock and a hard place . After helping terminate the life , a doctor must report it as a death by unnatural causes to the coroner 's office , where it faces review by a legal expert , a doctor and an ethics expert . If they do n't like what they see , the case is forwarded to the Public Prosecution Service . Add this tension to other more personal qualms , and many doctors just wo n't give that lethal dose . Enter the brand new End of Life Clinic -- founded by the advocacy group "  Right to Die NL , " for which de Jong is also the spokeswoman . "  People are dependent on their doctors , and when you have a doctor who does n't want to do it , sometimes you have no one to turn to , " de Jong said . "  The biggest doctors ' organization in the Netherlands says that every doctor has the moral obligation to refer to another doctor , when he does n't want to do it , " she continued . "  But there are also doctors who do n't want to refer to another doctor . Therefore this clinic can be a possibility for those people . " Once the patient opts for the help of one of the End of Life Clinic 's doctors , it can still take a long time for the end to come . By law , the doctor who carries out the euthanasia or assisted suicide must be considered the patient 's attending physician . The clinic declined to let CNN interview one of its participating doctors or nurses , who are everyday medical professionals and work for the clinic part-time . De Jong said she was afraid patients would snow the clinicians at their private practices with euthanasia requests due to the publicity . After the patient has filed a request , "  a doctor and a nurse will look whether they can fulfill the criteria , " de Jong said . Then they contact the patient , his relatives and the attending physician for a series of conversations . These can last as short as two weeks , if a patient 's prognosis and suffering are obvious -- or as long as a year , de Jong said . "  People talk about it too late and then discover that their doctor wo n't do it , " de Jong warned . Right to Die NL encourages its 130,000 members to make a living will , which includes end of life plans , ahead of time . The vast majority of patients -- about ten times as many as receive euthanasia or assisted suicide -- end up with the palliative alternative of heavy sedation , while waiting for the end to come naturally , according to a 2005 academic review of the euthanasia law and its consequences . A possible side effect of that sedation is the hastening of death . But with all the considerations , in 2005 doctors in the Netherlands reported helping 2,425 patients who voluntarily decided they wanted to end their lives and 3,136 in 2010 . There is some truth to Rick Santorum 's claim that some patients ' lives are taken without consent , but at a lower rate than five percent of all deaths in the Netherlands , as the presidential candidate had said . The 2005 report placed the number at 550 deaths . It tends to be patients in palliative care , who are unconscious , which means the doctor ca n't ask what the patient wants , de Jong said . "  And maybe the doctor did something he should n't do . " "  But I think this is a problem everywhere in the world . " There are also newborns , children and teenagers who are euthanized in accordance with strict legal protocol and parental involvement , which include that "  suffering must be unbearable and with no prospect of improvement . " Teenagers over 16 years of age are allowed to make the request without parental approval but require their consultation . People plagued with psychiatric illness also request and receive help ending their lives , although it is discouraged . "  The first priority in responding to such requests is to explore the prospects of an improvement in the patient 's quality of life , " according the foreign ministry . The overwhelming majority of cases of doctor assisted end-of-life care are easier to understand than those involving children or psychiatric patients . "  Experience shows that in practice the vast majority of cases of euthanasia  almost 90 %  relate to patients with terminal cancer , " according to the foreign ministry . A 2010 review commission report revealed terminal cancer at the root of the overwhelming majority of cases . Even with its humane intentions , such open dealings with euthanasia and assisted suicide as it is practiced in the Netherlands may rub many cultures the wrong way . Dutch authorities are aware of this . "  Dutch law on euthanasia is not incompatible with international conventions and the fundamental human rights they enshrine , such as the right to life laid down in article 6 of the UN 's International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights , " a statement reads on the foreign ministry 's website . "  The Dutch government vigorously endorses these rights , but does not believe that a request to end life made by someone experiencing unbearable suffering without the prospect of improvement should be refused solely on those grounds . " De Jong anticipates that the End of Life Clinic 's mobile team may become active as soon as this week "  to visit a patient , and of course they are also to consult the doctor of the patient . " The clinic 's mobile team does not have any kind of special vehicle like an ambulance , de Jong said . The doctors and nurses simply drive their own cars . In some scenarios , de Jong says , the clinic 's focus is not on euthanizing the patient as much as it is on ensuring the doctor feels comfortable committing to the process . "  They want to take him by the hand in the process and maybe afterwards or in the process he can say , ` Well , I can do it myself , ' or afterwards he can say , ` The second time I can do it myself . ' "	The Netherlands ' first ever euthanasia clinic opens and includes mobile service Rick Santorum claimed Dutch physicians euthanize elderly patients against their will Santorum also said elderly Dutch people wear bracelets reading "  Do not euthanize me "
State College , Pennsylvania  CNN  -- Coach Joe Paterno and the president of the school have lost their jobs , effective immediately , over a child sex abuse scandal at Penn State , university trustees announced Wednesday night . "  What can I say , I 'm no longer the coach , " Paterno told a crowd of about 15 students gathered outside his house late Wednesday night . "  It 's going to take some time to get used to . It 's been 61 years . " The crowd cheered and said , "  We love you , Joe . " "  I love you , too ! " Paterno replied . Paterno 's wife , Sue , was visibly upset while standing beside him on the front steps . John P. Surma , vice chairman of trustees , said that President Graham Spanier was being replaced and Paterno , the longtime head football coach , would not finish the remainder of the season . Nittany Lions defensive coordinator Tom Bradley will serve as interim head coach . Rod Erickson , executive vice president and provost of the school , will be interim president , school officials said . Stunned Penn State students congregated after the announcement . Spanier has been president of the school since 1995 . Paterno was given the news of the unanimous decision early Wednesday evening in a telephone call made by chairman of the board Steve Garban and Surma . Asked Paterno 's reaction , Surma said , "  That 's a private discussion that I would rather not characterize . " Surma said he hoped that the school 's 95,000 students and hundreds of thousands of alumni would believe the decision "  is in the best long-term interest of the university , which is much larger than athletic programs . " "  We believe we did the best job we could , " he added . Hours before the decision , Paterno , 84 , issued a statement saying he was "  absolutely devastated by the developments " involving a former assistant football coach and two university officials and that he would end his 46-year tenure as head football coach at the end of the season . The trustees decided to move that timetable up . "  I grieve for the children and their families , and I pray for their comfort and relief , " Paterno said . "  With the benefit of hindsight , I wish I had done more . " Paterno 's contract is set to expire at the end of the season . Some had called for him to resign immediately because of his response to allegations brought to him in 2002 by a graduate assistant , who said he had seen retired defensive coordinator Jerry Sandusky , now 67 , sexually assaulting a young boy in a shower at the campus football complex . Paterno reported the allegations to his boss . Pennsylvania 's attorney general said it appeared Paterno had met his obligations under state law , but critics have said the coach should have reported the suspected abuse to police . Sandusky , who was arrested Saturday , is accused of sexual offenses , child endangerment and "  corruption of a minor " involving eight boys , most or all of whom he met through The Second Mile , the charity he founded to help troubled youths , prosecutors said . Two Penn State officials are accused of failing to report the alleged abuse . The U.S. Department of Education said it will launch an investigation into whether Penn State failed to comply with an act requiring colleges and universities to disclose the number of reported criminal incidents on campus each year . "  In addition , in certain cases , the institution must issue a timely warning if a reported crime represents a threat to the campus community , " it said in a statement . "  If these allegations of sexual abuse are true then this is a horrible tragedy for those young boys . If it turns out that some people at the school knew of the abuse and did nothing or covered it up , that makes it even worse , " Education Secretary Arne Duncan said in a statement . "  Schools and school officials have a legal and moral responsibility to protect children and young people from violence and abuse . " Athletes , fans and students grappled with implications of the widening scandal . A "  Blue Out " will be held at Saturday 's game against Nebraska . An unofficial Facebook page encouraged fans to wear blue "  to support the victims of child abuse worldwide . The Blue Ribbon Campaign against child abuse began 22 years ago and is recognized across the country . In addition to being the color of our team 's home game jerseys , blue represents the color of bruises that have too often been neglected . " Sophomore linebacker Dakota Royer told CNN that Paterno told players of his retirement plans Wednesday morning during a team meeting . Many of the approximately 150 players , coaches and school officials in attendance had tears in their eyes , Royer said . Meanwhile , a tip line has been receiving calls from alleged victims of Sandusky , a source close to the investigation said , and police were attempting to verify the claims . State Attorney General Linda Kelly said Monday that the alleged failure of Timothy Curley , 57 , Penn State 's athletic director , and Gary Schultz , 62 , the university 's senior vice president for finance and business , to report abuse claims "  likely allowed a child predator to continue to victimize children for many , many years . " Curley and Schultz , who are each charged with one count of perjury and one count of failure to report suspected abuse , were released Monday on $ 75,000 bail each . Their attorneys have declared that the men are innocent . Curley and Schultz stepped down late Sunday after an emergency meeting of the university 's board of trustees.The case has raised questions on how Penn State officials handled allegations . Curley 's successor , acting athletics director Mark C. Sherburne , said the school is entrusted with the lives of young people . "  We are outraged that a valued trust has been broken , " he said on Penn State 's sports website Wednesday . "  We can promise you that we are doing everything in our power to restore that broken trust . Everyone within athletics -- coaches , administrators , staff and student-athletes -- are committed to this pledge . " Penn State 's board of trustees said it would create a special committee to investigate the child rape allegations , which became public last week with the release of a grand jury report . The Second Mile describes itself on its website as "  a statewide , nonprofit organization for children who need additional support and who would benefit from positive human contact . " Sandusky 's involvement with The Second Mile provided him with "  access to hundreds of boys , many of whom were vulnerable due to their social situations , " the grand jury said . The former coach is said to have engaged in fondling , oral and anal sex with boys over at least 15 years , according to the investigative grand jury 's summary of testimony . Sandusky , who served 23 years as defensive coordinator for the Nittany Lions football team before retiring in 1999 , is free on $ 100,000 bail . The grand jury investigation that led to the charges began with the claims of an alleged victim who said Sandusky had "  indecently assaulted " him and engaged in sex acts while he was a guest at the coach 's home , the attorney general said . The alleged victim had met Sandusky through The Second Mile , and Sandusky allegedly gave him expensive gifts such as trips to professional and college games , golf clubs , a computer and money , Kelly said . The alleged abuse began in 2005 and lasted into 2008 , and included overnight stays at Sandusky 's home , according to Kelly and grand jury testimony . The grand jury report also cites an alleged March 2002 incident in which a graduate student reported seeing Sandusky in a locker room shower of the football building engaged in anal sex on a boy . "  Hearing what sounded like sexual activity in the showers of a building that was supposed to be empty , a graduate assistant reportedly observed Sandusky sexually assaulting a naked boy who appeared to be about 10 years old , " Kelly said . The assistant reported the incident to Paterno , who , in turn , alerted Curley . Paterno said in an earlier statement that he had done his duty in informing Curley . "  It was obvious that the witness was distraught over what he saw , but he at no time related to me the very specific actions contained in the grand jury report , " Paterno said . "  Regardless , it was clear that the witness saw something inappropriate involving Mr. Sandusky . As Coach Sandusky was retired from our coaching staff at that time , I referred the matter to university administrators . " But instead of reporting the incident to authorities , Curley and Schultz took Sandusky 's locker room keys and banned him from having children from The Second Mile visit the football building , Kelly said . In a statement , Paterno called the charges "  shocking . " "  While I did what I was supposed to with the one charge brought to my attention , like anyone else involved , I ca n't help but be deeply saddened these matters are alleged to have occurred , " he said . As the controversy swirled Wednesday , a mural depicting Penn State and State College notables reflected the feelings of many in the university community and its environs . An artist painted Sandusky out of the mural , CNN Johnstown affiliate WJAC reported . CNN 's Sarah Hoye , Jason Carroll , Jason Kessler , Laura Dolan and Kiran Khalid contributed to this report .	NEW : Paterno tells students outside his house , "  It 's going to take some time to get used to " Trustees dismiss Spanier , remove Paterno as head coach immediately U.S. Department of Education investigating Penn State "  With the benefit of hindsight , I wish I had done more , " Paterno says
CNN  -- I recently became the proud owner of a bobblehead moose magnet . The jaunty little guy sports a Nova Scotia T-shirt , and while made in China , he reminds me of a lovely Canadian adventure lacking only in a real moose . Doug Lansky knows all about the draw of those touristy retail emporiums packed to the ceilings with tacky T-shirts and plastic bric-a-brac . He 's the author of "  Crap Souvenirs : The Ultimate Kitsch Collection . " The book , released this month , features more than 150 tchotchke photos , some of which Lansky collected from travelers online . He 's still collecting photos of these gems on his website crapsouvenirs.com . CNN asked Lansky to explain his terminology . He provided the following answers via e-mail : What 's a "  crap souvenir ? " For starters , I want to be clear that "  crap souvenir " is just a snarky way to say "  awesomely kitsch . " These are a collection of entertaining souvenirs that are , you might say , so bad , they 're good . It was hard to find a litmus test for tacky -- nearly all souvenirs possess an element of tackiness .  Finding kitsch-free souvenirs is a far more difficult task .  In the end , it was a gut reaction . I suppose I was looking for something that invoked an emotion that landed somewhere between a cringe and a laugh . Is the photo better than the vacation ? What criteria did you consider for an "  awesomely kitsch " or remarkably crappy souvenir ? It was almost more difficult to define what was a souvenir . Sure , it 's French for "  to remember , " but that does n't help the selection process much . Your first thought , like mine , might be that a souvenir is a memento you bring back from a trip . Seems reasonable , but consider the example of a German tourist who picks up an iPad while visiting New York 's Apple Store . He might consider it a souvenir of his visit . And his device is a souvenir for him , but iPads in general are n't . So , Rule 1 is that it has to be a souvenir on its own standing . Rule 2 : It should be an object on sale to the public . There may be a life-size polar bear in a cowboy hat and hula skirt standing in front of a tourist shop that makes for memorable souvenir photos , and one could argue that any item is for sale if you make the right offer , but if it is n't specifically there to be sold , it does n't count . Travel Snapshots : Not-so-kitsch souvenirs Rule 3 is a bit more complicated . It should be tied to a location . One way is simply to print the name of the town , city or country on it . But that would also qualify any random object that says "  Made in China . " So it has to be tied to a place in a way more substantial than being outsourced for production . In lieu of a printed location , the item might include national colors or depictions of a famous icon or be made of well-known items endemic to that locale . This was my working guideline . However , after all this reasoning , there were a few exceptions that were simply too deliciously kitsch to pass up . What 's the tackiest souvenir you 've ever come home with ? Share your finds in the comments section below .	"  Crap Souvenirs " features photos of some of the world 's kitschiest trinkets The book features photos of Sphinxamids and smoking frogs A souvenir has to reflect a place beyond being emblazoned with its name , author says
CNN  -- Singer-actress Mandy Moore and rocker Ryan Adams were married this week in Savannah , Georgia , Moore 's publicist told CNN on Wednesday . Mandy Moore first found recording success in 1999 with her single "  Candy " and is now a well-known actress . The wedding took place Tuesday , said Jillian Fowkes , who gave no further details about the nuptials . Rumors first surfaced almost a year ago that Moore , 24 , and Adams , 34 , were dating , as paparazzi photos surfaced of the couple out together in Los Angeles , California . Moore 's first success as a recording artist came in 1999 with her debut album , "  So Real , " which went platinum with the help of her top-10 single "  Candy . " Adams is known for producing rock music with a country influence . He is best known for his song "  New York , New York " , which appeared on his 2001 release "  Gold . " Adams is also an author and has produced music for Jesse Malin and Willie Nelson . He recently announced that he was leaving his band , The Cardinals , because of inner ear troubles affecting his balance and hearing . Adams has fronted The Cardinals since 2004 .	Mandy Moore and Ryan Adams married quietly in Savannah , Georgia Couple was first spotted together by paparazzi almost a year ago He recently announced he is leaving The Cardinals
CNN  -- Just as there are many choices of drivers , putters , balls , and other equipment , there are just as many choices of golf instructors . The process of how you choose your golf instructor is as unique as your finger prints . However , just like there are certain things you want to know before choosing your doctor , there are certain items you should inquire of your instructor . Compatibility - It is your responsibility to insure that there is a fit between you and your instructor on all levels , personality type , mutual goals , similar outlooks on the game , and your instructor 's ability to relate to your individual needs . Before throwing a dart in the phone book under "  golf instruction " , research the professionals in your area . One way is to ask friends and playing partners for referrals of good instructors in your area . Ask them about pricing , reputation , location , and their improvement under the instructor 's tutelage . If you get along with your playing partners and the instructor does too , odds are you have found a fit . Then , call the instructor and ask if they have time to talk to you about your game and improvement goals . A good instructor will be happy to talk to you about your game , and get to know you as an individual , prior to helping you with your golf game . Accreditation and Experience - Does your golf instructor have the education and experience to take your game to any level you desire ? Many individuals claim to be golf instructors . Many of these individuals are self-proclaimed "  experts , " or had enough money to take a one to two week course on how to teach golf and make more money . In seeking a golf professional to help you with your game , insure that the individual has an active accreditation with the PGA or LPGA , or , has demonstrated an inarguable ability to help players of many levels improve through many years of practice . Other associations claim they produce golf instructors . However , these organizations have one focus , to make money , not to produce solid golf instructors . Inquire of your instructor their accreditation , as well as their education both on and off the golf course . Check with the LPGA or PGA websites to confirm your potential golf instructor 's accreditation with that organization , and , how much experience the instructor possesses . Inquire of the instructor 's philosophy and past success stories . If needed , ask for references of students from all skill levels that you can contact . Video - Video swing analysis has become a staple for all golf instruction . It is no longer an option . If you are paying for instruction that does not include video review of your game , you should reconsider why you are paying for golf instruction . Video , when used correctly , is a third pair of eyes  you and your instructor are first and second  . This is similar to a doctor using an X-Ray or M.R.I , to diagnosis a health issue . Your golf instructor should be using video in the same manner . Video should confirm the diagnosis to you , not the instructor . A good golf instructor has the ability to see the flaw first , and use his or her knowledge of that flaw to diagnose a cure or drill for you to practice to realize improvement . If your golf instructor is relying solely on video to tell what is happening in your swing , you will eventually lose trust in the instructor 's ability to help you . You would second guess a doctor 's ability to help you if he or she did not use their ability first and confirm their thoughts with tests . Then why would you rely on an instructor who is not "  practicing " golf instruction in the same manner ? Follow-up Communication - Your golf instructor should have a program available for you to utilize to ask questions , give feedback , receive follow-up instructions , schedule lessons , or make other inquiries after your lesson . Some instructors offer their phone numbers after hours . Others utilize the internet for follow-up and communication purposes . Regardless of what form of communication is available to you after the lesson , your instructor should be available , at no extra charge , within a reasonable amount of time , to answer your questions and take interest in your concerns .	Handy hints from the PGA to help secure the right golf coach for your game Personality type and mutual goals are crucial to get the best from a coach Check your instructor has the education and experience to improve your game Your instructor should be available , at no extra charge , to answer concerns
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Clint Eastwood does n't know if he 's a legend . Clint Eastwood attends the "  Gran Torino " premiere this month with actors Bee Vang , left , and Ahney Her . "  Maybe , what is it ? " he asks , before making a reference to a line from director John Ford 's "  The Man Who Shot Liberty Valance , " "  When the legend becomes fact , print the legend . " But for more than 50 years , he 's appeared on the screen and behind the camera . His film credits include "  Dirty Harry , " "  Every Which Way But Loose " and the three "  Man With No Name " Westerns . He owns four Oscars -- two for direction of "  Unforgiven " and "  Million Dollar Baby " and best picture wins for those two films -- and he 's been nominated for six others . His most recent contribution to the film world is "  Gran Torino . " In the film , which Eastwood also directed , he stars as Walt Kowalski , a Korean War veteran who is forced by immigrant neighbors to challenge his prejudices . Kowalski is a recognizable type , the gruff , sometimes bigoted old man who may be hiding more heart than he lets on . Even though he 's not too caring at the start , "  he ends up expressing love to a family he 's never known before , " Eastwood said . CNN talked with Eastwood , 78 , about the movie , his future as an actor and what he expects in terms of awards . The following is an edited version of that interview : CNN : When you read the script , were you at all concerned about the nature of the language ? Clint Eastwood : No , I was n't . If you 're going to learn something and progress in the movie as a character , you have to start as something else in order to learn tolerance . And your character obviously is never too old to learn that , so he has to be a certain way . But I -- being politically incorrect -- I find -LSB- it -RSB- fascinating because I hate the so-called PC thing . I think that 's one of the things that 's damaging our generation at the present time . Everybody is taking themselves and everything so seriously . If they just relax a little more and take themselves and everything else a little less seriously , they 'd have a lot more fun . CNN : I understand Nick -LSB- Schenk -RSB- was the original screenplay writer . Boy , did he get a grand slam , getting Clint Eastwood to sign onto his project . Eastwood : Well , it was interesting because he had a hard time getting it to us for some reason . Anyway , they did and finally they got it to Rob Lorenz , who 's my associate . And he read it and said , "  Well , it 's kind of interesting . You might find this character interesting . " He says , "  He 's got a lot of -- he 's kind of a racist -- he 's a little bit of a lot of things . " I said , "  Well , it sounds interesting , I 'll read it . " You know , he said the same thing you 're saying . He said , "  It 's not exactly politically correct . " I said , "  Perfect . Let me read it . I 'll read it tonight . " CNN : It 's great that after doing so many films in your long career , you 're still looking for that edgy material . The material that 's not quite in the box obviously . And I heard that you do n't know if you 'll be doing too much acting anymore ? Eastwood : I do n't think so . I just do n't think there 's going to be that many good roles , or as you say , edgy material . CNN : Maybe not edgy material for the typical senior that 's an actor , but you 're a legend . You 're Clint Eastwood . So I 'm thinking people are writing stuff for you . Eastwood : I 'll tell you why . It 's that I do enjoy being behind the camera . I started directing 38 years ago in order to be involved in the whole project and not just the one component of acting . And so it became interesting to me to look at the whole picture . And so I 'm enjoying it back there . And next picture I do , Morgan -LSB- Freeman -RSB- 's going to be upfront and I 'm going to be behind the camera . And that 's where , I think , where I belong . CNN : And you guys are shooting that film -LSB- about Nelson Mandela -RSB- in South Africa ? Eastwood : Yeah . CNN : You guys are buddies now . Eastwood : Well , this will be our third together film over the years . The other two films -LSB- "  Unforgiven " and "  Million Dollar Baby " -RSB- seem to be reasonably successful , so we just hope we can keep a trend . CNN : You 've got "  Changeling , " and then you 've got "  Gran Torino . " Both of them are getting a lot of buzz . What 's your reaction to the fact that you 'll probably be getting a lot of -LSB- award -RSB- nominations ? Eastwood : Oh , I do n't know about that . I do n't think about that . I just make the pictures and where they fall is where they fall . If somebody likes them , that 's always nice . And if they do n't like them , then too bad . It 's just you -- you just make this picture . Actually , I kind of make a film for myself to sort of express myself . Or it 's a story I might want to follow . I never think too much about anybody seeing it . And then when you 're done with it , you go , "  Oh my God . Now we got to see if anybody wants to see this thing . " So we 're at that period right now , at least on "  Gran Torino . " CNN.com 's Jacque Wilson contributed to this report .	Clint Eastwood stars as bigoted Korean War veteran in movie "  Gran Torino " Eastwood says people take themselves too seriously nowadays "  I do enjoy being behind the camera , " actor-director says Eastwood says he makes movies to express himself , rather than for awards
CNN  -- Saudi Arabian security forces dispersed and detained dozens of protesters , including women and children , who on Tuesday were urging the government to release political prisoners , according to activists . Mohammed Al-Qahtani , human rights activist and board member of the Saudi Civil and Political Rights Association , told CNN the demonstration took place in front of the offices of the Human Rights Commission on King Fahd Road in Riyadh , the country 's capital . Egyptian protesters call out Morsy "  These are ongoing protests about political prisoners , " said Al-Qahtani , who explained that many of the demonstrators were family members of prisoners who had for years been "  languishing in jail cells without due process . " "  The government is not willing to take them to court and issue verdicts , " added Al-Qahtani , a prominent Saudi activist who is currently on trial in Saudi Arabia accused of , among other things , breaking allegiance to the country 's ruler and setting up an unlicensed organization . His case has brought about widespread criticism of the Saudi government by human rights groups . "  These men , women and children were appearing before the Human Rights Commission because no authority  in Saudi Arabia  will listen to their claim and try to provide a solution . That 's the root of the problem . " "  The response of the authorities was an exaggerated one , " he said . "  They also shut down one of the major arteries in the city . " While Tuesday 's protest could not be independently verified by CNN , at least one video on YouTube purported to show an argument between demonstrators and police in front of the Human Rights Commission in Riyadh . Crowds in Bangladesh protest unsafe workplaces Various pictures posted on Twitter also purported to show the demonstrators , some holding signs demanding the release of their relatives . Other pictures appeared to show the small number of protesters surrounded by police . Demonstrations are extremely rare in Saudi Arabia , an absolute monarchy where protests and gatherings are illegal . CNN has been unable to reach Saudi Arabia 's Interior Ministry for comment .	Demonstrators seek release of political prisoners held without trial Saudi Arabian security forces break up protest , detain participants Videos appear on YouTube , photos on Twitter
LONDON , England  CNN  -- If climate change were a small house fire , current policy in the European Union and the United Kingdom would ensure that it would destroy not just the house but the entire suburb . Author of "  Carbon Scenarios " compares global warming to a house fire that the world is currently failing to contain . That 's the grim analogy offered by Paul Domjan , author of a new report , "  Carbon Scenarios : Blue sky thinking for a green future " , by the Stockholm Network , a London-based pan-European think tank . The report explores three scenarios on climate change , none of which leads to what 's defined by the EU and UK as a ` successful outcome ' ; a greater than 90 percent chance of temperatures rising by no more than two degrees above pre-industrial levels . "  We have failed , " Domjan says , adding , "  We will not prevent two degrees of warming . " Continuing the house fire analogy he says , "  The less than two degree scenario is a fire you can put out . With less than three degrees it spreads to other rooms but you can still put it out . " He says global policy of the past ten years looks more like the third -- and worst -- scenario explored by the Carbon Scenarios report -- the one dubbed "  Agree and Ignore . " In that case , "  your house is unrecognizably destroyed . The positive feedback cycle is n't contained . Your house catches fire , your neighbor 's catches fire ... " And so on . Domjan blames the failure of the current climate change policy on the constant stream of compromises by world leaders designed to keep the Kyoto agreement intact . "  This dynamic of making lots of small compromises in order to keep the agreement in place has led to a situation where the agreement has lost a lot of its teeth . " He points to Canada as an example , a signatory to the Kyoto agreement which has "  done nothing " to implement it . "  During the time it 's been a signatory it 's been developing massive coal sands projects which are the most polluting way of producing gas and oil in the world , " he says . "  There 's a great international censure against the U.S. for not ratifying Kyoto but nothing has been said about Canada . " "  The coal sands are using so much natural gas and electricity they could have an entire nuclear facility just for themselves . " The three alternative futures explored in the Carbon Scenarios report include "  Kyoto Plus , " "  Agree and Ignore " and "  Step Change . " "  Kyoto Plus " envisages a gradual transition to a global cap on carbon emissions by 2012 . Domjan calls it a "  largely successful scenario " where there 's a greater than 90 percent chance of global average temperatures rising more than 3.31 degrees above pre-industrial levels by 2100 . "  That 's not a disaster . It 's still a world that 's recognizable , " he says . The second scenario -- "  Agree and Ignore " -- predicts efforts to reduce carbon emissions will "  stall and backslide " leading to "  competitive regionalism . " There would be a greater than 90 percent chance of global average temperatures rising no more than 4.8 degrees above pre-industrial levels by 2100 . From that point , temperatures would continue to rise into the next century . The third scenario -- "  Step Change " -- imagines a radical shift in global policy direction . World leaders would introduce a system of global carbon caps , giving them greater than 90 percent chance of limiting the rise in global average temperatures to 2.85 degrees above pre-industrial levels by 2100 . Of the three scenarios , "  Step Change " is the one Domjan personally prefers but the one he concedes is unlikely to happen . "  Our proposal -LSB- for a global upstream cap -RSB- is similar to but not identical to the proposal from the Kyoto 2 project , " he says . "  It 's a line of thinking that 's been around for a while that will provide a healthy alternative to emissions trading . " Under the scheme , the United Nations would impose an annual cap on the amount of carbon that could be produced from fossil fuels . Natural resource companies would have to apply and pay for permits to produce carbon . Compliance would be determined at key points , for example , coal washing stations . "  The problem is how do you get the political impetus to have a big international change like that and for people to accept that this is genuinely going to be dealt with at an international level , " Domjan asks . The "  Step Change " scenario supposes that the impetus comes through a threat to U.S. and Chinese economic security . Under the scenario , climate change threatens Sino-U.S. . trade relations so the two combine to lead and enforce global change . "  Our current approach to climate change is moving at the pace of the slowest country , " Domjan says , adding , "  Here they say we 're going to move as quickly as possible and then force others to catch up . " Under that scenario , the need to purchase carbon production permits would push record oil prices even higher as energy companies pass on the cost to consumers . Domjan is confident the global economy could cope -- it 's adapted to higher energy prices so far and is likely to prove equally resilient in the future . And the extra cost of fuel , rather going to producers , would be held in a fund controlled by the United Nations . It would be used to help developing nations to use fewer fossil fuels , to support new research and development , to compensate oil producers for the carbon they 're not producing , and to establish an emergency fund to deal with the consequences of climate change . Domjan acknowledges that world leaders are unlikely to use the report as the basis for a new global policy , but he hopes they at least take away two key points : "  Whenever possible regulate at the point where there are fewest participants -LSB- and -RSB- we need to make sure there 's a clear price signal so the market can distribute energy efficiently . "	Carbon Scenarios report says EU , UK global warming targets "  unrealistic " Report 's author : "  We have failed . We will not prevent two degrees of warming " Document explores three scenarios for global warming under different policies Proposes radical shift in policy to introduce global carbon caps and permits
